3	Everyone knows this was the old Mellow Mushroom which now is totally gone from the Charlotte market.  Food was good, beer selection amazing.  I have to commend them on the renovation.  It does not feel like an old Mellow Mushroom... not sure it feels like a pizza joint, but hey it is kinda cool.The bartenders are into their beer and you really should go in for this reason.  Do not look at the beer list.... you will miss the experience.  Ask the bartenders... sample, play and enjoy.  Watch out for some of those Gravity Beers.  They will knock you right off your bar stool
4	We were actually just looking for a place to chill and watch the game, and decided that we'd check out "that pizza place where the Mellow Mushroom used to be".  That happens to be the Pizza Peel, and since they have a couple of flat-screen televisions mounted above the bar, it fit the bill.  The rest of the place came as a pleasant surprise.The decor has undergone some subtle upgrades since the Mellow Mushroom days, with distressed wood paneling on the walls, and a sleek modern look to some booths and a metal chandelier over the bar.  It's not a big room, but it does have plenty of seating, much of which is in the form of tables that can be rearranged if you have a decent-sized group.What impressed us first is the friendliness of the staff.  Brian, the bar manager, suggested that we try the Pear Cider on tap (along with 40 or so other brews), so we did.  Try the Pear Cider I mean.  Not the 40 others.  Not that night anyway.  He also checked in on us regularly to see how we were doing - great attention from all the staff in fact.Next we also enjoyed the food.  We had the curry rolls, sort of a spring roll with slight spice to them - different and enjoyable, but mostly because we just wanted to test them out.  Then we moved onto the pizza, and we were glad we did.You can get two sizes - small and large.  The small is 8 inch, the large 16.  While the large is a bit more expensive, it appear to us that the better deal is to get the large in a half-and-half configuration (half on one side, half on the other) - especially if you're there for a game-day special, where you get a large pizza and a pitcher for a great price (compared to the individual prices).The pie itself isn't your typical New York variety - it's a whole wheat crust, and you have some interesting variations, but that's what makes the place.  We tried the aqua-something (sorry, can't spell it), a spicy base, with peppers, corn, chorizo and who knows what else on there.  It starts innocently enough and then gives a sort of slow burn.  Be careful.We also had the black bean with chicken, which gives you the spice up front - the two complimented each other very well, and made for a great combination on a single pie.  The best thing was that we had some left over.There are also desserts, and though they aren't bad, the pizza is definitely the star here.  It might be a while before I get past that and to the other items on the menu (pasta, sandwiches, etc).
4	Dropped by The Pizza Peel last night for a second visit, and while the staff wasn't quite as friendly as they were the first time around, they were quite good.  I think it was because they were busier this time.The food, however, was probably better - we tried the house-made chips as an appetizer (much better than the curry rolls, which were good, but they didn't fit as well with the theme) and the pizza of the day, which was a different variety than the spicy ones we had last time, but still quite tasty.My stomach wasn't feeling good, so I laid off the alcohol, but this gave me a chance to try their sweet tea.  Very nice, and most excellently sweet.  Big thumbs up.No one showed up for the January Yelp Gathering, but I can't blame that on The Peel...
4	I have only been once but we had a great time! The food is very good and they have a very nice beer selection on tap! They even have a Wii you can play! How cool is that? I would recommend checking them out.
4	Personally, I feel that of any restaurant type that Charlotte doesn't need any more of, it's brick oven pizza.  For that reason, I wanted to dislike Pizza Peel.  But no such luck.3 of the 4 stars I've given this place are due to the fantastic, absolutely fantastic beer selection for such a small place.  From IPA to Barley Wine, Framboise to Stout, their beer list is impeccable.  Everyone who claims to like hops needs to drink Bell's Two Hearted Ale at least once.The pizza is good.  And the service is friendly.  Certainly my favorite eat-in pizza joint in Charlotte.  I did penalize them 1 star for adding to the already saturated list of Charlotte pizza joints.  But again, this place is really good.
4	Checked out this joint a few weeks ago while I was moving into my new condo (conveniently located very very near by) and in spite of being yet ANOTHER pizza joint, I found I enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.    The place is owned and ran by the same folks that own/run the local mama fu's.   Many of the wait staff have been at this location since it was a Mellow Mushroom, which means they know TONS of the locals.   This particular night was jam packed with folks, but my guest and I only had to wait 5 or 6 minutes to be seated.  The service was great and made us feel right at home (though them asking people to vote for them could have something to do with it)The beer selection is awesome and I was very pleased they had Blue Moon on tap and they include huge orange wedges with their blue moon----YAY!I ordered one of the smaller person pizzas with pesto and it was good.  Not the best pizza I have had in Charlotte (I reserve that title to Tony's) but was good nonetheless. I will be returning to this place often if not only for the convenience and the beer selection.
5	Pizza and Beer need I say more?I'll be honest when i pulled up to the Pizza Peel I wasn't quite sure what to expect. It was a little dificult to get to and the outside didnt knock me down with a come on IN feeling. But once i pulled on the "pizza peel" door handles it was like seeing a whole new world. Rustic wood beams and a huge bar with a TON of different types of beer on tap almost made me do a 2nd glance to see if i had stepped in to the twilight zone. The server sat me and my wife down went over the lunch specials and asked if we had ever been here before. We explained we were new and he went on to tell us about the pizza dough (something about having molasses? maybe) and about all the diffrent types of beer on tap. We ordered a half bbq chicken, half sausage pizza. Fricking awesome. I washed it down with some imported beer that leaves a fruit after taste i couldn't remember what its called but now that i joined their "beer club" they said they would keep track of all the beers ive tried.  Needless to say I loved it.  also this might sound gross but i dipped my pizza crust in my that imported beer. It was like my taste buds were in heaven just a little fyi tip.
4	Great interior, great beer and great food! We had the Tong's Thai pizza which was awesome.I can't wait to go back to try some of the more traditional pizzas. I think it may be my new favorite pizza place in Charlotte!
3	I recently moved close to the pizza peel and was excited to check it out after reading the reviews on yelp.  The pizza I ordered was pretty good and they have a reasonably priced beer selection.  They could however update their beer list as my friend and I struck out twice on our first two selections because their list was old.The worst part of our visit were the regulars who seemed to flock there for trivia night.  (I think it was a Wednesday)  I would like to give this place another shot but I think I will choose a different day of the week.
4	Go for the panini's.  I know it's a pizza place, but stick with me.  Their Turkey Panini was out of this world.  melting brie oozing out, perfect crunchy exterior/soft interior bread, the rasperry aoili was perfect ...and the beer list is great, although I had the same problem others have had, I struck out twice in a row ordering a beer because they didn't have it.
4	For pizza and beer and service, this is a solid 4 star review. Since that's what I came for, I'll happily give it to 'em.For anything else, I'd have to go with 3. Despite having one of the best beer selections in town, I don't think I'd hang out here all night - just not comfy enough. Lots of tables, cramped, bar is super open, noisy, kids everywhere, eh. Everything we had other than pie was so-so as well - Pasta special (primavera penne) was very standard. Jalapeno poppers (I know I know) were all breading, no spice, and filled with velveeta. For 7 bucks, at a good pizza joint, I expected more. I also found it surprising how little garlic adorned our order of 8 garlic knots. Tasted like we were eating dinner rolls.But the pizza was goooood. Not a crust style I've ever been in love with in the past, but can come to love, I think - sweet, whole wheat-y, soft. For me, this means I'll be getting gorgonzola on every pizza I order to contrast the sweetness of the crust, but that's fine. Toppings are interesting, nothing over the top (buffalo mozz and truffle oil not to be seen, for example) but they've got some twists - eggplant puree, chorizo, whole cloves of roasted garlic. Cool.
4	I love finding small, hole in the wall places, and the Pizza Peel fits this description perfectly.  We had a large group arrive for a New Year's Day casual dinner.  Since there were only about 12 tables in the entire place, we clearly knew where we were sitting.  Service was good, and the beer list, as many have said, was extremely extensive.  I believe they have more than 20 beers on tap.  Pizza was also good, though not out of this world.  The best thing on the menu that night was probably this New Year's Day lucky soup - with chickpeas, collard greens, rice, and bacon - so good.  Take some friends and have some of their delicious pizza and beer.
3	Unless you have children or a reservation (actually, don't make one, just come another night), stay far away on Friday nights 'till after 9. It's a mobscene, kids everywhere, and the service suffers.Had a chance to check the bruschetta out (since something happened to our pizza orders) and it was the best appetizer I've had here, period. Still, the pizza's where these guys excel, even tho they'e beginning to suffer from that crust-space-enlargement disease so common in pizzerias these days. Seriously, on an 8 inch pie, a 2 inch wide crust is insulting.
4	Looking for a good pizza joint in Cotswold? Pizza Peel (or is it Pizza n Peel?) is an unpretentious place with great beverage and food specials and an awesome staff.The pizza is made in a brick oven and personal-sized pizza is around $8-9.  Crispy crust, fresh ingredients.The other selling point is the ambience  The wait staff are very amicable folks who don't mind mingling with the customers.  I once curried the favor of a manger who let me take home a nifty pint glass for free.  Who else does that?  The place is real cozy; its small and gets crowded on weekends at night.  At such times, the service lapses somewhat. But if you can take a long lunch, hit up Pizza Peel.  Or if you're bored on a weeknight, you can play trivia in a place small enough to hurl banter at opponents on the opposite end of the restaurant.  Ya'll gonna love it, ya hear?
4	I frequent this little pizza pub a lot since its in the neighborhood. They have one of the best selection of beers I've found. Being an ex-saucer girl in the past (flying saucer) I love a good beer and miss having that option now that I live no where close to the Saucer here in Charlotte. The pizza is decent not the best in town but its tasty, however I really enjoy their salads I have yet to be disappointed big portions and tasty..wash it down with a White Zombie beer and you're set. I did stop by for the lunch buffet before and it was not very good the pizza was cold and there were very few choices. Dinner has always been a great experience.
4	Went here for the first time the other day. First impression = dark. Second impression = beer selection, WOW! Great beers on tap including my PBR, which of course I had to order, especially at $1.50 for a pint! Ordered the 8" pie, and considering my recent experience at Luisa's Pizza, this was a pleasant surprise. Ordered the 8" sausage and mushroom and it was good. Crust was crispy enough and it had good flavor. We went for a late lunch so it was not busy at all; however, I can see how it can get busy with the size of the place.Even if you're not hungry, stop my to check out the beer selection
4	We visited Pizza Peel last night for the first time.  I have to admit that I was impressed.  I wasn't expecting a lot, but the atmosphere was enjoyable, as was the food. For starters, I noticed that Monday nights was Beer Poker for $1.50.  I asked our server what that meant because -- ignorantly -- I had never heard of that before.  Was it a special kind of beer?  No.  The server grabbed a deck of cards and my partner and I each picked a card from the deck of 52.  The type of bottled beer you get (for only $1.50!) was based on the playing card you drew.  The higher the card, the better the beer.  I drew a King.  Nice.  I was brought a German Octoberfest import.  My partner drew a Nine and was brought a dark beer of some sort I had never heard of before.  Our server told us that they don't have typical domestic beers in the mix.  I'm guessing it's usually beers that aren't moving sales-wise or, in the case of my Octoberfest, is not in season anymore.  Hey, for $1.50, I'll drink anything.  And mine was actually pretty darn good!  Regularly (not on Monday nights), Beer Poker is $2.50.  Still a fantastic deal considering the prices of other bottles of beer!They have a pretty unique selection of specialty pizza/toppings.  For dinner, we split a 16" Buffalo Chicken Pizza.  I have to admit: that was one damn good pizza.  It wasn't spicy (at least not for me), but it was full of flavor. The downside was that it was $20, which seems a little pricey for a large pizza.  I'd definitely return to Pizza Peel, though...for dinner...and Beer Poker!
4	A bar with a pizza problem! I mean this in a good way, seriously. I had a great time a Pizza Peel. With over 40 beers on tap and live bands playing it's hard not to call this place a bar first and foremost. Despite the fact that the place serves enough varieties of pizza and toppings to make your head spin, there are other items on the menu for you to try. This is certainly not NY style pizza, but that wasn't my expectation. Some people are disappointed because they enter Pizza Peel looking for something other that what it can deliver. I was looking for good deal on a beer and perhaps something unusual to absorb some of the alcohol. Mission accomplished here. It's a social low key place worth checking out if you like to sample different local and foreign brews and have a decent pizza or sandwich at the same time. A good place to hang out with friends and meet some locals.(ForkOver is a Foodie transplant from Brooklyn NY searching out and writing about what's to eat in Charlotte, NC)
4	Lots of beers to choose from at this place.  This is a local watering hole.  Food is good too.  Can be busy and parking is an issue, but none of this things has stopped me from eating and drinking at this local place.
4	This is another one of those places that I've had a review drafted for quite some time, but haven't pulled the trigger as of yet. So, Pizza Peel. The pizza is quite tasty and it's a quaint little spot for a casual lunch or dinner. As Todd W mentioned, we noticed that a) it's pretty dark in there (even during midday) and b) their beer list is almost unparalleled in Charlotte. Nice start!Staff was pretty friendly, albeit we didn't need too much attention during a late lunch. While they do have a $7.50 pizza lunch buffet Mon-Fri, 11-2, I went with the small (8") Red & White Pizza. This delicious 'za included ricotta, mozzarella, bruschetta and sun-dried tomatoes. It was well cooked but a bit heavy on the sun-dried tomatoes. I can only handle so much! Plenty of cheese though! I had a slice or two to bring home for leftovers and I exited happy & full. And due to Leanne C's nerdy, but correct, engineering & math skillz, I now recall the reason why the 16" pie costs more than twice than the 8" pie. You see, folks, using the formula A=pi*rsquared. Yes, that's pi * the radius squared, an 8" pie has an edible area of 50.24 sq. inches and the 16" pie has an edible area of 200.96 sq inches. Therefore it *does* make sense that their 16" pie costs more than double their 8" pie. Although...you typically don't see this on menus due to extremely high economies of scale at pizza joints. Anywho. That is all.
4	Since I had Monday off for the holiday I decided to venture out to try the Pizza Peel for lunch. It's a bit of a drive for me, but it was worth it. They have a lunch buffet M-F from 11-2. Buffet is a bit of a stretch. The only have room for 3 maybe 4 pizzas at the most. I got there around 1 pm and there wasn't much of a selection, but they had some pizzas in the oven which came out pretty quickly and after that they did a good job of keeping the pizzas well stocked. The buffet also includes a salad and drink, which is great considering most places charge you upwards of $2 for a drink along with your meal. The salad was mixed greens with tomato and some Cheddar cheese. It was crisp and fresh. Since they don't have much room for pizza they usually do half & half pizzas. I didn't really try to figure out which was which, but it was all good. The only complaint I could make was that on some of the pizzas the center was a bit soggy, but that happens most places when they load the pizza up with toppings, so it wasn't a big deal. The crust was thin NY style with a nice chewy crust. If you want a good, cheap lunch, then stop by the Pizza Peel. Heck if you just want a good pizza stop there.  This was some of the best pizza I've had here in Charlotte. They also had many beers on tap and in the cooler, but by the time I was done stuffing my face with pizza I didn't have much room for beer. That just gives me an excuse to stop back some other time.
4	This is a neighborhood favorite of ours. It is close, fast and the food is always good. They have a variety of menu options and a GREAT beer selection...including a Beer Club. Watch out for that Beer Club, it can quickly become a competition between friends. We even caught each other sneaking off to go add to their list without telling the others...I would say "sneaking people" but I was definitely one of them. I guess that is the competitor in me.I have had everything from garlic knots to salad, pizza to soup and it has all been good. They have great specials every night...including $1.50 Beer Poker on Monday night. This is definitely one of the more consistently busy places in the Cotswold Area, but compared to the other restaurants in the area I understand why. I would definitely recommend The Pizza Peel for a low key night of beer and pizza.
5	Love going here to hang out with friends and have a beer.  Greet selection of beer, and the staff is helpful when you are trying to find a new brew to sample.  Pizza is very good too.  Overall, a very nice place to sit and relax while enjoying good beer.  Has a very cozy neighborhood feel to it, which I like, since I am long done with "bar scene" and the like (ie - I am too old for the loud, wild places the youngsters flock to....).
4	I went on a Saturday around noon hoping to try The Mellow Mushroom.  When we discovered that there was no such pizza place at the address, we decided to try The Pizza Peel.There was only one server at the time running 3-4 active tables.  We wanted the pizza buffet, on which were no pizzas at the time because the autistic man in his 20s took the only pie that was on the buffet.  :(The chef, caught unprepared, asked us exactly what toppings we wanted.  Of course, I ordered Hawaiian.  It was delicious and well worth the wait and trouble.For making us wait, the waitress deducted a fair amount of money from my bill.
4	This is an interesting little place. Kind of small and crowded, but not to the point of being obnoxious. The place seems like a nice little neighborhood joint, a refreshing change from all of the chain restaurants that are cold and completely devoid of any real character. The tap list was fairly decent, with a definite slant toward local and regional offerings. The only disappointment was that it leaned to heavily on IPA's, DIPA's, and Stouts not nearly enough representation of other styles. The service was pretty good, the waitress was helpful, and my beer glass never sat empty (always a good sign). The on staff beer guy was knowledgeable and friendly, and eager to talk beer. The food was good; better than the chain pizza places, but not quite as good as Luigi's or Mellow Mushroom. A little pricey but not too bad.
4	I can't really write a full review of this place yet, but I can say that we had their "Peel Ribs" at Taste of Charlotte, and they were out of this world.  I mean seriously, walking down Tryon St. through a crowd with sauce all over your hand and a glazed look in your eyes out of this world.  I'm still in a dreamy rib fog thinking about them.  Will definitely be heading in here for a full review soon.
4	One of my favorites. Great beer selection that always changes. Servers and bartenders are very friendly and know their beer. Pizza is wonderful too. I recommend the Heart Stopper - lots of meat! Only thing that keeps this from being 5 stars are the Friday nights being overrun by children. Wait until after 8 to go.
4	I have to revise my previous review.  We stopped in last night to give pizza peel another go and had a great meal! We even re-ordered the same pizzas!
4	It's hard to find a good slice of pizza but I must say this place is a high contender! I had a delish made to order pizza with more toppings than I have ever gotten (branching out!) and had a bit of thai-type pizza. Yummy! I am not a beer drinker but all the guys seemed happy with the wide selection. Plus, the game was on--I think this made them happy too!Anyway, this place is worth giving a go. Other highlights:SmallGood specialsOld School games (Pac Man, anyone?)So so atmosphereOutdoor seatingFriendly and efficient staff
4	This rustic little neighborhood joint offers tasty pizza and  a ginormous selection of beer on tap and by the bottle. They have a nice selection of salads as well.
4	I've been here twice now, and both times, I've really enjoyed myself. I'm a little worn on the bar-scene, and it feels a little bar-y in there...but, the food is good, the atmosphere is laid back, and the prices aren't so bad. They've got lots of great promotions (Groupons, etc.) as well, so it's not too hard to find a way to check the out on the cheap.
4	I fell in love with the PP during my 1st official Yelp Elite event-- and have gone back twice since!  The environment is really homey, dark wood everywhere, casual and family friendly.  But what really got me, was the yummy pizzas with plenty of creative toppings and nice wheat-ish chewy, tender crust on the inside and crisp, crunchy outside. An 8 inch pizza BBQ or Thai pizza at PP is $8.  Over at California Pizza Kitchen, their pizza is 10 inches and is about $11-$14.  The similar 10 inch specialties at Mellow Mushroom are about $11- $13. (Some are cheaper, like the plain cheese.) Honestly, for the price-- I don't miss the additional 2 inches of pizzas!  PP $16 larges are also about $3 or $4 less than the MM large 16 inchers. Oh, and the BBQ ribs appetizer was tasty-- for $5 you get 3 big ribs that are dry rubbed, baked then fried and drenched in a savory/sweet BBQ sauce.  Can't wait to try the pizza lunch buffet for $7.50 with pizza and salad included! PS:  Oh yeah, and the magician, Magic Barry who makes an appearance on certain nights, he is a blast in a glass.  Like a more wholesome, senior citizen version of David Blaine :-)
2	I would've appreciated if the menu had mentioned all their pizzas are wheat before I had 50 dollars worth of disgustor on our table. Even my wife's sandwich left much to be desired. Over priced and under flavored. Severely disappointing, especially considering the other reviews. At least the atmosphere was nice.
4	Beer Poker! Good prices and friendly atmosphere combined with above average pizza make this one of our favorite neighborhood restaurants.
3	The family went there last night and it was very busy as usual for a Friday night.  The wait was about 25 mins.  We have been to Pizza Peel several times and usually order pizza but only got subs this time.  We had 2 chicken parmesan and one Philly cheese steak sub.  The subs were ok but nothing special.  The chicken parmesan subs lacked tomato sauce.  It was just a few slices of chicken breast with a little cheese on top. The best part was the sub roll.  Next time we will stick with the pizza.
4	Extremely impressive beer selection on tap and the bartenders are not greedy about letting you have a couple tastes before making your selection.  The pizza was excellent and service was speedy.  We ordered a specialty pizza called "One Veggie" - Red Sauce, Mozzarella, Roasted Garlic, Mushrooms, Goat Cheese, Artichokes, Pesto.  I would highly recommend it to anyone!  Besides the specialty pizza selections you can also create your own and they offer 8" and 16" sizes.  Also, good news to people with small children, this place is incredibly family friendly!  Along with the impressive beer selection, they also had an impressive selection of flavored milk!!  It seemed like more milk was being served than beer when we were there.  If you are not looking for a kid friendly environment, just show up later around 7:30 or 8pm.  I think we arrived at family happy hour (around 6:30), but all the children started to disappear around 7:30...bedtime! :)So I would highly recommend for pizza and beer lovers with children or without children!  Just pay attention to what time you decide to show up!
2	This was our third visit here to one of the best  pizza around...........But this Sunday something changed. We can in for lunch and a pizza and salad while incurring one problem....no service. After immediately being seated, no one came to take our order. I tried twice to flag down the only two wait staff and both responded with "someone with be with you shortly" After 16 minutes, we left. Wasn't that busy either....strange
2	Great service and prices and wonderful atmosphere. During lunch my friend and I were one of the only seven people there, so it wasn't too busy. It took way too long for one pizza, and when it got over it was lukewarm and the bottom completely black. I couldn't even taste my toppings. Its an hour later and I still have the charcoal taste in my mouth. Wish I had a better experience!
4	This review is just to tell you about $3 dollar local draft beers on Thurs. nights & fish tacos - who would have ever guessed that the fish tacos were this good at Pizza Peel not this girl but they surprised me.   2 huge tacos with spicy tilapia "grilled" not fried YAY! and some yummy chipotle sauce spot on.
4	This is one of those places that is too big for its own boots. It is no secret that this place is good. Often during dinner service there is a wait to get in here. The quality is there. The seating is European style. Meaning you could be at a table close to someone else. [I like this style, it makes some uncomfortable but get over it] The food is good. The only thing I've been slightly annoyed with the service, is that at lunch time they have a pizza buffet, which the server never mentioned to my group. The buffet is cheaper than a single pizza. CONS: The bar area really isn't defined. There can be issues if you are sitting near the bar and people try to participate in the bar at a second level deep. This is more of a staff deal [which should stop that]Given that, I would go back here. The food is good, the combinations of the pizzas are unique. [ BTW This place is owned by the same group that owns Flying Biscuit and Monkey Joes in charlotte]
4	I've been twice. First time was so packed it was a 20 minute wait with no where to wait... The second time was much better. Got a table within 10 minutes and served by one of the funniest servers I have ever met. The BBQ Chicken Pizza is quite amazing. I would recommend trying it out. Their selection of beer is also impressive. The bartenders are a bit slow though. But overall, I will be visiting each month.
3	Great beer selection. Went on Carolina beer night, where all beers from Carolina are $3. Husband and I both ordered one of the highlighted beers on the menu- 2 different IPAs, both were very good.  Make sure you verify the check- one of the beers was charged at the special price and the other at full but once it was brought to the attention of the waitress she took care of it with no issues! We started with the bruschetta and found it to be very good. The asiago cheese mixture was seriously addictive and kept me going back for so many little pieces of toast that I was afraid I wouldn't be able to eat my pizza. I ordered the create your own pizza with double cheese (mozz and cheddar) and the husband got the BBQ pizza. Both were good, but nothing that I find myself craving and feeling the need to rush back for. Overall a good experience and I'll most likely go back, but there are too many other places I want to try out first.
3	Come for the pizza, stay for the beer.  Pizza Peel is that neighboorhood pizza place where somebody inevitably knows your name.  It's small, but it somehow manages to accomodate sports fans (at least 3 big TVs to watch the games), families with kids, the post-work crowd who loves trivia, and those who are just generally hungry for good food and drink.  When the place gets packed, it feels like the small building might split its seams, and you better not be claustrophobic, but outside of a weekend night, it feels homey and cozy.  The offerings are diverse and ecclectic, with both Thai pizza and fish tacos sharing the same menu, but everything you'll try is tasty, and the prices are reasonable.  Their beer list is unmatched in quantity and variety, with about 30-40 beers on tap, and many more in bottles.  Friendly staff, fast service, high-quality ingredients, unique flavors, and another round of alcohol - what more could you want?
4	First time at Pizza Peel and first beer "class." I cannot speak to their food, since I went with the intention of learning about beers from the Pizza Peel Beer Goddess event.I'm not a beer drinker, but I'm very much for trying new things or learning about things...so when the beer class was offered, I was excited to go! A bunch of us ladies showed up and filled their heated and enclosed patio. Brian was a great teacher and was very knowledgeable about the beer making process (even passed around barley and hops). Did you know that hops not only makes beer bitter, but also works like a preservative? *Call me, A+ student*We tried about a half-dozen types of beers...I should have taken notes, but just remember some were light and others were dark, some tasted like grapefruit and some like coffee, some smelled decent while others smelled not so decent. I guess beer is an acquired taste and one that I don't have yet...but I can appreciate the process and variety. By the way, they have a huge list of beers!This same class is open to the public every Wednesday night in the month of February starting at 6:30pm. Next week, lagers or ports will be the focus. The restaurant itself stayed busy and many people stopped by to pick up food to go. Next time I'm here I'll check out their pizza since I've read so many good reviews.
5	Pizza with Red Onion (you can get the other kind of Onion if you wish) and Garlic Knots almost the size of Pretzels!  My rating of Five stars means it is one of my favorite places to get Pizza and that everything I want in a Pizza was executed very well here both times I've been here.  Here is the rundown and yelp star ratings on the components:Pizza Sauce: great flavor better than most, 4.85 yelp starsPizza Crust: Thin and thinner than many, great flavor 4.9 starsCheese: YAY!  A strict Mozzarella (no blend YAY!) perfect volume 5 starsRed Onion: Great flavor and sliced perfectly THIN! !! !!! 4.75 starsGarlic Knots: Totally Fresh! BIG 5 stars on size, 3.9 stars on flavor, tasted like canned powdered Parmesan Cheese, mixed with plenty of fresh Garlic!  It is doubtfully I would be dating someone who dose not LOVE Garlic (unless it was a first Date)!Marinara Sauce: with a little Cheese very good 4.75 starsThe Servers here are great, all have very outgoing personalities with great sense of humor and I asked each of them who the Funniest server was they could only agree that the one wearing a Pig on her "chefs" hat was the Craziest!  My server almost qualified for Superboy on Pizza palace (no crown) though it would still take a little work.I walked in last Wednesday evening and I had that "yelp is in the air" feeling when I saw the Bar LOADED with beautiful ladies of  yelp I did not think I would be recognized so I took a Table right beside them... Then as they were moving to the Outdoor area (Plasticed in for the winter) I saw PINK (not the Rock star) the POPROCK star Tonya P. P for POPROCK LOVE (you know her as Poprock Photography) I knew my cover was blown now, yet I was wrong, she did not tell anyone who I was!  YAY!  Thanks Poprock LOVE!
4	Great casual environment with a TON of beers on tap and bottled!!
4	BBQ chicken pizza was great! Different - the sauce was very unique. The crust was a great mix of a little chewy and soft with a little crunch in the peel. We did take out so I can't comment on the service. Looking forward to going back.
2	I was once a pizza snob, but have been known to order in Dominos now and again. Pizza Peel is in our neighborhood and from the outside reminded me of the local "Pizza Joint" that I enjoyed down in Augusta, GA. We ordered a pizza for takeout and ended up throwing out half of it. The dough was just not right and nothing about the pie was enjoyable. If I want something other than delivery I drive to Uptown for Villa Francesca, even if it is a bit of a trip.
4	I've been to the Pizza Peel twice so far and I've never made it past the patio. It's just too darn inviting and we always end up there. Maybe when it gets chilly we will head inside, or just sit really close to a heater... The best thing about this place is that they have a GIGANTIC beer selection. I think we went on a Monday once and they were having a Beer Poker for a really cheap price. It was like Beer Roulette to me, you didn't get to pick the beer, it was just a surprise and you drank whatever they brought you. Good way to try new stuff though so we tried it, and it was fun. We also learned what will cause bitter beer face and what to stay away from next time. LOLThe food here is decent, but it's not my fave. I'm not a huge pizza gal either though so perhaps that's why. But I tried the garlic knots thinking they'd be amazing, and they just turned out to be a greasey pile that made my stomach upset after eating 2 of them. The next time I went I had a salad of some sort that was on their special board and it was pretty great, and spicy. It's a great place to be a regular and it's close to home so I'd def say to give it a go.
5	We have been getting carry-out from Pizza Peel for several months and LOVE their Greek salad. Tonight, we dined in so we could listen to the live music. Our pizza was not quite up to par, but our waiter, Tony, took care of us. The chef came to our table and hand-delivered our new pizza, which was delicious. Many restaurants would have let us walk away dissatisfied, but the amazing service at Pizza Peel caused us to leave with completely satisfied and with a smile.
4	Good pie. Really good pie. Go here when Luisas is closed.
4	This is a really neat pizza spot! I came here with my brother and a friend to check it out. When you walk in, it's sort of a chilled bar family atmosphere. You'll see families eating and the ceiling gives you a sense of a nice country home feeling.So. Here's what's up. They only have two sizes of pizzas here. A 8" and a 16", and priced at $8 and $20 respectively it's kind of weird. I would think double the size would be double the price, but it isn't the case. This is what I ate when I came:1. For appetizers we ordered wings and nachos. Me personally, I felt the nachos didn't do justice. The amount of beef and stuff that came with it didn't balance. My brother would have gotten the house chips instead, as he was eyeing it when he was walking out at another table. The wings, we mixed the sauces of teriyaki and buffalo so it turned out pretty good. It had a kick and at the same time the sweet taste came in to accompany it. I enjoyed that.2. Pizza. We decided for 3 we a 20" would be just fine. I believe we got a specialty pizza with onions, sausage, mushrooms, green peppers, pepperoni, and I believe bell pepper? I have a photo attached, but I don't know really what it was called. I enjoyed the pizza because it didn't have any weird taste like some pizza spots and it just went well. (It got me full!)Overall, my experience was positive. The service was nice, and the waiter was very helpful in choosing what was tasty! I will definitely come back if I'm in the area and craving for pizza.
4	I was recently invited to try The Pizza Peel and Tap Room on Colwick Road near Cotswold. The Pizza Peel turns out custom and specialty pizzas, pastas, sandwiches and salads and boasts an impressive beer menu. I like that pizzas are available in personal size portions and you can make even a personal size half and half - fun! There is also a Secret Menu. Ask for it.I tried the "No Apologies Pizza" from the Secret Menu which has chipotle hot tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, goat cheese, roasted red peppers, chorizo sausage, spinach, red onion and whole roasted garlic - whew, that was one fully loaded and tasty pizza! The Roasted Veggie (available on the regular menu) was also very good. The dough on both pizzas tasted fresh and well cooked. I also really enjoyed the curry rolls: although not what you might expect at a pizza place, the fried curry spring rolls with chicken, carrots, onions and cabbage got my taste buds going and offered an excellent start to the meal. Other starters include garlic knots, bruschetta, nachos and even house made potato chips. The house salad I sampled was also top-notch and other salads are available as well. I love salads with fruit, nuts and cheese and this house salad fit that bill with cranberries, bleu cheese and walnuts - yum! Pastas like beer & four cheese lasagna and eggplant parm are on my list to try another time and the fish tacos have received accolades as well. The Pizza Peel definitely offers a diverse menu with something for everyone. Every week there are lunch specials and every day there are events like trivia, live music and pint night.
5	Best. Pizza. In. Charlotte!!! I love, Love, LOVE Pizza Peel. Luckily, it's just around the corner from our house & even though I try to eat healthy it doesn't take much effort for Joe to twist my arm and "make" me eat at "the Peel." In addition to having absolutely phenomenal pizza, Pizza Peel has a very diverse beer selection, is a great place to watch sporting events, has yummy sandwiches and the best house salad in town. Pizza Peel is definitely not a place to go to if you want to have a nice quiet dinner, but it's always a good time and fun for the whole family.. they even have a magician on Friday nights for the kids! Definitely ask for the secret menu and don't be afraid to order the mystery beer... we haven't been let down yet by the selection!
4	I've been going to The Pizza Peel on and off for the past 3 years and it has always been consistent. True to the tune of "neighborhood pizza place" and houses all of the the right elements to be known as such. Warm atmosphere and a diverse menu. The most notable aspect of The Peel is the tapline. Over forty brews on tap and almost all are craft, local or mass distro only improved by being on draught. I've been introduced to many fine beers here from around NC and elsewhere. Also, love that these guys keep a finger on the pulse of what customers are beckoning for. Shown interest will typically bring that which is being sought after. I've had multiple pizzas here and I've loved them all. The molasses-y crust is very unique and wheaty. This weekend, I had the pleasure of trying the buffalo chicken sandwich. I can easily say this is one of the best I've had in town. The chicken is lightly breaded and tossed in sauce, but it isn't swimming. You know...like many places that just huck chicken fingers into a vat of sauce, throw it on white bread and call it a buffalo chicken sandwich....not these guys. Generous flavor, not dripping or greasy. The touch of bleu crumbles and julienne celery was a nice touch. Not just slathered with cheese or some splurt of dressing. The bread was perfect, too. Chewy and lightly toasted. Served with housemade chips. I'd order this again in a heartbeat. We also tried the Greek salad. Divine. I was happy we got this instead of an app. Light and fresh. The dressing was awesome, too.  Service is always friendly. For being a smaller dining space, the 3-4 servers on the floor hoof it back and forth and take care of almost everything. Cleaning, busing, running to the bar, and dropping food. Always happy with the service. Parking can sometimes be an issue as it's a small parking lot out front and Colwick doesn't exactly have ample parking. Also, if you're coming in on a Friday or Saturday night, there is a good mix of bar crowd and families. If there does happen to be a wait, it typically isn't all that long.
2	Very much disappointed in todays lunch..  I should have known better than to order a sandwich in a pizza shop.  I ordered the Philly Steak and fries were not an option.  They plate it with a mountain of chips I did not care for...  Really bland !  It was almost as if I ordered a plate of chips with a side sandwich.. The sandwich was rather small and not flavorful at all...It is a pretty cool little local spot tho...  Very clean and seemingly well ran. My server Anna was more than helpful.. And cute !After I order I noticed a little area that looked like a pizza buffet so I asked Anna and she confirmed it was available Monday thru Saturday.  So I think if I give them another shot I will try the buffet to check out their pizza...  Also I saw a family order some wings that looked really good...Still disappointed with my order tho after reading these reviews...
5	Eaten here a few times since last October....and wow. Here's some new things that I've LOVED since:-Bottles of Hopslam. They've had TONS available since they've been distributed and it's been nice to enjoy several of them here. Works rather well with the menu, too. - Fish Tacos - Dude....that ancho chili sauce with the verde salsa is magic. - "Close to Italian" Pizza. Sans chicken, this pie rules. I'd order it every time. - Kelly, bartender, is a machine. She's so friendly and works super hard. - Jessica, manager, is equally awesome and busts it to keep things rolling. Always smiling, too. Just a killer neighborhood spot and the food is consistently and continually awesome. Winner, Winner!
4	Love this place. Local beer list is awesome. Nachos were delish, spouse and toddler loved the garlic knot bread sticks. The sauce here rules...it tastes fresh. Both the nachos and the pizza we selected had chorizo on board. Glad to have a good beer bar and food spot locally for when I visit.
3	Tried this place when it first opened and found the sauce too sweet for my taste. Went back recently and enjoyed a cheese pizza and some garlic knots. Their small pies are a great portion for an individual or not-too-hungry couple to split. The garlic knots are very garlicy and quite tasty, not overly fried like some can taste like. Parking can be difficult but you can snag spaces in the lot at the dry cleaner's next door or the office space across the street if it's available. There are multiple tvs to watch sports while enjoying pizza and beer.
4	I just love "The Peel." It's a go-to lunch meeting spot with friends and colleagues, especially since I work in the area. Here are a few reasons why it's high on my list:- Draught beer selection is large and diverse. Lots of craft offerings. Old standbys as well as soon to be favorites from far and wide.- Pizza. Slam dunk. Every time.- Salads are dreamy. Well-executed and lacking nothing.- The pasta dishes are really solid. Sometimes I come in wanting a heavy, carby meal and these don't disappoint.- The Mr. raves about the wings, buffalo & blue cheese sandwich and fish tacos. I can't speak to those, but he keeps ordering them...so they must be good. I've heard they're the best fish tacos in town. Go try them and let me know!- Specials. Every day, they're rocking special menu items that run the gamut of flavors. Go out on a limb and order one. I especially love the patio, which can be heated for the chilly winter weather. It's also perfect for families...I see families everywhere! Beer for the parents, pizza for kids...what more could you ask for?All in all, this is a great place to go for pizza and lots of other stuff, too.
5	The bruschetta was amazing!!
4	Loved this place. We went here twice.Pesto Penne Pasta was A++Also the Roasted Veggie pizza was excellent.Not tried any of the other pizzas on the menu so my review could change depending. The eggplant pasta was a miss, I would pass. Also I noticed a few people raved about their fish tacos, while the fish was very fresh it wasn't as flavorful as I expected. Ambience and decor was nice. Can be tough to get a table on weekends. Give it a shot, they seem to be one of the better places I've been to for pizza in Charlotte so far.
5	We went to Pizza Peel to celebrate another Straight A year for my teenager-Service was excellent- "Mystery Beers" were a great value & fun way to try something new.  The pizzas were all 3 different and excellent!Look forward to returning.
5	SCORE! I have been to the Pizza Peel twice now, both times for the lunch buffet. Each time there I was greeted by a friendly face, waited on quickly, and enjoyed some awesome salad and pizza. The atmosphere is pretty chill, the staff is very friendly, and the pizza is fresh. They have a wide selection of pizzas to try. I was impressed with the variety they present you with at the buffet. I think my favorite so far is the buffalo chicken pizza! If you get it, I suggest asking for a side of blue cheese to dip it in (YUM).  I noticed the bar had a good number of different beers on tap; I will have to come back and enjoy a cold one on their patio! Overall, good food at a good price with a friendly staff to serve it all up!
4	Nothing catches my eye like a pizza buffet.  Luck would have it that I'd be in the area recently to give this a try.  Even at $8.50 now, this is quite a deal, as the price includes a drink and a salad.  Really enjoyed my salad with their house honey basil vinaigrette.  Although they only have a few pizzas out at a time and were dealing with a full lunch crowd, they were pretty good about restocking quickly enough that I rarely had to wait.  They had some interesting offerings like both barbecue and buffalo chicken pizzas, a veggie pizza with roasted garlic that was one of my favorites, and the usuals like cheese and a meat lovers.  I did enjoy the pizza, although I'd say I've had better, but that's no knock.  For the price and the quality, the pizza peel makes for an extremely satisfying lunch experience.
3	It was ok. Good food for the money. I don't like pizza. My other half wanted to go.
4	There's alot to like about Pizza Peel. The lunch special is a buffet of pizza, drink, and a salad. The toppings and crust are both flavorful, and their salads are surprisingly great too. I'm all for Dominoes or Papa Johns as much as the next guy, but Pizza Peel is where I'd go for a great pie. They have dozens of beers on tap, and a nice variety of other dishes. I haven't tried anything but the pizza buffet, but based on that experience, I'd easily go back for dinner. The only knock I have against them is their prices. Everything seems a little high, and $20 for a large pizza is a tough pill to swallow. But the quality is good, and the staff is friendly too.
1	I was very disappointed with this place. I felt like I was a piece of wood caught in a money machine (in the way). It is very unlikely I will return.
4	Very rustic look on the inside. Somewhat small dining room. Small menu but it is damn good! The chicken curry egg rolls are the best I've had anywhere. A few types of special pie our favorite is the tong Thai a spicy sweet chicken pizza. I get the supreme a lot which is very respectable. The beer menu is very good with a large local flavor. A great place for every type.
3	Service was great! Bartender and manager very helpful with beer selection. Really nice vibe in the place . Very comfortable.                  The pizza was good. The dough was a little sweet for me. But it had a good amount of pepperoni,so that was good .
4	Nice lunch pizza and salad buffet. Lots of beers to choose from. Cool little spot to hangout.
3	Just a regular pizza joint dressed for uptown. Not impressed.
2	We tried Pizza Peel because they are opening closer to us in Plaza Midwood and it was very disappointing. I did not care for the pizza; too sweet and the crust very doughy. The nachos were some of the worst I've had, even though the server said they were very good. They are made with a cheese sauce which was lukewarm at best, the chips stale and the presentation awful. I like real cheese on my nachos. The menu doesn't say it has beans but there are beans all over it. The beer list is above average. The service very flat. Lucky for them there aren't many good restaurants in Cotswold. Plaza Midwood on the other hand is a different story.
2	2.5 stars. Is this place under new management? I've had pizza here a couple of times before and I can't remember it being this bad. Here's what I objected to: The individual pizza is 8" but because they leave a fat roll of dough all around the cheese and toppings only cover a 6" area (that's small). The crust is chewy and it doesn't get crunchy although the pies were well baked. It's also not very flavorful. The cheese layer is minimal, which works with thin crust pizza only this is thick crust so no it doesn't work. The veggie toppings are of OK quality but cut to tiny, tiny pieces and very sparse. I think I got one small mushroom cut into 4 pieces, same with grilled pepper, artichoke etc. Result was  totally underwhelming.Meat wise I ordered chorizo stupidly expecting a few slices of Spanish chorizo instead it was some ground meat with Cumin instead of cured meat with paprika. MEH!I'm not going to detail the other pizza but it was very much the same. Like the waitress said: "Voila, y'all!" I doubt I'll go back.
4	Went in for lunch with some guys from work.  Overall I thought the place was great.  Small but nice and cozy interior.  Rustic and comfortable.  Lots of beer on tap, though we didn't have any.  Not too busy early at lunch but business was picking up as we left.Service was good.  Attentive server, friendly and nice.  Manager swung by to check on us.  That was nice.Some in the party had the pizza buffet.  All were happy with it.  We asked for a special pizza and they made it right away and it was on the buffet.  Salads were good.  I had a chopped salad and thought it was excellent.Great value for a quick lunch.  I would go back given the chance.
4	Bday eat fest continued...started with the peel ribs which were pretty good, the BBQ sauce reminded me a little too much of pizza sauce but again, pretty good. The pizza on the other hand was really good.  As I was staring at my wife and kids thru semi food induced comatose eyes, I could see the pleasure in their quasi comatose eyes too (I did say eat fest didn't i?:))  anyway good sausage, good sauce, great crust, good mushrooms, good wine, great atmosphere!  Highly recommend !!
5	Went for lumch as truly impressed!  The lunch special was great and the service was friendly! The interior was cute too!  I highly recommend thos place.
4	Pizza Peel is an ideal place for great food and great beer selection.  I love their garlic knots and their chicken curry rolls.  Also, they have a lunch buffet during the week and on Saturdays.  And did I mention .... the customer service here rocks.   :)
5	Amazing food, great atmosphere, love coming here for laughs, music, etc!!Mondays is beer poker night and live music is on Thursdays. The staff are all great and come to know you as a regular quickly. My favorite place to eat in Cotswold and now the have a plaza midwood  location too!
5	Third visit here in a month... we are addicted. This Thursday they had a band playing, they were really good and it was the perfect music for a family friendly place like the peel. Enjoyed listening and would go back to hear again. BF had the chicken parm... said the roll it was on super tasty and the chicken was nice and crispy and tender, he would order again.I decided to try the tomato basil mozz pizza... when it first came out I thought it didnt have enough cheese, I was wrong. The mozz was cut on the thicker side so you got a nice bite of cheese and that good cheese string pull from it.. their sauce is outstanding and is a star on this pizza. The basil, instead of being the traditional leaves was chiffonade which allowed for you to get basil in each bite. The owner/manager came by, he has been there each time we have gone and you can tell he loves the business and has a vested interest in ensure his guests have a good experience.
5	Ordered the Roasted Veggie and the One Veggie. Both were pretty good although the crust was a bit over baked and a little too thick. The garlic knots are nothing to rave about, but the House Chips I really liked--smoky with a slight kick. Good alternative to Dominos, so we'll be back for sure.
4	This place has had a staff overhaul recently and I must say, for the most part, it needed it. As for the food, it's pretty exceptional! Really great wings. Lovely salads and amazing house-made dressings. And the pizza's really tasty! Their lunch buffet even has a variety of everything on the menu (not just pepperoni, veggie and cheese) and, of course, LOTS of beers to choose from.Only complaint is the parking situation. (Parking across the street at the office building is NOT allowed.) And Friday nights are crazy kids night,...so for those of us who aren't used to spoiled, uh, I mean - hyper children running around, and looooong wait times, I'd avoid it on Fridays.But they're patio is sweet and any other night absolutely worth it!
4	Ordered buffalo wings ($7.99) and a cheese pizza ($15.50). Cheese pizza was saltier than I would have liked it so for a pizza place I give it a MEH review. The real winner was the wings. OMG. Can NOT wait to go back and try their other flavors. Worker was nice and we sat out on the patio.
4	This pizza here was fantastic and they had a lot of great local brews on tap that I've never tried before. Atmosphere was rockin and staff was very cool. I'll definitely be coming back here my next visit to Charlotte.
2	I have seen restaurants rise and fall.... I've never seen one fall so far.I've watched this place change several times before settling in as Pizza Peel.I was here the night it opened and dozens of times since. They had the standard slight deterioration in service and product, but were still a good deal.I moved to another neighborhood and hadn't been back in a few months.Thought I'd take the girls tonight as we have an early start. We got there and were able to be seated right away, but were refused the seat we wanted as it was 'reserved'. Wait!? They don't take reservations.....but um?Even though they had 3-4 servers on the floor and 7 tables seated, it took 6+ minutes for someone to take out drink order. 6 minutes with a hungry 3&7y old. Sheesh!So once our order was in all went reasonably well... However the quality of their pizza has become sub-par. Maybe a notch above dominos at best, yet still over 20 bucks for a large pie with just pepperoni. Won't be coming back....and until they get their act together is steer clear.
3	The Pizza Peel was a first for us. We went with high expectations due to all of the amazing reviews. It was average at best. The garlic knots were decent. The pizza was just okay. The sauce was plain and the cheese wasn't cooked enough for my liking. Also, the garlic knots and crust were all made with wheat and not the white flour I am so accustomed to. It wasn't bad but I don't think I'll be coming back. There are too many other great pizza options in Charlotte.
5	Specials, specials. I love a good local place with drink or food specials during the week. Even more if they have one on the weekend. Experiece here was great. Looks like a hole in the wall from the outside, but surprisingly a little larger in the interior.  My favorite part were the beer on tap special. They had a new pumpkin ale for like $3, great price and tasty. I has the nachos and my husband had a pizza. Pizza was standard, no chain pizza. No thick crust,  enough sauce and cheese ratio. I will say it was small, not enough for sharing in my opinion. Now my nachos, and I mean nachos with beef, sour cream, cheese, salsa, jalepenos, etc. Was amaxing. Everything came in the side corner so you could add more or as little as you liked. I loved it! Lastly I can't not talk abt service.  Our waitress was speedy and attentive. She knew we needed to get out quickly so she multi-tasked greatly.
5	Great food and amazing beer collection!!
5	Three words - chicken curry rolls!  Even if you're not into beer and music and football the food is outstanding.  There is a porch/veranda section as well that is covered with clear plastic and heated if the inside ambiance is not cozy enough.  This is a great little place tucked back in Cotswald right next to Krispy Kreme.  A hidden gem most nights though the drink specials seem to bring out more of the crowds.  Great, attentive, friendly waitresses as well.
