1	Should be ZERO stars...I don't even know where to begin...brought car in after break down in mid November 2013...told car needed "new engine." Gave Jesse $1000.00 for new engine, then a subsequent $600.00 for labor, and now...January 2014, STILL DO NOT HAVE CAR!!!!??? Now then...they did give us a "loaner" that has now broken down as well... Numerous phone calls in which I'm told Jesse is not there...will have Jesse phone me back...and NO CALL BACK! Today, Rich doesn't want to tell me his name when i ask, instead says "who is this?" Great customer service huh? Then he tells me that he's the (one & only) mechanic but when i ask him the status of car...he's not sure/doesn't know. I ask if I can pick up the actual receipt for the "new engine" and he says he has no access to that...but Jesse does...but Jesse is not there...OH, I should explain that I am long distance...my son drives the car and lives in Phoenix. He too has attempted to gain information but both he and another family member are getting the same run around...DO NOT TAKE YOUR VEHICLE TO THESE PEOPLE IF YOU EVER WANT IT BACK. They owe me a gigantic explanation.
1	is there a negative star option???? Now it's February 8, 2014...car was promised last night...and you guessed it, NOT done. Now we are told Tuesday.  Almost THREE MONTHS now and still no car. These people (owner Jesse) have got to be the most incompetent crew, EVER. Extremely unprofessional and downright crooked...do NOT take your car, or your worst enemies' car to these people...I'll update on Tuesday.
1	OK...so the car was ready a day earlier than anticipated...that was good. Now the not-so-good. Since this whole experience was so shady, we decided that, for safety reasons, we should have another, independent mechanic take a look to be certain things were on the up-and-up. Glad we did that...mechanic found a "laundry list" of things that were NOT done correctly, or even done at all! Most concerning...a punctured fuel line that had been taped with electrical tape!!!! Now, of course Gilbert Auto says that the car was never properly cared for...oil not changed, etc. Well NOT according to all of the maintenance records we have for this vehicle! Never missed an oil change...or anything for that matter. Car was in excellent condition...not so anymore. We're looking at another $500.00 in repairs, minimum. Some might suggest that we take it back to Gilbert Auto...to that I would ask you...would you go back to the doctor who cut off the WRONG leg???? I think not. DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR TO THIS SHOP...
1	Just a terrible experience, new dents to go with it. Should be zero stars because not all the work was done.
5	I had my Infiniti QX worked on and they did a spectacular job! I couldn't have been happier. They performed all the work very professionally and in a timely manner. Jesse was very transparent in the cost and it cost much less then the dealer I had used in the passed (that had also goofed up a simple oil change!)
1	The worst hack job shop I have ever seen!I cannot say a single good thing about this shop. It is dirty, cluttered with junk and unprofessional beyond any belief!The owner Jesse talks to you like he is your friend there only to help you out and lies to your face. I brought my car in for a small valve cover oil leak with 3/4 of a tank of fuel and had the oil changed with mileage noted before I dropped it off. I came back and the it was out of gas and I asked i people were driving the car since here were wrappers in the floor from fast food and he assured me no cars leave except for test drives. It was over 200 miles of test driving with fast food for a couple people for days.Then I find out from Jesse that he doesn't actually replace gaskets but instead just makes a silicone mess and calls this good!Somehow my car ran great when it ant there and came back with a slight engine knock too!RUN AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
