3	This store seems like an ex-Lucky with an interesting remodel...Everything is strangely placed and it is so hard to find something in this store, the cheese aisle is the same as the frozen foods, the hot dogs are nowhere near the Polish sausages, ground beef isn't near the other meat, buns can't be found near the bakery, it is so strange...The magazines are in an odd place, well you get the picture...The parking lot is difficult to get out of, you can't make a left onto Maryland or Silverado Ranch, there are dividers.  This Albertsons is also next to a defunct Sav-On, and there is also an empty lot in between the Albertsons and 24-hr Fitness, I guess the developers were dreaming for a large tenant, lol...There's also an Albertsons gas station, but its high...
4	The four stars are entirely for the overnight manager.I can't recall the guy's name, but he just oozes Vegas.  He has glasses, a beard and wears a chain necklace.  Says things upon checkout like, "you want chips not crumbs" to himself when he's bagging up your items.  He also tells me to be careful out there with "all the drunks on the road." I love this guy.  All Albertson's stores (and pretty much any supermarket) are mostly the same.  I go for the people.
3	This Albertsons is one of the smaller, my neighborhood-type Albertsons in town.  It takes care of business and has all your favorite brands and some decent pricing.  I have to admit that with Smith's across the street and a Trader Joe's and Neighborhood Wal-mart within a mile radius that Albertsons doesn't get the majority of my business.  Alas, if Albertsons is your place to shop you will be happy with this location.
2	iv'e been to this Albertsons many of  times and they have the worst selection of meat i ever seen  no skirt steak, no flank steak, no good sirloin steak,  no plate beef, no chuck hamburg, but everything else is ok.
5	Despite the Ghetto location and bums that are outside at all hours, this place is GREAT! It is located right near the Las Vegas Country Club, so I can walk if I dont mind getting shot or stabbed on the way. The staff is always nice and they don't smash my bread. There is actually a live security guard at all hours of the day... Not that she looks very scary. But maybe she is seriously packing?Obviously not as cheap as Wal-mart, Target or smiths, but the prices arent bad at 2 in the morning when I dont feel like driving the extra 3 miles after work. My only complaint is please stop locking up the shampoo. Wtf is that? Lock the wine. Not the soap.
5	This is where I do 70% of my grocery shopping.  There is something to be said for a store where the staff knows your name and greets you and genuinely want to make sure that you found everything that you needed.  I wish that the prices were not so high, but I love the atmosphere of this store.
4	Best fried chicken for $4.99. The fact that it is cheap is not what makes it delicious. It is the fact that it is delicious and is so cheap. Forget about going to KFC, Church's, Popeye's, because I can come here for eight pieces of mixed chicken for this ridiculous price. Going on a picnic, come to Albertson's beforehand and get a full meal for less than $8. With the family meal, you get a side and Hawaiian sweet rolls. In the end, I tend to be happier eating this chicken then going to a restaurant and leaving unhappy with the quality.
3	This seems to be just an average American supermarket.  Standard brands, fare, and prices.  I wish it wasn't so average though.  Living in the Southwest, I would expect better Hispanic food items.  Albertsons along with every other major chain in the valley fails to deliver this.  I don't know why, but fresh chorizo and chile are impossible to find in Vegas unless you go to a Mexican supermarket.  In Arizona, and California, these items are commonplace.  This aside, I still shop here with a Wal Mart and Smith's nearby.  Tip:  Be sure to check expiration dates on many items.  A lot of items in the front of displays have very close expiration dates.
4	This Albertson's Supermarket is literally 3 blocks from my house so I visit quite frequently.  Pros:*Friendly staff!!  They always ask if you need assistance finding things.  I have dealt with the deli and bakery departments the most and they are always knowledgeable and courteous!*Produce is always fresh and comes with a guarantee.*WINE Sales!!  They always have wine on the discount rack or $3-$5 off the regular price with your Albertson's card*Buy one get one free mix and match meats*Clean store*Great chicken wing bar!Cons:*Slightly pricier than most grocery stores*Pies from the bakery are not always fresh baked and I have unknowingly purchased a frozen one before*They could use a better selection of gourmet cheesesOverall I'm a Fan!
3	Ok I first have to say this store is very small. Second is that USA GASOLINE took over ALBERTSONS EXPRESS. I like this albertsons because its never busy and  it's better then walmart. I just wish they never closed down albertsons express
4	this store has a lot of gourmet items in it compared to the one I usually go to and they have a Starbucks inside. The store was very clean and well stocked. The workers were nice as well
4	This is a really nice Albertsons. It's clean, it looks fairly new, seems to be well organized and well maintained. There's a Starbucks inside and a Goodwill Select (I'm not sure what that is, I haven't ventured in yet, but it looks interesting, like it has just a small selection of things [maybe the nicer things] from a regular Goodwill).The northern entrance is kind of weird; there's a little cart door that you have to push your cart through and then you walk through one of those gate things that has the circular metal bar (like at the entrance of Disneyland). I don't know what the purpose of it is, but if you use that entrance, don't put your toddler in the cart's seat until after going through that- there isn't room for them to go through the cart gate. Other than the weird cart thing on the northern entrance, I really like this albertsons. I come to this location because it's close to my son's school. The Albertsons near my home looks pretty darn shady compared to this location.
4	It's a battle of the grocery stores. Don't need a members card for the deals, since they'll have it set at the sale price. Staff are always friendly and seem like a family. Jill at deli was very nice.
4	What great service by Vance at the Deli meat dept.! He gave me slices of deli for me to try  before I purchase. At the register April was excellent as well she asked if I had coupons for the eggs since I don't she used a coupon so I can take advantage of the sale. She was friendly and still kept the line moving.
3	This Albertsons (or Krogers if your from my neck of the woods) is typically clean with fast and friendly workers.  This place is never seems busy and always stays fully stocked.  The checkout here is usually very fast.The Produce selection is great and usually stocked with fresh selections.  Only a few times I've been let down by the choice of Jalapenos or peppers.The Meat department is great.  I've gotten some choice Fillet Mignon here that was excellent.  One time I got some Ribeyes and cooked them with some Weber steak seasoning for me and my Mom and she said is was the best steak she ever had.  Make sure you get it from the butchers table and not the prepackage deal.They have a wing station setup right where you enter that has a good selection of wings for far less than any wing restaurant but just as good.  Sometimes I'll get 3 chicken strips because they are really good.The only drawback is that sometimes the products here are significantly more expensive than Wal Mart.  But sometimes its worth it not to have to deal with the long lines and crowd.
2	This store is too expensive They really get you on those buy one get one on the meats33$ for pork ribs I mean really??? You are paying more for meats with those buy one get ones and we just don't realize it because all we see is buy one get one and automatically think it's a good deal
