5	I feel a little weird about reviewing an Optometrist, but I also feel the need to pay a compliment where due. First, I have to say that I rarely go to the Optometrist. I have never worn glasses, so I haven't felt the need to go regularly. I decided it was time (it had been years) and ended up picking Insight based on proximity and because they offer reasonable rates for those of us without insurance. The office was clean, and the staff were very friendly. I often find that in medical offices the staff seem irritated when dealing with the public, not so in this place, I was instantly at ease. Dr. Steed was extremely nice and very knowledgeable. The office had modern equipment, which was also clean. I did find out that I have a slight prescription now that I am older, but he actually recommended not getting anything for it as I have not yet noticed any issues. It was so refreshing not to get a sales pitch for something I didn't need yet.For sparing me the sales pitch, I thought I'd be nice and hopefully send him some more business via Yelp review. I definitely recommend this place!
5	Beautiful office!  The staff was friendly and helpful, and the doctor was excellent. I got my first pair of glasses very quickly, and I absolutely love them.  I would recommend everyone to give them a try!  Thanks again.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Steed's for over 10 years and have always been impressed with the thoroughness of his eye exams. A couple of years ago after having eye surgery, an ophthalmologist fitted me for contacts and after a few months of not being able to see and bouncing off walls, I went back to Dr. Steed and he fixed the problem. I am a Physician Assistant and have to be able to see fine details etc. and he has always made that possible. The office staff is always friendly, courteous and efficient. I love the level of technology used in the office and that I can make my appointments on-line. I highly recommend Insight Eyecare and trust them with my eye care as well as my patients.
5	Great place!  The staff was very friendly and helped me get in and out in a quick and efficient manner. They accept VSP, so I was able to get my contacts for super cheap. I'm definitely putting this place as my primary optometrist.
5	My husband and I have gone to Dr. Steed for 7 years and he is great.  The office staff is helpful and efficient.  Dr. Steed has the latest equipment and is very reasonably priced.  They have a great range of eyeglass frames. Shannon is very knowledgeable about frames and always willing to adjust your glasses if you drop in.
5	The staff at Insight Eyecare are professional, friendly and informative. Dr. Steed explained every procedure and prognoses. Jennifer and the two Lisa's could not have been more helpful. They have a wide range of eye glass frames as well as lenses to choose from. I highly recommend the services at Insight Eyecare.
5	Very impressed from the minute I walked in. Wonderful friendly staff.  This is the first time I have ever had anyone find a good enough prescription for me to see 20/15. So thankful the Dr has a vast knowledge of all the various lenses out there on the market. I'm an extremely happy camper!!!
5	My wife and I have being Dr. Steed's patients for over 10 years.  He is extremely knowledgeable, professional, and friendly. I would recommend and have recommended people to his office several times. His office is clean and modern.  My only critique is that as the practice has grown over the years, he has understandably had to delegate some responsibilities to his staff. In the early days of his practice, he would do everything, and because he is so personable I loved that. His staff is less friendly and less personable, but still pleasant.
5	My niece recommended Insight Eyecare years ago & I like Dr. Steed he's thorough and very nice.  The staff is courteous & the office is always clean & tidy.  I've never had to wait too long before being seen. Also they have a variety collections of designer wear glasses.  I would recommend it.
5	Easy to make appointments on line or calling in, no long waits for an appointment.  Appointments begin on time.  Dr Steed and staff - knowledgeable with great customer service.  Contacts and glasses come in within days of order.
4	Very close convenient location to where I live. All staff polite and professional they have a great selection of frames and people to assist you in finding the right pair for you. Dr. Steed was nice. Very to the point as soon as he comes into the room doesn't waste your time. Diagnosed my issues right away and had my prescription right away. Will more than likely make this my primary eye doctor. Only negative is my copay was a little high compared to other offices I have been to. Not sure if that's cause of them or my insurance but not that big of a deal.
5	Dr. Steed is very knowledgeable and professional. The staff was friendly. I received a thorough eye exam and I am very pleased with their services.
3	I have been going to Dr. Steed for about 5 years, and there was always some kind of problem.The first time I went there he did a contact fitting and didn't inform me that there was going to be a separate charge, which was fine but it was very annoying to be hit with a charge that I wasn't expecting. Last year I had an appointment in April for contacts. Then in September I needed to order some more contacts and they told me that I had to have a full exam before I could get new contacts. I explained to Jennifer that I had just had an appt in April and she said that they had no record of it. I wasnt going to argue with her so I did the exam. The next month I wanted to get glasses and they also informed me that my contact prescription was 2 years old. At this point I'm so angry because this is the second time I was told this and I JUST had an appt a month prior. I spoke with Dr. Steed and basically he said that I didn't have those appts. The staff there were all very nice except for Jennifer she was very rude and talked down to me. I'm not happy with all the problems that kept coming up. I have found a new eye dr that I love!
5	I was so impressed with this office. I made an appointment with Jen and she was so kind and accommodating! Dr. Steed was super thorough and listened to my concerns with my chronic cornea ulcer and it was so comforting to be meeting with a doctor that knew his stuff! After my exam I met with Mark who helped me find the perfect pair of glasses. It was so awesome to have someone helping me that had style and could point me in the right direction!! I have been so pleased and happy with everyone here!! Recommend it 100%
5	This is where my son gets his glasses from. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The wait time wasn't too bad either. In fact, last time we were there we were in and out.
5	I am a new patient to this clinic and let me just say my experience was very good. Everyone had a smile and were so polite and nice! The doctor is awesome as well he made conversation and was so nice. It's refreshing to go to a clinic and be treated so well. I have had many eye exams before and let me just say that they took the time and patience to check out my eyes correctly I've never had some of the things done to me there in other clinics it just seemed like they actually care. I would definitely recommend this clinic to everyone the great staff and great doctor by far.
