5	I didn't even know that this place had a name. I just thought it was a part of Greenland. Years ago, my friend Takeichi and I used to come here everyday. Back then the manager knew us by name and didn't even have to ask us what we wanted to order. I think the place has a new owner now, but it's still pretty good.Restaurants like this are a rare treat. I'll explain why: (Here comes one of my typical rants/history lessons) As many of my friends already know, I used to be a part of a very powerful agency dedicated to fight discrimination towards Asian-Americans. Most of my days revolved around getting our lawyers to file claims against employers, business owners, schools and any person place or thing that may have done something discriminatory against one of our Asian-American clients. I was well educated in the history of Asian immigration around the world, therefore I tend to know a little about the subject. The Chinese first arrived in Korea back when there was no South and North(1800s). Even when Korea became a part of the Japanese empire, they still were allowed to immigrate but were met with much discrimination. The Japanese removed anything that resembled Chinese culture, and passed laws which made even speaking a Chinese language in public illegal. When Japan was finally defeated by General MacArthur in WW2, the population of the Chinese-Koreans had already fallen dramatically due to a variety of unfortunate reasons.  In the 1960s, the President of South Korea passed a series of unfair laws which taxed Chinese business owners for no reason besides for being born the wrong ethnicity. Today there are only about 700,000 Chinese-Koreans in the world. They mostly reside in cities like Seoul and Incheon where people tell me it is literally impossible to tell the difference between a true ethnic-Korean and a Chinese-Korean due to generations of mixing. The moral of my story is: Just running into a person who is Chinese-Korean is extremely rare. If you can find a Chinese-Korean restaurant, do not miss the opportunity to eat there. They are extremely hard to find and the cuisine of Chinese-Korea is very much different from both Mainland Chinese cuisine and Korean cuisine. There really is nothing like it in the world. There might be no doubt that this place has the best Chinese-Korean noodles in Las Vegas. Sure, you can go to California and find a place that tastes better(ex-Peking Gourmet in Garden Grove), but this is the absolute best you will find in Las Vegas. In fact ,I think they might only have 3 Chinese-Korean places in all of Clark County.You gotta get the Zha jjiang mian aka jajangmyeon.  That dish itself is the most famous Chinese-Korean dish. Did you know that  in South Korea, they actually dedicated a holiday and celebration to the Gonghwachun restaurant in Incheon because they were the very first restaurant to serve this dish over 100 years ago? They like it that much over there.If you like spicy foods, then the Jjamppong is for you. It is very unique. It's almost like eating Seafood Udon, Spicy Ramen, Thai food, and Chinese seafood soup all at once.   This place is located in the food court of Greenland market.  That means you gotta go inside the supermarket to get here. Many of my friends have drove by and  told me that they couldn't find this place...and that was because they didn't physically go into the market. You can't drive in here, you gotta walk in....This restaurant also constantly runs those $5.00 deals. What I don't get is why East-Asian Market food courts never have fountain drinks. You gotta buy a can of soda, and there is a central water dispensing machine.  The Japanese market chain Mitsuwa has the same problem(Vegas residents are like "what the F*ck is Mitsuwa?").My old friend Takeichi who I used to come here with got a very high paying job in South Korea, and I haven't seen him in over 2 years.  He constantly writes me from South Korea and tells me that the jajangmyeong in America is surprisingly much better than the stuff they have in S. Korea. He also says that the stuff in S. Korea gives him sonic diarrhea. The funniest(and even sad) thing about these Chinese-Korean restaurants is that I constantly read reviews from 100% ethnic Chinese people who say things like "this crap ain't Chinese food! It's those damn Koreans trying to impersonate us".... I blame the American education system. They spend a whole month teaching us about Black and Latino culture, but they only have one day dedicated to Asian immigration and they even combine that with Polynesian and Micronesian history day.I truly recommend anyone who has never had Chinese-Korean food to try this place. You'll like it a lot.
2	Just plain jane nothing special on the Jampbong and Jajangmyun.  Gampoongi and tangsuyuk were so so.  The beef gampoongi had a weird after taste which I could not figure out, but then I wondered why am I trying to figure out a weird after taste.All in all nothing special.  Most of the cooks in the food court are latino so I'm sure the food may be biased towards their local tastes.Big MeH
4	Is it Chapaghetti or Bakrihyang? I dunno, but it seems like there's a new owner and a new menu structure that can lead to some cheap and big portioned eats. This isn't Korean, and this isn't Chinese it's Korean-Chinese so even recognizable dishes like sweet and sour pork, isn't made like Chinese restaurants would but a fusion of influences from both. This was something I found growing up in LA, but hard pressed to find in Vegas...I think theres only one other that serves this cuisine even. I enjoy this type of food and want to try more of it.I normally get jajangmyeon. I'm no expert, but I enjoy this dish. I've had it at a few restaurants and some places have a stronger, deeper taste (more bean paste perhaps), but this one is pleasant none the less. It's $4.99 a big bowl so it makes for a cheap and filling lunch. Theres always a lot zucchini, potatoes and onions and little bits of pork belly in it. They serve some yellow pickled radish, raw onions and bean paste on the side. The raw onions sort've trip me out a bit, but if you dip it in the paste it kinda makes sense. Still I normally can only bite one or two before I stop for I fear of having a aura of smell after lunch. They do these combos now where you can get a jajanmyeon or jambbong plus a crispy garlic chicken, sweet and sour pork, etc for $9-10. It's like having two entrees for the price of one. I ordered once and had a lot of left overs.The other entree doesn't come with rice, but if you order a side then it made for one whole other meal. There's a few other items on the menu, but I normally do one or the other as they are the best value. Convenient close to my work, cheap, filling and comes out fast. What's not to like? This is a common spot for my lunch breaks. Yes, I've had better, but driving to LA on my lunchbreak isn't happening.
1	I came here the other week because I've been craving jjajangmyun only to find that they're no longer in business. My heart broke and I became lost.
