5	Very clean workout and locker (unisex) facilities.  TV has lots of channels.  Stair machine was nice and challenging, and gave me a great workout.  Went on Sat moning a week ago and some of the equipment was unavailable because of a class but went back the next night and got to work on some of those machines.  Next door was a barber shop called "Phoenix Sons" (lol) that went out of business.
2	Clean, has all the equipment u need.  Open 24/7 which is their claim to fame.  However membership is overpriced and rates are inconsistent between other locations due to individual owners.  I've called other locations and every one of them has different rates while this particular gym (south mountain) only offers contracts 12 or 18 months with ridiculous monthly prices and won't budge to work with customers.  members are at the mercy of their respective anytime gym locations when it comes to how much they are charged to exercise.  The should be called "ANYPRICE FITNESS" since they can charge whatever rate they want"  also the manager said as soon as they hit X number of members, rates are gonna go up.  ridiculous.  Better off signing with 24hr fitness
1	Anytime is always cryptic with their pricing and make you go in for a quote. I was quoted $35/mo and considering the facility's size and amenities ( or lack thereof) and the local competition within 10mi, it is completely overpriced and not worth it.
4	Great place to workout not overcrowded which means you can use the equipment that's what we pay for not to look at other people workout
5	Nice gym, lots of equipment and members that are serious about working out. Shower and bathroom facilities were nice and really clean! Remember, you get what you pay for!
5	Really nice club! Their functional training area and TRX setup is awesome! Plus the class room is one of the biggest I've ever seen at an Anytime Fitness club. Free weights and cardio are well stocked. The inspirational quotes are walls are great and can help give that extra push during a workout. Keep up the good work guys!
