2	I was at the dollar store when approached by some kid that was dressed nice and pushy wanting me to have pictures taken. It was only $10 so I said why not. He scheduled an appointment for the next Saturday at the store I was shopping at. Kind of odd cuz I didn't know there was a portrait studio hidden in the store. Haha. So I spent the next 5 days preparing for the pictures. made my 4 boys get haircuts and bought us all new shirts. We showed up at our assigned time and asked a store employee where the picture place was and they pointed towards the back of the store. We looked all over but still couldn't find it. Well come to find out the picture studio was a traveling set up which was taking pictures in the fricken bathroom of the dirty dollar store.  OMG!  After a 30 min wait it was our turn so we picked a background and paid another $6 for the sitting fee. The camera guy, notice I didn't say photographer, was nothing more then a young kid with a cheap camera who was probably promoted from the position of the person  that originally approached me for having the most sales the month before. After we were done he assigned us an appointment in 3 weeks to pick up our photos. I showed up on the day and time scheduled and no1 was there from the photo place and none of the dollar store employees knew what I was talking about. They must have thought I was some crazy lady askig about pictures taken in the bathroom. I called the phone number listed on the paper I had but only got voicemail.  I was mad. The next day I get a call from the pic place telling me I was supposed to be there to pick up the photos.  To skip to the point ... I met with a person who wanted to charge me five hundred dollars for some stupid picture pacakge. I took my photos and got the hell out of there before someone else tried to scam me into something rediculious.
1	Last girl was too nice by giving them 2 stars. I was approached by a young man also, really nice not so pushy. Made the appt and met with the camera guy at the store I ran into them at (Bashas)The guy wasnt all that friendly... felt rushed the whole time. Finally went to pick up photos at grocery store.   Same experience if not worse than last reviewers experience.  I was ambushed with not one girl, but two.   They made sure to have me in between where they were seated.   Right away they praised all the pictures, while I was thinking each time a new picture came out 'Oh my gosh they suck'They then tried to sell me a $500 package. I told them right away..... "I'm not happy with these pictures, I'm just gonna take the little package I paid for"They asked why.  I explained that the quality was poor..... And it was.   They looked like they were taken with a toss away camera and printed at home. I asked how much for the one photo of my son by himself because it wasn't included in the pre-paid package.   They said that they can't do that.... Because they only sell in packages.  ????They tried bringing the price down by a $100 then a bit more.   I kept telling them, No and that I want happy with it.   They kept trying to brainwash me into thinking they are the best quality out there and they are really good.   They said they didn't understand and that the pictures aren't blurry.  I told them i didn't think they were blurry.   They are bad quality.   There's a difference.   They had grains in them.   They then brought it down to almost everything they offered with only $300.I finally just had to let them know. .. That I wasnt looking for a better deal.   I don't have a problem with spending money on awesome photos.  But they weren't worth$100I have taken better photos on my camera and printed them out at Walmart and the pictures were phenomenal. I said 'please just let me have the photos that I paid for so that I can go'
1	The worst photo studio I have ever been too. They treat you so rude and they are always late. They have no sense of time. Will never recommend this place for anyone. So fucking bad!!
