4	Delicious, fast, and friendly. I walk down the street from my office at least a couple of times a month for a BLT and potato salad.
5	Discovered this place delightfully by accident. My first order was a an egg salad sandwich and it was wonderful, just the right amount of mayo and seasonings and definitely homemade. The macaroni salad was ok but nothing to write home about. My second order (today) was a hot roast beef sandwich with bbq sauce and potato salad. The salad was yummy and really good! just the right amount of mayo and not too mustard-y. The sandwich was REALLY DELICIOUS and the roll they used was nice and soft.I chose to pick up my order this time and had a bit of an issue finding it as they are really tucked away in the airpark and not super visible from the road. Their place is really only for pick ups or delivery but I was super impressed with how clean it was. When you walk in, you see a pick up window to the left and a view into the kitchen and everything seemed really organized and tidy. The staff here is very friendly and the food and prices are excellent. A nice change from the blahs of fast food or chain restaurants in the airpark :)
5	Ordered from this place for the first time after discovering them on GrubHub and being completely famished. Pregnancy cravings demanded that I find a place that offered meatball subs. Finances dictated that it be cheap and preferably free delivery.GrubHub delivered with lightening speed and extra pickles 10 minutes BEFORE the earliest point in the expected delivery bracket. Love their whole wheat hoagie choice as well!!!!!! 5 stars blazing!
1	Ordered from this place and they took 40 minutes past the later time given in the estimate. That is just unacceptable. They didn't even apologize when I called them to ask if my order was coming.
4	I ordered online today for the first time and I gotta say, not the best but really not bad.The ordering was quick and easy - and basic -don't expect this to be a fancy lunch or anything. The prices are right and the delivery is quick and extremely friendly. I ordered the half sandwich with a large soup, pickles on the side and 2 cookies. For $10 I got what I wanted for lunch and it was pretty good. The soup today was chicken noodle and it wasn't the best I have had but I am REALLY spoiled by boyfriends mom's soup so most places can't impress me. The sandwich was actually really big for a half. I can be picky about how people put my sandwiches together but they did a good job - enough meat cheese and mayo for my liking.Overall, I would order from here again just because of how nice they are and how cheap they are.
5	I really like this place. The free delivery is pretty awesome and I think the food is nice and fresh. I really like the people as well. They are friendly and very accomadating. They deliver to my office in a timely matter and they have met all my expectations. Reasonable pricing and yummy food!!
5	I've seen Lunch Room pop up in my Yelp search results for a few years now but never tried it. Sandwiches are pretty much my favorite foods, so I'm always like, "Yelp, where's the good sandwiches at." These guys would pop up with no/very few reviews so I never made it around to visit...until today!Today I was in one of those, "I'm not sure if it's breakfast time or lunch time," moods, so I got an egg salad sandwich lunch combo on marble rye. Their egg salad is made with regular mayo (not Miracle Whip, I checked), the marble rye is thick sliced and fluffy, soft and delicious, and then it also comes with lettuce, tomato, and mayo if you want. It's a yummy, traditional egg salad!The prices are very fair at around $6 for a sandwich and $7 for a combo. The next time I go, I'm going to try a macaroni or potato salad side instead of chips and a pickle (not that they were bad, just normal store bought stuff). The places is really set up for delivery or carry out as their slogan is "You Ring...We Bring!" but they do have 3 or 4 small tables set up so I don't think they'll get too mad at you if you want to eat there. These guys do cater so you can have sandwiches delivered to your lunch meeting and get your business on without leaving the office.
5	So happy to find this little sandwich shop so close to my work! It may be more of a 41/2 star rating but I couldn't do that and it was more than a 4. The first time I ordered the egg salad sandwich on marble rye and it was very good. Second time I got a tuna salad plate. I ordered chicken but the tuna was good so no complaints :) The menu here is short but has all the basics. It wasn't hard for me to find several things I would eat here. If there was a spinach salad I would be even happier but, alas, there is not. The salad i got (which had romaine, carrots, cucumbers, radishes, and half an egg) still beats most fast food salads--very fresh, prepared on the spot, and even comes with a side for under $7. Not bad at all. the fruit cup would've been better if it was fresh fruit instead of canned but I would've been just as happy just getting the salad for that price so no big deal.The little lady that works here is extremely nice and wastes no time in getting your order ready. I'm guessing the one reviewer that had a complaint on time maybe ordered hers online which can sometimes be problematic with a small shop. I called mine in and picked it up and it was ready in 5 minutes both times.
