2	COOL:- Plenty of seating.- Plenty of power.- Full of activity.- Free wifi if you have AT&T Wireless at home.UNCOOL:- Long lines.- No breakfast sandwiches.- Bathroom requires a key?  I guess that's typical Starbucks.
3	Not my favorite coffee chain by any means. Is it just me or do all Starbuck coffees taste burnt and bitter? No matter how trendy, cool and upscale their establishments are I can't get around the yicky tasting bitterness of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting a bean...Maybe something has changed with their regular coffee but I have not drank it in about a year. And I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff. Still I'll give the establishment tres estrellas for the espresso which is acceptable and doesn't taste half as bad as the regular coffee bean.
4	i'm a big starbucks lover. i know it's overpriced and there's coffee that's just as good or better at small mom-and-pop coffee shops for half the price. i know i know. but i know my favorite drinks here and i can't help but be addicted.anyway, i had a class in oakland that i had to be in the area for from 8:30-3. so needless to say, during lunch, i needed some coffee.i walked down to the starbucks and waited in line for a little while to order. not long, i'd say probably average for lunchtime. the cashier was nice and seemed very knowledgeable.but then i had to wait kind of a while for my drink because they were backed up. probably not their fault, but if it's that backed up on a sunday at 12:30, i'll let you predict the rest of the week.anyway, while i was waiting i browsed the mugs, instant coffee, etc. etc. for sale. ended up buying a travel mug because i couldn't find mine and this one was on sale for just $6something.so i finally got my coffee and all was good (and delicious.. skinny pumpkin spice latte with an extra espresso shot anyone?!)
3	You get a free birthday drank if you sign up for it a bit ahead of your birthday! It's pretty awesome. But this is your average run of the mill Starbucks. Nothing special!
4	Friendly baristas, and the line usually moves pretty fast. Clean interior with plenty of spaces to sit alone or with a group. Nice cozy chairs positioned in front of the roaring fireplace during the winter. I'm ambivalent about Starbucks coffee, but since they have a loyalty program and they're everywhere, it's what I usually drink when I buy coffee.
3	The lines will be long in the morning. There is always a rush, but the employees move fast and are efficient. You will not have to wait long for whatever liquid treat you are waiting for. I enjoy the comfortable chairs and table, and in the winter who doesn't love their fireplace. I love coming here to drink my favorite iced black tea lemonade with it half sweetened (if someone wants to get me one sometime...lol), and chatting with friends after work. There is a bus stop right in front of the store so I can then pop right on the bus and get to Squirrel Hill. It is great.
5	Fact: working with people who haven't had coffee is the worst.Fact: college students are the worst.FACT: despite dealing with these two types of people the employees at this location are unfailingly cheerful and polite and helpful and I have absolutely no idea what kind of drugs are in the water to make it so.
3	Great location for a Starbucks!  Right in the middle of Oakland!  When I went, this location was packed, I barely was able to find a seat---I know this is probably common in a college town.  Despite the crowd, the barristers were positive and efficient.  The lone line moved quickly and my drink was prepared correctly.  The crowd of people is quite the mix.  Everything from students to hospital workers to homeless people.  Two draw backs to this location:  They did not have any outdoor seating and do not allow e-cigarette.  Parking is also a nightmare! Overall, a good Starbucks!
5	Typically a long line when i seem to stopBy. Overall they make my beverage well. If they dont, they fix it and give me a voucher.  Sometimes it is hard to find a table at this location. The staff is pleasant and professional.
4	A basic Starbucks. Nothing too flashy, but it's always clean and the baristas are friendly. It's usually totally packed so it's pretty noisy, but the line moves fast. Great location.
