2	There's no guarantee that spray foam will adequately insulate your home.  I had it done by this company but still noticed that my rooms are colder than the rest of my house.  Also, the noise reduction isn't that significant.  You're better off using a cheaper means of insulation.  The service was average.  They were late and seemed rush.  They don't provide a detailed invoice of the breakdown of how they calculate the cost so you have to take it upon faith that you're paying a good competitive price.
1	While the sales pitch and proposal process was fine, it was everything that occurred after the initial appointment, that was terrible.  I had to call no less than three times to get my service scheduled, each time with a promise they would get back to me and nothing.  The sales representative said we would be scheduled within a week on February 22nd and that turned into three weeks and when I finally called the last time to cancel the project altogether, it was, oh, we have a cancellation, we can come the day after tomorrow.  How long would it have been if there was no cancellation?  Next were the installers that were absolutely horrible, and one, if not both, should be terminated based on their attitude and extremely poor work ethic.  They neglected to accomplish anything close to what the sales person told me they would, even stating that sales people always promise the world.  I vividly recall the sales rep stating that RetroFoam would put everything back as it was found, that is all I really wanted.  Not only did my 68-year old mother-in-law have to continuously remind them to move the furniture back in place, she had to take photos of the television and A/V components so your installers could put it back together again.  Even then, one installer argued with her about what they are accountable for doing.  She spent over an hour cleaning up and replacing things where they were supposed to be, and that was just on inside of the house, not just the slight product run-off you spoke of.  When I arrived home that evening, I had to call again as they completely dismantled two sheds and left the pieces of the sheds and all the shed contents laying all over my backyard.  They left the touch up paint out and open, paint brushes laying around, spilled paint, food and beverage containers from their lunch, and all of which where my dog could get at it.  Not to mention, again, all of the shed contents everywhere and a ridiculous amount of foam in my pool.  How does that happen?  It was so ridiculous that I thought your guys were coming back the next day because they were unable to finish, it was in that much of a disarray.  While you sent the installers back out the next day, after yet another phone call to you, they corrected MAYBE 50% of what they left laying around and successfully damaged one of the sheds enough to where it doesn't close anymore, a $349 unit.  Additionally, as a result of the install, our home phone service stopped working.  It seems your product got into the phone jacks causing replacement jacks to be required.  This took my time to contact Cox Communications and to be home for them to come and trouble shoot and replace the issues, a $150 fee for this matter.  Let alone the issue of not having home phone service for a week.  Sure, I could have called you about this, but I didn't want anyone from your company back on my property after these experiences.  We will be discouraging anyone from this company and their services.
5	I had this company install foam in the ceiling of 4 downstairs units in a 28 unit apartment complex in Tucson (for soundproofing purposes).  The installers were on-time and completed the job in 1 day as they advertised.  The noise reduction was significant.  My tenants are very happy with this sound proofing.The installers were very professional and clean.  They covered everything with plastic, cleaned up and put the furniture back in place.  They also put the drywall plugs back into the ceiling very meticulously and the same way I or my handyman would.  I am very happy with RetroFoam of AZ and plan to call them back for additional soundproofing in my apartment complex!
1	I strongly discourage anyone from doing business with this company for the following reasons:1) They use the high pressure sales tactic: "If you buy in the next 72 hours, the price is $x. If you wait until after the 72 hours, the price will go up by a factor of 3xs."  Seriously, who wants to deal with this sort of sales manipulation. Any legitimate company should offer the best price up front. No haggling required.2) Price: Their prices are roughly 3-4 times what the competitors offer.  I got a quote from RetroFoam for almost $10k.  I received 3 competitor bids for the same exact service for $2k.   Save yourself a LOT of money and go to homeadvisor.com and get quotes from other vendors.3) Dishonest: They GREATLY exaggerated the square footage of the attic that needs to be insulated. They did this by measuring the OUTSIDE perimeter of my home.  I have a two story home and the attic does not cover the entire house.  Several rooms - including the garage- are not covered by the attic.  By measuring the outside perimeter of the house, they are able to inflate their prices.These guys are the predators of the foam insulation business. You can find plenty of other legitimate businesses by doing a little bit of research.  Save yourself a LOT of money and headaches and don't do business with these yokels!
1	Terrible company to deal with called them and the first contact was very polite scheduled and appointment and set up a time and date convent with us looked good.  Well they were a no show so called to reschedule spoke to someone else said oh its a empty building and 12x12 a art studio is that correct?  when i confirmed he said we can give you that price over the phone by end of  day.  I again confirmed they do work in Payson as advertised and they said oh sure we work anywhere in Arizona.     Well nothing no call back three days later I call back and nothing.  Finally get a call back again guarantee that they will get me a price right away.   Well now three weeks have drug by and I finally reach a guy who says they'll work in Payson but only if it;s a big job or they have several since they can't waste time so he says I'd have to charge you at least double?   I asked double what since the only estimate I had received based on square footage was $1200 as the top of the price mark.  so I asked if it would be double that and he said well more probably 1800 for that square footage (144 square foot building the size of a bedroom)  so it would be between 1800 and double that so somewhere in the 3600 dollar range so you don't want us right?  yeah right that's so overpriced its almost criminal.   The guy said yeah I don't blame you but we gotta make good use of our staff and equipment!  So if RetroFoam of Arizona  ever shows up or makes and appointment or even returns a call hold on because the price of 25 dollars per building square foot is almost equal to the construction cost of building a storage building or studio.   this company is horrible and wasted three weeks to give me a ridiculous quote after missing two appointments hire only at your own risk.
1	If I have to use one word to describe this company and its employees, it would be disappointing. I called for service, a tech/salesman showed up, and evaluated what my needs might have been. He then advised me that he was busy, would get back to me and provide a detailed written explanation of the complete cost for having my house done with retro foam. It is now been 5 weeks and I have heard nothing. I don't feel that it's my responsibility to have to follow up with a company for an estimate.  Obviously they don't want my business. I was planning on having my entire home done, walls and attic. Based on what I've heard the job would have been exceptionally expensive but worth it.  I guesss Paul & his crew are not interested in that.  Customer service is what makes and or breaks a business.  Without it, you're nothing.
