5	Decided to order from this place when they hand delivered very nice menus to our door. ORDERING PROCESS: Very good. While there's always a little difficulty speaking and being understood to non-native English speakers, the friendliness and eagerness of my order taker was excellent. I called (unknowingly) 5 minutes before closing, and offered to order elsewhere. He assured me it wasn't a problem and urged me to order anyway. DELIVERY SPEED: Very good. From the time I hung up the phone to the time it was at my door: 14 minutes. For those wondering, they do ask to see your card at the door. Make sure you have it ready.FOOD QUANTITY: Bountiful. I ordered the 6.99 order of orange chicken expecting one of the larger white take out containers that fold at the top - the traditional chinese food containters. I received a huge styrofoam clam shell container packed with orange chicken. They also included extra crab rangoons and it came with a medium-sized container of fried rice (egg). FOOD QUALITY: Decent. This food will not appeal to the culinary snobs, but it will fill you up with hot food that tastes decently good. Chicken: Orange sauce was good, not spicy and not saccharine sweet. Flavorful without being overpowering. Chicken breading was soft and fell off chicken often. Actual chicken pieces are good quality and good tasting meat.Fried Rice: The weak point of the meal. Rice lacks substantial flavor but includes egg, carrot, and perhaps the occasional rogue pea. Vegetable to rice density is very low. You'll likely have two bits of carrot and one pea to a box. Rice is moist, warm, and chewy with a slight nutty flavor. A touch of the orange sauce boosted the flavor and made it delicious.Crab Rangoon: Very thin. While most Cheapinese places serve puffy crab rangoons, these are paper thin and almost resemble a baked appearance instead of fried. Filling was plentiful and flavorful. PRICE: Total price was more than affordable. With spending 6.99 for a veritable banquet of food, you will be pleasantly surprised by the quality. They offer 3.99 Rice bowls featuring one serving of chicken over their rice. Perfect portion for lunch.
3	I retract my 5 star and give them 3. I went in and the restraint smells really wrong, and they charged me $9 for tofu fried rice.... I can't really give them more than two stars.
4	Hoooked! Just moved to this area and even though the Panda place opened today, I am only going mom/pops for chinese in my neighborhood. First, the cook is Chinese and only speaks that. That has got to say something for authenticity.I had the orange chicken: GreatMy friend had Sweet and Sour Pork: Loved itI had the egg drop soup: Freshest taste everEgg rolls: Very goodCrab puffs: Need more crab stuffDumplings: Steamed....sooooo delicious!Overall, great price $4.99 Lunch/about $6.99 for dinner specials.Delivery area is very broad, as far East as 24th St and only $1. Minimum order is $10, fairly easy to do. Definitely going back and my goal is to keep them in business!
3	The Lucky Kitchen is one of the only restaurants that delivers to my job, and for me that already makes it a winner. But we Yelpers don't care about that! So on to the food review.I've ordered from here twice and the delivery guy is really nice. The person on the phone is also really nice too and is pretty darn helpful when it comes to figuring out what you want (especially if you can't see the menu).I've had the egg rolls here and they are pretty good. Sometimes they are cooked a bit too much but it doesn't detract from the taste. The crab puffs are also pretty good but I wish they had more filling in them. The potstickers are fantastic! They aren't super squishy or super crunchy, they are a perfect mix of both with the bottom being more crunchy then the top. The filling is great and doesn't look questionable. I wish the dipping sauce for them was a bit more tart but I still like it. The sweet and sour sauce is pretty good.The only complaint I have is that if your order the Orange chicken (or any similar kind of dish) it is swimming in sauce. I'd prefer less sauce so the breading doesn't fall off so easy. However the chicken is good quality and so is the breading.All in all this is a good place but because of the sauce thing I'm going to stick with fried food. Their delivery is reasonable with a 10$ minimum and a 1$ delivery fee.
4	Awesome Chinese Food.. I love Lucky Kitchen Since the first time I walked in..excellent service,fantastic food and five stars Decorations.. They got crystal lights.what a good place to relax with friends.. I will rank this 7 out of 5 with my honest. Must come soon and often..
1	I would in no way recommend this restaurant to anybody.  I placed an order and clearly stated I could not have peanuts.  When I received my order, there were clearly peanuts in it.  When I called the restaurant and explained the situation, and asked to have my order replaced with something with no peanuts.  When the delivery person delivered my order, he tried to make me pay for the new order, stating I had eaten half of it.  According to what I know about customer service, which is a lot, if a customer is not satisfied with an order for any reason it is replaced or your money is refunded without question.  He took attitude with me, and when he left he slammed my door hard enough to make my apartment shake.  When I confronted him about slamming my door, he threatened me.  I will never order from there again.
4	Well this is the second time I have ordered from them in the same week so something is right! I am in love with Autumn Court however when I moved out of their delivery zone I started the search for another equally as good restaurant.  Earlier in the week my co worker and I ordered lunch from Lucky Kitchen and I was very very skeptical because I have driven pass the restaurant and it leaves a lot to be desired, anyway this is not a decor review. I ordered the cashew chicken combo and it was amazing! Egg Roll was perfect! Although the crab puff was a little light on the filling, I still found it very tasty not greasy at all...I will for sure be ordering again!
4	Great place!  The food is very tasty - it's just good as-you-want-it-to-be delivered Chinese food.  What I liked even more was the ability order the food online - very easy, very quick - and amazingly, the food was at my door in TWENTY MINUTES!  I live within a mile of the resaurant.  I needed something quick and easy and this was it.Also, one other reviewer mentioned how nice the delivery guy was...and he's very right...uber-friendly and polite.  Nice job Lucky Kitchen!
2	This place looks a little scuzzy. The food is way salty. I read one review on here about it being close to "east coast" Chinese food. But, I didn't think so. At least not Virginia Beach-style Chinese. The general tso's chicken was pretty gross. But, that is just my taste. Others may think it tastes good. It's just not what I'm used to. It has a dine-in area. It's not bad. Just a little "hole-in-the-wall." The staff was VERY friendly. Can't complain there. And, you can place an order online to pick it up. I placed an order over the phone for carry-out and it was ready within 10 minutes. But, I probably won't be back. Just not what I'm looking for in Chinese food. I'm still looking for that "east coast" flavor. :)
1	This was seriously the WORST food I have ever had.. BBQ pork was almost black and very dried out... Same complaint about the house fried rice. The Gen. tso chicken was slimy and flavorless. The rest of the order followed suit.  It took an hour and 15 mins to be delivered.  The absolute corker was the two small packets of yellow mustard for a rather large order. And yes, it was yellow mustard. Like you put on a hot dog. How do they stay in business??
4	Always enjoy the egg rolls. Egg drop soup are awesome. Kung pao chicken are good only with a couple of adjustment when ordering, easy sauce and same goes with sweet and sour chicken.
1	It is a sad, sad day for me to write my first bad review. Having just moved from Miami where cheap Chinese food is damn near impossible to find, I don't think my standards are THAT high for this type of "cuisine."My party of three went into the restaurant to order takeout S&S pork, sesame chicken, and pepper beef, with egg drop and miso soups, lo mein, fried and steamed rice, so I feel that I can say with some conviction that the food was universally awful, with the possible exception of the lo mein because it was edible. Everything was underflavored, oversalted, and just disappointing. I even took another Yelper's review into consideration and ordered easy on the sauce, but if I could go back in time and advise myself I'd ask for extra, because there might have been more flavor hiding somewhere in the dish.I would normally give an extra star for the lovely, polite, fast service, but I just can't in this case. I'm sorry Lucky Kitchen!
3	Great delivery service. They were kind and friendly. The sweet & sour chicken was tasty too!
2	Nothing to write home about, the chicken seems microwaved and the appetizers are meh. I've been there a few times, I live in the area and its really hard to find good Chinese food. If your looking for a quick oriental fix I'd say go for it.. otherwise look elsewhere.
5	I just ordered for delivery.  All I can say is, "WOW".  This is the most delicious food.  I highly recommend Lucky Kitchen.  Delivery Fast!  Delivered Hot and steaming!  I am very grateful I have found Lucky Kitchen!
4	I've ordered carry out and delivery from Lucky Kitchen about 5 times now... Awesome food, with great service. They deliver quickly, and the driver's always polite. When we go in to pick up our order, the staff is friendly and the place is very clean.
4	Holy cheap Chinese food, Batman!The lunch hour was totally impressive.  The menu and food arrived within about 5 minutes of each other, was quite tasty, and was amazingly priced.  Hard to get decent food for around $6 these days!
4	This was my second time eating here and it was great! Its a quiet "Mom and Pop" restaurant with great lunch special prices. The Egg Drop Soup is excellent and made fresh daily. Not a fancy place, but it's really clean. The service is excellent! The staff is extremely friendly and attentive to their their customers.Definitely coming back!!
4	Lucky is how I felt when I found Lucky Kitchen! As a Chinese food addict, I've struggled to find really good Chinese food in Phoenix and this restaurant offers exactly that! The staff is extremely friendly, welcoming, and offers excellent service. The restaurant itself could use a little remodeling inside, but they also offer delivery and pick up - So the food is really what it's all about! I highly recommend the Chicken Egg-Foo Young!
4	Fried rice and crab puffs are great!  Plenty of meat, but you can add more if you wish - just ask.  And they deliver to my area.  Hurray!
4	I like Lucky Kitchen. The food is as expected from your typical Chinese restaurant and the prices are average also.I have ordered numerous different items from them on multiple occasions and each time I have enjoyed my food, and the service.Their delivery is quite speedy, as is their wait time on to-go orders.However, I disagree with some yelpers that said the food was not very good for a Chinese restaurant. I am a Southern California native and have lived in SF for four years. As another yelper said, this might leave me spoiled. I might be spoiled, but I do know good Chinese food from bad, and this is certainly good Chinese food.I would definitely recommend Lucky Kitchen if you're looking for well priced, tasty Chinese food in uptown Phoenix.
3	Sokay? Sallright! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJiYZ6QIAtYIt *is* sallright. My husband dragged me to this place since it's a few small blocks from our little small new home in Phoenix, we were in the middle of our move and there was nothing to eat in the house, and they are one of the few places that deliver for a meager $2 - online through Eat 24: http://phoenix.eat24hours.com/lucky-kitchen/17730. For an in-person visit on a Saturday night, the place was empty, scrubbed and .. fine. Nothing to see here. . nothing special. But: clean and smelled like food, not anything not-like-food, which is a good sign. CLEAN IS GOOD.No fancy anything here, but food seems fresh and made the moment you order it, the way it should be in Chinese places - that's the point of Chinese food a lot of the time. We had potstickers (these were probably from a frozen premade source) and he had orange chicken - I had hot & sour soup (good!), rice and egg rolls (again, probably premade). But nothing was spoiled or old, or weirdly chewy (believe me, I've had some baaaad Chinese food and this wasn't it) and everything reasonably priced. I asked for Sriracha sauce since I am an addict but they have some other brand since I think most people don't ask for it, that's too bad. LONG LIVE THE ROOSTER is what I have to say to that.  Plus Sriracha is more of a Viet thing anyway, I suppose. Damn Americans putting ketchup on everything (ha). For delivery, when I ordered online (such a novelty for me, but such a time-saver) they were over in a flat 20 minutes with our entire order. Superfast! However, the cook did not cook the egg foo young the whole way through - blech. I had to microwave the patties the rest of the way. Uncooked egg is a major health risk - please be careful about that in the future. okay??But otherwise.. no problems considering our new tough urban area.  Good service and okay food. I have the feeling that they can sex up you food for you if you beg for it (i.e. extra chilies, extra garlic, ginger, more noodles,etc) for not too much trouble. Not for the gourmet but what the hell. do you want to eat or not?
2	Coming from NY, I may have pretty high expectations for Chinese food. However, I want to like this place. I've even gave it two shots, but both times I was left extremely disappointed. Lucky Kitchen does have a friendly staff, but their food completely misses the mark. We ordered sesame chicken, lo mein, dumplings, egg rolls and rice. We got super salty fried balls of something, soy sauce-soaked noodles, and a decent pair of (free) egg rolls. I'll be honest, the only good thing about our meal was that we ate it at home (the decor in this place is seriously lacking too). I really don't like leaving negative reviews, but I want to let everyone know that there are SO many better places to spend your money and actually ENJOY what you're putting in your mouth. Although this place is close to where I live, I will not be coming back.Overall, if you're in the mood for Chinese food, go elsewhere.
2	I hate doing bad reviews, seriously. I came in for take out and the servers were very pleasant. Let me get to the point that the food was horrible. I had the General Tso's pork  (which I was told it was really nice) being a culinary student myself I hate to talk badly about another's food.so I will say that I will give this place one more shot so please get better .
3	Not a bad place. Love the Crab Puffs and the Kung Pao Chicken is ok. The portions are very generous and my three star rate sums this place up, average.
4	After being sick for a few days, my boyfriend and I decided to order out. Using Yelp, I found Lucky Kitchen. After reading some of the reviews I decided to give it a try. The ordering process went smoothly, the gentleman on the phone was extremely helpful and told me it would be forty five minutes or less. I was a little put off by this, but less than twenty minutes later the delivery guy was at my door. I ordered the Sweet and Sour Pork and my boyfriend got the Szechwan Chicken, and both were really good. We also had the crab puffs, and I wish they had more filling, but dear lord they were good. I recommend this place.
3	I wanted some food delivered this evening.  And not pizza; I'm tired of pizza.I decided to see if I could find Asian food for delivery.  Extra points if I could order online.I went to Yelp to look for a place that A) had at least a three star rating 2) would deliver and III) allowed online ordering with credit card payment.The first choice (best rating, closest to me) said they didn't deliver to my address.  My second choice made a new (to me) use of the Internet.  Found the place with Yelp, but when I went to place an order I got handed off to a site called Eat24.  What they did was take the order, with pull down menus for all the options (like, what kind of rice would you like?) and took the credit card information (and presumably validated it) and then passed the order on to the restaurant.Quickie review follows.The Good:  Ordering through Eat24 was painless once I enabled Javascript.  It got delivered--I didn't have to go out on a cold and rainy night.  It was if not hot, at least warm.  There was plenty.  Enough for two people, or in my case, lunch tomorrow.  The veggies weren't overcooked.  The pot stickers were good.  It smelled good enough to get my cat's attention.The Bad:  Delivery took a bit over an hour.  It was expensive (at least compared to pizza).  Counting tax, delivery    fee, driver tip and a few extras (more water cress, more pork in the     garlic pork) it was over $30.  It was bland.  The hot sour soup was improved when I added some Apple Cider    vinegar.  If I had some white pepper, I'd have added it too.  The brown    garlic gravy had no detectable garlic flavor.The indifferent:  It came with a little packet that contained pouches of hot mustard and soy    sauce, a napkin, plastic knife and spoon and a fortune cookie.I think I'm still in the market for some other place.  I'd consider Lucky Kitchen again if they were a bit more inexpensive, but my reaction to the whole deal was "blah", and I'd want more than that for $30.
5	Great place...was served fast, staff was pleasant, and lunch food was wonderful...This is a huge turnaround from 2 years ago, when they were a buffet style place. Now it is menu driven food. Also the place is much cleaner and inviting inside.
1	On December 29, 2013, a Lucky Kitchen delivery driver nearly bit my head off over his tip. You see, I wanted to give him a $2 tip, but he apparently wanted $3. Here's how it went down: When my order arrived, I gave the driver exact change to cover my food. Then, I handed him a $5 bill and asked for three dollars back. Instead, the driver handed me $2, half-assed fumbled through his pockets, and said he didn't have another dollar on him. Calling his bluff, I gave the two dollars back to the driver and I took my five dollar bill back. The driver, who usually seems very friendly, became enraged and proceeded to yell, "So, you gonna leave me with nothing?! Over a dollar bill?! Really?!" I explained that his tip was $2 and that if he couldn't give me proper change, I wasn't giving him an extra dollar simply because he didn't have proper change. The driver stomped off yelling in his native tongue (probably calling me inappropriate names) and soon returned with enough money to give me the $3 I had requested. Once I calmed down, I called Lucky Star to complain about the driver's rude behaviour. The order-taker said the owner would be away for several months. However, the order-taker took my number and promised someone would call me back. I'm still waiting for that phone call. No wonder the driver felt so comfortable acting like a jackass... he knows he is not going to be held accountable for his actions. But that's okay, Lucky Kitchen will never get another dime from me.
1	I used to like this place and went there every couple of weeks or so, but they've gone cheap and removed all their customer services now in an apparent effort to save money: You have to go to the counter to get a menu, then go to the counter to order, food comes on styrofoam plates, you have to clean up your own table.  The food isn't any better and the service and experience is now much worse.  I'm definitely no longer a fan.  The food is good, but it's not not THAT good.  Heck, even Panda Express does better now!  Lost a customer with their cheapness.
5	Lucky kitchen may look like a dive on the outside but inside it is clean and the food is amazing, just as a real Chinese person would eat. Yummy. And the prices are unbeatable epically for the portion size.
5	I got a flier in the mail, and I love Chinese. Read some reviews and decided to try it myself. Got quite a bit for the price, estimated time of delivery was 55 minutes but arrived within 20. Good was hour and delicious. I recommend this place.
3	Fast delivery. Food was hot. Crab puffs were excellent. Beef egg foo yung was tasty albeit the gravy was a little bland. First time to try them. Will definitely order again. Forgot to ask for real Chinese mustard. Hope they do have it for next time. Very affordable. Good job.
2	This place is pretty average for a Chinese restaurants in Phoenix. From the outside it doesn't look like much, but when you go in the dining area itself is very nice. The hostess and other staff members were very welcoming. The food itself was nothing special. I had the Yu-chan chicken. The dish was very spicy - I nice surprise! The dish was okay, but I could tell that very poor ingredients were used in its making.When I originally called to place my order they notified me that it would be a 50 minutes for delivery. This was very surprising because my order only included 2 dishes and I live just 5 blocks away.... I was even more surprised when I went into pick up my order and found that I was the only person there. The driver must have already been out when I called. The menu doesn't seem to have anything enticing or unique to the restaurant. Even though it was an enjoyable dining experience, I do not see myself coming back here anytime soon. There are just so many other options in the area to try before I would give this place another try.
5	Being that I am originally from the east coast, Boston, to be exact, where really good authentic Chinese food exists, I am a very picky snobby critic regarding Chinese food.  This is my first experience at Lucky Kitchen and I am proud to announce that I am giving it 5 stars.  I enjoyed what I think is the best Wonton Soup in town.  Yes, Wonton Soup.  Very boring and plain Wonton Soup.  However, this soup was very rich in flavor.  The broth was a hearty seasoned broth and not bland at all.  The cabbage/lettuce was delicious and I am not a fan of cooked cabbage/lettuce.  The Wontons were small yet filling.  I also tried the Pork Fried Rice.  It reminded me of back east Pork Fried Rice.  The rice was not sticky at all.  It was fluffy and the grains were separate and firm to the bite.  Great flavor and a generous amount of pork.  I will return again for another visit and try something else, but usually when I try something new, I stick to the same thing all of the time.  Decor and restaurant interior here was very traditional Chinese Take Away, but the food made up for the boring, decor. I dined at a competitor's restaurant last week, China Chile, and they get 2 stars.  Lucky Kitchen is now my favorite Chinese Take Away in Phoenix.
1	Rude and unwilling to correct mistakes. The delivery guy was nice but dont bother asking for your sauces for the dishes you ordered. It's one thing to make a mistake - that happens. It's another thing to deny it and then fail to correct. I'll never have to argue with the woman in the phone that is in charge again.
5	the food was fast clean fresh tasty,house fried rice rocked ,delivery dude was kool . i would do it again
1	Being from NY, I have some high expectations for my Chinese fare. This place misses the mark...by a mile. The sesame chicken was essentially glazed pieces of fried something, the wonton soup was salt water, and the best thing was the egg roll which could have come from costco. I rarely give bad reviews, especially for places that I love so close to, but I can't get around this one.Overall, skip this place.
4	I used GrubHub for the first time getting lunch delivered to my work, also 1st time trying this place. Ordering was fantastically simple online, never even spoke with anyone, and my food was delivered in only 20 minutes exactly as I ordered it and super hot/fresh.I give this place an above average rating for what I ordered:1. House Noodle SoupThis was a good portion of noodles, cabbage, bok choy, chicken & pork strips, jumbo shrimp & misc shredded veggies. It was hot & fresh tasting but the broth was bland, so I added some soy sauce and the juice from my Kung-Pao Veggies and it was really good - without the Kung-Pao sauce I wouldn't have liked it though.2. Kung-Pao Vegetables, add extra mushrooms, medium spicy.This was delicious! I like spicy and this was perfect (I'm glad I didn't get extra spicy). Loaded & great veggie mix with broccoli, bok choy, carrots, snap peas, mushrooms, onion, bean sprouts, celery, red & green bell peppers, some other Asian veggies and whole peanuts drenched in spicy sauce. Exactly what I was craving and tasted fresh too.3. Jumbo shrimp fried rice (I upgraded my steamed rice that came with the veggies to this for $3)This was average fried rice with decent jumbo shrimp, average being good not great (like most places).Total bill with delivery charge & 15% tip for the driver was $26.Not bad, a lot of food (I barely ate half, I'll eat the rest for dinner) and super quick accurate delivery through GrubHub. I will use them again (just have to remember to get a side of medium-spicy Kung-Pao sauce for the noodles (or just incase) if I try something else because without it I would not have liked it at all).
1	So I ordered online via the Eat24 ipad app and while the order was incredibly simple to place, it took over 2 hours to arrive and when it did the food was cold and it was the wrong order. I had gotten 4 different large portioned items for my family, all of which are vegetarians except myself, and all of the orders reflected vegetarian options, aside from 1 chicken dish. When it arrived, not only was 2 of the 4 dishes totally missing, but the other two were the wrong orders and were all beef dishes which we hadn't ordered. I called to try and see what happened in regard to the missing items and getting either a refund or a replacement and was screamed at by a lady who claimed to be the owner. She told me I was lying about not getting the food, and that she had packed the order herself so she knew it was all there....however I even took a picture of the receipt and the food provided and sent it to her and she still did not believe me and was incredibly rude. She refused to refund me any money and refused to replace the order. She yelled at me and called me a liar until I just didn't want to listen to her anymore and was hung up. When  I tried calling back they were obviously screening my call and wouldn't pick up the phone. I couldn't believe that she had the nerve to call me a liar, after we hadn't ordered anything containing beef, and the only things to arrive were both beef dishes....even once I sent her the photo of the food she called me a liar. She tried to say that I made the food and switched it out to get a free meal!?!?! WTF? I will never give this place a penny of my money again. It is run by cheap scumbags who don't care about customer service or the quality of the products they produce.
1	Since all good Chinese food places are closed on Sundays, we tried, hopeful, to have some good Chinese food from this place, and was sadly disappointed. Service was was nice and fast for delivery, which is the what the one star is for, and that is all the good things I have to say. I ordered a chicken dish, crab puffs, and a few other full dishes and all had one similarity...they were all bland and full of vegetables. The crab puffs had the smallest amount of filling inside, with a large gap of what should be full of said filling, and overall, the taste was this fried, oily, wonton wrap. The chicken dish I ordered had maybe 2 oz. of chicken, (thigh and leg meat only with fat skin still on it and this grey tint that was just unappetizing), and did I say I've never felt like more of a vegan until this meal? Because of the overwhelming amount of vegetables? (nothing against vegans or any one who diets, I eat it all). I'd love to have a Sunday Asian food restaurant I order from, and be satisfied with what I get, but this is not that place. I am only one person, but Good luck to you Lucky Kitchen in your future business.
1	The food, specifically the General Tso's Chicken, is absolutely disgusting.  The chicken in the entree was raw and spoiled vegetables were used.  I called the restaurant for a refund or an alternate entree but the woman stated that, "it is not their policy."  I have to place this food in the top percentile of bad chinese restaurants - the food is as bad as their signs and decor.  IN short, buyer beware:  AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
2	Ordered through their site using the Eat24 thingy. Delivery was SUPER fast! We were happy about that. The House Lo Mein was adequate as well and they left out the celery and mushrooms as requested. They also left out the baby corn though. *sad face*The Wanton Soup was TERRIBLE. I chewed a wanton for three seconds before I had to spit it out. Waste of money. The fried shrimp were soggy, probably sitting for a while and not fresh. The steamed dumplings were a bit doughy but adequate. The fortune cookies were the best part of this $30 delivery. If you can drive go to a higher rated place. If not then be careful what you order. I think the rice and noodle dishes are the safest bets.
4	This is your run of the mill fast food Chinese restaurant. Nothing here particularly stands out as fantastic, but is all around decent.  Prices are solid, but could have less "dressing" and more meat in their dishes. The reason why they get 4 stars is that they have a very pleasant staff and super fast delivery.
