1	I've heard of supply demand but this place truly capitalized on other rental car companies in airport being unavailable.  $600 for 4 day rental of a ridiculous Mustang!  I took for the day then reserved a vehicle with Avis the next day.Enterprise also doesn't have a preferred program worthwhile...I'll stay with Avis and now I know why Time Warner doesn't use them as a corporate provider.
5	The most seamless car rental experience ever.  The agents were super friendly and helpful, and it was really easy getting the car, dropping off, etc.  Recommend.
3	Very crowded Enterprise location based on the fact they are at the airport.  They seem to do a decent job of staffing the place so that keeps the flow of folks moving pretty well.No real complaints, I found the car to be ample and suitable.  The only bad thing is, like most rentals, I hate having to judge if I need to prepay for a full tank or half and I feel like if I don't use a full tank then I should be given some of my money back?  Pay for what you use, right?  Meh...anyway, good service and decent selection of cars to choose from make up for it.
4	Outstanding customer service! From the moment we arrived to pick up to the moment we left to head back to the airport, I cannot speak enough to the speed and customer service here.You are immediately greeted by your own "service associate" who holds the door open, walks you in, takes you to your own terminal, and works with another associate to rapidly get all the paperwork taken care of.We were then taken to our car, and a few minutes later on our way. Same thing upon return, super quick check-out and a shuttle bus waiting to take us to the airport. It's a 5-min trip to the terminal.I've rented a lot of cars, this team was most impressive on that morning.
5	After a fiasco with another car company, I showed up with tears in my eyes at the Enterprise counter. Maleah was so incredibly helpful and caring. The group that helped me at the actual car rental site was equally professional and you could tell that they enjoyed working with each other. Even though other car rental places might be cheaper, the level of customer service that Enterprise provides is worth the extra couple of dollars.
1	Enterprise. First time because AMEX for whatever reason didn't book National this time. They even told me it was the same company which is clearly not the case.Arriving, the guy propose me all the insurance that I have to take. It increases the price of the renting by 3... (400$ to +1200$) So from cheap prices AMEX told me, I got a 3 times higher bill now.Not that I am not aware of this kind of situation but in the case of Enterprise, there will be a difference when you arrive to the car. National use to give for the same price a middle to full car size. Enterprise will just give you a small car you "asked" for for the small price which is now with the insurance a full size car price.We also wanted to change the credit card used to pay. Call Enterprise desk put on hold forever. Send an e-mail to the leasing agent that gave me his card, never got an answer.The car didn't have any problem. Only positive thing.So for resume:For the National price, you get at Enterprise a small car with no people willing to help you once you swiped your credit card.
5	Amazing customer service. Quick, friendly, great car selections and they give you the option to  choose which car you would like from their lot. Fast shuttle to take you to the airport. Can't believe how smooth and fast everything went.
4	I like that CLT has a counter inside the terminal so you can get your rental ready by the time you get your shuttle. Or, you can just get the shuttle. The people here are friendly and helpful. Some Enterprises are working with tablets to do business, and it seems these are kinda slow and clunky right now, but hopefully it will get more streamlined. Certainly means less paper. Also, it's weird that they have to give you a token to leave the lot. I feel like I'm in the mid-20th century here...Overall, not a bad place.
1	Worse check-in system yet encountered in my travels.   About a 20+ minute wait after checking-in at the counter.   Will not go here again.
1	My wife and I didn't have the best of Labor Day week ends. First her car over heats Saturday night and we have drop it off at a garage for repair. She borrows my car which decides to shred its back tire Sunday night during a raging thunderstorm and no one open to fix it because its a holiday week end,so we are now without a vehicle.My wife reserves a car on line and no where on the website does it say you have to have a major credit card to rent car. Our daughter picks us up and we drive 45 minutes to the airport and wait in line only to be told when we present our debit card that we need a major credit card to rent a car. WTF!! A debit card is the same as cash and we are being turned down for a car rental???My wife informed the clerk that she had used this same debit card in other cities to rent car while she was on business trips and at this point he takes a condescending attitude and told us we were not renting a car with a debit card.I kept my cool until the clerk starting waving my wife's debit card in our face and treating us like we were white trash because we did not have a credit card.At this point both my wife and I lost it and I profanely told him what I thought of him and Enterprise care rental. My wife snatched her debit card out of his hand and we stormed out mad as hell.My wife and I do not have nor care to have a major credit card. If we can not pay cash for something, we do not buy it.I cannot believe in todays world a company will not take a debit card for a purchase.If Enterprise was the last car rental place on the face of the earth and we don't have a car, we will walk rather than rent from them!
4	Short story: These guys get 5 stars for their customer service, but -1 star for causing the snafu in the first place.Longer story: The late afternoon check-in, with two little kids, took longer than anticipated because our car seats wouldn't fit in the car we'd reserved (eventually we shoved them in and it worked, but in the meantime, one of the helpful Enterprise people ran over to see if National had one that would work better). During all this run-around, I'd done the inspection and said no to buying gas from them or extra insurance... all the usual stuff. (This ain't my first car-renting-rodeo, though it was indeed my first with two hungry, travel-weary preschoolers.) I signed the paperwork, and then it got handed over to someone else while the saleslady looked for another car that would work better. Eventually, the car seats fit, the paperwork came back, we buckled everyone up, and took off.Fast forward to returning the car and my husband discovering we'd been charged over $200 for extra insurance. They basically told him there was nothing he could do about it now, but when I returned from taking the kids to the potty and found out about it, I was livid. The manager came right over at that point and said that he'd follow up and take the charge off our bill. The shuttle bus guy nodded his approval and said that they were a company that prided themselves on good customer service. I agree! Except, really, the best service would have been if there had been no error to begin with.Throughout, everyone we met was very gracious, personable, and eager to please. We will rent from these folks again, no question, next time we're in town (but also making sure we do an extra-thorough read-through of the fine print before we sign anything!).
5	Amazing service. From the shuttle driver to the ladies who checked us in, these are professional people working here. We got on the shuttle at 0700 and drove off the lot by 0717. Amazing!
1	At the end of July I contacted the 800 reservation line at Alamo to make plans for a car rental from August 6-August 13 at the Charlotte airport location. I was going to be using my Hilton Honors points to secure this car, and was told by Hilton that BEFORE I took points from my bank to make sure that this location accepted points as payment, as some locations do not, and to make sure there were no blackout days. your 800 reservations team told me to contact the airport location to confirm that they would accept pmt with points, which I did, and was told there are no blackout days for this program. They said go ahead and retrieve your code necessary from hilton and call us back to reserve. I got the necessary code from Hilton the following Monday and called the 800 #, but was told to call the location to secure thew reservation since I would be using points. I then called Charlotte lonely to be told they don't make reservations there, call the 800 # again.....So I called back to the reservation line and was told that while Charlotte accepts the points program and there are no blackout days, they had reached the limit of the # of reservations allowable under that program for the day and would not make my reservation. They sent me to an escalation dept where I takes to a gentleman named Norman.  He was pleasant, but of no use..... He said he wild pass my info to a supervisor and ask that they call.  I waited.....I called corporate in St. Louis and asked for someone that could assist me, only to get "Norman" again. He said I had to wait for a call. No one else would help me.    A few days later I get a rude call from Angie at the Charlotte location - she left a voice mail that said she can't help me, call the reservation line.  So once again I called the 800# ad  spoke to a very nice girl, maybe Lakresha??  African American girl that was the most pleasant person to work with. She tried everything she cod to get me a car close to the dates I needed, with my points , but to no avail.  So I ended up paying for a rental, $240.00 that had not been budgeted for, and I've lost 70,000 points with Hilton and got NOTHING for it but a disgusting run around from Alamo. I fell was dealt with very unfairly and not given the true restrictions behind using Alamo for my rental. I confirmed no black out days and then given the surprise "But......I would never have risked this transaction had I been told that a rental may still not be possible.   After emailing customer service and getting an incident number assigned to me I was told:" I completely understand your frustration. I have document this email thoroughly and will do my best to get you the resolution you deserve. I have also forwarded this email and your contact information directly to the Regional Customer Service Department for Charlotte. They will reach out to you within the next 3-5 days. Your Incident ID number regarding this issue is: 20521478. again I apologize for the inconvenience this has cause you. If you have any additional questions, comments or concerns please feel free to reach out to me and I will aid you in any way I possibly can."Well, weeks later I have no phone call, and more emails that blame me for not booking far enough in advance, missing the entire problem of their sales people not stating the policy, IN FULL, for renting a vehicle using Hilton Honors points. Never EVER again. Stay away from this group of companies.
3	I've rented here quite a few times. The staff is quick and friendly. The shuttle drivers are very nice as well. I recommend checking in at the terminal while waiting for luggage. Then when you arrive at Enterprise they take you straight out to your car choices. You can also check in at Enterprise if you don't want to stop by the desk near baggage. I've had a couple employees really pressure me to upgrade and that is annoying. They can see that I have a business account. If I was allowed to upgrade I would have done so already and it wastes my time when I am trying to get to the office for work.  Otherwise they have always been good and I've gotten the car I need.
4	I'm happy to report that the situation has finally been settled. I'm thankful to the gentleman for reaching out to me. I will  certainly reach out to them again for my future rental needs.
5	I have been using Enterprise at CLT for years (mom lives there). I have always had very friendly and helpful customer service. I reserve on line and always pick the car I want (hint - don't think that the small car is the best value, do your homework and you won't get dinged at the airport). I have full insurance coverage so I always decline. To those of you who complain about getting upsold - It's their job! Just say "no" and move on. No one (NO ONE) has ever pressured me at Enterprise once I clearly said no (that has happened at other places). Service is almost always fast (CLT has been undergoing renovations since the Dark Ages so it can be challenging for anyone to get around that airport) and it is sometimes not their fault if they have problems getting to the terminal quickly.I once had a minor damage report and had to get the car repaired on my insurance. Worked out okay, but everything gets transferred to contractors for this so it definitely adds to the hassle.Oh, and at CLT there are a number of convenient gas stations on the way to the airport (I use Wilkenson Blvd. access) so don't worry about the gas. You can top off right outside the airport and save the aggravation of wondering what to do.I have rented a lot of cars from a lot of companies and places and I always expect this to be a good experience and so far (after many at bats) Enterprise CLT is batting close to 1000.
3	I am a big fan of Enterprise. The people all have  a great attitude. This location was a bit different somewhat due to the insane amount of construction at Charlotte airport. The place was crowded and for some reason the process to get a car was painful. Waiting on 3 different lines for a car while others allow you to check in and go grab a car seems a bit dated.
4	I have been a pretty regular Enterprise customer for the past few years and just joined the Enterprise Plus program.  My experience last week at the Charlotte-Douglas Airport  was terrific. I got my car promptly and was given top notch service by all the Enterprise team members.  I also got a brand new Jeep for only a $5 upgrade charge. So I really appreciated the manner in which I was treated by their staff. They have been good to me so I expect that I will be a loyal customer and continue to give them my business.
4	Everyone was very friendly and accommodated my needs, particularly to return the car to a different  location.  They explained the process very well.  The only issue that I had was that I had forgotten to pick up the direct contact information when I was in the office, and it was hard to get in contact with someone via the main line. This is one of the busiest Enterprise locations, so it helps to have the direct contact information of one of the managers there.
5	Knew I would be missing my connection in CLT (last flight out), so I booked on line while standing at the gate in SFO.  Arrived, got luggage, boarded the bus and picked up my car.  Drove to GSO and arrived after midnight;  dropped off the key, picked up my own car and went home.  Got the final invoice by email next morning.  Perfect!!
5	Currently using a car from this place. I reserved at the desk because i was getting the run around from a different rental car place. They were more then helpful.  From the desk at the airport to the shuttle driver to the man who got us our car, it was all outstanding. From walking up to the counter asking about a rate at the airport to driving away with a great clean car was at max 10 minutes. They do offer all the upgrades and insurance, but a simple no thanks was all they needed. No pressure at all.
