2	I was on my way the The Hero Factory when I noticed this place had opened. It's their grand opening and it showed. Ordering was a bit chaotic, but customers are still getting a feel for the layout. The Hangover Burger sounded terrific, topped with bacon and an egg. Then I saw they have poutine and I about jumped for joy! Poutine, in downtown Phx? This, I had to try.It took about 15 minutes for my order to come up. Maybe a little on the long side, but not terrible. However, orders were coming up out of sequence, and that didn't make any fans. So, I brought lunch back to the office and announce the new place has poutine. Only one person knew what I was talking about. At this point, I think you understand how significant this food is to me. I spent nearly every weekend in the late '90s in Canada. Yea, I thought. A taste of my second home. Sadly, this was not what I was looking forward to. While the fries were good, they were topped with shredded cheese and beef broth. Beef broth!! Ugh. At this point, I'm just a grumpy otter so that might have made the burger just okay. Not good, just okay. The bun was nice and soft, but the meat tasted industrial. For $13.21, I was hoping for more. I'll give them a couple of weeks and head back. Hopefully things will have improved. Until then, I'll sulk over these soupy fries. Gah!
4	Brand new place! I've been waiting for them to open. Originally called Texas BBQ but the name is Burger Joint Chicago. However the check says Burger Joint Phoenix. Ok here goes: clean, friendly staff, wood & brick interior, large windows on 2-sides. I ordered pulled pork with BBQ sauce. I asked them to put the cole slaw right on the pork- Carolina Style. This sandwich is correct. Just what one would expect from a wet thick pulled pork sandwich. The fries are fresh cut- very important to me. The fries are salted correctly. I will be trying the burgers at a later date. The prices are reasonable, classic rock on the sound system, 5-big screen tvs, 2-news, 3-sports. What I would like to see: draft beer and free wifi. I will be back. My instincts are positive. I do know this location has had a high turn-over for restaurants. I wish these folks well!
1	Open late and delivers according to all of there flyers.  Huh?  It's 7:30 on a Friday night and the Dbacks are in town.  Wonder how long this place will stay in business.
1	My group had a cheeseburger, hot dog, and chicken pita sandwich. We all agreed each of our items were terrible. I took two bites of my cheeseburger and had to throw the rest away. The food had no flavor, the french fries were extremely greasy and slippery.  The restaurant is over priced for the non sense they seem to think is appropriate to feed people.  Its safe to say we won't be going there again.
1	My first mistake was going in at 12:15 on a Thursday afternoon, during the middle of lunch rush, to a place that has only been open a couple weeks. That one's on me. From there on out, on them.Burger lunch special wasn't so special. Bun was warm and soft but HUGE and you had to search to find the small "1/3lb patty". Every bite was 3/4 bread and 1/4 everything else. I know it's the cheap lunch special, but at least make it somewhat tasty if you're going to advertise it in every building.Fries were meh! Surprisingly long line just to refill your soda pop. Couldn't quite figure that one out.Only good thing I can think of, great location and great vibe inside. Hope they figure things out and stick around so I can give it a second chance.
1	2nd time we've come and they're CLOSED when they're supposed to be open! WTH!? Came by at noon on a Saturday and at 7pm on Thursday! POOR advertising. Why set out street signage with hours when they're not open!? And they deliver!?? Yah right, no-one answers the number. What a shame since downtown could really use a good burger place, especially one that is open late.
3	I have been twice during the week for the spicy feta fries. First time I ordered they were busy and the order took about 5 minutes...not bad...the fries were good. Second time was a mess...ordered, waited waited and waited until I started noticing that people who ordered 5-10 minutes after me were getting their food. So I asked the girl and she walks over to the back area and magically appears with my order of feta fries. No "sorry for the inconvenience" or anything other than "oh here it is"....but the fries were good...not worth being 15 minutes late to work good, but they were good. Based on the other reviews of them not being able to stay open during their indicated operating hours, who know how much longer they will be around. I may go back and try the blackbean veggie burger..not sure there was really a "need" for another burger place downtown ...but I'm a vegetarian so maybe that's just me.
4	Stopped in this place to see what's new.  I'm not a burger fan, but wanted to see what else the menu offered.  Burgers and more burgers.  There is a grain/bean burger for those who want a meatless choice.  That's the only veggie choice, in fact.I passed on the burger, though, and ordered sweet potato fries.  I have since been back to order them again, so this review is for the sp fries.  Although they are cut thinner than I prefer, they are nicely crispy and stay crispy.  $4 for a decent amount and they're addictive.The place is spacious and has 2-3 tellies to entertain.  The wood tables are nicely varnished and there is wonderful natural lighting pouring through all the windows.  Young staff is friendly and the manager (or owner) greets the guests.
3	My co-workers and I venture out on Friday's to eat at various restaurants downtown.  My burger did taste good; although I ordered the special and my burger was HALF the size of my co-workers, so not a real savings;  $7.99 v $11.99.   Smaller price, smaller burger.    One of the ladies in our group dubbed this Burger Joint, "One and done."  I have to agree,  it's just ok.  I wasn't wowed.   There are just as good if not better places downtown to grab a burger  AND less expensive,i.e.  Coney Island, just 3 doors east on the same street.  Anyway, maybe the after bar crowd will help keep this place alive.  I'll be going elsewhere.
3	I am only giving this place 3 stars today, but I have hope to soon give it four.It is just starting out and it is obvious they are making an effort.  The manager/owner ? was right there in front, greeting people, checking on orders, barking directions to the new staff.The location is good for downtown office workers, such as I.  the seating is plentiful and there is plenty of light to brighten the place.  TVs abound to keep the lone diner entertained.Food wise I made a mistake and took the manager up on the opening special, 1/4 lb burger, fries and a soda.  It appears they take a 1/4 patty and put it on the same bun as the 1/3 lb one.  It was way too small for the bun and the bun is not superb, worthy of the extra attention.  The burger was so, so, but i anticipate the next one will be better as I will try the 1/3 lb.  The fries are worth a star or two on their own.  They appear to be fresh cut skin on fries.  Very similar to the Chicago fries I am used to at the Italian beef joints back in Chi Town. There are some unique up-charged fries.  I chose the feta and giardenara hot peppers.  I loved them and will back just for those.After I ordered I read on Yelp that they had an Italian beef sandwich, which I will have to try.  Thus this spot will get another look from me.  I am hoping a 3rd trip will provide a better burger experience.Side notes: they screwed up my order, but fixed in a minute or two.  Also, the floor was noticeably sticky from spilled soda.  Lastly, I loved that they had Diet Mt. Dew, for me a plus.
4	I'm only giving 4 stars because of their confusing hours. I never know when they are open because the hours are constantly changing. I didn't expect to like this place as much as I did but the burgers are great. I ordered a hot mess burger and it was really good. I wish they would have asked how I wanted it cooked, or better yet I wish I would have told them how I wanted it cooked but none the less it was great.
2	Ok, I have tried three times to like this place. But they keep failing me. Maybe it's startup jitters?  My main issues: Too pricey. Today was over $14 for a crazy Greek burger, gorgonzola fries and a soda. The bigger had cheddar cheese and a few bits of gyros. Fries were a $2 up Chafee to have them throw some cheese crumbles. The burger. Ok, I like the 6 oz patty, but it is frozen and uninspired. Three bun is simple, there is no gourmet at all about any of this, except the name. Nor worth the price. The small things.  Only 8 choices on the soda machine, today two off them were out by 11:30 am. Constant sticky floor. I ordered a bbq bacon burger today, was told they had no bacon " would you like to add an ingredient?" It's a bacon burger, I want bacon. If I am eating in, (they do have a spacious dining area with rock on the speakers) then don't wrap everything up to go. Last time my fries were cold. I will give them over more shot in a month or so to see if they ironed the bugs out.
2	I was less than impressed with Burger Joint. I work in downtown Phoenix; there's no reason to go here when Five Guys is nearby and WAY better. I think I finished the burger, but tossed the fries. Sorry, I just can't lie to ya. I'm not going back, and I wouldn't take anyone here. Note: As of recently, this places closes at 3 p.m. That may change as the weather gets cooler.
3	Food - 4 stars...I loved my gyro and fries!However, the cons: this place needs music, one TV should be on and add additional TV's, furnish with outdoor seating since they have a patio, advertise consistent hours on Yelp, the front door etc.  Your hours are so inconsistent, so that is why your business is so spotty throughout the evening.  You need to make the restaurant actually look like it is open if you plan to stay open until 8pm a few nights a week!
2	I have been twice, each time for a chili dog to go.  It's an easy order, but the first time it took almost ten minutes, despite few customers, and the second time about half as long.  Both times an employee asked what I was waiting for, and only then did they find my order.  I was not the only person that waited, on each occasion, for an inordinate amount of time for an order.The first time a manager felt bad about how long I had been standing there and "comped" me some fries, which I threw away because they were soggy and just gross.  The second time, despite ordering it to go, the chili dog came in a basket to eat "in".    The chili dog had onions on it (nobody asked if I wanted onions) and the cashier was effectively hidden behind a stack of styrofoam cups. The chili dog was slightly better than a 7/11 product, but at almost triple the price and with a long wait.  Another customer had a gyro, which looked appetizing, but I am not sure I will be back to try it.    I was hoping for someplace where I could grab something to bring back to the office but it doesn't appear that this is the place.  Huge space, with a small crowd (five or six employees or more, and approximately ten or fifteen guests).  Until they improve how fast the food gets out, the crowd will dwindle even more.
4	This place was really good!! I had the Crazy Greek. It was made very quickly and was a great burger. I'll be back to try the feta fries.
2	I ate the hot dogs... Really not good at all... Plus soggy French fries... Sweetened iced tea in the unsweetened dispenser...
