4	Stumbled across this place when I went to the Knights game on Saturday. It used to be Threes. My friends mentioned its predecessor before, but I didn't get to visit before they closed for "renovations." By renovations I guess it also meant a slight change in name. Without visiting the "before," I cannot make proper comparison to the former, but I am guessing it's a lot alike in atmosphere.After a night of baseball, I found myself hungry for some real food. It was late, after 10pm, and I was glad to find them still serving the full menu. The bartender also served as our waiter. And quite honestly I didn't expect much of a service considering the time. And with that being said, service was still adequate.  We got our water, the food order was taken and all came out correctly, can't complain. Could the service be better? Yes. Bartender seemed to be a lot more friendlier with the gents sitting at the bar (looking to be regulars). There were waitstaffs eating their dinner at the table next to us, which is fine to me (Chinese folks do that at chinese restaurants all the time) but I found a little odd for an American establishment. When I asked our waiter about the place, whether this is the same owner or not, he sounded a little agitated. Lastly, when I asked about the bottomless mimosas my friends used to praise about (when it used to be Threes), I could hear that smart-arzz tone when he answered "No, because people would just sit here all day." (In case you're not really reading: NO MORE BOTTOMLESS MIMOSA on Saturdays, and they are CLOSED on Sundays)Good thing is the food was more than enough to make up for what's lacking. I ordered a cup of the She Crab Soup ($4), which was EXCELLENT. It was rich, and I thought the use of masago on top was very smart, and I appreciated a small amount of lump crab on top. To keep it light, I had the Oyster Salad ($11-12), which came with 6 fried oysters with a small mountain of spinach. But the yummiest part was at goat cheese fondue at the bottom. I'm not a goat cheese fan. The strong taste can sometimes ruin a dish, but the spread they put on the plate was simply amazing. It was light & a hint of sweetness, which offset the strong goat cheese flavor.My +1 had the Salt Seared Tendeloin ($26). The steak was cooked well. It's quite sizable as well (I believe it was a 8oz portion). But the sauteed spinach & mashed potatoes were overly seasoned with salt, which coming from me says alot (I'm a sodium person). The quality of the food was definitely above my expectation. The price wasn't too bad either (especially after my Fahrenheit experience, heck, everything else seems like a bargain). I will come back again, and hopefully it will not disappoint.
4	A great place to just chill with friends and enjoy a nice bottle of wine. They have a great wine selection and their prices vary per bottle so you can get a cheaper bottle or a more pricey bottle. We got two flatbreads, the truffle flatbread and the margarita flatbread. The truffle flatbread was so delicious. The margarita flatbread was good but just not as good as the truffle one. The service was really great, they were very flexible with where we sat and were willing to help us with any questions we had. Definitely a great experience and will come back again.
1	4 stars for the foodZero for the managerSmelled of alcohol when he came to the table. Witnessed him yelling at the waitress in the dining room. Not very pleasant. Used to love this place for its atmosphere. Not so much now!
1	Unimpressed with having to wait more than 10 minutes for anybody to acknowledge our table. On lunch break and pressed for time; person who turned out to be our waiter clearly saw us with no drinks, menus down yet couldn't rush away fast enough (twice!) when eye contact was made. Food delivered to table by the host who had seated us, which we then had to switch with one another because he didn't know who ordered what (party of two). Lunch menu looked interesting enough and prices were reasonable; however I'd rather spend my money elsewhere. Definitely an instance of mediocre to poor customer service outweighing the possibility of excellent food. Not likely to return.
2	Went for Charlotte queen feast.  There was 6 of us we spent over $400 and then we were approached by the manager and were told to leave to make room.  Our friend had The risotto cakes and they were dry. The strawberry short cake was hard as a rock. I had the flank steak medium and it was good.  Overall our experience was over shadowed by a terrible manager that basically kicked us out to make room for a non existent reservation.  Won't be going back.
1	Went for Charlotte restaurant week. I have never been so insulted at a restaurant in my life. After being rushed through our $400 dinner, we were told by the manager that our time was up, and we needed to leave so they could seat another table. Really? I'll NEVER go back. Oh, and the food wasn't even worth commenting on.
4	This place is great. I'll eat any burger with an egg on it but this one was spectacular. Brioche bun put it over the the top.The new manager was super nice and the sushi was good too.
