1	Don't F*%@ing go here!! So horrible I can't even tell you!! I was here last year for Memorial Day weekend and it was hot as hell. Guess what?? The AC was turned off!! WTF?? They posted signs stating their AC was broken at the moment. Checked on tripadvisor.com and noticed several other reviews for the place mentioning the same thing. They purposely turn off the AC so they don't have to pay for it. Hellza ghetto! It should be called Golden Palm Dump!! Just trust me on this one, it's bad. Again, DO NOT GO HERE!!
3	I heard some pretty bad things about this place, I guess that's why it's closing its doors.  Originally it was planned to shut down May 1st, but according to an email I got from a booking agency called FunTyme, due to "recent and serious electrical/power failures at the hotel have accelerated they're closure plans." and will be shutting their doors on Feb. 19th.  Just four days before I planned on going.  Oh well.  $125 for the whole weekend, sigh....  At least I'm getting my money back.
5	Well Patty you're right!  There are lots of bad things to share about the Golden Palm.  But I feel we should shed a tear for the end of an era. (All be it short and not really an era.) And a 5 star salute to trash.The Golden Palm is talked about frequently and frequented for it's lack luster Karaoke nights.  Frankie Almost has quite a following there, I wonder what will happen to his Kroaking minions?So let's bow our heads and say good night to the best place in town to get a pitcher of Pabst and sing Pat Benetar while checkin' out Tranny Pro's at the front door.Such color, I wonder what it's next incarnation will be, most likely knocked down to make way for a new condo high rise that most of us "common" folk won't be able to afford.Weep, weep. OH,and ,yeah Patty, a $125 weekend stay would have been awesome, I weep for the passing of that also.
1	This is such a crack hotel. We were on the top floor and still had cockroaches in our bathroom.  We stayed here one night and that was enough. It sounded good beacuse they have karaoke, a bar, etc. The first thing we wanted to do was find another hotel (not easy when you are there for New Years). We tried to use the internet, but the internet downstairs took our money but did not work. Save yourself some trouble and DO NOT STAY HERE.
1	This place doesn't even deserve a star. I guess it can have one star since we LIVED to share the experience of this Godawful place.We stayed here to save about $30 bucks. Which I can tell you you could not pay me to stay in this place again. Hookers are hanging out in the lobby.There were plenty of dead bugs in our window sill and around on the floor.Check out was terrible.This is the worst place I have ever stayed. DO NOT DO IT. ESPECIALLY DO NOT BRING KIDS HERE.
