5	Beautiful decor!  Excellent food with fast and friendly service!
5	Beautiful decor!  Excellent food with fast and friendly service!  We've been there twice in one weeks time. Salad dressing is to die for. Pizza has a great crunch to it  meatballs....delicious
5	I love this place !  The food here is delicious, and very authentic Italian.  There is no skimping here when it come to the finest ingredients.  The pizza is cooked to perfection, with a really nice crust. The Egg Plant is to die for.  Prices are very reasonable too. The Owner Cosimo is really a great guy, does most of the cooking himself, but always finds the time to come and greet his guest.  The Manager Tanino is your host for the evening, He will take excellent care of you, never have to ask for anything from him, he hast it all covered, and never leaves your glass empty.  He makes it a point to remember your name, and will greet you by that on your next visit guaranteed. The Restaurant itself is immaculate, and comfortable with an "Old World" charm.   Try this place once, and you'll never eat Italian anywhere else!
5	We live just up the street from here..Thank God ! I lived in Italy for a year..this food took me right back there,,absolutely FANTASTIC ! Four of us tried the Meatball app, the Bruschetta...both amazing. Then the Trio which is eggplant parm, lasanga, & Fettuccine Alfedo, my buddy got this and he knows he Italian like nobody else, he was in thrilled. I got the Lasagna...I would have licked my plate but the Wife kept soaking up the sauce with her calzone crust..lol. The tried the eggplant parm. which she raved about until we got home. I'm telling you folks....you want TRUE Italian food, this is the place. Oh, the Tiramisu lasted about 45 seconds..hahaha.Pizza is great, but don't shy away if you are looking for great Italian food because they are way more than  pizza.
5	I'm not sure a little locally-owned pizza/pasta place could really get any better. In fact, it was higher than my expectations.See, I just took a cross-country trip with my friend Jimmy. We made a road trip movie. Anyway, almost a month on the road means you eat a lot of pizza. Some of it was passable, but most of it wasn't. We are both originally from the East coast, so we know pizza. We are both from different parts of Upstate NY. We *know* pizza. He had been raving about this place for a few weeks, so we decided to have a business meeting there.It's in a non-descript strip mall in North Phoenix, just like everything else up there. But as soon as you walk in, you realize it's not just a strip mall eatery. The decor is crisp, but warm. There's not a lot of clutter anywhere in this place. The tables are nice, as are the chairs. It just feels cleaner than a pizza joint.We started out with the bruschetta. My mouth is watering, because the leftovers are in a box on my cupboard. It is served as a pizza, cut into slices. It's LOADED with olive oil, fresh garlic, and freshly topped tomatoes. The dough is chewy and crisp, just the way I like it. But what really made the whole thing pop? The salt. It had the right amount of salt. I hate when people don't salt stuff. Salt and olive oil, in fact, is one of my very favorite combinations of all time. There was enough olive oil to sop up on the plate with the crust from the bruschetta. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm I can't wait to eat the pieces sitting there, waiting for me.We ordered a pepperoni pizza, slightly burnt. It. Was. Perfect. When they brought it out, and I saw that little amount of grease on top, I knew it was going to make me cry. It almost did. It was that good. They use fresh ingredients, including the cheese. It was ooey and gooey and perfect. I even had grease dripping down my hand, which is a sure sign of a real pizza pie!They carry Pepsi products, too. I never drink pop that late in the day (I like sleeping), but I couldn't resist.Dessert was tiramisu, of course. It wasn't heavy like some I've had. It was perfectly spongy.There's a TV behind the bar area, too.You have to go check this place out. The owners are super friendly. They are also very clean. As soon as I took the wrapper off my straw, they came and threw it out. A piece of lettuce on the table was gotten rid of immediately, too. I'm going to go dig into that bruschetta now.
4	I liked it and will be back.  I live in the neighborhood and I am glad to see a good pizza place start up here.
5	Tried this place for the first time tonight, it was delicious. All we got was a cheese pizza, because, if they can't do that well, why bother trying anything else right!? My kiddo ate two whole slices and said "okay, this is SO good" about ten times. We will definitely be going back!!  Not sure why it has the two dollar signs, ten bucks for a 14 inch pizza is cheap!Try it!
5	I can't even begin to tell you how refreshing it is to go to a new pizza place and find out that its not just "a pizza place"! Tanino will cater to your wishes with a smile, a suggestion and warmth that you just don't find anymore. My teenagers love the atmosphere and we are back almost every week now... Trying everything!The bruschetta is unreal! The eggplant pram and the ravioli are phenomenal. The closest sauce to Grandma! Keep it up guys!
5	Outstanding pizza! Quality far above any pizza chain pizza! Fresh ingredients to die for. A crust that you could enjoy all by itself. Memorable sauce. Flavorful cheese of high-quality. Delicious!
5	Once again, they outdone themselves! They have now created smaller version of the bruschetta that allows me to order it every time!!!! Gotta try it..
4	My husband and I ordered out from Pezzano's for the first time. At 6:10 on a Friday it was only a 15 minute wait. We got the Hawaiian pizza and bruschetta. The Hawaiian was good and the cheese was the freshest I've ever had. It was kind of oblong shape, so I know they had just hand thrown the crust. The bruschetta was warm and dripping with olive oil. Honestly, I could have done with a little less olive oil and more basil, but everything was incredibly fresh and the guys working there were super cool.
5	Yummy! This place is the real deal.We ordered a large pizza to go. My husband picked it up and said the guy that runs it is really nice and the atmosphere would be good enough for a date night. The pizza has a perfect thin crust, lots of gooey good quality mozzarella, and a tasty sauce. The "large" is more of a medium compared to other pizza places but well worth the money. I am slightly ashamed to admit that my husband and I polished off the whole thing in one night. It was that good. I really want to try some of their pasta dishes. If the sauce is an indication of how the pasta entrees are then I am in for a treat!Look for coupons in the Money Mailer- there are some really good deals.
5	Wow!  We finally found East coast New York pizza.  This is a s real as it gets!  Don't be fooled by the location, the missing signage out front or the dumpy look of the place.  The food is outstanding!  Go-Go-Go!!
5	What a find! Had lunch here with my choir director and his family last Sunday, and will definitely be coming back. It wasn't the easiest place to locate, in fact I had to drive around the block a couple of times before I saw it. (It's in the little strip mall behind the Circle K on the northwest corner of 32nd street and Union Hills; there's a sign on the marquee, but no sign on the restaurant itself!) Outside it's nothing special but inside it is nicely decorated in the style of many mom-and-pop Italian places, with a medley of Frank Sinatra tunes playing in the background. And the food! Everything here is apparently made from scratch, and you can really tell. Our table split the bruschetta appetizer, which was not like any other bruschetta I have had. Basically a pizza-type crust piled high with diced tomatoes and fresh basil tossed in olive oil, cut and served in pizza-like slices. The olive oil soaked nicely into the crispy-chewy crust and the flavors of fresh tomato and basil really stood out. I had the antipasto della casa as my entree - I should have taken a picture, it was almost too pretty to eat! Artfully arranged, curled slices of salami and provolone, surrounded by thin slices of ham, on top of a bed of fresh greens, olives, sun-dried tomatoes and peppers tossed with a delicious homemade dressing. The rest of the party shared a pizza (large half-pepperoni and half-sausage) and while I did not try any, I can say that it looked and smelled delicious and everyone else was raving about how good it was!We were waited on by the owner and he could not have been friendlier or more accommodating - he refilled my iced tea glass 5 times! (With a little good-natured teasing - yeah, I guess I was a bit thirsty that day.) We skipped dessert but I can't wait to bring my hubby back here to try their tiramisu, not to mention their pizza and pasta dishes. I love finding little out-of-the-way places like Pezzano's Pizza! Highly recommended!
5	I love , love , love  Pezzano's !    I have a real hankering for New york Style pizza at times and now I am thrilled to know there is a pizza place that can satisfy my craving. Mom and Pop shops hold a special place in my heart and this little hidden jewel is one of them. The owner is a sweetheart who is engaging and personable. makes it feel like you hanging out in your Friends parents kitchen .They have a killer White Pizza ( Ricotta and Mozzarella no red sauce )  that is too die for.  Did i mention I love it? Oh by the way I dare you to try their Bruschetta . it's tasty enough to be a meal in it's self!   Can't wait to go back.
5	Ordered pizza from here twice now, REALLY like the crust. We have only had the House, haven't ventured out past that, but TONS of toppings and the crust is still crunch not soggy, Love it! Definitely recommend trying it if you havent and are in the area!
5	Eat here with my Father and Family every few weeks.  Outstanding food and Service.The employees and owner are wonderful.The special seafood pasta I had one week was Delicious and they did not skip on the sea food at all !  Big Full sized Shrimp, muscles, and calamari. The owner told me it was spicy and I told him that is exactly how I like it.Give this place a try and you won't regret it !
4	Finally... Pizza in Phoenix that has good crust !Best Pizza I've had in Phoenix for quite some time. They make the pasta for the Ravioli and Lasagna in house.Good sauce. Good meatballs. Innovative take on Brushetta.Experienced staff. They will have a full bar available by the end of November.I look forward to exploring the menu..Worth a try.
2	So we ordered this place for take out based off the other strong reviews.. We got a pepperoni pizza which was ok and the bruschetta which was disappointing.  It was drowning in oil and there was no liner in the box so it was an oily nightmare. I was really looking forward to that bruschetta too.. ugh.. The owner seemed very nice  but they don't take Amex, which is annoying, so all and all we probably won't be back.  I wanted to try some other stuff on the menu that looked good but we were pretty disappointed so probably stick with our normal Pizza/Italian joints in the future..
5	Oh man, that was some good pizza. My buddy and I picked up a veggie pie for the Cardinals game and these guys make a serious pizza.  at 16 bucks for an extra large it's not super expensive either.  Their cheese was authentic and delicious.  The sauce was rich and flavorful and their crust was just the right amount of crunchy and doughy. We called ahead and our order was done in the promised 15 minutes when we arrived to pick it up.  I will definitely be getting more pizza from here.
5	Best Italian food in Phoenix and probably the whole southwest. Amazing meatballs and pizza, pasta is unbelievable, fantastic hot sandwiches... everything is so fresh and delicious. The service is perfection and the prices and portions are so reasonable. Very friendly and comfortable atmosphere. You've got to try this place, it's a hidden gem!
4	I ordered a to-go pizza last night for the first time after catching some good reviews about this place (it was Lucky's the last time I was at this location many years ago!) and I do not regret my decision at all!! They were totally great about my order (I asked them to take longer since I had guests coming over and I wanted the pizza to stay warm) and the pizza was delicious! I ordered a cheese with half pineapple and light on the sauce. That's what I got!! The only reason I hadn't given this 5 stars was because I really was hoping the slices would be a tad larger. I'm from Queens so I'm so used to the large slices you can fold and eat. Other than that, this place rocked and I WILL be back! Looked very nice and classy on the inside too :)
3	I must be crazy or my taste buds off. I thought the food was pretty tasteless . I've tried the baked Ziti, fettuccini , and pizza. I make a better fettuccini sauce .... Service was good...but a little to good. The waiter in my opinion was over to much. Started to bug me. So unfortunately I don't think I'll go back .
4	Pizza crust is wonderful. The bruschetta is my favorite in town! Had the chicken pizzaiola one time and it was amazing. You can tell they use good quality ingredients!
5	Full out authentic Italian pizza. The chef had the Italian accent and the food was cheap but also delicious
5	The pizza is great! Flavorful sauce, quality cheese, AWESOME crust, and the slices are pretty decently sized. Great place for lunch- quick, clean, and reasonably priced.
5	Love this place. we got the pasta and it was so good to Bruschetta was good too. I went back a second time just to get the bruschetta. Today were going to get pizza and I know it will be so delicious. Can't wait to try more pasta and pizza
5	Today I got the shrimp ravioli special and the boo got the Trio. It was delicious! SHRIMP RAVIOLI SPECIAL $16.99-a lot of sauce, two huge ravioli's stuffed with cheese and 3 large butterfly shrimps with tail still attached in a creamy sauce! I ate it ALL!!! Oh and a glass of moscato! TRIO $11.99- it came with eggplant parmigiana, lasagne and fettuccine. Out of those 3 the boyfriend enjoyed the fettuccine the most it hard a creamy sauce. Garlic bread was good and filling. Our waiter Tony was great he was a character! Made us feel comfortable and was at our table when we needed something instantly! We will def be coming back!Oh I can't forget the $1.99 salad, the boyfriend actually got that and liked it he stated it got better at the bottom!
5	AMAZING FOOD!!! This was the first visit for my husband and myself.  We were at the MIM (Musical Instrument Museum) and decided to get dinner afterwards, I did a search on Yelp  and Pezzano's was right up the road, thought we would try it out.  I got the stuffed eggplant parmigiana and my husband got a sub.  My eggplant was cooked perfectly and the ricotta was silky and smooth.  The pasta was perfect and the sauce was very good!! My husband's sub was fresh and very tasty (of course I had to have at least a bite!).  The garlic bread that came with my eggplant was awesome!! It just melts in your mouth and it was LOADED with garlic, which is alright by me, I'm a huge garlic lover!!  Our server was very friendly, outgoing and humorous - adding to wonderful experience at Pezzano's.  We don't live anywhere near that side of town, but we will FOR SURE be going back soon....and frequently!!
5	Best pizza that I've had so far in the Phoenix area!  It's not what you'd expect if you're looking at the place when driving by. Glad I gave this place a chance! The bruschetta and pepperoni are delicious!
5	Really good New York Style Pizza. The best Meatball Parmesan Hero as well. They even speak Italian to each other, reminds me of home.
5	Was in the area and stopped in because of the reviews on yelp.. GREAT pizza!! GREAT service!! Will definitely be back.
5	Great staff and better pizza. Awesome crust with just the right amount of crispness outside and chewiness inside. Sausage was very good, too...not over seasoned or too lean.
5	A 2nd visit that was just as good as the first! We tried the pasta this time and it was tasty, filling, and priced great. Even though we arrived 20 minutes after the "lunch" specials ended, then server offered them to us anyway. A nice, friendly touch.
5	If your looking for a great pizza this place is worth the stop !  pizza done right perfect Crust & fresh toppings ..
5	Wow !  Since I had my first slice of there amazing pizza ., I have waited to return & let me tell you they do it right !! All B back !!!!!!
4	Great alfredo!  Staff is very friendly and helpful. We have been there several times and it is consistantly great!
5	We've lived in this area for awhile, and have been bummed at the lack of decent restaurants close by. Problem. Solved. Pezzanos is in an unassuming little spot in an office type complex. Pizza? Phenomenal. Thin crust, flavorful crust and just the right amount of cheese. Our lunch portions of pasta were HUGE. The meatballs have a beautiful texture and are delicately seasoned. Penne with broccoli? Yes. We were served by the restaurant manager who is attentive, and hysterically funny. We will definitely be back.
4	After perusing pizza places in the N Phoenix area, I found this hidden gem (thanks Yelp!). I needed some food to bring to my mom who lives up in this area. We ordered a cheese pizza (14 inch for 10 bucks... can't beat it) and an order of bruschetta (7$ ish). The man who was working there (the owner?) was really friendly and they had our pizza ready in 15 minutes. The pizza itself was surprisingly good. Very classic NY style pizza with a good sauce to cheese ratio. The sauce was also nicely seasoned and flavorful. The bruschetta was good, but a bit on the greasy side. The flavors were nice despite this and the bread did not get soggy, so that was good. If I were in the area, I would definitely come back!
4	When I walked in I was a little apprehensive, there is kinda a funky smell in the eating area but the food was pretty great.  I looove their crust.  I had the pepperoni and also the house special, the house special was fantastic.  My son loved the pepperoni.  My only complaints:  it took a while to get our food and the pizza was a little over greasy (to the point of being liquidy at some spots.  None of that will keep me from going back though!
5	I'm back !! The crust is to tasty to stay away !  Get sum ! If your in a rush jus pick it up there fast !
5	Back again! Very good pappardelle bolognese! The pizza is always great too! Nice neighborhood place!
5	the BEST Italian food in the area!  Love the Pasta and Pizza.  you MUST check this place out
