5	Party City rules.This particular shop isn't in the best location, but it still rules.  The workers may be non existent if you want assistance, but it STILL RULES.I'm a big dork.  I like to have parties and, if I have time to plan them (I also like impromptu parties) I like to do something decoration-y for them.  Party City's where I go.This place is huge!  It has everything for every type of party.  When I was getting married, I should have just set up a tent here for how often I was running in and out.  At Halloween I end up here at least four or five times before everything's said and done either just to browse (they have a huge mask selection) or to buy (once you pull out the fog machine for the season, you're going to keep running out of fog juice.  fog machines are fun to play with, period).  Also at Halloween, they have a pretty decent selection of costumes if you're into costumes out of the bag, and it's a lot less hectic than those other Halloween places.Helium tanks, balloons, streamers, invites, noisemakers - all that unnecessary crap all under one kinda-ghetto roof.  I love it.
5	Why, you ask, is Party City so fabtastic? Parties are great. All of us have been partying since before we could remember. The 1st birthday cake-all-over-the-face pictures. The birthday your mom [parent, guardian] invited all your kindergarten friends over for some pin-the-tail-on-the-donkey.  The party you had in junior high for whatever day or event you decided was special. The party your folks had that you didn't know about the day you moved out. Parties are great because it's a group of people celebrating something, anything. And what does Party City sell? Things to decorate and wear at your party.People, I have just had a revelation, and have made a decision. The next time I'm feeling down 'n out, or lonely, or blue, I'm going to skip the grocery store run for some Phish Food and go loiter about Party City.
4	Great resource for Halloween costumes (it's a madhouse around that time, just a warning) and party supplies (though some discount dollar & 99 cents only stores seem to carry loads of these supplies, too). You can get balloons, baby shower supplies, stickers, candy, favors, and baking supplies here too- it's a huge store. Because this store offers so much variety, it can remain open all year long (everyone's got birthdays, showers, and other things to celebrate), rather than the seasonal Halloween stores held in malls.There used to be more of these specialty stores but longtime Glee's Party Shop has closed. I guess the smaller Mom & Pop shops can't compete in this economy.
3	Party City offers a good selection of costumes for children, but not much for adults.  Well, I guess tiny adults could fit into a lot of their costumes.  So if you're taller than 4 ft 5", you might need to go someplace else for your complete costume.  That said, they do have a range of prices on fake mustaches, pipes, wigs and other costume supplements.Beyond the costumes, the place is fully stocked for kids' parties and cheap goods for bachelor/bachelorette parties.  If you want a fully-stocked generic party, this is your place.  But wow, the place can feel a little stressful--too many overtaxed housewives and mothers running around trying to pick things up.  And many of them are not happy.Bottom line: it ain't a bad place to visit if you're in a pinch, but there's a lot better spots out there.
5	Woo hoo! They just moved this store out of a small, crowded strip mall (read: harrowing parking lot) to a bigger, crowded strip mall a block north. Mind you, I learned this only by reading the sign on the closed establishment. Should have guessed something was up when I got a good parking space and wasn't almost sideswiped four times. So, I was feeling pretty cranky and inconvenienced when I had to negotiate my way down an entire block of Maryland Parkway to the new property, and prepared to find fault with everything. Walked in and just couldn't do it! I was shocked- it was so huge! So clean! Everything was arranged so neatly by color and theme! Found the baby shower stuff right away, but I browsed the whole store anyway, and saw all kinds of great junk - like little disposable shooters, frilled toothpicks and tiny silver plastic forks which made me want to throw a cocktail party and invite the entire cast of "Mad Men". Or maybe just Don Draper. And I don't care if my daughter is 23; on her next birthday she has to choose between a pink princess or Hello Kitty theme, and she and her little friends are going to like it!Went a couple of weeks ago, and they had a huge, mostly empty space where the were starting to unpack the Halloween stuff. My favorite! Can't wait to go back!Only caveat is the pricing. They are not unreasonable, but I would advise checking Wally World first for standard items like character plates and cups and balloons and the dollar store for favors and solid colored plates, napkins, etc., if that's what you're looking for, but they DID have some bargain priced selections here, too. And if you want adorable and all matching, life is short so why the hell not go crazy?
5	As soon as I walked in I was immediately greeted and was offered assistance to find what I was looking for. The gentleman answered all of my questions. I will definitely go to this Party City just for the customer service.
5	Great Customer Service from an energetic staff who dropped everything there were doing to help me. Clean location and everything organized well. I was surprised by the attention I received from the moment I walked in to leaving.
5	Been here several times and each time I am greeted with the same warm smiles. For some odd coincidence, both times I was looking for costumes. Long story short........TOGA PARTY! Ok, maybe one of them was a toga party. Anyways, these guys here seem to know what they are doing because for every question I had, they were able to help me and lead me to the right section.My second time coming here I had to find a costume for my son. As you can see from some of the pics, he was looking at masks and weird hat combinations. Needless to say we ended up ordering a master chief outfit for he has the helmet for it. Maybe I can put him to work on the strip getting tips form tourists taking pics with him.I gotta say this place is probably one of the bigger locations. They keep it well kept and organized. Hats off to the crew here (literally because they got tons of them). Any time I need any kind of costume awkward or not, you guys are my go to place.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #76
5	First time here and I must say they know their stuff! The lady working with our baby shower invites is really knowledgeable about her station!
5	Best place  for anything to host 10 stars if i could great people i go all the way to this  one because of their service
5	They have everything here but no black candles.. What is a B day without black candles? Really every other thing on the planet is here! It was in and out no fuss, helpful staff, so many options, balloons, cards, everything for a party for sure!
