5	had my dog spayed here.  great price friendly people and great with my dog.  will be my new vet!
4	Took my puppy to Niki's Place and was very happy with the service.  Not only were the very caring with my dog, they made me feel assured that she was in great hands while I left her to be spayed.  I was called as soon as her surgery was done so that I can rest assured that she did well.  I found the prices to be very reasonable and affordable.  We followed their directions and had no trouble whatsoever.  Our dog is now healed fully and is doing great.  I also found it helpful to have my maltese wear a onesey after surgery to prevent her from biting and licking the infection.  It was easier than having to wear the cone around her neck for 10 days.  I would highly recommend Niki's and also plan to go back for heart worm test/meds in the near future and also had our rabies shot done there same day and they even had to pull my dog's tooth but  were great about informing me before surgery of any fees and possible fees they even offered to call me if anything was going to cost more so that I would have no surprises, I think they were GREAT and again the prices were very affordable I hope they remain that way since I plan to continue to use them for vaccines in the future as well as dental cleaning service.  Thank you Niki's for taking care of our baby girl Bella!!
1	I was asked to leave without being helped because one of my rescue dogs was scared when they took him back to microchip him. They told me my rescue pup, whom I have had for months is "vicious" and they cannot help me. They refused to let me go back there with him, instead they wanted us to leave. When I mentioned this to some friends, they shared a similar story.I would NOT recommend this place if your dog has any sort of behavioral issues as they will not accomodate them. The staff does NOT seemed to be well trained and frankly, they don't seem to be animal lovers.  Thumbs down to Niki's Place.
5	I was referred here by Gilbert Dogs 24/7 after realizing my dog is behind on her shots. They are in the middle of Gilbert, actually very close to the Cosmo Dog Park. I arrived a little late but the staff was very nice and accommodating. Then my dog thought it would be a good idea to poop right in the middle of the doggie waiting area. I helped clean it up and the staff was quick to disinfect the area and not once did I catch any attitude in the staff. In fact they were cheerful as they helped clean up. The doctor was prompt, my dog got her 3 shots and we were on our way quickly. The big draw to this place for shots is they don't make you pay an office visit fee, just the straight cost for the shots. So if you are low on your money but need to keep your dog up to date on shots, feel free to skip the regular vet and go here.
4	Great low cost place to get your dog or cat fixed and vaccinated. They also do minor surgeries like dew claw removals and declawing for cats (although I strongly disagree with cat declawing practices).
5	Great service!  Have had shots, spay and neuter done here... never an issue, professional, helpful and inexpensive!  Love them!
5	I LOVE this place! I've had dogs and been to vets for the majority of my life and this was THE friendliest place I have ever been to, period. My 11 week old Labradoodle puppy was treated so nicely - from EVERYONE there, even the administrative staff (who have an open reception desk area) pet him and gave him attention - unheard of. He got excited over all the attractive friendly girls there (lol) and spotted a little - they did not bat an eye in cleaning up after him for me. Their genuinely warm demeanor only aided in his demeanor and behavior. They took him back for his nail trim ($10) and were back within a jiffy while he barely yelped and had no visible marks or blood from his trim. The vet gave him his shot ($20) after her sharing with me a wealth of info in aiding my decisions to neuter him or not (my first male dog) and about shots plus a myriad of other things. She did a thorough exam of him before the shot at no extra charge. Oh - and speaking of pricing, WOW - just wow. Their prices are cheaper than my last puppy I had over two decades ago! Tell me when you have heard that anywhere before. They have nice benches with cleats for leashes and the whole place was SUPER CLEAN and bright plus it smelled great - did not smell of pets or chemicals. Nice open area with two completely separate dog and cat entrances and staff. A very nice convenient location, easy to find in the Fresh 'N Easy center on the NE corner of Higley & Ray with ample close to the entrance parking. Tremendously affordable pricing - the total with nails and shot is less than my haircut/style. I cannot recommend this place highly enough. This is where Harvey and I will be going from now on. Thanks, Niki :)
5	I had my miniature poodle neutered at Niki's place and was treated so well.  They are so compassionate and really helped my emotions and worry about my brand new puppy.  It's hard to get a new baby and then send them under the knife!  They calmed my fears and told me what to expect.  Add to that their amazing charitable pricing structure, compared to the "corporate" vet clinics out there.  I highly recommend them to all my friends.  They also give immunizations and dental care at a very reasonable price, which is awesome!
5	I run a rottweiler rescue and have taken many of our dogs to niki's place. I have never received anything less then top notch service and care. The owner and staff really care about our dogs and have gone above and beyond to accommodate our needs. They due an excellent job at alterations, vaccinations and dental cleanings, as well as other procedures. I highly recommend them!
4	Niki's Place is great for discounted veterinary services. I have taken three rescue cats there for FELV/FIV testing, and this was all done very quickly, and in a professional manner.  I was not charged new patient fees, and I did not have to submit the animals to a full exam - They were willing/able to do just the tests, which was great.They also have VERY reasonably-priced dental cleanings for cats & dogs - I hope to take advantage of this soon, and will write another review following that visit.Not sure about the previous review by Dominique, but something sounds a bit strange there - Wonder if we are getting the whole story?   I am a bit hesitant to accept her poor review.....
5	I foster for the Rotten Rottie Rescue and I dropped off PapaRottie today to be fixed. I can't say enough good things about the staff. They knew when I got there he is a special case and they cleared the waiting room for us, and had me go right back with him and gave him a shot right away to calm down. They were all so professional and understanding of his situation it blew me away! I will be bring my dogs in next for teeth cleaning, and I know that my dogs will in amazing hands!!
5	Affordable shots and vet care + caring people, what more do you need?  I've taken my 2 dogs here for their shots and also had one of my dogs spayed here.  2 thumbs up.  Will be back each year for their regular vaccines.
5	I was referred to this place as a "inexpensive place to get your dogs teeth cleaned."  I am a firm believe in you get what you pay for, but after calling around and getting prices raging from $300 to $600 I figured I'd give them a try @ $150. I checked the reviews first and it all seemed legit. We walked in and the place was very professional and ALL the staff was very nice and professional. I filled out the paperwork and was brought right back to a room.  Office staff did the first round of check ups and only waited maybe 8 mins for the Vet.  She told me exactly what they would be doing and if they could save his broken tooth they would. (I figured they couldn't as it had been chipped and was starting to discolor) I felt that my dog was going to be in very capable hands.  They called me after the procedure was complete and let me know when I could return for my dog.  As soon as I showed up they brought my happy yet groggy dog out I payed $165 because he needed one extraction and we were on our way! I was extremely satisfied and will return again for future well check ups!!  And my dogs breath no longer smells like death!!
5	We were referred by a friend who took her dog there calling this place: "affordable and professional!" She was certainly right!SPAY/MIRCOCHIPOur weimaraner, Britley, needed to be spayed and her incision is so small and clean that I couldn't find it at first. Price wise - they are extremely competitive, even with the mobile spay & neuter clinics, but I felt so much more comfortable taking her here. We also put in a microchip and purchased pain meds so our total was $165. DENTAL - MUST READ!We also brought in our 4 year old yorkie, Bailey, for her annual teeth cleaning. Small dogs have bad teeth in general but my little gem is the queen of costing me money with dental work! I took her to a different place 2 years ago which cost me $2,000 because she had several extractions and last year's cleaning was over $700. I wish we knew about Niki's Place sooner! A normal teeth cleaning is $150 and they only charge for the first 4 extractions... which is unheard of! But the best part was: the vet thought that Bailey's teeth didn't require as much cleaning as normal so they gave us a discount. WHO DOES THAT?!? It's good ethics like this that make me proud to support their business and know they are really there to offer affordable & quality care for our pets. These people are wonderful! Highly recommend them! =)
1	Called to make an appointment for shots and they said we could just walk in. Drove 20 min away for them to say that it is by appointment only. When I told them I called and they said to just come in, the receptionist was snarky and said that I could just go to a higher priced vet, not even offering to set an appointment. After going to Niki's Place for years, I will now take my business elsewhere.
5	I have taken one evil cat and the best dog in the world here. The evil cat got spayed and the worlds greatest dog got a rabies shot. very friendly and affordable. very happy with the work done, except I wish they would have lost the evil cat. Oh well. I will be back here to give them another chance at loosing the evil cat.
