5	"Barre3 combines the grace of ballet barre, the wisdom of yoga, and the strength of pilates"; that's what they say on their website and it's just as true! The studio is small but the exercise challenge is big! I was blown away that within an hour, I worked my core, arms, and legs! The exercises were basic but the instructor modifies it for what ever level of fitness you're in! It's an upbeat class that I highly recommend to anyone! Seriously such a great first impression of Barre3!
5	Each class will have your muscles shake in ways that never have before! I loved the friendly staff, super clean and beatify lily designed studio, and of course the amazing work out. The class takes you through a sequence of workouts designed to target the arms, glutes, core, thighs, and so much more! The music was energizing and the instructor/owner Jackie couldn't be friendlier! She walked around adjusting clients when they needed it and offered helpful tips to make your own adjustments. I'm addicted!
5	I can't find a place any closer to me - I can walk across the street to work out!  I first tried Barre3 when a CMYE (community manager yelp event) was hosted here.  It was a free class complete with mini Jamba smoothies courtesy of Jackie and Barre3, and I was intrigued.I started going to physical therapy for my lower back and right hip - as soon as my birthday hit I started to fall apart and now Eric R. wants to exchange me for another wife (just kidding).  However, being married to a very active person has been interesting because while I love to hike I never really enjoyed being in the gym or doing other activities of the sort.  My physical therapist liked that barre supplements my therapy so I knew it was a good idea to take the introductory 3 for $30 deal offered by the studio.Last Saturday I dragged Eric R. with me to the Oklahoma red cross donation class, so we both donated the full class cost each to help with the tornado destruction.  We went to the second class and ran into Molly T. leaving the first class.  Eric R. realized barre3 was quite tough and is a great workout for me.  We had Alison as an instructor and she was great.  I came yesterday to my first paid class with Jackie and it was hardcore!  Each of the three classes has had slight variations on movements and stretches, so I like the element of surprise and the activation of muscles that never ached before!I really liked the atmosphere here as it is clean and spacious.  I also like how the instructors will work with each individual's injuries and help adjust us during the class.  We are told to listen to our bodies and take breaks as needed.  There is no pressure but instead a lot of encouragement.  For those of you with children, childcare only costs $5 per class and is offered during morning classes and on Tuesdays and Thursdays for afternoon classes.  You can go barefoot or wear barre/yoga sticky socks.  This is the perfect place for me to wear my Nike studio wrap pack that I bought when it first debuted.Each class works legs, arms, glutes, and core and includes ample stretching throughout the class.  I feel like someone just punched me in the ribs so I know I am doing something right!
4	After 5 classes, I can safely say that this is just not the workout regimen for me. I get an okay workout, but I just don't really like the format. The teachers are great--especially Dana McCullough, the best ever yoga teacher over at Body Heat--and I can definitely see how it is great for some people. They provide childcare for while you are in the classes which again would be great for some people. Also, the people who really looooove this method have to really love it financially--for 170 bucks a month I expect to be sore after every single class AND have a golden-dipped protein bar after each class. I wasn't sore after most of my five classes, so I just don't feel it's worth it.Pro tip: Even though you can work out in bare feet, I suggest grippy socks. The floor is sometimes real slippery!
5	First time here and very pleased. Beautiful studio! Friendly staff and incredible workout. I work out 3 to 4 times a week and consider myself to be in really good shape. However, Meredith had my entire body shaking within the first 15 minutes! She was very helpful and adjusted my form when needed. I feel as though I've worked muscles that have not been worked before. I am looking forward to my next class!.
5	Great facility, friendly people, physically demanding fun exercise classes. Ask about their different packages and member rates.
5	I have been coming to Barre3 Henderson for over a year now.  For anyone who knew me before, my only interest in something athletic was hiking, which I did not do on a regular basis.  I am not someone who feels comfortable cooped up in a gym, and did not have much motivation after my personal trainer switched to a different industry to find another one.  After I took a free Barre3 class for a Yelp CMYE, I found my active niche.At the time, I was in PT for my back, and my physical therapist agreed that barre is a good supplement to therapy.  When the prescription ran out, I continued attending barre3 classes regularly and mainly see it as physical therapy rather than a work out (though I do glow in class and certainly feel sore a few days later).  It comes down to this: every class is a bit different depending on new techniques or which instructor is teaching, it is cheaper than physical therapy, and it is fun.In the entire year I have been attending this studio, I have had only ONE DAY of back pain.  Before I started, I used be in so much pain that I could not even stand up straight or lift a purse.  I couldn't even touch my toes anymore, but now I can!  The key is strengthening the core.  The class is a 60 minute core workout but is a combination of warm-up, legs, glutes, arms (combo work because the whole body is used while the arms use weights), core, stretching, and cool down.  However, the core is a focus the entire class, and my main goal is to work on the core to support my back.The best part about barre3 is that every single thing can be modified for your body.  That means if your shoulders hurt, drop the weights.  If you don't want to do reps on the ground, do them standing at the barre.  The flexibility of the work out makes it custom to you.  The instructors will ask if you have an injury and help you with your moves each class.I highly recommend that you give it a try!  New members qualify for 3 classes for $30.  Teachers/educators in the summer months qualify for $99 for an unlimited month (usually $170) or get a 10% discount year round on all packages.
5	The best workouts you will ever have. I used to be a gym rat before I was pregnant with my first child, but afterwards I got really lazy with taking care of a newborn and bf all the time. Sometimes bf doesn't necessary mean you will loss weight (someone like me, not the majority of bf moms out there). So I join the unlimited 1 month membership here and I got slimmer... w going 3 or 4 x week. Yay. Will continue going....
1	I was really excited to try Barre 3 after watching the class at the District Farmer's Market. I really liked the standing squats and arm weights and I love yoga. My first class there was very small and the teacher gave me a lot of attention because it was my first time. However, some of the positions were not safe for me to do. I am about 10 pounds overweight,  just had stopped nursing and had not done core work since my daughter was born. I mentioned this to the instructor and I know she did her best to help with core modifications. There is a lot of pelvis tucking which is not good for your lower back. At one point, we were laying on the floor with the ball underneath our pelvis, doing lifts with our legs. The second class, the instructor kept telling me to tuck my pelvis during squats.  You have to have a VERY strong core to do this and after meeting with a chiropractor and a PT assistant after the two classes, I learned that it is never good to do this.  I really hurt my lower back. I had never hurt my lower back before. It took 2 trips to the chiropractor, 3 days of icing and about 6 weeks until I felt normal again. YIKES. My back hurt so much, spasms and pain. I would NOT do this class, stick to yoga. At one point the instructor mentioned that the class is more painful than yoga. I loved all the arm strengthening, squats, and sit ups but it is better to keep a neutral spine than to tuck your pelvis according to my chiropractor.  Everyone is really friendly, you probably won't hurt yourself if you are in excellent shape:)
5	This studio is awesome! Jackie the owner is incredible as well as all of the instructors! I highly recommend barre3 classes in general but the staff at this studio take your experience to a greater level! Friendly, knowledgable, clean, the best!!!
