5	Great sausage-maker in central Phoenix. Try a few of these instead of what you get at Trader Joe's (which are also good) and you'll never go back. You can get anything here from from andouille to chicken cranberry. The staff are helpful, welcoming, and thorough.
5	Homer Simpson: Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Lisa, honey, are you saying you're never going to eat any animal again? What about bacon?Lisa Simpson: No.Homer Simpson: Ham?Lisa Simpson: No.Homer Simpson: Pork chops?Lisa Simpson: Dad! Those all come from the same animal!Homer Simpson: [Chuckles] Yeah, right Lisa. A wonderful, magical animal.The pig is indeed a wonderful, magical animal and Schreiner's Fine Sausage is a wonderful, magical place that offers the full range of porcine products.This is a pork-lover's paradise!  My favorite is the homemade slab bacon because it doesn't taste as salty as bacon you can buy elsewhere.  They will also slice the bacon to your desired thickness.  What could be better?  I like my bacon sliced nice and thick (setting number 6) so that the pieces cook up lovely and crisp.  I top my homemade Curried Deviled Eggs with pieces of Schreiner's crispy bacon.  You can also buy the slab bacon if you have a recipe that calls for you to make your own lardons.Schreiner's offers over 60 varieties of homemade sausages.  They feature everything from Bratwurst, Italian and Polish sausages to the hard-to-find items such as: Andouille and Tasso (Cajun); Linguisa (Portuguese); Bangers (English); Chorico (Spanish); Chorizo (Mexican); and Cheese Sausage.They also have homemade lunch meats, hickory-smoked hams and more.Don't overlook their wall of pickles and pantry items.  The Frisch-Gurken baby pickles that the BF and I picked up here are the cutest addition to a relish tray.The pig is a wonderful, magical animal and Schreiner's Fine Sausage is a wonderful, magical place.
4	Dude, this place is a sausage and pig-lover's heaven on earth.  This wurst, that-a-wurst.  Liver, head cheese, new york dogs, regular dogs, every kind of sausage you can imagine (along with every kind of mustard and horseradish you can imagine), even boudin, andouille, they have like 65 varieties.  Wish I lived nearby, I'd try a new kind ever week!
5	Oh my goodness!  My husband and I have driven by here many many times but never thought it was open.  Finally, at the Local First festival we were treated to samples of their oh-so-fine sausage.  You can taste the freshness in the incredible product that they put out.  We decided to finally stop by because we were making homemade pizza for our annual Christmas Eve tradition and this time, my husband and I were in charge, and we wanted to make it special.  We came in to buy Italian sausage and pepperoni, but we were hard pressed not to leave with more.  They sliced the pepperoni nice and thin exactly the way we wanted it and gave us a big giant string of weiners, which I found hysterical.  We opened the wrapped up pepperoni in the car and we had a really difficult time restraining ourselves from eating the whole thing.Bottom line, if you want the freshest most delicious locally made sausages and other stuff like that you HAVE to go to Schreiners.
5	I stopped in for lunch and walked out with 2 pounds of lovely charcuterie products. Their shelves are stacked full of various sausages, smoked pork chops, head cheese and more. Their $5 Brown bag lunch was a steal as well. Your choice of one of 6 different sausages served hot on a bun, with your choice of toppings. All that with a soda and bag of chips. Very nice. I purchased a pound of smoked bratwurst and a pound of bockwurst. The smoked brats were very tasty with a light smoke flavor. Reminiscent of the Hillshire Farms smoked kielbasa my mom used to buy. The bockwurst, let me tell you, were delicious. A creamy mixture of pork, herbs and spices all encased in natural hog casings. When I closed my eyes, I could imagine my childhood growing up in Germany. They were that damn good. I will definitely be back. And will definitely walk out with a few more pounds of sausage.
5	I cannot believe that I haven't reviewed this place yet. It's incredible, really. An incredible amount of pork products, from all natural casing hot dogs, to different wursts, to the most amazing sausages, and tons of products like capicolla, head cheese, bologna...it's all good.This past weekend, I picked up the Hot Italians, Sweet Italians, Apple, Jalapeno Cheddar Dogs, Beer Hots, and their Cajun Boudins.Obviously, I love my pork (urge to make sausage innuendo jokes rising...). All of the sausages were amazing. Juicy, tender, with crisp skins. The hot italians were actually spicy, which is amazing, most "hot" italians aren't. The jalapeno cheddar dog was gooey and spicy, and the beer hots were spicy with just a hint of lager to them.I've had the Cajun Boudins, but I haven't been able to get into my new ones, but to be honest, they're amazing. Mixing pork and rice in a sausage is an awesome idea.In their store, they have samples. The head cheese is glorious, despite the name of "head cheese", trust me, it's incredible...Very cheap prices and friendly staff (even though I would honestly expect a huge italian guy, yet I am greeted by two awesome women) help round it out, and keeps Schreiner's at the absolute top of my list.
4	Good Meat and selection of sausages.  Nice prices for being hand stuffed right in the building next door!  Good stuff!
4	Can't add too much to previous reviews.  The sausage I have had from Schreiners has been pretty good, but none of the unusual, seasonal varieties described by other reviewers have been available when I went in.  The scrapple is not bad but way too much corn meal for my liking, and I've tried it twice.This place is a classic.  Looks like it has been there for ages.  Amazing signage.  Just a must visit if you are into Americana, Phoenix style.On a Friday the little space available for customers is so crowded you can hardly turn around in there, but somehow that just adds to the charm and atmosphere.  They do a cheap brown bag lunch, so you can shop for meat products on your lunch hour and not go back to the office hungry.  Just remember a cooler (or use you office fridge if you have one) to keep it fresh and tasty!
5	So I've been here like a kazillion times, but never thought about posting a review for it. This place is sausage heaven! (crack all the jokes you want haha)  I moved back to Cen. Pho about a year and a half ago and had always wanted to check this place out, but never did. I was instantly hooked, and have been a loyal customer ever since.  They have tons of different types of sausages and dogs. Most come smoked or fresh. I'm a huge fan of their smoked Linguisa and their' Chorico. They also have these odds and ends mixed sausage-brat-hotdog skewers for like 2 bucks a pound,and I'm a real sucker for those! The prices are awesome, you can get out under $20 with a great mix of sausages and brats for the grill. Make this your Go-to spot for grilling this summer and trust me, you won't be disappointed!
5	You can't beat Shriner's meat!! After a visit to Short Leash dogs (they serve Shriner's meats) I had to go to the source. I am of German decent and grew up with some dang good weenies. They have to be in a natural casing with a great flavor and snap. We got two pounds and they are marvelous, just pick them up and dip in some good mustard and you are set. We also bought some traditional brats. These were the best I have ever had. The flavor was outstanding. Last but not least we got some of the bacon. They will slice it to your preferred thickness and boy is it good! The prices here are fair especially considering the quality you receive. Go get some! (Wieners that is) :)
5	You like your meat long, smoked, and spicy? They got that. Short and thick  with an au naturel casing? They got that too. Thin, floppy and tasting of meatloaf? Hey, whatever gets your rocks off. The snausages here are crazy amazing and they have just about any pork related product your little heart can dream up, ground to an appetizing taste and texture with just the right amount of spice. The prices are also more than fair compared to other meat markets around town. Word to the wise, Schreiner's is a small mom and pop and they only take cash, check (crazy, right?), or debit cards. No credit will be extended to your broke ass. And if you want to use your debit card you have to gather up at least ten bucks worth of meat in your hot little paws before they'll run the card. Don't worry, it's more than easy to do. The people that work here are very knowledgeable and if you tell them what you like and why, they'll recommend all sorts of stuff. They have an intimate knowledge of the meat they sling. So stop on buy, shoot the shit, and they'll slip you some mighty fine sausage.
5	I'm repeatedly astounded at how many people in this city who claim to be in the "culinary know" have no idea what Schreiner's is. Besides the tremendous brown bag lunch special, which consists of any dog or sausage with chips and a soda for $5, Schreiner's is a great place to buy loaf meat, weiners, and sausages. Many chefs in town swear by their products and it's for good reason, they are some of the best around. I made some home made Sonoran Hot Dogs last night using Schreiner's hot dogs, and it was one of the best dogs I'd ever had.
5	Ok. This place is THE BEST place to get sausages in Phoenix PERIOD! The breakfast sausage could very well best the best ever. I go here regularly and have had so many of thier sausages, they have all been great. I do not even buy supermarket sausage anymore after finding this place, not even in the same ball park. Top notch.
5	No joke, I've probably driven by Schreiner's 500 hundred times over the last eight years, two of which years I lived blocks away! I always thought it was some closed up business. Thankfully Yelp comes thru again! Went there for their $5 brown bag lunch (choice of sausage, bag of chips, and a soda...they have coke and pepsi) and sat at table they had set up in a little grass area. I had a bratwurst and it was great. Schreiner's will definitely become a regular lunch spot for me!!
5	Now this is a damn fine sausage shop! Myself and a few coworkers grabbed brown bag lunches which for $5 bucks are a great deal. Between use we tried the bratwurst, sweet Italian and beerhot which all got two thumbs up. In addition to these items I will be headed back to try out as many of the other sausage in the case as possible. Items which caught my eye were the bockwurst, wieners, knockwurst the size of a small baby and what may be the greatest butcher invention ever, the sausage kabob! In addition to the great sausage and meat selection Schreiner's also has a nice selection of German provisions in the form of the wall of fermented and pickled wonders. It may take me a few weeks but I am going to try everything they have to offer, I suggest you do the same.  Heads up; cash, debit or check only....no credit cards
5	It's always a treat for me to go to Schreiner's. It either means I'm planning to cook something fabulous, or that my serum sausage level has dropped dangerously low and needs to be replenished!I consider this my go-to place for Cajun recipe items now, ever since discovering their andouille sausage (which, in my opinion, is the closest to authentic that I have found in Phoenix). I only recently noticed that they also stock Cajun tasso, which is a cured pork product used for flavoring diishes (think pancetta... but not as fatty, and with a spicy Cajun twist). I must warn you though, this tasso is a bit fiery. I had to sample it at home before deciding to use it in a pasta alfredo-type dish and the cayenne was up-front and in my face! Yikes! Ahhh, I do like the burn though...I also consider this one of my sources for German meal ingredients. They have the authentic weisswursts I grew up on, and they sell cans of kraut and rotkohl if you don't want to make 'em from scratch.For lunch, they feature a limited selection of their house-made sausages on a bun with chips and a drink for $5 as their daily "Brown Bag Special". This is a treat if you simply want to sample one of their offerings at a time. And their is a small lawn with a couple of outdoor dinettes behind the shop where you can eat.You know you love to snitch a snack, or sneak a sausage. So git yer snausage-loving ass down to Schreiner's!
5	Every time I drive past Schreiner's, I wondered what lived inside this wooden red cottage. I knew it red sausage on the sign, but it just didn't seem big enough to be a butcher's shop. Well, I am happy to admit that I was wrong and that Schreiner's is the perfect example of big things sometimes come in small packages. Schreiner's may not have a ton of flare, but they have everything they need in the gigantic flavor found in their sausage. This sausage shop might not be more than 1,000 square feet, but it's overtaken by two large glass cases full of every cut of sausage imaginable, including ground sausage and yes, even bacon. They also have slabs of delicious cheese, garnish to accompany sausage (such as sauerkraut) as well as condiments such as a delicious chipotle mustard that I purchased. I taste tested a couple different pieces of sausages thanks to the display of samples and decided to go with the Polish Sausage to BBQ. It was less than $3.00 for two sausages and let me tell you, they were large and in charge sausages. They were full of flavor and just the perfect amount of spice. I will definitely continue my visits to Schreiner's and I'm happy I finally stopped in to say hi to this little cottage!
4	Bet you never knew there was a Sausage Mecca in Phoenix.  So many great restaurants local and non local know about this place.  in cased meats are  done right here.
5	Literally the best. Always have free samples and are willing to skewer just about everything they own on a toothpick for you to try.This is a good first step if you dream of having a good relationship with a butcher like all those TV chefs do.
5	Fresh and best.  Enough said.
4	I tried a couple sausages I was expecting more from all the reviews
5	I bought a bone-in, smoked half ham (12lbs - whoa!) for Thanksgiving and everyone that ate it said it was the best tasting ham they'd ever had! Not too salty, and the perfect amount of smoky flavor. And don't get me started on the sausage! When I went to pick up the ham the full deli case of sausage was staring me down - how could I NOT take some home. We ate the chicken apple sausage with eggs the next day and they were beyond flavorful. You could seriously taste the apples, it was that fresh!The prices might be a little bit more than you'd typically find in a grocery store, but still reasonable, and for the quality of product it's totally worth it, plus it's locally owned!
4	Been coming here for over 15 years. If you are looking for a nice variety of sausages and lunch meats that are not just one ethnic group, this is a great place in central Phoenix to visit. Too many varieties to list them all.Today we got some of our favorites from the front meat case. Picked up some knockwurst, bockwurst, smoked andouille for homemade gumbo, smoked chicken with sun dried tomato and basil. Goes good with egg noodles and homemade pesto. Then out of the freezer, some bulk Sicilian for homemade spaghetti sauce and some of the tasty southwest breakfast sausages that Richardson's uses on their restaurant menu.They make and supply sausages for a lot of the great valley's restaurants. I had a friend who owned a local restaurant and he wanted a certain type of sausage made from a place from back home in OR. He made arrangements and brought in a sample of his sausage and they came up with a recipe that hit the spot and then supplied him with batches the size he needed.Come on down and give them a visit. Did somebody say SAUSAGE?3.5 STARS
5	First time at this place .Purchased the Portuguese smoked linguisa and chicken apple sausage . Wonderful!  This place is a must go to.  I am returning to purchase other sausages in preparation for our stay in Flagstaff .
5	Being from the Midwest, I thought we had some good sausage makers.  But Schreiner's takes a back seat to no one.  When looking thru several local menus, I noticed that many items noted that their sausages came from Schreiner's so I looked them up and stopped by.We've been back for reorders since.  Wow, are their sausages wonderful.  It's hard to name a favorite.  They do Brats better than my favorite Milwaukee place.  My wife loves their Sicilian sausages and we both can't get enough of their sweet Italian sausages.And that's just the tip of their selections.  I highly recommend a trip to their storefront for the sausage lovers among you.
5	this is a great little place in downtown.  we have been going there for about 10 years now and never purchased a bad item. they even have great variety and you really cant beat their prices.  Growing up in Indiana this place is just like the little places i grew up with.  always fresh and always good.
5	Excellent selection and taste!Polish Krakow is fantastic! Pierogi's are local (frozen) but, very good! Also got some fresh Polksa Kielbasa (not smoked) and it was tasty as well.Best for us was the chesse-furter - basically a cheese dog with a great snap and gooey cheese!I will be back for our next bbq!
3	Drove by this place since 84', finally decided to try it out, at first I was a little turned off by the young staff, not friendly at all, they didn't have Italian rope sausage, I had to pre order, very odd and the display case was very dirty and down right nasty.I did get the polish sausage and a few other goodies since I was already there.The flavors of the meats are brilliant and the meat texture is awesome.I will be back next weekend, maybe a different staff this time.
5	Nice place with fair prices and quality sausage.
5	Best meat in town!
5	If Ferris Bueller were trying to sneak his way into one of the finer lunch establishments in Phoenix, there is little question that he would pretend to be Mr. Schreiner, the sausage king of Phoenix. Giving them a 5 star review is preaching to the choir of essentially all the major restaurants in town that serve their product. But, to truly appreciate Schreiner's, you must go to their tiny little shop and engage your senses. I throw a party every year that is basically buying beer, buns, cole slaw, potato salad and mustard at Costco; then proceeding to Schreiner's to buy an obscene amount and variety of sausage to grill up. Buy some fat knockwursts and cheese brats to balance out the spicy beer hots and linguisa. Also buy some of all the other sausage because why the hell not? One of the cool places in Phoenix that deserves a look next time you're near 7th and Osborn.
5	JUST GO! I can't say enough good things about this place. I am here at least once a week to get my weekly pork products. Almost everything is made in house and fresh with no preservatives. Believe me when I tell you they have the best tasting sausage anywhere!!! The chorizo is an absolute dream and do not leave with out some in your bag! Make sure to also try their fresh lunch meats as well, killer! If you go for sausage I highly recommend the smoked linguisa. If you live even close to or visit PHX you have to go!
5	Consistently delicious sausages, whether uncooked or smoked.  I only wish the store wasn't so far away.
5	I had driven past schreiner's for ages and not realized that there was a meat store attached to their facility.What a gem! Best place to see locovores and Valley chef's on a daily basis.I pick up lunch meet charcuterie of salami's and pepperoni's sliced to order. Sausages deliver a whole treat, with several choices ranging from breakfast (maple, fig, bacon) to dinner sausages and everything in between.Bring a cooler and cash! You will want to load up.
5	LOVE Schreiner's!    Their products are of the highest quality and we are so happy to serve a variety of their artisan meats at our restaurant.  They are a great local business and good people --- they so deserve all of their success!
5	A sausage lover's heaven. Maybe the most impressive sausage selection I've ever seen. Whole Foods has nothing on this store. I think I'm in love.
5	The finest brauts around.  Fresh, family business,  selection is wonderful with prices that force you to come back again and again.
2	I hate to bemoan the passage of time and the change of ownership ( granted, that's been some time ago); nevertheless, that's exactly where this review is going. My mom is from Germany, and I can remember coming to this place back when the counter staff would speak German with my mom. The had the best liver wurst. It was firm, but not dry, and full of flavor. Now, it's bland and tasteless. I never liked blood sausage, but my mom and two sisters used to adore it. No more. The selection isn't what it was. Commercially, this place seems successful, with lots of restaurants proudly advertising their stuff. But the old faithful have been left bereft.
4	Finally, it was time to try Schreiner's sausage which we had heard so much about.  First of all we were surprised to find two young people behind the counter when we walked in.  Luckily, we were waited on by the young man who wore a glove to handle our meat.  While we were there, however, the young lady played with her hair, then helped another customer using her BARE hand to get the bratwurst he wanted, handled his money and was then ready to help the next customer.  We were grossed out!!  The meat was really good - we tried three different link sausages, ground pork sausage, and bacon.  We would go back if in the area.  If you go just be observant to be assured that your meat is handled in a sanitary manner!!
