3	I don't think it's possible to go wrong with a $5 large pizza. I rarely eat pizza, but tonight was just one of those nights where it had to happen. I reluctantly was dragged to Little Caesar's and was expecting to be grossed out. We ordered a large pepperoni pizza and BBQ chicken wings. The pizza was edible (not a fan of pizza) and the chicken wings were pretty good, nothing amazing or out of this world although a little too spicy for my sensitive palate. It was great for the price we paid. If I'm in a bind again and don't feel like cooking, I'll order from here again.
4	Little Caesars is by no means a 4 star pizza place - not even close. But I'm pretty sure everyone knows what to expect when they step inside this place. You're getting a $5 pizza, and if you get what you pay for, don't expect much. That being said, I have a family of myself and 3 men. Well, one man and two boys. But those boys are already eating us out of house and home and they're not even out of diapers yet. About once a month we go for some really cheap pizza when things get tight between paychecks and mommy doesn't feel like slaving away in the kitchen. This is always our store of choice, partly from location and also from quality. I've dealt with other LCs before on many occasions and have been served pizzas that taste like cardboard with a smattering of marinara sauce. Sometimes the pizzas are clearly old and stale. Sometimes there's no cheese on some of the slices. Not this place. I have never once been served an inedible pizza from this LC. The pizzas are ALWAYS fresh - usually many times better than we expect. But since it's a $5 pizza, I say again - don't expect much. The management team must really have it nailed down here. I'm a fan.
5	you get what you pay for. quick and good. crazy bread is crazzzzzy!
2	Today was a hungover, let's get some cheap pizzas kinda of day.  LC is right across the street from my apartment so we came here for their $5 Hot N Ready pepperoni pizzas.  The place is small.  There were a lot of people with the same kind of idea as I.  Not much sitting and standing room, so I felt like I was inconvenient to other customers, blocking the counter after I was done ordering, since I had nowhere else to stand.  For the pizzas and amount I ordered, I had to end up waiting 10 minutes because they didn't have it ready.  Completely understandable.  What really turned me off was the fact that the cashier kept apologizing to me every minute.  To me, there is such thing as over apologizing and this was a perfect example of that.  Maybe she felt like I didn't seem happy as my sunglasses were on the whole time, however, I had to end up telling her to stop apologizing as I was getting a little ticked off.  The pizzas were alright.  Not as cheesy as I would like them to be.  A lot of sauce and the crust was dry.  I bought 3 total pizzas, so I'm curious to see how they stack up against the cold pizza test.  Whenever I get pizza leftovers, I LOVE eating it straight out of the refrigerator.  I wonder how this pizza will stack up.Overall, I guess it's good for the price.  I personally think that I wasn't as satisfied as I should, but I did see a meat pizza for $9 bucks, so the next time I'm in this mood, maybe I'll try that!
3	Super CHEAP, and pretty good too.  I love the breadsticks and the cheesy bread.  For less than $10 I can feed my family, so you can't complain too much about that.
3	Okay I usually don't like say anything negative about anyone or business but here is my peace, I ordered a deep dish pizza and two eight piece wings. Given the wings are only $6, however they are like micro wings, almost like they use adolescent chickens instead of full grown chickens...Maybe they do, I dunno. I would like to point out that at no point in this review did I complain or bash the deep dish pizza. Ugh gotta have the yin with the yang I guess!!
2	Only 1 person in front of me, and you end up waiting for 20 mins for a regular 5.00 pizza...
4	I've never really had good from little Caesar's, until I moved to Hender"tucky". The pizza places around here, just aren't that good. Between hair being baked into my pizza, grease and awful crust.... I had just about given up on finding pizza by our home.One night, my guy brought home LC. I was skeptical. I mean, with all the "pizza" spots we had tried, how was I going to enjoy this ....?Gladly, I was wrong.The deep deep dish pizza has always been executed well. Crunchy crust, just enough golden brown cheese.  My newest addition is the pretzel pizza, that uses a cheese sauce instead of tomato, and has lovely pieces of salt around the crust.The thing that annoys me...There are only four chairs. Pretty much standing room only. And they need your ID for any credit card. I mean, really for a $7 purchase...?
