5	Had to call Choice because my car got trapped inside the garage coz the garage door was broken. I called one company that night but they didn't return my call - not even the next day or the day after that. I called another company by lunch but could not get a schedule that day. Not losing hope, I ended up calling Choice and was able to have a technician come more than almost an hour later. He went to my garage and began fixing it. After 1 hour or so, the garage door was able to open without a hitch. What made me even more impressed abut his work was the cost of the repair, which was less than the quote I received on the phone. That was the first time I had their service and I was compelled to give them a 5 star review because of the great experience I had with them. It was an outstanding service that I want more people to know of it.
5	My experience with Phoenix Overhead Doors was great! I had a problem with my garage door and they came out on the same day of my call to fix it. They came as what they have promised and gave me a quote that was much less than other garage door companies I've called. They did not even charge any additional fee for the same day service. Furthermore, they were honest, reliable, thorough and timely. They gave explanations and never left me in the dark regarding my garage door's problem. If you are looking for a garage door repair service, call these guys! This company will surely take care of what you need!
3	http://azsos.gov/scripts/TnT_Search_Engine.dll/ZoomTNT?NME_ID=508090&NME_CODE=NMELooks like this company is owned by Global Development Strategies Inc, who also own this company:http://m.yelp.com/biz/garage-door-service-company-litchfield-park
5	After browsing the web for a new garage door, I ended up landing on their website. I inquired about their installation service and I was answered by a friendly receptionist, who was kind to explain everything I needed to know about their service as well as about their company. They sent Rob to my house and he arrived on schedule. He brought with him some color samples, pictures and a portfolio about the garage doors they have available. He was proactive - giving us suggestions for the perfect garage door and explaining to us the different kinds of garage door and what makes them better than the other. The next day, Rob and the installers came back and brought with them the garage door that I have chosen. They attached it to my garage door and had it working in no time at all. When it was done, the garage door really looked wonderful. Would be happy to recommend this company.
5	I got home Friday evening and discovered my garage door wouldn't open. Only took a few seconds to find the problem: A broken tension spring. Called Choice and a friendly gentleman promised to send someone out between 7-10 the next morning, even though it was the weekend.On Saturday, I received a call from repairman at 7, saying he'd arrive at 7:30, which he did. Very courteous and professional. I thought their price quote was a tiny bit high, but I didn't mind paying it for such prompt service.Took the guy about 20 minutes to replace both springs. He even adjusted the tracks and oiled all the hinges. It works great again and is super quiet. The new springs have a lifetime guarantee.Great service. I wouldn't hesitate to call Choice again.
