3	This restaurant is located inside Uptown Alley, the new bowling alley/arcade/laser tag complex in Surprise. My husband and I were there on a Wednesday night just a week after they opened. I am sure they had some kinks to work out, but I would definitely go there again to eat. Nice bar with lots of TVs and a huge projector screen for us sports fans. The restaurant was clean, and the staff friendly. We were seated right away as it wasn't crowded, but I heard that there was a line out the door just to enter the building on opening weekend. Not sure if it has already, but the novelty is bound to wear off eventually. As for the food.... Blackened Mahi sandwich tasted good, but overpriced for the little amount of fish I got. The California Chicken sandwich also tasted good, and was much more reasonably priced. Two complaints I had about the food though.... sandwiches were supposed to be served on a Kaiser Roll, but were served on a hamburger bun. (I know it's tough to find good bread out here, but there's a big difference between Kaiser roll and hamburger bun.) The other complaint I had was in regard to the side of fruit. Technically it was fresh fruit, but it must have been an old batch. Soft, mushy and each piece of fruit lost its individual flavor. All in all, I had a good experience here, and look forward to going back.
1	First of all.... we went here to celebrate my nephew's 12th birthday.Secondly, the bowling alley/arcade and laser tag were all a major hit.... lots of fun.We decided to have lunch here... and I decided to have the Cobb Salad; the kids had pizza (which they all said "tasted funny"). Three-hours later... the WORST food poisoning I've ever EXPERIENCED ensued!!!!  And it lasted 48-hours!!! The most painful 20-lbs I've ever lost.I left several messages for the manager to call me back - but to no avail.I'm never-ever... EVER returning to this bacteria-infested septic tank.
1	Alright, I've waited until I settled down before I wrote this.  It's about a new establishment that opened in Surprise, Uptown Alley.  My wife and I used to be in several bowling leagues and sponsored several teams.  Then, we moved to Surprise.  I was excited when I heard about a bowling alley opening in Surprise.My daughter was celebrating her 32nd birthday.  We thought what a wonderful way to check out this new place.  First, dinner at the RED EMBERS with a few cocktails, opening presents with a few more cocktails, a birthday cake and a few more cocktails, followed by a few lines of bowling for the entire family (Party of 8), and possibly having in a few more cocktails.  This ain't gonna be no cheap date.To make things easier, and to add an element of surprise, we decided to take the custom birthday cake we had made to the restaurant where we were to have dinner.  That way, they could serve it for dessert, surprise my daughter and really embarrass her with "HAPPY BIRTHDAY".  We have done this several times, at many restaurants.  My wife takes the cake to the restaurant and is told they can't accept it.  After a brief conversation, she returns home, and not very happy.I call the restaurant, ask for the manager, and engage in a very long conversation.  I explain we're neighbors, this is our first experience with their place, it's my daughter's birthday, etc.  She blames County regulations for this decision.  I inform her that every other establishment we have gone to with this has gladly accepted and served.  She stands on her denial, based on County regs.  I inform her that my wife has several years in Food and Beverage management, including many years at Arrowhead Country Club, and that no regulation exists.  She stands firm.Not to upset the daughters, my wife and I continue as planned.  The food was okay.  Mark, our server was good.  I believe, as an attempt to pacify, our server comped a birthday brownie after dinner.  Too little, too late.As for the bowling experience, again so-so.  Too dark and too noisy.  Ghetto boys in the lane next to us did not enhance the experience.  We had our Grandchildren there and the language and actions from our neighbors was deplorable.Thanks for ruining a special day for our family!!!!!!!!
1	Food is sub standard. Food is an afterthough it is all about the alcohol. Turn the food operations over to someone that knows what they are doing. ACROSS THE BOARD mis managed, misses the mark for what they are trying to be and do from outward appearances.
4	When my husband and I went here we sat at the bar. My husband had ordered the popcorn crayfish and I got the hotwings. Im not a big fish eater but I tried my husbands crayfish and it was delicious! Food and service were a plus. Only bad thing was it was very noisy. The bar isnt really closed off from uptown alley itself. You can see kids across playing in the arcade room and people walking through to go bowling. All in all we had an enjoyable drink and snack before we walked over to the movie theatre.
2	Took my kids and nieces here awhile back. It's like the are trying to bring a little bit of Scottsdale to Surprise. Upscale designer food with upscale designer prices. Not good for kids, over priced. In a bowling alley you need options for kids - families. This isn't it. There should be something for them. The Alley is big enough to have a mom and pop diner among the mix. Good for dates, couples, over 21 people. Good for those who want to spend $20 on a caesar salad and soda. Which the salad sucked. My bill was over $90 (not incl tip) for 3 adults and 3 kids, for lunch!
4	Been here a few times, have no problem! We have had their pizza, burgers, nachos, and my favorite! Coconut Shrimp! Yes, this is a little pricier! Yes, Surprise is trying to be the West Valley Scottsdale! Nothing wrong with that! It's going to take trial by error to make things better! Some of their food needs to improve, but with the choices at that area! Red Embers is a must try choice!
4	It was Christmas night and my wife went out for our annual movie night.  This place was open so we grabbed a cocktail or seven and enjoyed all the other people celebrating their own post family Christmas.  The food was good and the drinks were poured well.  Staff was very friendly in-spite of working Christmas, everyone seemed to be in a good mood.
4	This is a nice place to get together with friends for food and drinks in the Surprise area. The staff is friendly, the food is upper quality bar fare, and there is an  abundance of screens if you want to watch sports. Don't expect a quiet place, though, as this opens into the bowling alley and the kids' arcade. But if you do want a more quiet atmosphere, go to the al fresco dining area outside.
3	I have to say the food has gotten better. It is still hit or miss with service but food is on an uptick.
3	The new menu is darn good. The food is good although the kitchen definitely needs a major improvement.  We waited 40 minutes for dinner and that is simply unacceptable. The managers don't seem to have a grasp of their restaurant and kitchen. The Juicy Lucy is really good. Hear flavor, big burger at a fair price. Everyone enjoyed their food although the two build your own burgers we had with bacon both had cold bacon. For $2 and 40 minutes I definitely expect nice hot bacon on my burger. Them again after 40 minutes what do you expect. Hopefully management greatly improves.  They have a very good product potentially.
5	Nice place for happy hour with great bartenders!  Holly always remembers our drinks and serves them with a smile!
4	I've been a number of times to Red Embers and have never had a bad visit. The service is always friendly and prompt though I will admit, it's a bit less prompt at lunchtime which appears to be the time of day when they are training newbies. I've had a wide variety of menu items and while none have disappointed, my favorites are the chicken pesto flatbread and the veggie tacos. Look forward to future visits!
3	Pretty underwhelming food....too bad, nice place, good bar, service was good, but the food was just eh!
1	Went there on Saturday afternoon to have a few beers and something to eat. I ordered wings but I wanted them to be all drumsticks, no flaps. The bartender declined and said they do not allow wings to be served only drums or flaps. First red flag. We decided to get the artichoke hearts instead. When they came out, I realized they are nothing more than the artichoke hearts you buy in a jar (in oil) and fried. The temperature was lukewarm but the pita bread that comes with the hearts were really good. We ate those, left the hearts, briefly looked around for a manager to no avail, paid the bill and went to another restaurant where I ordered wings the way I wanted them. I would advise you avoid this restaurant.
4	Grabbed a quick bite here on Halloween night,right next to a movie theatre.Service was friendly and they did a good job.Had as appetizer,stuffed meatballs,they were very tasty. Finished  off with lava cake,yum yum.Nice place,bar ,lots of tv's . Inside with a bowling alley and laser tag so there is lots to do close by.Great visit.Live music also.
