5	This place amazes me. They have SOOO many bikes and they are all in PERFECT condition. They have an awesome staff who always treats you like family. Totally recommend anyone looking for an awesome motorcycle experience in Las Vegas to check out EagleRider!!
5	EagleRider was amazing...the professionalism of the staff was very much appreciated and the motorcycles they had were beautiful bikes. They had a large variety of bikes to chose from and the availability was wonderful - we called the day before and they had exactly what we wanted. The bikes and helmets seem well maintained and we felt very safe using them. I can't say enough good stuff about EagleRider, we had a wonderful time thanks to them!!
5	I rented a sportster for 1 day on 4/9.  My experience with Eagle Rider Las Vegas was excellent from the moment the shuttle picked me up at my hotel to the moment I was dropped off.  The staff were very helpful with route suggestions, directions, etc.  The pick up was quick and efficient. I hadn't ridden in over a year, the bike was a little bigger than my bike at home and I had never ridden a Harley before so I was a little nervous at first.  But Mike was super comforting and patient with "introducing" me to the bike.  I rode a total of 300 miles to the Hoover dam (ok) and Red Rock Canyon (fantastic).  I was really sad to return it, but the drop off was also quick and hassle-free.  As an aded little bonus, the shuttle driver was kind enough to go out of his way to take me to a drug store on the way back to the hotel.  Overall a great and affordable experience.  Highly recommended!
2	First I should say I was not the customer. My buddy rented a Harley trike for 5 days. He prepaid for the rental thinking he would get a bike similar to the trike shown on the EagleRider website. When we arrived to pick up his ride and thought they were kidding when they showed him the trike. It was a black piece of crap sitting next to a good looking red trike. Again, we thought the rental guys were messing with my friend when they told hime the black one was for him.The red one had just come in from a ride and had a clutch problem. I wish I had a close up photo to put on Yelp to show the trike he ended up with. We are all Harley owners and pride ourselves on keeping our bikes looking good and properly serviced. This trike was an embarrassment. The paint was scratched, the fenders were scraped and it looked like it had been cleaned with steel wool. It was a mess to look at. The switch for the  radio volume was missing and the CD player worked intermittently.The EagleRider lot guy who checked out the bike said he thought this trike should not be in service but the manager did not really care. The good news was that we had no mechanical problems for our 5 day ride through the canyons of UT, NV and AZ. I would also say that the 2 wheel bikes on the lot looked to be in much better condition.If you are renting a trike, make sure you know exactly what you are going to get before you pay for you rental.
5	This place is great.  I showed up, without a reservation, looking for a very specific bike.  They had one and started to prep it for me.  Unfortunately, they found some mechanical issues with the bike, and rather than have me waiting around, they upgraded me for free.  I will definitely use them the next time I'm in Vegas and will recommend them to my friends.
5	In town for work, brought the wife along. Decided on a Tue night that it would be fun to rent a bike for the next day and do the Valley of Fire/Hoover Dam loop ride. Called early (7:00am) to try and see if they had a bike available and a rep called me back PROMPTLY at 8am when they opened. Nice!After a few minutes on the phone the rep found me a black 2013 Street Glide with a backrest, the exact bike we were looking for. They sent us a shuttle a couple hours later and in no time flat we were off!We did the loop, took a little longer than expected (7 hours), but we stopped a LOT! The Valley of Fire is beautiful, hot (bring water), but really amazing, the Hoover Dam, impressive, the bike flawless. It was interesting to ride such a big bike, I have a Sportster at home. Anyways, we're here dropping off the bike and awaiting the shuttle to return us to our hotel. No problems in, or out. I highly recommend. The experience is well worth the rate, very affordable in my opinion.
4	I rented a bike here for a 4 day round trip to monument valley, the Grand Canyon and some desert exploration.  The staff was friendly and very helpful.  The bike was clean,  well serviced and looking good.  I strongly recommend this Eagle Rider location. It was so hot I nearly melted, the staff gave plenty of good advice including to bring and drink lots of water (no duh... but it was a good reminder and a warning im sure many fluff off..... don't)Im not a fan of the vapid night life and soul crushing casinos of Las Vegas, but you can't get better  motorcycling within a 2 day radius anywhere else in the country.  So get the hell out of Vegas and earn the leather on your back! Grand Canyon? HighlightEagle Rider? Epic.
5	Great service and great staff!Reserved a Dyna, but was able to switch to a Fat Boy at the last minute without hesitation. 2nd time renting in the past year, and will do so again!
4	Along with another couple, we rented two Harley Electric Glides from EagleRider and set out to see the sights.Everything was smooth - pickup from our hotel, paperwork, and most important: functioning equipment.  We rented the same bikes we have at home, so no surprises or learning curve.  We found the bikes to be well maintained and capable with any scratches noted and reviewed before we took off.It's expensive to rent bikes, but I feel that for the risk the establishment takes (we saw a couple of renters wobbling A LOT and chuckled, but really feared for the bike, rider and innocent bystanders), the price was fair.It was October and we were out for 12 hours each day.  Never been so hot... 103 in Death Valley, or so cold after sunset.  So glad I took a coat and gloves!  We'll probably never do this again, but wow - we had a blast and EagleRider was a big part of a great vacation to Las Vegas!PS Pennsylvanians:  You think deer are scary on a bike after dark? (we do!)  Try free-range cattle, wild burro and big sheep!  Yikes!!
4	We rented a Harley Street Glide and were very happy with the experience.  We showed up at 9 am which is probably their busiest time.  It took us about 45 minutes from the time we showed up until we were on the road.  Make sure you know where to ride because they are so busy they don't have much time for suggestions.  Bike ran great and check-in was fast.  I would rent here again.
5	Saw an Eagle Rider display at a ride that showed they now do HD service for the public.Went over and spoke to Mike and Sal and made an appt. for Saturday for a tire change and fender replacement .The whole staff at the location couldn't have been friendlier and they kept me up to date on my service.Got a full tour of the shops, back of the house and insight into their business and  growth.Service was great and the prices out the HD dealerships to shame. I saved almost $350.00 on my work compared to the HD estimate.I'm sold on using Eagle Rider from now on for service and repairs (except warranty work). All their mechanics are HD certified and work on a fleet of over 300 Harley's on a daily basis.Thanks Mike and Sal for the excellent customer service.
5	We were picked up on the dot at 8.30am for our rental and given the red carpet treatment. Manny and the team at Eagle Rider made us feel like the only people in the shop. Yes I am in sales, and yes I can spin a yarn but never was I rushed;)We were so excited to tour Vegas on an Indian, my grandfather rode a 24 Scout so this was a dream ride come true. My lady and I rode all over, even to the Grand Canyon Skywalk, sunrise on the desert while riding an Indian is something everyone should experience. Polaris did it right, the bike is well sorted, handles smartly for a big bike, engine is smooth and pulls well in all revs and the ride was plush. Truly the Rolls Royce of motorcycles. The bike was perfect, the ride was perfect, the rental experience was perfect, she agreed to be my wife, and we agreed that our honeymoon would be on the back of a motorcycle! See what I mean? Perfect!I don't know how it can get any better, unless of course the Indian was ours;) But my lady wants one in the garage now! So that may yet happen! THANK YOU Manny and Eagle Rider LV for making our dream come true. HIGHLY HIGHLY recommended to rent from Eagle Rider LV!
