1	These guys at this location are lazy kids that were of no help to me and I will be going to AZ Mills mall to get my laptop and phone done. I had a gift card that my mom sent me from Florida. 1st they didn't have the case in stock and said it could be there by next Thursday which wasn't a problem but then looked at my gift card as if they were questioning the authenticity of it. They stopped after they looked it up in front of me. I thought that was really rude! I asked if they could find out if AZ mills had it and the guys said, "what, you aren't gonna be here on Thursday?!" LIKE THAT IS ANY OF YOUR BUSINESS! I asked them nicely if they could call AZ Mills mall to see if they had one in stock so I didn't drive out there for nothing. The kid "pretended" to call AZ Mills mall and said they had to order it too. Well I know that's a lie cause i just got home and called them to order it and of course, they had one in stock. Unbelievable! Horrible customer service, I WOULD NOT EVER RECOMMEND ANY OF MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY TO GO THERE unless if you wanna get di@%*d around by some loser kids.
5	Awesome stuff! Its better than any other electronic device protection I've ever used and it has a lifetime warranty. The customer service was top notch and informative. They professionally install it for you so you don't mess it up yourself. They also have carbon fiber color skins to change the color of your device, I chose Black.
1	Poor business practice!  I posted a comment on here yesterday about the crappy service I received in Fort Lauderdale at the kiosk in the Galleria Mall, but Ghost Armor continues to remove it when I repost, obviously to cover up any negative practices so the only thing that people see here on their Facebook page is the good stuff.  Too bad that the posting wasn't left for people to understand that the full disclosure isn't being provided, prior to closing the sale, as to how the replacement plan works.  The kids who work at the kiosk in Fort Lauderdale pitch the product, but they DON'T tell you that you have to return the old Ghost Armor film to get the next new one for $5.00.  So, I go to get the new one after the old one had been removed and I'm told that I'm out of luck.  The guy was really rude and blew me off with an attitude.  I contacted the corporate office and was told that I should have read the fine print on the sales receipt (buyer beware, they tell you all the seemingly good stuff, but don't tell you the important stuff).  So they pitch the sale and suck you in and then you're on your own.  Very bad, and it felt like part of the excuse from the Corp office was that the Florida mall kiosks are privately owned, but if I would go home, get online, complete a registration process, then call the corp office back again they would issue a warranty or something, then GO BACK to the mall to the rude punk... yeah right, I don't think so, for a piece of plastic!I would NEVER return to a Ghost Armor location or purchase this product EVER again.  If the corporate office blames the privately owned franchises and don't hold them to a high standard, then the problem is at the corporate level.Let's see how long this post is left before they remove it again.  Well it lasted 4 minutes the last time.  Ghost Armor is removing my post as soon as I repost it because they refuse to let anyone say anything negative, instead of resolving the issue, they prefer to hide a single complaint.  Bad business practice again Ghost Armor.  You brag about your product, but don't stand by good policy and allow your franchise operators to tarnish your reputation, which I don't think there is much of a reputation here because if anyone says anything negative you remove it.  Sneaky and disreputable.
3	I love ghost armor I love how the carbon fiber looks on my phone. I got the black Samsung Galaxy S4 wrapped with the red carbon fiber ghost armor and it looks badass. Unfortunately I hate their warranty policies, they make "lifetime" seem awesome but when in reality everyone upgrades their phone every contract and unless u get the exact same model phone ur ghost armor warranty is useless and ur gonna end up paying out in full all over again. Not to mention all the little fees u get hit with for 'labor' if ur material gets messed up or u need something changed. Not to mention this shit is insanely overpriced! They probably mark up their material 10x if not more. I mean $50 for a screen and back, thin clear plastic w a little adhesive? Thats more than double a phone case made with triple the material. Fuck me.... Unfortunately I love how it looks and run straight there everytime I get a phone, I just hate knowing im getting completely ripped off, I just don't know of anything else visually comparable to their 'carbon fiber' looking material. So for me its a love/hate relationship. I give 3 stars bc their employees were cool, quick, and helpful. The only thing that kept it from 5 stars is their bullshit pricing and warranty gimmicks,  I feel sorry for ppl thinking their lifetime warranty is legitimate, if u have the money to spend go for it, just beware ur probably gonna end up spending a lot more in the future if u plan on sticking with ghost armor
