4	This Harris Teeter is known as the Taj Ma-Teeter and for good reason. Located near SouthPark Mall, it's the nicest grocery store I've ever been to. The floors are shiny and clean, and the store is huge. The funny thing is I've never been there during the day. This HT location is open 24 hours a day, a rare find in Charlotte. My friends and I have all the way to this far-away location late at night for beer, wine, cookies, etc. It's always interesting at midnight as the employees are restocking everything and the aisles are eerily silent.
5	If this store isn't the flagship in the Harris Teeter chain, it's certainly the jewel of their Charlotte locations. Not that the other stores aren't great, but this one is just... greater.Open 24 hours, I've been into this store all around the clock. On the way into work in the morning to visit the Starbucks, at lunch time for a sub or a hot bar takeout, after work for a restock on the way home, and in the middle of the night to pick up some nibbles for the guys in the office when we work overnights. There's a rhythm to the store - watching the staffers restocking at different hours, observing them taking down the salad bar, putting out the free tastes, and the smiling faces at the seafood counter.The wine and beer section of this store is more than twice the size of any other with an amazing selection of imports and domestic choices from all around the world. The cheese bunkers are an inner circle for the excellent deli and hot bar areas also with a great offering of cheeses and spreads. I'm running out of adjectives to adequately describe the meat and seafood counters plus the massive fresh produce and floral department. The different pharmacist assistants have remembered my name, which is pretty cool to have that sort of treatment.Don't miss out on the sub station for lunch or grab some fresh made sushi to go. It's made fresh on site so it's still pretty good quality. Don't miss the "HT Trader" generic products with a slightly lower price, there's no reduction of taste or freshness.For a premium supermarket, you're going to be paying a premium price but if you want good quality and excellent service, it can't be beat.
4	The store, as other yelpers indicated, is definitely nice, exceptionally so for a grocery store.   It is a diamond in the rough for those of us who loath shopping with soccer moms during peak hours.      I have often found myself purchasing a case of Blue Moon, dog treats, shampoo, and cheap but gentle toilet paper at 2 am.  Pathetic?  Yes.   Convenient...Definitely.
4	Harris Teeter provides a quick and convenient shopping experience. This particular location is open 24 hours. I find that a huge perk for those late night cravings!Each time I have shopped at this particular store, I have had the friendliest experiences. The stock employees and the check-out employees are eager to help, smile, and provide great customer service. I was waiting at the Customer Service desk one night and overheard a frustrated customer talking about a particular salt made especially for popcorn and he was not pleasant to the employee. She handled herself very well and I could tell customer service was a priority. Harris Teeter offers organic and earth friendly products. In addition, you want to sign up for their V-card (or something) to save on deals throughout the store. The store seems slightly more expensive than other Harris Teeter's (perhaps because of the overhead and location).
5	I live about 5 minutes from this Harris Teeter and I have to say by far this is my favorite out of all of them. It is located on the best side of town and they have a whole flora selection. They also make fresh sushi and hot foods there. They have a buffet area during lunch dinner hours w/ a huge selection of food for people on the go. I love the fruits and vegetables that I get here. They are always fresh and taste exactly the way they are suppose to! I've had all the best grapefruits, strawberries and canteloupe here. They also have double coupons savings every! I know Harris Teeter is a little bit pricer, but you can still find things for a bargain if you know how to shop. I love the cleaness and freshness of this place. No stress whatsoever. I rather go here then Super Walmart anyday!
5	Headquarted in Matthews NC, Harris Teeter is a fabulous food market chain that operates in 8 states (NC, SC, Georgia, Virginia, Tennessee, Florida, Maryland and Delaware).  They also operate stores in the District of Columbia.  The Southpark location is often referred to as the "Taj Mateeter".  Open 24 hours this store has about everything, including an in house Starbucks.  Luckily it's located near my office so I'm fortunate enough to pick up lunch from here several times a week.  They have a fresh salad bar, homemade soups, hot bar (w/ daily selections), olive bar, fresh sushi, subs (Friday is $3.99 foot long special!) made with boar head brand meats, etc.  Harris Teeter is definitely pricier, but it's fresh, consistent, and their service is top notch!
4	Beautiful store. Gorgeous shopping center, I could live here! I'm getting a bed & a side table & a lamp and inviting everyone over 4 coffee
4	This is probably the largest Harris Teeter I've seen in Charlotte. There is a great selection of items, you can get great deals on sales here, and the location is open 24/7 with spacious parking.  What's not to like?I pretty much go here for all my grocery needs since this particular HT is close to my home. The employees are super helpful, and I often get lunch here you can get a freshly made sub with a bag of chips or apple and drink for about $5!
5	Oh Taj MaTeet--what's NOT to love about you?? You are the official mothership for all things Teeter, which is why everyone flocks to you and the reason you are open 24/7. You're the cure for a hangover with your breakfast bar and hot bar including chinese food and comfort foods of mac n cheese, fried chicken and anything involving the word fried. But on the flip side when I am looking for something healthy you offer me a phat a$$ salad bar with any kind of add in imaginable not to mention a sweet selection of sushi. I love your pasta bar and pizza selection plus you have a Starbucks nestled in within your being. I can't wait to get Teeterized by you again.
5	This Teeter is known as the Taj-Ma-Teeter for its enormous size. It's also immaculate. For a reformed Extreme Couponer, I can tell you, this is the ONLY grocery store where you can get some killer deals and such a wide selection. But first. Let's get one thing straight.  Harris Teeter isn't cheap.  Regular prices are indeed much higher than, lets say Target or Super Wal-Mart.  (Bleh. WM.) But when you shop their super sales and combine coupons, you can save a TON. The buy 2 get 3 deals are pretty generous too.  (Honestly, all those Crasins for about $1.30 each?!)HT is the only chain in the Charlotte area offering max 99 cent double coupons everyday.  Periodically, there will be super doubles, when you can double up to $1.99 coupons.  Then, about once a year, if not less frequently, TRIPLES.  During these times, yes, sometimes shelves will be cleared out by crazed couponers-- but no fear.  You can get a raincheck at customer service and the HT rainies don't have an expiration date. There's an extensive deli section, and a nice bakery offering free cookies and bread/spread samples.  There is a lady working in the cheese section who makes some killer pimento upon request. The $5 meal deals are a great value-- though I'm a bit weary of the Asian-inspired hot bar.  Some menu items are overly greasy...but I'm not complaining when there's a solid salad bar with lots of toppings right next to it. This Teeter is especially good on the customer service.  No matter if you're a big burly football player, or little old lady with a walker, chances are someone will offer you curbside loading.
5	The "Tajma-Teeter" of the area... this is a fantastic Harris Teeter with a full deli, full meat counter and full vegetable/organic section. Great place to grab lunch (incredible sandwich specials made with Boars Head meat), a fresh salad (you make yourself from the bar!), or a fresh meal from their buffet. They have a huge wine/beer section, their meat counter has all sorts of cuts of meat and seafood as well as fresh sausage (try the Sicilian, you won't be sorry!), and their fresh produce section is incredible! Best of all-if you can't find something, if they don't have it-they ask you-and they WILL stock it in the future. Oh, and don't forget the shopping service! You can shop online and pick up your groceries (already bagged) later!
5	Harris Teeter heaven! Pre-paired food section is amazing. Pasta bar, sammiches, $5 meals, salad bar, breakfast bar sooooo much good stuff. Harris Teeter is already the best grocery store around and adding all this awesome stuff makes it better. Even the customer service of the associates is exceptional. If i lived closer i would probably be here almost every day. I highly recommend hittin up the breakfast bar. It's got some of the best bacon ive ever had on it. Giggidy. Giggidy.
2	I just moved from Austin, and I've been searching for a good grocery store. What could possibly match Austin's Central Market - or hell, even HEB? I read the reviews of this place, so was expecting a Central Market of Charlotte, but I was definitely disappointed. This Harris Teeter just seemed like an overblown Tom Thumb, with the same dull grocery store items available in every other grocery store mega-chain, complete with a "savings card". Maybe a 2.5 would be more appropriate, but I decided to round down.
5	Recently introduced my wife to Taj-Ma-Teeter and I've learned it's near impossible to not fall in love with this location. Pros: Open 24 hoursGinormous spaceExquisite restroomsTons of sampling on the weekendsProduce is immaculate. Lots from local growers and farms. Cons: It's not closer to my house.One thing I like about this location is the accessibility for a quick lunch. Tons of options in the deli for a quick to-go box of chinese food, salad from the salad bar, rotisserie chicken, etc. Love the a-la-carte options. The parking lot can be a little wonky here, though. Lots of people cutting through spaces, through the covered walk-up, and the hard to see stop signs. Not a huge deal though. Just drive slow!Love this HT deemed Taj-Ma-Teeter!
5	Nice clean store but very busy and slightly smaller than some other Harris Teeters.
5	Did the first review on here seriously say this is smaller than the other Harris Teeters? There is a reason why people call this location the "Taj MahalTeeter". It is huuuge! Just look at their international grocer section, they have half as much stuff as an ethnic grocer. They have Asian, Middle Eastern, European, Indian, Latin American, you name it, they got you covered. One thing that stands out about this Harris Teeter is it was recently renovated, it now has a huge outside sun room dining area that sure to please. This Harris Teeter also has a Starbucks attached to the inside, with ample seating area. Great fresh seafood section, you can get sashimi grade tuna here, come on, how many Harris Teeter carries that? Very clean and elegant bathrooms, overall a great Harris Teeter that is more upscale than your other Harris Teeters. Very well stocked.
5	I called Morrocroft to find out whether or not they carry Reed's Ginger Brew. Justin answered the phone and looked it up on the computer and confirmed that they do carry it.  BUT, he actually went back and made sure that they have it on the shelf!  Now that's customer service!!
5	Easily my favorite Teeter.  When I am feeling like I deserve something a little better, I head down to South Park to the Taj.It's a massive place that has a great variety, along with a Starbucks inside. Also, has a nice ABC store next to it.  The self-check out scanners are much faster than the other current Teeter scanners as well.Treat yourself to a Mocha Frapp and cruise these aisles.
5	Found this grocery store, when my husband and I have first moved here to Charlotte. Harris Teeter has long since, been our go to grocery store.Place - I heard this store is one of the bigger stores than all the other Harris Teeter, so who knew?  The grocery store it self has renovated and looks nice, clean, and organized.  They have revamped the Starbucks here, and has a nice nook in the back for reading and hanging out with a chai tea or coffee.Front Cashiers - Are ever so friendly and nice. Seafood - They have a good selection of seafood, the people there are nice.Meat - The quality themselves, are good.  I remember one guy would not accommodate my request to slice the meat for marinating purposes.... I was not happy that one day.Deli/Hot Food - I really enjoyed the brand of charcuterie's Boar's.  I find their hard salamis to be delicious and fresh. I only ask for $2 worth of slices and I get a whole bunch -- just enough to go with my french bread and brie cheese.Produce - Fresh for the most part. I like their array of vegetables. The downside - a little bit pricier than what I am used to.  The organics are definitely pricey.  Sometimes, I cannot find fresh green onions here...Wine/Beers - They have mostly everything, and I really love their wine specials, when they have one! I always love going away with a good deal on a great Moscato.Overall, I like this grocery store.
5	The Taj-Ma-Teeter. The first grocery store my wife and I came to when we moved to Charlotte and we were blown away. The revamped Starbucks allows you to take your time, while enjoying a coffee or latte and stroll the aisles as you look for exactly what you want. And if they don't have it, the will get it for you. Make no mistake, I have to admit I do like the feel of the Fresh Market on Providence better, but with the Starbucks in my hand here, I'm ready to do some shopping.
5	Great Harris Teeter always have everything in Stock very helpful. Fresh seafood lines always moving very fast.
5	I work right by this Harris Teeter and I love it. They have everything you could possibly want. Great organic inventory. They also have a wonderful salad bar! My favorite grocery store.
4	I usually like to shop at Fresh and Easy or Whole Foods or Trader Joes - but I have to tell you that Harris Teeter's Express Lane service has won me over. I hate grocery shopping with a passion so being able to go online and use my saved shopping lists to easily shop for the week - and then just drive up and have it loaded into the car for me.. it's like a dream come true. I just wish they delivered and unloaded for me too. HA HA.. and if they could cook the food too.. well, maybe that is asking too much.It is a $4.95 fee for the person to basically walk through the market and shop your order for you and I usually tip whoever loads my car too...you can see sales online and even use your VIC membership card - so no worries that you won't save money - in fact, I spend less because I don't grab all those impulse buys like candy bars and cup cakes... yikes.I am very happy with the fact that they call you if they don't have something you ordered and ask if you want to substitute it.. so it's an actual person, not a robot or automated thing... very good service. I am hooked. Not all locations offer express lane, but this one does.  Check their website to see if the one near you offers it. Who has time to shop?
5	We went to this Harris Teeter just to get a salad from the salad bar and ended up with more than we bargained for!The food bar is extensive: salad, pizza, Asian, hot foods (American), sandwiches, desserts, you name it!  You have to look at everything first to figure out what you want because you'll get to yet another section, and realize you have no more room in your to-go box for anymore food!   The food was fresh, even on Saturday evening, when we went there.
5	The Taj-Ma-Teeter. Need I say more? OK so it's isn't "cheap." You want that go spend time with the Walmartians......(I do admit to going to Wally World though for SOME things.....and HATE it!). But this store has everything, including a really great butcher (for a chain supermarket), great wine and beer selections, and those other hard to find items (i.e., Truffle Oil). So you will pay for the convenience and quality that is offered at this HT location. Thankfully it's only 8 minutes from my house. Yeay!
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
5	Always able to find more than I need at reasonable prices.
5	This is a smaller Harris Teeter for sure but I've never had a problem with their parking or anything. It's also the only Harris Teeter with a kosher deli. No doubt that's due to this Harris Teeter's proximity to the Dell Jewish Community Center.
5	I am not normally one to complain about things being too big *wink*, but Lord Jeebus, this is the biggest friggin' grocery store.  Had I known that I would have to wander for 30 minutes to find a few simple things I would have requested a map and a Sherpa.  A semi-recent transplant to the Southpark area from Ballantyne, I am a Harris Teeter girl.  Specifically their online shopping because I hate people and I am lazy as shit.  After the quality of my orders from the Quail Hollow store continued to decline, I decided to try the Morrocroft Teet.  The difference was night and day - fresh meat and produce that didn't look like it had all of the air taken out of it.  Seriously - for $5 they do all of your shopping for you and bring it out to your car - you just can't beat that.Over the moon with the online service, I decided to stop by to see if anything caught my eye.  So.  Big.  The hot bar and prepared foods section is unreal.  Specialty items that the smaller Teet's don't carry.  I wandered for what seemed like an eternity, but I did manage to find everything that I needed and several items that I didn't.Beautiful store, great online shopping staff, if you shop their ads you can save lots of money.... I am a Harris Teeter fan and this is a wonderful location.
1	Completely rude and horrible customer service.I felt very uncomfortable and like I was a nuicance to the employees.I asked for a piece of cake at the bakery counter and the woman gave me the wrong piece. I was kind and patient and asked for a different piece. When the Jamaican lady, the bakery attendant, handed it to me I was looking at both and she demanded that I "hurry up and pick one". 20 minutes later I am writing this review that I will either A) never shop there again or B) every time I go in there target her for customer service and keep her waiting on me for 10 slow excruciatingly annoying minutes while i compare cake slices. Still haven't decided.
2	Your geographical orientation shouldnt be cause for bias.  And I have been to a lot of grocery stores.Seven words..It's Not  In Same BallparkAsWegman's Not even close...and I don't even have either near me. The HT in Concord did have Utica Club in bottles which was pretty cool. But this is a paltry imitation of Weggies.
2	I thought it best to give this grocery store many visits over a period of time rather than possibly encountering a bad day for an employee or department overall and potentially incur an unfair evaluation.  Time is up and two stars is the best I can offer this Teet. Yes, it is a large store with more variety and specialized ingredients, cheeses, meats, and wines than other locations.  The cost of a freshly made sub is fair, rather low. The salad, hot, and Asian bars are large; as is the deli. The seafood department is also large. The floral department has fresh flowers and the meat department is fairly well stocked. The brick building and surrounding neighborhood is lovely. All of the above is judging a book by its cover. Look closely inside. Smell the seafood department. Check expiration dates closely. Look at the cleanliness of the parking lot. Observe dairy products, lids of yogurt, handles on milk, again...expiration dates. Check the produce before simply placing it in the cart. The salad bar frequently has items that appear to have never seen attention. The hot bar is always in need of refreshing. Of course EVERY experience does not impart a bad experience (except for the smell in the seafood department). Greater than 75% of my visits have included negative observations. I will concede however, the inspection grades are standard and higher. One practice never observed is first in first out. Rotation of products based on expiration dates does not appear to be a practice here. This has been observed in the first aid/pharmacy, dairy, snacks, prepackaged deli, salad dressings, canned goods, and candy areas. Employees in the produce, sub preparation, and prepared foods have been very pleasant during every visit.  Other employees appear to be interested in making a paycheck only. Work areas are not maintained as clean as preferred. The parking lot also lacks needed attention. For what is considered the ultimate Harris Teeter, more attention should be paid to all details.  One final issue; I fully understand the workload of someone in the grocery business.  Regardless of business, when on break, please show greater respect for your employer, customers and self by not smoking in front of the store, leaving trash and cigarette butts on the property, and using foul language within earshot of customers.  Whereas the Morrocroft location is only 2.6 miles from my home, I prefer the additional drive to the Harris Teeter on Rea Road so I can avoid this location. Thank you and best of luck.
1	Charlotteans, you deserve better. For the moment, forget the customer service. What is with these people? Their bread is from LA. The frozen food selection omits any good entree line, e.g. Bertolli. Forget the cheese! Not one-not one, ripe soft-ripening (brie-type) cheese in the store. Boar's Head is the best charcuterie they have? Thank heaven we have Whole Foods, regional market, Earth Fare, and Reid's. Stop shopping there. And call them on their customer service.
4	The most extravagant Harris Teeter ever. Located in a pricey area of the city, but this place has it all:- large wine selection with tastings- dry aged, in store, Angus beef rib eye, roast and porterhouse- huge fresh seafood selection- Starbucks with small dining areaWish we had one near us.
