5	This is a fairly new climbing gym and for the newness I was impressed. There were alot of creative routes which I had fun figuring out and also flailing on! It seemed that the walls were kinda short though, I am not sure how high they are but they seemed shorter than 30 feet. But all the fun routes make up for that. AND then there was the bouldering area upstairs. Boulder-er HEAVEN! It was huge! And I loved the caves! It made me want to be a boulderer again! All the staff was super friendly as well. My "climbing partner" bought a new pair of shoes from the little shop they have within the gym. The guy working there was really patient and helpful in helping him find the right pair of shoes. As those who climb know, the shoe finding process can take awhile! One very interesting thing about the gym is that they make alot of their own holds! As I was climbing I thought some of the holds were interesting and ones I have never seen before. I thought that was really cool! Alot of creative minds at this gym and I love it!I will definitely be back to climb max. I just wish it wasn't so far away from where I live!
4	I've been to a few other Gyms in town, but I like this one the best.I don't know what happened with the previous review, but it's not like any experience I've had at Climbmax. I've been there many times with different people, and it's always been a good time.They do indeed have you pass a belay/knot test before they'll let you climb on your own, but I like the fact that it's 1-on-1 rather than a video like some other gyms in town. The routes are changed often, and so far I've always been able to be challenged yet still be encouraged enough to know that I'm still improving as a climber.A great gym at a good price.
5	This is the coolest rock gym I've seen, by far!I'm not an expert rock climber, but I have been to several rock gyms in California, and none were as large or well-designed as this one.Prices are great, and even better if you get a group together.And a very friendly staff, to boot!
4	this is a pretty cool place. i like the layout a lot, i'm pretty new to climbing.  I actually like going by myself just to boulder they've got a variety of walls to climb it's fun and it never feels overcrowded. prices are good also. . . sure the staff seems a little distant but i'm sure if you need help they'll come to your rescue
4	This was my first time visiting a rock gym and I had a great time. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Your first time it is only $12 including gear. My boyfriend and I had such a great time we ended up staying for 3 hours. We will be back!
5	This is a great place to climb in Tempe!  There aren't as many kids here as there are at AZR, so it's easier to navigate.  Never done any trad here because the bouldering is just so good!  There are tons of bouldering routes for all skill levels, and I find them a bit more challenging than I'm used to (but thats probably due to the fact that the rating system is a little different than AZR), but its fun to push myself here with tougher routes.
2	I really didn't enjoy my experience. I felt (from a beginner level) that the routes were poorly planned and the space was poorly utilized with random holds, unmarked. I only bouldered and most of the gym was top ropes so maybe I got a bad taste in my mouth, but I'll shop around before getting a membership.
5	i just started climbing a few months ago but thanks to climb max, i'm a  true addict! the first time i went i got great instruction and everyone was very helpful. the atmosphere is very welcoming and relaxed and there are climbers of all levels there. you can do both top rope and bouldering there and the staff is super knowledgeable. it's been a while since i've gotten to go but i'm looking forward to returning and signing up for a long term membership!
4	Climb-Max is a great gym period. Dont know what the previous reviewer (brian p) was smoking bc the bouldering area is HUGE. More room here than Prg for sure. Staff is good, gym is clean, decent prices for membership. All-around solid gym.
5	I love ClimbMax! I've been a member here, off and on, for over 2 years now. They have, hands down, the best bouldering of any gym in the Phoenix area. It is absolutely huge! I mean come on, you can boulder all the way up through a cave from the first to the second floor. How do you beat that?Also, recently the ratings for the rope routes have changed to be by community consensus. This appears to be making for fairer, more consistent and stiffer ratings. This place is constantly improving, taking into consideration customer feedback and growing as a gym and as a community.ClimbMax is absolutely my top choice for indoor climbing in Phoenix.
1	Went climbing here about 4 months ago and used their rented shoes.... Left with a minor blister-like object on my 2nd toe and to this day I still have it.... if you can, BRING YOUR OWN SHOES... unless you want some nasty looking growth on your toe :/
5	This was my first time going rock climbing, and I had a blast!  If you go with a group of 6+ they have a group rate of $11+ tax which includes gear rental.  Otherwise, the price is $18+ tax for the day pass and gear rental.  Greg was the person who gave us instruction on how to use the gear, tie the knots, and belay.  He did a good job, and was very patient as we learned the basics.  There are a lot of different walls to choose from, with varying difficulty levels.  Generally, the closer you are to the front entrance, the easier the climb.  After I finished scaling various walls (I started with a 5.4, then tried a 5.6 and 5.7), I watched in awe as people climbed up angles I didn't think was possible to climb.  Although my arms are feeling the burn as I type this, it was well worth it, and a great experience.  I'd definitely like to go again.P.S. They have lockers for you to use, but remember to bring your own lock to store your valuables.
4	This place is great!  It was my first time in years and they were so nice and retaught me everything.  They were very patient, and it is half off for your first time!  Such a fun, great workout.2 complaints (that were not too big of a deal)1. Very crowded...went on a Tuesday night and had to wait for some of the walls2. Walked by one of the rooms and it smelled like weed..not that I have a problem with that...its just not what I want to smell when I'm working out
4	I love rock climbing! However, I still feel like a newbie. The one thing I like about Climb Max is also the one thing I don't like currently, lol. It seems like an extremely advance climbing gym. Since I'm still new-ish to climbing, I find a lot of the climbs a bit too difficult for me... at any other gym, I'd say I climb consistently at a 5.8/5.9 but at this gym, I'm easily at a 5.6/5.7.  Although, when I get better, this place will be amazing. :)
4	Best bouldering/top rope course/lead climbing gym I have ever been to including dozens of locations in Phoenix, Chicago, NYC, and DC area. Loved the multiple bouldering areas, friendly staff, and great time I had here. Great courses for people of all abilities whether it is your first day climbing or 500th. Typical Phoenix rock climb gym prices which I am not a big fan of but understand. Wish it was closer so I had an easier excuse to come back!
5	Very cool spot to get back into climbing shape. Tons of climbing options and very well maintained facility.
5	I love this place, in my opinion it's the best rock gym in the valley. The staff is helpful and friendly, the facility is clean, and there's plenty of climbing options whether you're bouldering or using the ropes, and whether you're a beginner or expert climber. Pricing is around $18 if you are paying admission and for equipment and is good for the whole day, so it's a great deal.
1	Completely horrific experience. Purchased a special voucher online at signpost.com and the staff said they didn't know about it and then 15 min later they realized, 'ohh yeah, we did sign up for that' then when we gave them our voucher, he couldn't figure out to use it. Richard and Greg were the front desk people and didn't know how to treat paying customers at all. We were forced to call the signpost support when it was their responsibility in the first place. They did nothing at all to solve the situation, just dumb blank stares. I've climbed at many many gyms for 6 years and this is by far the dumbest and most terrible service that I've ever received. Why support a gym with no idea how to treat customers? We left due to the bad treatment and went to climb at AZ on the Rocks in Scottsdale instead. This gym won't last long treating customers this way and signing up for deals and not educating their staff about it.
1	The customer service here is outrageous! I will never be back here and recommend you take your money somewhere else. There are plenty of rock climbing gyms that you would be better off giving your business to a better and friendlier company. I walked out after 40 minutes at the front desk with out ever rock climbing and not getting my money back. Extremely disappointing experience for what was supposed to be a fun adventure.
1	Terrible customer service. Will never climb here again and have told friends of bad experience.
4	This was my first rock climbing experience ever and I'd have to say, it went great! I hadn't read any previous reviews on this gym, but the customer service was excellent. The front desk attendant (Zach) was also the person who gave us our intro into belaying. He was very through, patient, and friendly. After our short lesson, we were left to our own devices to explore. There were at least 3 different employees who asked if we needed any help or explanation - Zach even came back around to show us how to boulder some routes, super helpful! Originally we had accidentally signed up for the lead class (NOT for beginners!) and paid the non-member fee of $35 for the class. However, when the confusion was realized (that we had no idea what we were doing) and all we needed was a day pass and intro lesson, the owner gave us vouchers for a free climb and gear rental. The facilities look great, well maintained. Lots of varieties of bouldering and climbing walls. The labeling system was helpful to me as a beginner. I give it 4 stars because I haven't been to any other rock gyms to really compare. Definitely will be returning!
5	I took my friend's son (10 yrs) to the gym for the first time. I have been to previous rock gyms long ago, but he had not. The staff was friendly and helpful. The instructor Dave was great. Very patient and explained the procedures well, was very encouraging, and made us both feel comfortable. We really enjoyed the afternoon spent there and would definitely go back again!
5	Love this place! Lots of options, very clean, very reasonable price and overall a great option for beginners and experts alike. Just got my membership and will be attending on a very regular basis.
3	The flooring here is a death trap. I love this gym because they have a huge bouldering area, but I recently sustained my first sprain ever after landing in a hole in the padding. It took me a couple of months to recover and my climbing continues to suffer because I'm so afraid of injuring myself again. I am also constantly tripping over the seams where the padding has folded over itself. This problem has been pretty bad for a long time now and the fact that they haven't done anything beyond some ghetto patching shows me that they don't care about the safety of their climbers.
5	This was our first visit, and never done rock climbing before. Damion was our instructor, he was very helpful and stayed with us until we felt comfortable. We were there for four hours and Damion would check on us. It's a great place for all levels. We'll definitely be going back.
2	This place was Ok to bad. We had a groupon for the experience and the guy at the counter explained that the groupon did not pay for taxes so we'd have to pay the $3.36 to cover the expense.Seriously? Two brand new customers just walked in and you are going to charge them pittance for taking advantage of an offer that you agreed to? We will be contacting Groupon about that, it seemed rather chinsy to me. Then there was the belay class, which apparently costs $5. We have climbed before at Phoenix Rock Gym, and they give an instructional video and then personalized instruction in belaying at no extra charge...what is the deal here? We did not take the class, as the guy at the counter let us know that he could just give us brush up on belaying for free, thankfully.The routes here are nice, I enjoyed the various levels of difficulty and the well marked routes. However, there were a number of routes that were set on the wall but the top rope for them was not available, if you aren't sure what that means its the rope that allows you to climb the route without falling to your death.I was not impressed with the ropes, I even bypassed some routes because the ropes were really frayed and I am not sure they were still viable if I fell. Climbing rope is dynamic rope that does have a lifespan (number of falls, or stretching) after that, it is no longer lifesaving rope. A lot of the ropes here did not look good. I noticed that a few of the climbers that looked to be regular climbers, they had a bit of gear that was not rented, also had their own rope. Perhaps that is their solution to the rope issue?I was not impressed, I believe I will continue on a Phoenix Rock Gym. I hope nobody dies because this place has old rope. Perhaps that is why they were charging extra on a groupon? Also it was really hot in there...sure its summer in PHX but, c'mon turn the AC up, people are being active! The chinsy-ness did not end at the reception desk...
4	Been here a handful of times. It gets a bit crowded, but most climbers here are friendly and will belay for you when needed. Main drawback for us was it was slightly more expensive than the other we also frequent. However, we appreciate the fact that the orientation/quick training guide is facilitated by a knowledgeable climber in person rather than watching it on the tube.I've recommended this spot to my mates... and they enjoy it too!
1	I had a membership at Climbmax for few years and I just wanted to add my warning to any future climbers: This gym is under new management as of last year and any review prior to 2013 doesn't really count. The whole place needs to be cleaned, the floor padding needs to be replaced and routes and holds need to be replaced everywhere. Ropes are frayed and in my opinion dangerous. For a safe climb please go to one of the other gyms in the valley.
4	Patient staff took the time to show a first timer how to operate the ropes confidently.  Was having issues figuring it out and when he noticed he took the extra time to do a few trial runs until I got it right on my own (would hate to be responsible for my boyfriend falling to his death so thank goodness).  So really had a good time and it was a fun very physical activity to do with the boyfriend. My first time ever going to a climbing gym and due to the good experience I had with it at this location I will definitely be going back and maybe try other climbing gyms. The only issue I might have was there wasn't a lot of selection for newbies like myself. There was probably 6 climbs for newbies and it jumped from newbie climbing, to really advanced pretty quickly, and not a lot in between. Good selection for advance climbed though.
4	This used to be my favorite gym but they changed ownership and the place seems run down. Still the features and routes are interesting and the "super cave" - climb through boulering area is great! Lots of lead climbing and good bouldering. Staff is less obnoxious than PRG.
1	Went to ClimbMax yesterday with a friend. Walked in and no one was there besides the staff. We decided it was probably because we were there earlier in the afternoon and "Saturday business" hadn't picked up yet. We go up to the counter, mind you there are two people there, and they do no acknowledge us at all. We said hello and were thrown clipboards with liability forms. No pens given. I just reached over and got them for myself and my friend. After filling out the proper paperwork. The older man at the table asked us if we had climbed before. We both had, but not in a long time. We turn around to see two harnesses thrown on the floor for us to get into. We asked which way we get into them and he remarked, "I thought you climbed before". I said that I had, but in no way was an expert. After loudly asking for help with getting the harnesses properly fitted. The young man came over and showed us how to properly use the equipment and climb. His name was Kevin, I think, and I would have rather just interacted with him. He was a lot more helpful, patient, and had the capability of smiling and had some good customer service skills. I heard that this place has the best air conditioning and I believe it is because of the extremely cold reception that is received at the front desk. If I was that cold to people my AC bill would be nonexistent. Eventually more people arrived which made the experience less uncomfortable and I was just glad that I was there with some good company. My ranking goes. 1 star for Kevin. He helped out a lot. 1 star would have been for atmosphere, which was a bit chilly and weird that no one else was there for such a long time. 1 star would have been for basic common courtesy from all the staff. I felt like we were bugging the staff and inconveniencing them. Like I had accidentally walked into a funeral or something. 1 star would have been for equipment, which some seemed worn and needing some TLC. It is rock climbing so I don't like to feel like I am gambling with my life. Also the floor mats were lifting up and we kept tripping over them. A 5 star experience would have been all of the above.I wouldn't go here again and in fact, we later ran into someone who had a similar experience the same day. Word travels fast and I think that if they put a little more effort into their people skills that would improve their attendance and the ClimbMax gym. ClimbMax gym is ghost town filled with the ghosts of climbers past and will stay that way if their attitude stays the same.
1	I use to come here almost everyday for 3 years. I came in to check it out and not only did it felt incredibly empty (ghost-town feel), it lacked the essence of what this gym USE TO BE. The prices have gone up as well. I will not coming back to this gym until it is under BETTER management. Whoever runs this place lacks any experience and knowledge of the rock climbing community. Sorry, but I've seen this place when it was under the previous management and the place was like "home" to many rock climbing enthusiasts.
5	Bought the Groupon a few months back for the Rock Gym. It was my girlfriend and my first time ever climbing, the employee explained everything to us in detail and made sure we understood how to climb! They were very friendly and obviously with the Groupon it was a steal of a deal! There was plenty of wall space and different tracks/paths all over, the facility is huge! It was a lot of fun and something different to do. After about an hour or so my girlfriend and I were exhausted and our arms can already feel it. Would definitely go back and would recommend to anyone to go here.
3	In town on business and decided to get a workout in. I brought my own equipment, so I can't comment on quality of rentals, although they had a well stocked shop, so I'm assuming their equipment is adequate. If you're renting,  the performance difference between a downturned bouldering shoe, or a nice comfy flat shoe probably wouldn't matter anyways. The gentleman at the front desk seemed friendly enough, I didn't take a class since I was just there to boulder all by my lonesome, so yet again, I have nothing to say on the safety aspect or quality of beginner instruction. The bouldering cave was sweeeeeeet! I've never seen anything like it in all the gyms I've been in. You can basically do a 50 ft overhanging climb without roping up. If you fall, you just slip on down a cushioned slide. Of course you can't exactly start over where you fell, so just don't fall... Can't say that I consistently followed that mantra. There was also a ton of other bouldering routes upstairs and down. It seemed that the mix is 65\35 bouldering to top rope/lead routes. Although I could be wrong since I didn't get on any ropes.The main concern here, I'm probably going to echo other reviews. The floor leaves much to be desired. There were several spots with holes in it, so you have to be careful where you step. I didn't see or feel any holes near the walls, so you will be safe falling, but walking around might be a different story. The carpet seams are also upturned and will trip you if you don't pay attention. Of course I don't go to a gym to hangout on the floor, so onto the routes.I was fairly impressed with the thoughtfulness of the routes. There were definitely some tricky moves that required some thinking. The varied nature of them was also a nice touch. There were even a few that said no feet, so campus right to the top, cool. The grading wasn't the most consistent, but it's better than other places I have been to. Another gripe though, it was very dim in there, some of the routes were hard to find because the tape was hiding in the darkness. I'm sure that I could have got a few lights turned on, but since I was the only one in there for the first hour, no need to cater the whole gym to just me. The training area was also pretty good. Campus board, system wall, power balls even a bachar ladder. No hangboards that I saw up there though.Overall I was impressed with the number of routes and that sweet sweet boulder cave/slide. The flooring needs some major work though and I'm giving 3 stars because I should only be falling on routes, and not on floor creases.
2	Used to be a great gym, but management changed and it all went downhill. I used to go about 3 times a week and loved it, I was on team, had a membership knew the staff. After the ownership changed I noticed the staff change too, people were now very rude. Then I noticed the paths never changed, I mean like it took 3+ months before a new one was introduced. Next the bouldering padding, it was very minimal. It had holes, duct taped on some parts unsafe all around. I jumped down (like I always have) onto a part of the padding that was duct taped, in the shape of a pyramid kind of so the top was sticking out, and rolled my ankle. The staff told me it was sprained and that i should try walking on it. The next day I went to the doctor and it was broken. I was out for 3 months and haven't been to climbmax since. I'm sure if the management had never changed, it would still be 5 stars like it used to.
