4	A bit of a wait if you don't schedule an appointment. Friendly staff and optometrist, All the previous ones i've been to told me my left eye isnt a perfect sphere and one even said it's kind of football shaped. Here i was told it's not a perfect sphere but it's so small it doesnt even matter all that much. After the examination i was given a pair of contacts and was shown how to put them on take them off, the do's and dont's, a case and a travel sized bottle of solution.The whole process was easier then i imagined.
5	One of the best stores and optometrists I have ever been to. The store is very clean and open, there is plenty of seating available while you wait, that is, even if you have to wait. The service is quick and if you have any questions, there is always an attendant to answer. Their pricing on their frames are very affordable, and their insurance policy is great, they accept all insurances and help you get through everything step by step.The staff at Spring Mount Vision is astronomical, especially the doctor, one in particular. Dr. Kevin Diep one of the most polite doctors I've met. He makes sure you understand everything that is going on and any problems that you may have. His sense of humor is quite entertaining once you become a regular.Overall, this store is great for vision check-ups, or just to buy those new designer glasses/sunglasses you've always wanted. I would recommend this store and staff to anyone looking for an eye doctor.
5	This place is as good as it gets! I've been coming here for over 10 years and I always go see Dr. Diep. He is the best optometrist in town. He's extremely friendly, knowledgeable, fast, and efficient at what he does. The staff are also all very friendly as well. I never feel pressured into buying anything expensive. I always feel comfortable when I visit the store. I have been buying contacts, frames and lenses from Spring Mountain Vision ever since I moved to Las Vegas. They have all the brands you would want and / or need when it comes to contacts. Same goes with frames. There is a wide selection of different frames from generics ones, to Gucci, and even to Bvlgari. If you are looking for a particular frame that isn't in stock, the staff is more than willing to order it for you as long as you have the model number. Overall, my experience here year after year has been nothing less of phenomenal. Highly recommend this place.
5	This place is amazing. I had an emergency and needed to buy some contact lenses so I called to ask if they had it in stock. They did have it in stock and they stayed past their opening hours to accommodate me! Now that's what I call service! They staff is so so helpful.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Selection of frames and contact lenses not as extensive as the other Spring Mountain location.LIKE  The friendly and helpful staff. Location in Chinatown. Open on Saturdays.LOVE  The optometrist Dr. Chu was efficient, knowledgeable, and makes you feel at ease.
4	See Richard, my important piece of advice. He is not the eye doctor but he guided me through my out-of-state benefit coverage when my insurance is about to expire, and took the extra time to check and compare my old prescription glasses to my new one, and eventually discovered that the former helped me see better so i had to be refracted and tested again by the clinic's two doctors. This is the type of customer service that earns a customer, and with that, i highly recommends their services.
