5	Me and my home boy just had some grub. We had the ribeye cheesesteak and meatball and salad combo. The chef hooked us up with some sesame honey glazed wings.But in all seriousness... Service was great, food was awesome, drinks were delicious. Highly recommend this place!
5	Great service from beginning to end. We started with an appetizer called Fried Calamari Bibzy which is out of this world delicious!!!  We ordered the Spaghetti Pescatore and the Spaghetti D.O.P. - both were very delicious!!!
4	Restaurant was very nice although they play old gangster movies on several tvs throughout which makes it hard to pay full attention to the table... Service was top notch and food was delicious. Had the meatball to start and shared the rigatoni and the chicken parmigiana. The chicken was huge and tender but a bit too much cheese on top. Everything was going great until approx 9:15pm the music went from Sinatra style dinner music to blaring R&B and disco. It was quite strange and took away from the ambiance and the meal. The music was loud and awkward and with poor transitions. Great food and great service - just go before the 9pm discotheque starts!
1	I really want to leave negative stars!!  What a TERRIBLE experience.  If you are going to a restaurant so you can have actual conversation with the people you are with, don't go here.  Our friend used a ap on his phone he has and the music was at a 110 decibels.  That is like front row at a rock concert.  When we tried to have polite conversation with the manager, asking if they could turn the music down a little, he was down right RUDE.  Informed us that this was the 'Las Vegas experience'.  Wow, is that customer service! Ha ha!  The waiters even have to yell.  It was sad!  Also there was constant up-selling and you felt like a number not a client.  When spending the amount of money our party of eight did that evening, we at least deserve to be treated with respect.  Paris management, I hope you take time to speak with other patrons as there were several  complaining of the same items we were.  The food was good, but the atmosphere and staff killed it all.  So sad, a group of friends came together from around the country and we couldn't even enjoy ourselves.  Trust me this is NOT the 'Vegas Experience'....going deaf is not what Vegas wants for its patrons!  Martorano's you need new managers also,....so hopefully the owner is reading this too, hopefully you would have been embarrassed by their behavior.
1	This place was a joke!  We should have known the attitude we would get when the menu states "No substitutions", "Don't break my balls".  We went anyway because we were staying at the Paris hotel and needed an early meal before the show.  The atmosphere was very pretentious and awkward.  Almost every server that poured water or wine was a nervous wreck and shook like leaves.  We asked for butter with our bread and they brought one pat on a little dish for 4 people!  The wine was very overpriced ($19 for 4 oz.).  The meal was mediocre, especially for the price.  I'm used to high prices for fine meals, but this one really was a disappointment.  I've been to Italy many times and no place treated us like this one did.  My sister asked for salt when they brought her meal and the waiter insisted that she taste it first and stood there while she did it (she still wanted salt!)!!  They made you feel like they were so superior in their knowledge.  I would never recommend anyone go there!!
5	Seriously delicious. If you're in the area and hungry for an awesome Italian meal, definitely check out Martorano's new location on the Strip!
3	I love the Martorano's in the Rio Hotel! I am a Steve Martorano fan, for sure! I was excited to try this new location.My mom was in town so I thought it would be perfect!It was not perfect, but it was really good. And I am sure once they settle into this new location it will become amazing, like we  are used to at the Rio. The food was good, although it took a really, really long time to arrive. The service was good in a awkward, trying to hard kind of way. My mom did not lover her entree, unfortunately. So we asked for it to be boxed up, because she only ate 2 bites. Both the waiter and manager knew she did not like it, and after the long wait, If I was the manager, I would have probably comped it. I am looking forward to going back in to have some amazing Italian food.Once the "New Restaurant" jitters are gone, and they have there Martorano's mojo going!
1	STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS!  This place will not last long.  The servers act like frightened dogs.  The management is argumentative.  Your soda comes in a plastic bottle.  The music is so loud it could make a Slipknot fan complain about auditory pain after dining there.  The server tries to force you to order your entree at the same time as your appetizers and when confronted as to why you need to order our entree right away they smugly answer like mindless buffoons "Cuz that's the way we do it here".  By far the worse dining experience we have ever had in Vegas.  We didn't even get past the drinks before leaving that abortion of a restaurant. If you want a comparable dining experience for a lot less money, then do yourself a favor and go to the Double Down on Paradise and scrape the dried sputum off the floor and put it on a plate.  You won't even be able to tell the difference between that and  Martorano's complimentary bread with ground rat meat they place on the table prior to cattle prodding you into ordering.  I know it's an Italian restaurant so mind my French when I say this place SUCKS!
5	Great place. Great food! Calamari Martorano special is excellent for appetizer. You must have an appetizer before your main course because great food must be prepared from scratch, so waiting is a must. If you are in a hurry I do suggest eating at McDonald's. Please no substitute in the chefs dishes, let it be. Everything is prepared old school traditional family recipes.
5	Delish!!! Top notch service and food. The meatball is to die for and can't complain about the chicken parmigiana, calamari or gnocchi either.
3	Martoranos.  This was the toughest review to write from my last trip, and not sure I'll convey what happened in this review but I'll try.We visited the new location in the Paris Las Vegas hotel on 10/21/14.  We had walked by it during the day, thought it looked cool...liked the menu...so researched it a bit while sitting at the pool and decided that we had to go, seeing how SO MANY celebs and notable people ranked Chef Martorano's food SO high!  So we were pretty excited to check it all out and enjoy a great meal.We were seated on time at a table on the 'outside' of the restaurant, so we didn't get that movies on the wall, disco ball in the center kind of experience...but did enjoy the al fresco style dining and people watching in the Paris shops area.Right next to us was a group of 8 conventioneers, who were a bit loud from time to time and seemed to dominate the service as you will see below.We were greeted by Georgio (hope I spelled that right) after a good 5-10 minutes of perusing the menu on our own.  He dropped off an iPad with the drink menu, took our "flat or sparkling" water order, and explained the specials for the night, which I took note of a seafood selection that he described as a "seafood party in your mouth"...something about that was both comical and odd...not sure why though.  We quickly found out that the iPad was malfunctioning, if you pressed on anything it would just freeze.  So we were unable to check out any kind of special drink selection (we were thinking martini style special followed by some wine with dinner).  Georgio then became a bit occupied with pouring wine for the conventioneers so we were able to flag down his 'assistant' Jason (I think he was an assistant, or in training or something) who quickly brought us a new iPad.  Georgio then came back and took our order...not asking if we'd like to start with an appetizer, not asking if we'd like a drink, but simply saying "are you ready to order"...which led to her saying "yeah I want the martini, the seafood special..." him looking at me so i had to say "I want a Manhattan up with Makers, we're splitting the eggplant parm and I'll take the Buitoni Meatball"...just not how you serve a couple in a high end establishment.So then another 10 minutes passed.  The restaurant was about 70% full and the bar was not busy.  We had no drinks and had been sitting there for a total of 25 minutes.  Jason kept looking and then came over to say "didn't you guys order drinks?" to which he promptly went to the bar and resolved..bringing us our drinks moments later.Our eggplant parm arrived shortly thereafter and I have to say it was AWESOME!!  Probably the best I've had..and was a perfect size to split with a date.After clearing the plates and then taking a wine order (glasses, not a full bottle) the night seemed to be moving more smoothly....until the entrees.My entree came out but her food did not.  Jason was kind enough to explain that the food was all cooked fresh to order and sent as soon as it was ready, that they didn't hold anything in the kitchen.  Ok, I'm cool with that.  But who knew a buitoni (think thick linguini) and meatball cooked 5-10 minutes quicker than some seafood (clams, shrimp, etc..seafood party) over linguni?  Throughout this whole process, Jason was super attentive to our needs and seemed to really try and keep things going...while Georgio was busy trying to be cool, pouring drinks for the big convention table, and coming up with cheezy Italian style lines to say to everyone.The manager actually came over and apologized, and first offered another glass of wine (which we both had a full glass) so we declined..then said "well, just pick out a desert and we'll take care of it for you"...seemed to me a nice gesture and the right thing to do.Her food finally came out and I do have to say we both LOVED our meals.  I had the best friggin' meatball ever and she had an awesome seafood dish.  The food at this place is worth every penny of the price.Jason continued to check in on us, making sure things were going smooth...while Georgio continued posturing for everyone.  Ever see a person who thinks he's a special gift to everyone, and has no clue he is actually really cheesy and borderline annoying?  Anyway...We went on to split a desert (thinking this was on the house)...tiramisu.  Now, I'm not even a fan of tiramisu but holy smokes..it was AWESOME!!We were then brought the bill...which of course did not have the desert or anything comped...but at that point we didn't really want to make a big deal and just settled up.  Funny that on our way out, we asked to have our photo taken and who stepped up?  Yep, Jason!  We thanked him for taking care of us all night and actually tipped him separate, fearful that the tip on the bill would all go to Georgio.  My hope is that if anyone from the restaurant reads this, GIVE JASON A PROMOTION!  He was outstanding!!Food: 5  Georgio: 2  Jason: 5  Mgr: 1
1	Bottom line don't go !!!  They push the over priced specials.  Will not serve plain old tap water then charge you big time for bottled water.  And the owner says don't break my balls this is the way I cook.  Well first of all your not there cooking.  I'm Italian the food has to much Garlic and to much salt. OVER PRICED OVER PRICED OVER PRICED .  My recommendation go some where else.
4	This place is great !  Came in and was greeted by hostess immediately, bar / restaurant had some old Blk/Wht movies playing.  My guest was super impressed with the light board menus. Manager came by the table during my meal to thank me for business.  Great vibes just like the spot in Frt. Lauderdale.  Your going to want to grab an order of Rice Balls, Truffle Fries, Clams Casino, Tagliatelli and a Veal Parmigiana and a glass of Barolo.  Thank me later.
1	I am in the Paris Hotel every weekend, so I thought I would take family there to try it. Very underwhelmed and can't really see what the hype is all about. Service slow (Sunday night in December) we ordered the Calamari as an appetizer (which was OK) and literally a minute after another waiter showed up with our Entrees! The look on his face when I asked him to come back later was priceless! We both had the Veal as Entrees, when It came back the second time, I was very unimpressed. It was just a piece of Breaded Veal with a thick sauce and sliced Parmesan cheese.  No Veg, no sides, nothing. The sauce had huge pieces of a very spicy pepper, I love hot and spicy food, but this didn't go with the dish at all. It's an expensive place, my wife works for Caesars ent, so we got a discount. To be honest.... There's far better Italian restaurants in Las Vegas for the same prices.
1	If you want to spend $161.00 for food that tastes like Olive Garden then eat here.  Be careful with the waiters daily special. My Chilean Seabass was $62.00, now I think he should of mentioned that when I was looking at ordering the veal for $28.00.  I'm a foodie and I don't mind spending the money on good food but this is nothing special at all.  You pay for the ambience and food presentation.   I learned my lesson - always ask the price of a special.
5	Very surprised by the 3 star rating. My wife and I give it 5 stars!   Everything was delicious,  from the meatball salad appetizer  to the chicken parmigiano.  My wife had the special California  sea bass with lump crab. Setting was perfect and service was superb!
1	If you want to spend $161.00 for food that tastes like Olive Garden then eat here.  Be careful with the waiters daily special. My Chilean Seabass was $62.00, now I think he should of mentioned that when I was looking at ordering the veal for $28.00.  I'm a foodie and I don't mind spending the money on good food but this is nothing special at all.  You pay for the ambience and food presentation.   I learned my lesson - always ask the price of their daily special.
3	My wife likes the Matarano story, bought the book, I kind of read a few parts. Great story, pretty good recipes, and was pretty excited to try the new place in the Paris. Went for lunch and was impressed by the trendy upscale decor..Had sports and a n old gangster movie on the t.v.s. I like both so cool. We ordered the bucatini carbonara and the bucatini meatball with red gravy, and truffle fries...both pasta dishes were pretty good. Carbonara had the white Parmesan sauce which was my favorite, other one was pretty solid with one good sized delicious meatball..good but $28 at lunch time good???not sure..Truffle fries were flavorful slash a.little salty..$80tab for lunch seems to make me not like it as much as I hoped..Maybe I'll return for dinner to give a fair review..Cool and friendly waiter was a plus..#yocuz Lower ur lunch prices..haha..
