4	Recently bought a dishwasher at Lowe's.  Dishwasher was a complete nightmare!  Didn't clean dishes well, so noisy.Called Lowe's to complain.  Their installation dept. worked with me the whole way.  They sent  service guys out twice and then the machine was deemed  a "lemon."  The Installation Dept. at Lowe's has amazing service.  They ended up replacing the  dishwasher.  Even though the experience of having a horrible dishwasher was bad, the service actually made up for all theaggravation.
5	Wow, since my last post, I've replaced that dishwasher and I'm on my 2nd one. This one's a lemon too!!  I went in the other day to replace this one. They gave me an upgrade and I had to add an add'l $75 but I'm upgraded and waiting for the new one to come in. Third time's a charm?  We'll wait and see.  Thanks Lowe's...so far, you've been amazing.
5	Best lowe's ever . People are nice and proffesional and they exactly know what they're doing. Defenitely a 5 stars.
1	Since I feel Lowe's has already wasted enough of my time, I will just post the email I sent to Lowe's customer service site.  The comments about this location can be found in paragraphs 2 and 3:I am an extremely dissatisfied customer after trying to purchase your Greenfiber Blow-in attic insulation with the advertised free 24 hr machine rental.  I first visited store location #1204 on my way home from work Wednesday 3/23/11 around 5:30pm to obtain details on the purchase/rental conditions.  First, it took me about 10 minutes to locate a sales associate and I actually had to find someone in a different department.  She was actually courteous and professional and directed me to ask for details at the commercial sales counter.  I found someone near the commercial sales counter that offered to contact some one to answer my questions.  The contacted associate arrived and  informed me that the employees for the counter leave at 4pm.  I asked for details on the deal and he said it was a 20 bag minimum purchase for the free rental (which is what I read online).  I asked, if I purchase the product in advance can I then reserve the rental for a later date.   He stated that he couldn't give me full details on the rental deal, but if I called back in the morning to the commercial sales desk after 7am, that they would be able to reserve the machine for me.  When I called the next around 9am 3/24/11, the lady informed me that they do not reserve that machine and the best thing to do would be to call Saturday morning and see if a machine was still available to rent or come in first thing in the morning. My wife and I chose to come in at the time the store opened at 6am on Saturday 3/26/11.  When we arrived we headed straight to the commercial sales desk and were informed we had to go to customer service to rent the machine.  We walked across the store to customer service and there was some in line renting the machine.  I had seen two machines next to the product that looked used, so I asked if there were more than one machine.  I also asked another employee for the phone number to the Scottsdale store #0792 to check their availability on the machine rental, as it was the next closest store to our home.  I called this store and the employee in commercial sales stated they did have a machine available, but he could not hold it for me as it is first come first serve. By this point the customer service desk looked up on their computer and stated the N. Phx store only had one machine available for rental. Next, we headed straight for the store #0792.We arrived at store #0792 about 6:40am.  We headed straight for the customer service desk, as that was where store#1204 had told us that is the desk that handles rentals.  Customer service promptly told us to go to commercial sales for rental, which we immediately did.  When we got to the commercial sales counter the employee did remember my call.  When he looked up in the computer for the machine he found it had actually been rented before I called. He apologized and I expressed my frustration with both store locations and that was going to take my business elsewhere.In general, I find this first come first service policy for tool rentals does not meet the needs of the "do-it-yourself" customers I would think Lowe's would like to attract.  It is extremely inconvenient. Most of us work full-time and are trying to complete our project on what little "free time" we have.  In larger projects we are also generally trying to coordinate with family and friend's schedules to complete the project.  We DO NOT have the time to be waking up at the crack of dawn every weekend in hopes that we will be the first "lucky one" at the desk to rental the tools we need to complete our projects.   I understand your company may have had past problems with people reserving tools and then not picking them up, which may have led to the first-come-first-serve policy. However, I think there would be better options to allow reservations, like have a small deposit due to hold a reservation or a 30 minute pick up timeframe.  Those are just a few ideas.  I also would have had no problem purchasing the $200+ for the product, if a future reservation would have been promised.   Finally, at this point in time I will not be doing business with any Lowe's location and I will inform my family and friends of this negative experience with your company.  I have spent over 2 hours this week getting the run around from these 2 stores and we did find another source to obtain the materials I need to complete my project.   I will post this letter under both store locations.
2	Ok, I did get response from both the national Lowe's website customer care and the manager of the North Phoenix store within 2 days.  The National customer care only forwarded my email to the North Phoenix store. The manager at the North Phoenix store did apologize, admitted his employees were misinformed, stated the issue was addressed with the employees and that the problem would not happen again. However, considering I received about 3 different stories from the employees and the manager was not specific in his email, I still have no idea what the rental policy is at Lowe's for the item I wanted to rent. I will give them an extra star for responding and stating they have addressed the issue, but I will be in no rush to return to Lowe's. I believe I have found another source for the equipment and materials I need, now I just need to find the time extra help to do the project...
4	I am finding that I like this place a hell of a lot more than The Depot! This particular Lowe's is clean, organized, the staff is helpful and friendly, all the things you'd want in a home improvement/hardware joint.
5	Great selection and fair prices. We've been shopping here for the past few months, mainly for plants. Totally satisfied with our purchases so far.We exchanged something without a receipt today and it was returned to credit card we paid with. I understand that if you pay with cash and give your phone number upon checkout you also don't need a receipt. I appreciate businesses that value their customers and allow hassle-free returns and exchanges.
5	For big box building stores, it is as good as it gets. The whole vibe is head and shoulders above Home Depot. They have very helpful employees to help you find what you are looking for, albeit I do not have to ask as much for some reason while at Lowes. I guess they don't have their head up their asses when shelving items. The paint department is very helpful and really try to educate you on the products for your specific use. They do seem to be a little bit higher in price, but the shopping experience is worth it.
1	Does this place still exist?  I drove around this area for 15 minutes looking and the best I can gather is that this Lowe's got converted into a Steinmart.  Lame.
5	I went to lowes today to get eveerything I needed to remodel my bathroom. They had everything I needed and the person helping me named Desiree was the absolute best customer service employee I've ever dealt with at lowes,, Incredible service.
4	One of my goals for 2013 is to start a vegetable garden. No one in in my family gardens and while all of my friend are excited about the idea of me having a vegetable garden, none of them could offer suggestions/tips/tricks/basic information that I need in order for it to be successful. Thankfully, Lalanie was working at Lowe's the day I decided to shop for garden necessities.Lalanie was gardening herself when she noticed me browsing the merchandise with a baffled look and asked if she could help me. I told her my goal and that all I was capable of doing was digging the hole in my backyard. She laughed and showed me everything I needed and informed me what I can plant now, that will resist the frost, and what I can plant in the warmer months. She also shared some delicious grilling recipes that I can try once my garden produces yummy vegetables.Lowe's had everything I needed and the customer service was amazing. While I do hear Lowe's has higher prices, I wasn't shocked with the amount I spent on supplies. I will definitely come back here when its time to start my next crop!
2	I went to Lowe's in search of a garbage can with wheels. My sister and I entered through the plant department. As we entered there was a large rack of small plants that were 50% off the listed price. It was a handwritten sign, the message was easy to understand and very clear. I didn't see any other pricing on the plants that made this misleading. As we walked through I saw a cashier running around watering some plants. We began the search for the elusive can. In the past, I had seen employees wearing company vests in various areas of the store. I'm pretty sure I walked a secret path where all employees were invisible. While staring up at the signs I finally catch a glimpse of an employee behind a lighting desk. I say hello and explain what I'm searching for. There was no smile, no greeting, no friendly tone of voice, I felt as though I was an inconvenience to this individual. We follow the directions and find the can. We decide to pay and exit through the plant department. On the way we see another rack of various sized plants and flowers. This rack had a printed "50% off" sign. We saw the original pricing tags in white and other tags in yellow.  In some cases the yellow tag was not 50% off the white tag. The sign didn't say 50% lowest price or price marked is 50% off. We banter back and forth between ourselves trying to make sense of it all. It would have been simple to ask a CSR...but there were none to be found! We arrive in checkout and the CSR is friendly, outgoing and helpful!! We donate to their current promotion, (sign the shamrock- they hang it and it will help some organization). I normally shop at Home Depot and will continue to after I have spent the remaining money on my GC. This was a great opportunity for Lowe's to WoW me away from HD. It could happen on my next visit, afterall we eventually found an employee that did their job beautifully. Anything is possible! Good Luck Lowes on the next go-a-round.
4	Like Home Depot this is a toy store for big boys.  While they have much the same as any other hardware store, some items are different brands. The staff was very friendly making our trip very pleasent.
4	We've spend a lot of time over the years in both Lowe's and it's more basic twin HD. Of the two, we tend to prefer this Lowe's, but we still shop in both. The HD over on 90th Street & Via Linda seems to get the better selection of potted plants and  garden vegetables, over the HD on Northsight. This Lowe's for the most part beats them both. For large palms, Mexican Windmill and Date, HD Northsight does pretty well. We shopped here recently, looking to upgrade our oven and microwave. But ended up buying them both at Best Buy's new division Pacific Appliance. Lowe's selection was very good and their prices were competitive. Things like lighting, tiles and carpeting -- Lowe's has the better selection over HD. We recently needed to replace some tile work in our upstairs bathroom and HD only carried 18" x 18" stone instead of the 12" x 12" carried here. So it becomes an item, by item thing in the end.  We prefer Lowe's, because of the variety and selection. But if we're out looking, we're usually stopping in both. LOL
5	Everyone is so helpful, specially Lynn in the window treatment department.  She is very knowledgeable and eager to help you!
4	My husband and I just bought a house and that means numerous shopping trips to Lowe's and Home Depot. Luckily this Lowe's is close to both home and work. We came on a Sunday and it wasn't too busy. We were able to leisurely walk around looking for the items we needed. I saw a ton of stuff we didn't need, of course, but it was fun to look nonetheless. This Lowe's has a rather large selection - both inside and at the gardening center. The employees were helpful and able to show us to the items we couldn't find. I'd definitely recommend this location. It has easy access and a large parking lot.
5	If you're looking for blinds, first go to HD. Then visit Lowes to see the difference! You must search out Lynne Brown to help you. She is fantastic! I have shopped there for plants, door hardware, and even for help with a broken shopping cart. Everyone is so helpful. There is a lookalike Pres Clinton who is so knowledgable in hardware. I love this Lowes. Coffee is the only thing wonderful they are lacking!
5	We were in the market for a new garage door opener as our remotes had stopped working.  Steven in Millworks was a superstar!  He was taking care of another customer when we arrived in the department, but as soon as he was finished his whole attention was focused on us.  He efficiently set up the Lowe's installation team to contact us to install the door opener.  He gave us the price for installation.  When we mentioned that the competitor's price for installation was less, without hesitation he said that he would make an adjustment at check out to match their price.  When he was done with the paperwork, he personally walked us to the check out area, opened a cash register,  and checked us out to make sure the adjustment was made.  This guy is the epitome of customer service.  Great job!
5	I am normally not a fan of the whole warehouse stores, I prefer to keep my money local and support local businesses. Recently tho we undertook a huge project if remodeling our whole house. After not being impressed with the selection of items from the "other" store we decided to give lowes and try and boy am I glad that we did! They have a great selection in every department and much higher end choices that designer wld actually use. I will keep going back here
1	I  purchased a dish washer and a oven one month ago from Lowe's and they were to install as well. I still do not have the oven and I have called and been kept on hold for 30 min. at a time with no one that has any idea of how to help I just get passed around the whole store until someone just decides to hang up. This has been going on for weeks. I will never  purchase anything from Lowe's again.
5	If you need any appliances go talk to Terry!! She's a superstar when it comes to helping you find what you want!
5	Lowe's knocked my socks off today.  Like a typical lady, I'm not a huge fan of hardware stores (well, there ok for days when I feel like scoping for dudes). After my visit today, I realized something:  I went in and out of Lowe's to get the item I needed to purchase, a copy of a key, and paid without even talking to a person! :) Did you know that you can make a copy of a key with a kiosk now?!?!  It's quick, easy, and costs less than $2.00...pooofff!  My mind was blown.  Next, I set out to find the item I needed to purchase (nail hole wall repair) and found it quickly.  I then paid with self-checkout.  No need to talk to a person....I kind of like this painless and antisocial way of shopping at a hardware store! hahahaha!
5	I love this Lowe's, it is super organized and really clean and nice.  I usually come to get flowers and plants for my yard.  Yesterday, I needed a faucet.  While I was there, I decided to check on carpet, my twins have been a little rough on the carpet in the living area and I wanted something that I can put for the next couple of years, until they grow up.  They ride these ex-rollers around, so  I need something durable.  Chris was very helpful, I was about to get a berber and he steered me clear from it.  His suggestions made so much sense.  I was so happy we were able to talk to him.
1	What a great store, not only are you completely ignored from staff, but they are pretty understaffed or lazy.  Unfortunately I have been waiting in the appliance area for about half an hour to buy a washer and not one person is there to help me buy it.  They are busy helping other customers who "want" to buy whereas I already am ready to buy.  This is the unfortunate result of customer service from monopolistic companies.
1	Don't order an appliance from them to be installed---seriously. They contract out installers who are useless. Took a day off of work and waited all day for some guy to show up and immediately say he couldn't install my appliance as he didn't have the right part. How is that even possible when you have the appliance on your truck and should be prepared!? Not hard to imagine it was the end of the day and the guy wanted to go home. I missed a day of work for that B.S.Called Lowe's to reschedule and they act like it's my fault! Best thing to do---buy it elsewhere and pay someone decent to install the appliance. You'll save time, money and not be really irritated. I've shopped here for YEARS and this is the first time I've ever been so irritated.
1	Terrible customer service and website cost me $100 as their website let me place an order online, while I had an installer working on the project. I got an email saying it was ready for pick up and was 10 miles away from home before they called me to say they did NOT have any of what I needed. I had checked twice in the two days before today to make sure they had stock at other stores as my local store was out. So since I was driving I asked them to check stock at other stores (as I had already checked the one 3 miles from my house). She told me there is NONE anywhere in the state as it is special order. So I sent the installer home, and now it is going to cost me another trip charge to come back to finish the job.So then I call their Corporate 'Customer Care' line who finds stock 25 miles from my house and tells me they can give me 10% off for my trouble. I already had 10% off on line from coupons so this was insulting. Then they promised to call me back, and never did.Between their website that will tell you one store is out of stock and another has stock even though they have NONE, and a Customer Service person giving out mis information, I will have to spend my time and gas to go get the products, and pay an additional trip charge to my installer. At least if the Customer service person took the time to check, I could have driven and gotten the product and gotten my project done today, with 'just' my time and gas being wasted.
1	I don't know how this store is getting 4 stars.  Went there yesterday for a number of items.  Bought maybe 1/5 of what I was looking for.  The final item that I wanted was a hand cleaner such as Goop which mechanics used the clean their hands.  I asked two lady employees who were chatting it up and they told me aisle 63 or 69.  I wandered in the direction they pointed to and as I passed another Lowe's employee, he asked me what I was looking for.  I told them aisles 63 or 69.  He smiled and said, "we don't have those aisle numbers".  He then proceeded to escort me personally to where the cleaner might be.  It was not there and told me to wait for him that he would find out.  Well, it was about 8 minutes and I was standing there like a fool and decided to give up on this purchase.  On my way out of the store I saw him and he apologized for keeping me waiting but discovered that they did not carry the brand I was looking for.  As for the ladies who misled me to those nonexistent aisles.  I hope you had a good laugh while I was walking around looking for the aisles.  Perhaps that was my punishment for interrupting your chat fest.
5	OMG I love this place. My wife and I had our kitchen remodel done through these folks about a month ago and we also bought a storage unit from them. They delivered in more ways than one. Seems like our household is undergoing a series of projects and I'll be honest they deliver. Scott who did our kitchen knocked it out of the park and I couldn't be more pleased. Recently our back patio had the awning replaced and we had a roof put in. Unfortunately for the roofing company I didn't feel that they'd finished the job and left a lot undone. Needless to say I have to paint the natural wood beams to accommodate and make it flow and match. Justin in the paint department was amazing and really did a great job setting me up with a good color, all the necessaries and he's looking forward to seeing the end results. The pricing wasn't bad at all either. I can't wait to finish this project and to go back for our bathroom remodel and whatever else our home needs.
1	Terrible customer service!! Went in at 7:30 in the morning and it was not busy at all. Staff was very unfriendly and quick to just point you in the direction of items we were looking for and then turn around and go back to their task or paperwork. Not helpful!! Lynn was the only one that was pleasant enough to speak with us and offer advice on a project we are working on. Everyone else was just walking by, head down, moving slow. Perhaps they need to offer their staff COFFEE to WAKE them UP at their morning meeting! Oh, and take some happy pills while you're at it, too!Selection on what we needed was poor, too!AND they cut my key wrong a few days ago. I ended up going to a Lowes near my work...Happy Valley. The customer service at the Happy Valley location was far superior and what I expected from them. Go to the Happy Valley location for excellent customer service...Ryan was super helpful in the key department!!! For something so small as getting a key re-cut, you could tell he cared about his customers!
1	Like another reviewer here we made the mistake of buying an appliance from them (dishwasher). Both my wife and I made it clear that we wanted it installed and the Lowe's salesman made it clear to us that they would install it when they delivered it. We waited two weeks for the delivery only to be told by the delivery guys when they arrived that they don't do installations. We had them take the dishwasher back; we'll do our shopping elsewhere.Seems like the reviews here for Lowe's are either hot or cold and there's no middle ground. We rolled the dice and lost.
2	I don't think I saw an employee for the first 10 minutes I was in there. Once I basically ran into one he was helpful.
2	I ordered custom counter tops and had them installed by Lowe's in my laundry room. The color was what I had been looking for in a quartz. The installers somehow scratched (must had been with a saw) the top of the counter top. I complained and they came out and "fixed" it by polishing a small section. Now I have a shiny spot in the middle of the counter top.I am so disappointed. I spent $2000 for this and see the shiny spot every time I walk through the room. They are functional, but this is so disappointing. Don't have any custom work done.
5	I had tile and carpet installed in my home thru Lowes...Oscar in the Flooring Dept helped me...Oscar was great , had lots of patience and was very helpful...The 3rd party Installer Ceasar Flooring were great....The 20x20 tile and new carpet look great...I think the selection (Inventory) of tile and carpet is much better at Lowes than at a Home Depot....Delivery of tile and Install went smoothly along with the carpet.....Thanks to Oscar and the Installation dept for a Job well Done....Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year....
