2	Will someone remind me to make a decision on where to eat before I start driving? This applebee's is surrounded by a whole bunch of other chain restaurants (Chili's, Tony Roma's, Outback, etc, etc) so I guess maybe I got confused because in the end they are all the same...Stars go to the service at the bar for the first half of the time we were there. Bartender had a full bar and all the tables in the bar section and managed to get to us in a good amount of time. He did disappear for a bit when it came time to get the check, but whatever.The food here sucks, but that's expected.
3	Oh great, I'm reviewing another chain restaurant and have nothing great to say about anything!My roommate and I go here because their happy hour specials from 9-close are actually really reasonable and I'm a huge J-E-W so it makes my wallet happy. They have like 5-6 apps under $5 as well as $3 tall draft beers. The bartenders are always friendly and helpful so you can't really complain. The apps are greasy and respectable at best so 3 stars sounds about right.
5	Awesome bartender Sam! :)Great happy hour from 9pm-close!And they have great faucets in their bathroom!
1	Food Poisoning ... enough said.    No more reheater places for me!  Well as long as the wife doesn't force me.
3	I absolutely adore Applebees and never get tired of the food or decore but I found this one lacking. It is clean and has enough room for the local but the service is sub par to say the least. And they were stingy on the portions which was a surprise, given what I've gotten at other Applebee restaurants. The service often makes the restaurant and in this case the staff seemed run down and forgetful, they took forever to get a glass of water! My advice if you still want to go to this Applebees be prepared to repeat yourself a lot and have a lot of patience.
3	Nothing really special about this location but they are always polite and the food is very consistent.  The facilities are always clean and the service is good.  Great location for a quick, convenient, affordable bite to eat.
1	The gf and her kid wanted to go to Chili's but I got in the wrong lane and we ended up at Applebees as traffic was killer.We checked in and it was packed but my mouth was watering for a Bourbon Street Steak and the 20 min wait didnt bother us to much. Of course I used that time to read the YELP reviews and I should have pulled us out but we were committed.It turned into a 25minute wait when we were finally seated our server was over whelmed but very pleasant and after taking our drink order it took 15 mins to get a chocolate milk but I did get my water right away.The GF had a chicken salad and two bites into it she bit down and found a BLACK PIECE OF GLASS IN A CHUNK OF CHICKEN.She was ok but was so upset she couldn't finish her meal. They took her salad off the bill but really they should have comped the entire meal. It also took the Manager another 15mins to come check on us.If something like that happened in my store you should check on them immediately! She then tried to say it was probably something that happened at the plant where they buy their Chicken and not there fault. REALLY? YOU SERVED US THE FOOD AND YOU'RE NOT RESPONSIBLE? I love Applebees but I wont be going back as long as there are so many other local eateries to patronize. Im sorry guys but this was a horrendous experience.
1	Never ever again ! First off our server brittanylooked like she spent all her off time in a tanning bed . Tanerexic much? She was young and stupid. When I first got there I went into the bathroom, as I walked in she walked out of a stall and passed the sink, not even bothering to wash her hands! So grossShe was dull and boring , no personality what's so ever. And I'm pretty sure she had half a brain. She bothered me and my boyfriend to much. I don't mind attentive servers, but I felt like I was having dinner with her and my boyfriend. She had these long acrylic nails on that made me cringe knowing all the germs that are under those and the fact that her fingers were literally in my food. When she brought my salad out my plate had finger prints all over it and had caked on old gunk on the bottom of it. I sent it back and it took her almost 15 minutes to get me another salad, which the plate was still dirty! The manager came out to apologize, nothing was comped, even though when she brought my salad I had to eat alone due to my boyfriend had already finished his food, I don't blame him. We were both starving. I will never go there again.  It is not clean, and the entire staff besides the bartenders seemed like a bunch of eighteen year old bimbos. Food is mediocre , but the service is horrriiibleee!!
1	Worst Applebee's ever! Go to the one in Boca Park instead.  Terrible service! First time I've never left a tip. Yes, it was that bad!
3	you cannot beat the deals that your neighborhood restaurant offers.. half off appetizer during happy hour and their 2 for 20 + appetizer is an awesome deal. if you do not know what to eat, Applebee's offer a large variety of american food and did i mention that they are almost everywhere in town?? however, how some people say, you get what you pay for,... their food is good but is not a 5 star restaurant..
4	My mother and I had a great experience tonight. Staff was friendly and the food was good. We both got steaks (medium rare) they came out cooked perfectly. I'm sure it's a hit or miss here sometimes but I can say tonight was a hit!
4	Very friendly service, clean, good food.  It was just a tad noisy but that's to be expected these days.  We will go back here.
3	Applebee's is just one of those boring chain restaurants.  I do really love some chains, but alas, Applebee's is not one of them.   Everything is just ok.  Nothing ever blows my socks off or makes me crave to come here, but it isn't bad either, just blah.I found myself here yesterday because I was outvoted by the group I was with.  Oh well, it happens.  We went for lunch and it was an ok experience.  I had the Bourbon Black and Bleu Burger.  It was surprising yummy.  It had a lot of kick and I had a small party in my mouth.  It was better than I was expected, which was a nice surprise.  The other people in the party both got the 3 cheese penne and chicken dish.  I didn't sample it, but they both enjoyed it.  My picky eater, my 18 month old did surprise me by eating half of her grilled cheese.  She never eats anything, so that made me happy.  I tried a bite and it was quite good with the bread being a sweet, eggy bread, like brioche.  The service was really good and we always had what we wanted without having to ask for it, which made for a pleasant meal.So over all, the food was good, the service was great, but I am still bored with the overall place.  Give me Chili's anyday, but this Applebee's did a good job today.  Way to go Applebee's for slowing changing my opinion about you.
1	This place needs to close.  Half the waitresses are tweekers with missing teeth.  Our server must have have been on meth, she messed up the entire order.  I talked to the manager, Javier, about the service, and he said "what do you want me to do about it?"  This Applebees has seen better days.
4	This Applebee's actually may make me regret calling all Applebee's, Crapplebee's. The service is good, food was great, and the restaurant itself was spotless. Other reviews knocked on the waitresses teeth at this location. I say: If you are a great waitress who cares if you are missing a molar, as long as it doesn't wind up in my drink, we cool.
2	I should have known better!  Every restaurant, regardless of city and state seems to have issues.  Our party of four stopped here for a leisurely weekday lunch - showing up around 1:30.  We were promptly seated and our server was very nice and friendly.  We finally ordered: soups, sandwiches, and salads.  After what seemed an eternity, three of us were served.  Our waiter offered an apology for the kitchen, returned five minutes later with another, and once more with a third apology.  After 15 minutes the manager appears with the missing dish "at no charge."  Come on folks!  It was only soup & salad, and for that we waited 30 minutes!!
2	We haven't been here for 4yrs for a good reason. Sadly, nothing's changed except the decor. We quit going because the service was worse than terrible.     Today the service was good. Food was fair. Dishes were very dirty. Hair was found in the food. Sadly I'm the one who suggested giving it another try.    The mgr Tommy came out and apologized. He was very pleasant. Waitress (Trista?) Was very good.  They are the only reason for the second star.  I can't blame the waitress for dirty dishes. I didn't look at the reviews until leaving. If there are this many complaints about dirty dishes, you'd think they'd change something.  I never ask for or expect a comped meal. But I do expect to get what I pay for. We were disappointed for the last time.
4	Spinach artichoke dip is the bomb, used to be bigger but hey whatever. Drinks are strong, always a good thing. The waiter, Matt, is the bomb. He helped us make decisions and have good time before going out for the night. My friend likes the menu since it has weight watchers options, I like it for the two for $20.
3	I went out with the hubbi this eve. Well I will say it could be better but it's just your typical random Applebee's ...ahhh...they didn't fix my drink right. In my Sir Charles Barkley voice it was terrible. Then I sent that back the first drink & took a picture of the 2nd drink. The over all service was two star worthy. But I'm feeling gracious tonight so a 3 is what I will give them. Should u view my pictures you will see I had shrimp & salad. Will I return hmmmm I guess. (Rolls my eyes) they could have done better.
4	Love coming here its never over crowded server are nice sometimes they forget to bring you the glass of water or something extra you order like olives, but never the food they always bring it on a good timing and food always delicious
3	Ordered the strawberry avocado salad and the queso chicken on their Take 2 special menu.  Seems healthy but no calorie count on the menu.  Here is hoping!The salad is bathed in a sweet and spicy vinaigrette which tastes great but I am sure there is a lot of sugar.  Overall a tasty salad.The queso chicken tastes great.  Rice, corn, black beans, avocado, chicken all bathed in that queso.  Quite a tasty entree.  If you like these flavors mixed with a lime glaze you will like this dish. Overall not a bad meal.   Service is friendly but awkward.  Food is slightly above average. Price is about average.
3	The music playing in the background was a nice touch. Too bad it wasn't Foreigner's "Cold As Ice", as it was rather chilly inside. You could hear patrons throughout commenting on just how cold it was. Our server, Teri, was friendly, knowledgable and helpful. The food was out quickly. I opted for the Quesadilla Burger, which was fresh and flavorful as were the french fries. The iced tea, however, was not so fresh and had an odd taste. They have some TV's for viewing the sport de jour and I heard the waiter run through a long list of beers for the table behind me. There are other places in the area I would be more apt to visit, but Applebee's is worth a return trip. Nothing to warrant less than three stars, but nothing to justify a four star on this visit either.
4	I know we entered the business in April but it might have actually been snowing inside. I think I actually saw a polar bear! I actually went to my car and got a sweater-no kidding! Several people were complaining about the sub-zero temps so the manager adjusted it. Even that didn't help do she actually turned the AC off. The food was good, as usual, but the iced tea was tough. No amount of sugar improved the stale taste even slightly. The chimi cheesecake dessert was superb!
3	AMBIANCE: 3 - Regular. I mean, it's Applebee's! It actually feels a bit cramped on the upper levels. SERVICE: 4 - Excellent. Our server was very helpful and funny. She was attentive and polite. It was exactly how a server should be! I know it was slow, but she checked on us way too much! FOOD: 3 - It's true, there are big deals here and real money to be saved! They even revamped their entire menu, and I got the steak on the 2 for 25 deal (including appetizer), but I have to be honest, it wasn't good. The food at this Applebee's has just deteriorated over the years and become painfully average. Though my mom did order the strawberry avocado salad, which was probably the best thing on the menu! The only reason I like coming to this Applebee's location is because of their happy hour (big drinks at $5-6, I think) and they've always had a great bartender that works there! My favorite Long Island comes out of this Applebee's! So my final advice, when you're at Applebee's, (I think you know it!) "a happy hour is a happy day!"
1	My 81 year old grandmother and I had to leave because one of the servers was so loud during her extremely sexual conversation with another table. It takes a lot to make me blush, but she did it. It was disgusting while trying to eat. It was humiliating in front of my grandmother. Never going back.
5	I like this Restaurant. Price performance is good.
2	We ordered hot Potatoe twisters and they came cold. We ordered a bowl of soup and it was small. We ordered a strawberry mojito without simple syrup and it came with simple syrup. They replaced the hot chips with at least warm chips. We are still waiting on the sliders.
1	RACIST! Against white people or possibly just everyone except black people, I wouldn't go here if I were you, unless you're black and you love terrible food.  Asians, Latin-Hispanic, Native, anything else, steer clear!Since I've lived in Vegas I've had problems with finding good food, off the strip, that I don't have to shell out hundreds for.  This means that sometimes I go to a chain restaurant, which generally, I prefer not to do.Also, I've never before accused an entire establishment of being racist, nor have I ever asked for any part of my meal to be comped until this visit to Applebee's.If you are of European descent, I wouldn't recommend going here.  If you are a college student and your writing a paper on experiencing racism, this may be a good place to do some research, if you're white.AMBIANCE: 2 It's just Applebee's, casually comfortable except for that feeling that if it weren't illegal, you'd be the victim of a hate crime.SERVICE: Sh*t show.  I hope the f*ck better than they make food, serve food, bus dishes, and manage restaurants.FOOD: Not sure if this qualifies as food.Let me elaborate.  I'm a white, female, only parent, to a half Latin, adorable, little, six year old, girl.On my daughters birthday I brought her to Applebee's b/c my daughter always wanted to have the staff at a restaurant sing to her on her birthday.  It was a busy evening in May.  I worked all day and was exhausted, so at this point, I was tired, and soft spoken, but totally patient, and reasonably friendly, as you should be to the people who handle your food.A couple came in behind us, with a child.  They're African-American.  They were seated in the booth directly across from us.  Also, all of the staff that we worked with that evening were African-American.Within two minutes of being seated we had decided on our drink and food orders.  Our server came to take our drink order and I informed her it was my daughters birthday.  Then 15 minutes later she showed back up with drinks.  We made our food order and shortly after that the family in the booth across from us were being served their food.  We waited for about another 30 minutes and then they brought our food.  About this time the family across from us were getting their bill and getting ready to leave.  I ordered a steak.  It was totally disgusting.  It was so greasy my whole plate was like a pool of grease mixed with a little blood.  Every time I cut into the steak more grease would come running out.  Also, it was strangely seasoned.  It was like they took my steak and dipped it in the gutter of the grill, where they sweep all the extra grease and debris off the grill, in between cooking each item.  It was too gross to eat. If I would've eaten it, I'm pretty sure I would've needed emergency gall bladder surgery that night.My daughter ordered the grilled cheese.  There is not a grilled cheese this child won't eat!  Except the one from Applebee's on this particular night.  She said it was gross.  I told her to just wait to have them sing "Happy Birthday" to her, and then we would go.  While we were waiting my daughter needed to use the restroom.  We went to the restroom and when we got back our table had been completely cleared.  The busser was still there.  I looked at her.  We had even left my daughters backpack at the table so it wouldn't appear as though we'd left.  The busser asked if we wanted our food back?  No Thank you!  Then the waitress brought our check.  I told her our food was terrible and we didn't want to pay for it.  She checked and came back and said she could only remove the charge for my daughters meal, $5.  That still left a $20 balance for my steak and a beer.  I told her I didn't mind paying for the beer, after all I did drink it, but that I wasn't going to pay for the food.  The manager came over and aksed what he could do.  I told him I didn't want to pay for the inedible food I didn't eat.  He said he couldn't refund it so I paid the bill and left.  I also reminded them that they forgot to sing to my daughter. They asked, after we paid, if we still wanted them to, we both just wanted to leave.I called the restaurant when we got home and told the manager that if he didn't refund my bill I would go to the manager over him and tell them about our experience.  He said he would gladly give us a meal credit to come back.  I was like "you're kidding, right?".  He said If I wanted to take the weekend to think about it, we could come back in the next few days and eat free.  We passed.  He agreed to refund our balance to my debit card, which he NEVER did.Go to Outback Steakhouse, it's just down the street and the service and food are way better.
4	Fairly clean, friendly attentive staff and accommodating.  I was in a hurry with a party of 5.  We were paired with a great server Des.  My only complaint was hair in my salad and the pasta dish didn't look as good as the photo.   It did however taste wonderful.   The salad was fixed.   Thank you team for getting us in and out abd filling up our tea.
4	Typical family style dining location. Good food and I am a regular. Their tortilla soup is very good. While it doesn't have cheese the veggies are always fresh. Megan and Cara are my favorite servers. The bar is well stocked and the restrooms are clean.
4	Everything was great, but the wait was too long, and the wait for the food was even longer. The cook on the steak was over, but I didn't want to send it back to have to wait all over again. The service was great once we were seated.
2	I used to be a regular Applebee's customer at another location. The chain as a whole recently changed their Happy Hour menu and now the dishes that I used to get are not included. My boyfriend and I went out for appetizers and drinks and to sit an watch a football game and our bill was huge. I will not be going back again anytime soon.
2	Food was great service was horrible. .. Waitress "C" was just slacking. .. food served not correctly. .. food all over her uniform ... no utensils. . At least food was good
1	Is it possible to give no stars?! Ordered food thru their online system, said pick up 6:07. We pull up at 6:05 told it'll be another 5-10mins, we said ok. At 6:33 we still didn't have our order so I went in and asked for a manager. After five minutes Andrea appears and asks what's wrong. I tell her ive been waiting and the food was supposed to be ready at 6:07 and it's after 6;30 she apologizes and right as she does the food comes up. She gave me nothing extra, just said sorry. Now, I get home and everything is ICE COLD. Literally refrigerator cold. I try to call and let Andrea know, to no avail bc thrir phone was constantly giving the busy signal. Never ever ever will I try again, this definitely wasn't my first bad experience but you can bet it'll be my last.
5	This Applebee's is always on top of there game every single time I have come here they always seem to do everything right... The servers are always on top of there jobs drinks refilled before I have to ask for another one.. Food always hot and ready to eat, and they are always friendly. I'm happy to say that it is always a amazing experience every time I come. Not to mention the manager is always walking around checking up on things. I will continue coming to this Applebee's only because I appreciate that they try, unlike all the others I have gone to. Especially as a server I always appreciate the little things.
