5	It's a great pedicure for the price.  Excellent service.  I'm a repeat client.
5	Tien and Tam do a great job for reasonable prices. Tien's massages are the best! They welcome their customers by name and their place is tastefully decorated. It's a pleasure to come to their salon.
5	You will never let anyone else do your nails! The best salon! And they listen to what you want! Honest and upfront, and always great conversation along with super service! Attentive and thorough! I love this place!!
5	After a less than adequate experience at another salon in the area, I went to see Tam. What a great job he did and he is very pleasant. Will def be going back as a regular.
4	While in the area, I stopped in for an afternoon pedicure and was pleasantly surprised with this dainty little salon in the middle of cowboy country. Nestled in a small shop along Cave Creek Road, this little nail salon has about seven pedicure chairs and about the same number of manicure stations. The pedicure chairs provide a nice automatic massage while your feet soak. I got a $25 pedicure which was comparable to other nail salons around the Valley. This pedicure included a detailed pedicure and salt scrub which is typically extra. What I especially enjoyed though, was the extensive massage they gave me! It ended up being about 15 blissful minutes. I will definitely visit Spazzi Nails the next time I'm in the area.
5	I don't want to tell you how good it was because then you'll want to go there. Small shop, run by a couple. You'll definitely need an appointment. Got a cute little snowflake on my toes (I'll post pics later) and, seriously, the best foot and hand massage I think I've ever had in Arizona.
5	This is a great place to get your nails done.  The owners are so very sweet and extremely professional.  I live part time here in Scottsdale as well as California and Montana.  I get may nails done at a lot of different places and I can honestly tell you that Spazzy Nails in Cave Creek is by far the best.  I like them better than even the fancy spa's.  The salon is very clean and pretty.  The owners are warm and welcoming.  To sum it up, they are the best from here to California and all the way up to Montana!
4	Let's be real - nail salons are all pretty similar, with pros and cons in each.But, bar none, the BEST thing about Spazzi, is that they don't take walk-ins.So, what this means is that your appointment is not being rushed because people are waiting, and you are not taken late, because of a walk-in 10 minutes before your appointment. This alone makes this place a little gem.It is quiet, peaceful, clean, and yes, the nail work is great, prices reasonable, and it's next to a Dairy Queen.  :D
5	I will never have anyone else do my nails! I have moved away from Cave Creek, but still drive 25 minutes to have Tam at Spazzi Nails do my acrylics. I had always gone to American techs and my nails separated and often got "green". So every two weeks I was nipped to death. Since going to Tam I have never had one problem and my nails look beautiful.  Spazzi is a family business and they work by appointment only. Tien and Tam are kind, gentle, and very professional. The shop is very clean and nicely appointed. You will probably have Tien if you go for a pedicure. She is fabulous (but so is Tam). They provide spa chairs, pleasant music, and a most satisfying massage. Book your appointment today.
5	On vacation and needed an acrylic fill and a pedicure. Very professional and clean shop with southwestern flare; owned and operated by a very nice couple. Extremely pleased with both services. Received personalized and friendly treatment. Prices are very reasonable and identical to what I pay at home in Florida. If I lived in Cave Creek, I would make it my "go to salon"
5	I've been going here for years and since this couple took over I'm in heaven.  So sweet, professional, excellent at what they do.  It's a must to make an appt, they stay busy all the time, especially "in season" in AZ which is Oct thru May.  I book a couple of appts in advance.  My nails always look great and stay looking great, the pedi is such a luxurious treat, an extra special treatment for the same price you get whipped in and out at other places.  I highly recommend it.Glee P.
