1	This is the worse sushi place I've ever visited. I was in this place a year ago, and the sushi was horrible while the prices were expensive (~$7 for a roll).
4	The sushis were amazing, the service was awesome, not close to what I am used to going to sushi bars or restaurantsOn top of that the music was really good, even asked for the playlist...Spent a lot of money but didn't regret it one bit
4	This is the first sushi restaurant to open in the area! They've been running for 20 years and they are pretty consistent! The sushi chefs puts so much passion and apply themselves. They always make sure that everything is to the clients liking and of course, everything is fresh! They are one of the rare restaurants that offers butterfish. The prices are very reasonable and you have a decent portion. If it's your first experience, you should try the "chef's choice" for 35$ each. You tell the chef what you like to eat and he makes you 3-4 services depending on the portions! Def worth it. They also have wine list with decent price. On a hot sunny day, soak up the sun in their terrace with a nice cocktail or sangria. The service is good. They offer delivery service for an extra charge of 5$. You won't regret your experience at Atami.
5	This is the best sushi restaurant in the city. I got several times a month and the quality and service is always top notch.
4	My wife and I went here before going out for the evening and we thought it was great. I had the Sushi & Sashimi plate and my wife had the Matsu Sushi plate. The service was quick and the sushi and sashimi were excellent.The only reason I am giving them 4 stars is because I found it quite dark and it was difficult fo read the menu. I found myself having to constantly twist and turn to find some light so I could see what was on the menu. That being said, it won't stop me from going back again.
4	It was really good the food, service was decent. Only thing that surprised me was, some people came in with a guitar trying to collect money for their country.. They came disturbing us AnD other customers like they owned the place. The staff had to tell them to get out.. It was really weird...But other than that the food,restaurant and service were great!
