5	The food here was amazing -- I got salmon with cranberry sauce, and I asked for it as raw as they'd let me have it. It was gorgeous.There's a nice, quieter seating area for large groups in the back (we were a group of ~20) and smaller tables in the main room that surround a stage/set. Live music apparently is a staple of this restaurant, but I couldn't hear it from our room in the back.The restaurant is in a converted church, which makes the outside fairly impressive. Valet parking (flat fee $5), or wherever you can find.
2	NIce looking venue but what a disappointment.  Awful food.  My "new york strip" was the approximate shape of the state of Virginia and full of gristle and fat, in no way a strip steak at all. I don't know who they thought they were fooling.  Ordered medium rare and it came out well done as well as mushy.  And no I didn't send it back sicne they couldn't even get the cut right.  Garlic potatoes were food service or at least tasted that bad.  My husband ordered the pork loin with Thai sauce, which was ridiculously dry and tough. The lobster bisque is good but not worth coming to such a bad place.  The staff could use some manners too, and something better to wear than black t-shirts and pants. Yelling across the room for more menus etc, is a shame as such a nice looking place.  It certainly isn't the classy "rat pack" dinner club that the website claims.
2	The food is OK.  The service is awful.  The staff is rude & condescending.  Not what you would expect if you are at a nice event.  All I can say is: Do not think of throwing an event here - your guests will be disappointed.
5	I had my 40th class reunion here on Saturday night.  What a great venue!  It was perfect for our group (which was about 100 people).  It's an old church with beautiful stained glass windows and lots of different seating areas.  They had a great sound system too. We had a cash bar and lighter food since we didn't have the resources to have a sit down dinner.  By the way, Len Cefalo, the owner of this wonderful space, worked with us and was so accommodating since we didn't actually know how many were actually going to attend.   It couldn't have turned out better.  The food and service were terrific.  I would recommend Cefalo's if you want a greta space for your next event.
