5	I'm SUCH a Phoebe.  Yeah, like, from Friends.  Remember that episode when Rachel and Phoebe were living together and Rachel got that Apothecary table from Pottery Barn but couldn't tell Phoebe that it was from Pottery Barn because Phoebe hates mass produced items with no sense of history or originality?  But when Phoebs though it was from a garage sale she loved it?  Yeah,  I'm totally just like that.I eschew mainstream consumerism and the like.  BUT, Pottery Barn is a little slice of heaven.  I could just hang out in there forever sitting on furniture and holding trinkets and accessories and decorate my dream house.  And, the few times I (ok, my mom) bought things from them, they quality has been excellent.  Granted, they were small things like margarita sets and placemats and coasters, but man are they enjoyable small things.They have a registry available, and although I'm not expecting a marriage in my life anytime soon, I think I'm going to go register there just for kicks.  Let me know if you want that info.  You know, if you're feeling generous.And maybe I should do something about my Friends obsession.
1	On two different occasions I have encountered two rude sales people at this store.  The first time I was checking out their dining room tables and had actually received a code to use online for 10% off.  I asked the lady if they would match it and she pretty rudely told me no, and that I am better off buying it in the store to keep the money local.  I explained to her that even with shipping/frieght charges the piece I was looking at was $180 cheaper.  Her reply was, well, it's only $180, just buy it in the store!  I was taken aback.  I don't have money to throw away, just because I was in Pottery Barn doesn't mean I have a money tree in my backyard.  Are the only allowed to shop here have a mon ey is no object attitude?  And let's not forget when I was looking at dining room table that was a floor sample and the sales lady said she would look for the leaf for it, but only if I was serious about buying it and walked off.  I have worked customer service for a long time in the past and just couldn't believe the attitude.  The second time I had to buy a dining chair because the Las Vegas store did not have the number of chairs I needed.  The sales people were again rude, like I was wasting their time by only buying one dining room chair.  It was Memorial Day weekend and we asked if they gave a military discount and they said no with an attitude.  We had just came from the Las Vegas store where they don't normally do discounts for military but the manager happily gave it to us and thanked us for our service.  I will drive all the way up to the Vegas store to avoid the attitude here.
4	I've been spending a ton of time soaking up home decor ideas for the place I bought this summer but have been paralyzed by too many options.  The employees at Pottery Barn are always more than happy to spend time with me listening to my visions and making recommendations, even looking at photos of my home.I recently called to see if they had an item in stock.  They didn't but they were able to have it shipped to the store for pick up so I could avoid shipping costs.  I even told them about a 10% coupon I had and they gave me the 10% with no questions asked, and let me keep the coupon for a future purchase!  The item arrived very quickly and they called me as soon as it was in.  They helped me load it into the car despite it being very heavy.  Great service at this location.  In my experience the furniture here is a little pricey but really is worth it.  I've only gotten small things - benches, console tables, etc. - but they are such high quality and beautiful additions to my home.  I really think I'll have these pieces for years - the only reason I foresee having to get rid of them is if I remodel...Great place just to browse for ideas or shop for home decor and furniture!
1	This Is One Of The Worst Companies & Stores Ever! Over The Summer I Had Purchased An In Tact Floor Model Turner Sofa From This Location. It Was Still About $3,200 Dollars After The Discount. This Store Sent Unprofessional & Shady Delivery Men Who Ended Up Breaking The Frame Of Couch (which is super cheap for the price you pay) & Trying To Charge Me Extra Money To Hoist It Through My Balcony. When I Notified The Store In August (When I Noticed The Frame Damage) They Said They Would Get A Furniture Medic Out To Diagnose & Fix Issue, Since The Manager Trina Vouched That The Couch Was Not Damaged Upon Purchase! It Is Now November & Nothing Is Done & Even A Call To Corporate Didn't Solve Any Issues. I Am Still Out $3200 Dollars With A Couch That Has Frame Damage. Next I Guess It's Time For The Better Business Bureau.  ~KMA~
