5	This place is awesome! I'm sitting down for lunch with my mom. Delicious delicious delicious! And they deliver for breakfast lunch and dinner! Can't wait to eat here again. Their homemade lemonade is great. The Southwest salad is delicious! Great place to go for lunch! Enjoy!
5	This spot gets it right!The restaurant itself is nicely decorated and sparkling clean. You order at the counter and then choose your seat. I was SO excited to find out they are dog friendly...it gets better...the patio is not only beautiful (see pic) but it's AIR CONDITIONED! We had breakfast with the 130 puppy and it was very comfortable even with it being 100 degrees outside.Now the food. The first time I had the special quiche. When it arrived I was concerned about the small portion, but once I tasted it I realized great food can come in small packages. You can order more than one if needed, but one was just enough for me. It was served with fresh spinach.The second time we dined, I ordered the Bagel and Lox. It is served as a sandwich, I normally like mine served deconstructed so I can build it. It comes with a delicious caper cream cheese. I ended up taking the top of the bagel off and asking for extra cream cheese to eat it open-faced.The coffee here is good and local. They really make an effort to use local products and you can even buy some great items at the register. They deliver breakfast, lunch and dinner. I hear they are getting their liquor license in early July. That will make this place 6 stars for me!
3	This place is way different than I thought it would be.  It's a very casual place.  Order at the counter and paper cups for the drinks.I had a cheesesteak sandwich which was good.  The green iced tea was excellent.
4	We ate dinner here lat night and when we walked in it was completely different than in though it would be, BUT it was so nice! The restaurant decor is simple, but nice.  I had the french dip with homemade potato chips (yummy!) my husband had the Northern Italian sandwich with potato salad.  We both enjoyed our meals very much...we cleaned our plates!  The green ice was so good and we added a little of the honey lemonade...just perfect!  I wish the dessert selection was a bit larger, overall we will definitely come here again and again and again!
5	Wow great food! I had the ham and Brie sandwich. It was awesome! All food and ingredients are locally produced or sourced. High quality great price!:) I can't wait to go back and try the ribeye dip.
5	Ah-mazing!!!!! Chad makes the most amazing food. Very creative with flavor, super affordable prices, beautiful atmosphere. This place was extremely well done. I have a feeling I'll be going broke soon due to frequenting this establishment.
3	My husband and I both rate this a 3. Food was good, but not great. Fresh veggies and nice flavors. Dont know if bread is made in house. The bread on my sandwich was falling apart, which made it difficult to enjoy.  I think the owner or manager was there, and I expected him to be introducing himself or welcoming us in some way,  but he seemed to be hard at work. I think as a new business, it would be a good idea to be more welcoming to people who are willing to try something new. Also,  there was a girl working there with a really dirty apron and she cussed while we were ordering. Very unprofessional and unsanitary, especially if the owner was there. Also,  wish they had a soup without a cream based broth. Maybe we'd try again for b reakfast?
3	This is a really good place to get a salad I tried the salad called" though the garden " and added chicken to it. The chicken was fresh and tasty and the salad was big and fresh with dressings are made in house. They forgot to put the avocado in it but I didn't feel like complaining. I still might have given four stars but I didn't because of the cheese steak we ordered.The meat was fresh and local (I know NICE) but it seemed like the grill wasn't hot enough and the meat came out sort of boiled. The onions were grilled but the peppers came out sort of steamed. The bread was squishy soft bread and we saw a loaf of nice crusty bread on the counter so we thought the sandwich would be made out of that but it wasn't. The food was sent out in an odd way. Someone made my salad and it was just sitting on the end of the bar for a while. Then someone runs out with a plate of chicken and places it on the salad. Next someone came out with the cheesesteak picks up the salad and delivered it. I thought everyone working there was nice and friendly. Prime Provisions is a good place for a salad 7 days a week.A very casual place you order at counter, pick up a number and seat yourself.
5	If you are looking for a restaurant in north Scottsdale, with a good atmosphere and even better food. Look no further than here. The staff is amazing and the food is all local. You can just taste the freshness, you can also wash it down with a tasty beverage as they have a full selection of beer and wine! I highly recommend giving this place a try!
5	Very clean! Food was really good. Atmosphere enjoyable. I liked the look of the patio. They allow dogs and even have Sunday dog time, with water, dog treats, swamp coolers.
5	Cute, quick place to stop in for a lunch on your lunch break. They go above and beyond with little details like cucumber in the water and coolers on the patio. You can tell the owner takes pride in his business and cares about the customers. The food was very fresh and put together well. Overall I think this is a solid addition to my lunch choices in Scottsdale.
5	Prime provisions was a hip, well decorated establishment with fresh, locally sourced food that tastes great.I usually order the club sandwich on pretzel bread, my wife makes her makes her own salad...one of the only places we can go where we both get exactly what we want without sacrificing what the other gets.  I like big tasty sandwiches (and I am picky) and she likes fresh salads made exactly how she wants it.All aspects of the menu are build your own style OR order directly from the menu so if you are picky or like things a certain way this will suite you well.Service was friendly, fast and attentive.  Two thumbs up!  Will definitely be going back!
3	Went with a friend to try this place out. I had the Club Up. A large sandwich. I had a hard time squishing it down to take a bite.  I took half of it home. My friend had the slow roasted rib eye dip. Lots of bread not a lot of meat. Everything is separate so that's all we had. Menu says you can get a drink and chips or pasta salad for an additional 2.50. That would bring the total price up to 11.50 for a sandwich, drink and side. I'll probably try it again to get a salad.
5	Pretty much the best sandwich I have ever had.  Shaved Ribeye sandwich is unreal.  Their ingredients are top notch.  You will pay more but it's worth it.  Not sure about other review that said there wasn't much meat.  I have ordered the shaved Ribeye sandwich twice now and I am a pretty guy, usually can't even finish it.  I have attached a picture for the first time because I have claimed this to be the best sandwich ever.  Their homemade lemonade in regular or berry is outstanding.  Everything is locally sourced which I appreciate as a local business owner.  The interior is very nice and you can tell the owners put alot of time and care into this concept.  I definitely recommend this place.
