5	Dr. Rebecca Llaca is skilled in her knowledge of the human body and the structure and functionality of the bones and muscles. Her care and treatment leads her patients in the direction of complete health and wellness. As a fitness coach and specialist, I would recommend her to any of my clients.
5	WOW! What a great experience. Not only is Dr. Llaca professional and easy to talk to, she has truly transformed my life. The headaches are gone and she has shown me some great stretches for me to do at home. Professionalism and patient care at its finest. I have been, and will, continue to recommend her to everyone!
4	Friendly. Professional. Experienced. I've been seeing Dr. Llaca for help with my chronic lower back and neck pain for over a year now. I've seen numerous chiropractors in the past and Dr. Llaca is incredible. I wouldn't think of seeing anyone else since I've been her patient. I would highly recommend her to anyone in need of Chiropractic care!!!
5	I had been having sciatica like back problems that were continuing and wanted to try someone other than my regular chiropractor or getting a massage that wasn't doing the trick. I went on my Yelp app looked up "back pain" and saw that Dr. Llaca had some great reviews. The reviews are definitely warranted as Dr. Llaca is not only very profession and knowledgeable but you can tell that she indeed does care about what you have to say and definitely does her best not only to explain what might be causing the pain but offer suggestions, stretches and of course great adjustments to alleviate it. Glad I found her and can only recommend her to others.
5	Rebecca is a highly skilled and friendly Chiropractor. I absolutely recommend her to anyone in need of chiropractic care!
5	Best chiropractor I've ever had!!! Has so much knowledge and tons of tips. Also an awesome personality. You'll never find another better! I'd recommend to anyone! There's one week I can only get in late at night and she's willing to come in! She also works with people who can't afford weekly visits! She loves her job and it definitely radiates through her!
5	Dr. Llaca took great care of me on my road to recovery from a back injury. Her knowledge, personable demeanor, and holistic approach to whole body health has me back to 100%. Not only did she lead me back to health but she also taught me preventative actions to take to ensure it doesn't happen again.
5	Around a year ago I suffered two concurrent workout-related injuries that left me in extreme pain and unable to walk more than just a short distance.....a few months ago I finally got up the nerve to go see a chiropractor (which I'd never done before) and chose Dr. Llaca based on the reviews I read here.I am truly very impressed with her - not only has she helped me tremendously (I'm about 90% of the way back to my former pain-free self), but she also takes time during each visit to teach me something new that will help me to help myself.  As others have said in their reviews, she really does have a wonderful - and knowledgable - holistic approach to wellness.....she's made good suggestions for my diet and supplement regimen as well as tips to help me sleep better. I highly recommend her to anyone who is dealing with pain or health issues related to pain or injuries....she really cares about helping you to get well again.
5	I saw Dr. Llaca on a visit to AZ a few years ago. I had never been to a chiropractor before and was nervous.  Her professionalism and knowledge put me at immediate ease. I have not been able to find a chiropractor here in my hometown that approached my needs and concerns with the genuine care she did. I will be traveling back to AZ in the next few months and will be taking the time to visit Dr. Llaca  I am looking forward to getting a much needed adjustment!
