3	Yes it is in a sketch part of town.But! The beer is great and a knowledgeable passionate group of people await to tell you about the brewing process.Not sure of tasting hours and what not but I went here for a tasting event and enjoyed everything from the Blonde to the oatmeal stout.
5	We were biking on the Canal Lachine and we decided to stop for a nice cold beer and maybe some food. The beer St-Ambroise is very good especially the Apricot beer! For any reason, I had cider that day, the "pink" one and 3 glass later and 2 bags of BBQ chips, I was craving a burger. We had the burger and hotdog, super juicy and delicious!!! The pickle jar goes low at the end of the day so you have to hurry up!One con would be that the service is slow, you could be waiting 20 minutes before you get to the only bartender, so you need to prepare and stack up! Can't wait to go back. The location is perfect, on the biking path plus there was a Raegae music band that played from 5 to 7.....it was simply perfect!All kind of people and age. You can also drive to the place, there is plenty of parking!!
4	Hands down one of the best things about summer is McAuslan's terrasse! It's a community affair and everyone is after the same things: Sun, Relaxation, Laughs, Music and of course Beer from St-Ambroise!Picture this:Friday afternoon, people of all ages, great social vibe, english and french mix, and live music - right next to the Lachine Canal.This terrasse is accessible by foot, bike, rollerblades, skateboard, car (big free parking lot) and located just west of St-Remi on St-Ambroise, and has an entrance off the bike path. It can get crowded, and your drinks may take a while, but the atmosphere is unbeatable and is quite the little gem of St-Henri. They have BBQ foods available but don't expect a grand variety. As each year goes by, they have added a bit more to the place. Downside: porta-potties, upside: at least they have many of them to help curb bathroom times. It is still a cash only establishment, so don't forget to stop off at the ATM!
4	This is a really fun little place. Right on the canal. You can go for a pleasant bike ride and then pull in for a couple gallons of beer and a hot dog. Then you can get back on your bike and try not to ride straight into the canal;) But seriously, if you're in the area, stop in! They have a beer tasting rack that comes with every beer they make. but you might want to wait for spring to come back around!
5	This place is only open in the warmer months, so enjoy it while you can! Just off the canal bike/walk path, it's a great place to have a great beer outside (preferably in great weather). This is where they brew MacAuslan beer in Montreal.There's not too much in the way of food here, so come well fed if you want to get your drink on and not get too messy... Maybe that's just me. Sometimes they make burgers but not always, other than that they just have potato chips. The Atwater market isn't a far walk down the canal (and it's a nice walk too) if you need real food.
5	The bathroom is finally opened!  Yay!  Last time I had 2x20oz cidre and had to walk REALLY really fast to back home :)  At least it's EXTREM emergency situation, I can't let myself to use the portable toilets.. just I can't!  Anyway it's not the cast anymore, more beer for me now.  Try the pink cider.  It's delicious and so very refreshing after nice walk on Lachine canal~The raspberry beer is very good too - It's not like Lambic, not sweet at all but just the nice smell.  The apricot is good too but the smell is little too over powering - but dry.. So see you around at this place when the weather is nice!
5	Came here for the funk & jazz afternoon yesterday and the conditions were perfect: the sun was shining, there was plenty of room on the grass for everyone, the music was great and the beers and BBQ grub were fantastic. My only complaint is that the beer queue got out of hand a few times with only 3 staff members busting their asses as fast as they could, but I forgive it seeing as it was 30 degrees+ and everyone was collectively thirsty. Oh and seriously, pleeeeease stop running out of the framboise, it's seriously good shit and it's a long trek to get to the brewery! Make more, I dunno :P
5	The McAuslan's terrasse is an awesome place to enjoy throughout the summer time for great beer and really laid back, cool, company! I came with a few friends for the Funk n Jazz Festival, which was awesome. The line ups for beer and BBQ deliciousness were quite long but seemed to pass at a decent pace, I felt more bad for the guys taking care of everyone's orders in the scorching heat. Not sure if it was solely this time around or something they finally introduced, but they were accepting credit/debit cards! (But seriously, why don't you guys EVER have Framboise on tap for me?! Now I have to wait til next year...)
4	Met a new friend at Dieu de Ciel and he recommended this place. SWEET! So happy that he did. It's about a ten/fifteen minute walk from the subway but totally worth it. Walk along the waterfront to take a leisurely walk! Plus, I came in through the other side of the street and could NOT find the opening to the terrace for the life of me!! You need signs directing people McAuslan!!Anyways, the terrace has a beer garden-like setup and you can purchase basic bar food i.e. hamburgers, hot dogs, chips and salsa, etc. We started with the beer sampler to get our taste buds working and I fell in love with the raspberry ale! Also really enjoyed their apricot ale and their DIPA, which my boyfriend is now calling the the Pliny of Quebec. Definitely a spot worth coming to if you enjoy beer!
5	Great brewery, we took the tour (interesting!) and had a tasting (interesting and tasty!).  Afterwards we hung around the terrace a bit.  Everyone was very friendly.I think their website says they only do yours on Wednesday, so check and reserve before you go.If you're going to go, you can walk along the water instead of on the streets of this factory neighborhood.  We only realized this once we were already there.If you've ever wanted to see where McAuslan was made, this is the place to go.  If you've ever wanted to see where Moosehead Lager was made, they actually make it here, too (for Quebec).
5	Time to honour the best and most unique beer garden in Montreal that is just next to the brewery. There is nothing more I would expect from this place where people stop by while biking or simply come to drink beer with family and friends. The garden is kids and pets friendly. The beer is simply good. There is a BBQ option for those who are starving. I'm a big fan of the pumpkin brew, which is seasonal and very difficult to find in the stores.  I wish McAuslan has a bar to stop by during the winter and have a pint, but this is one more element that makes the beer garden so attractive, opening the garden symbolizes the beginning of the outdoor activities.
5	Great news! McAuslan is renovating St Ambroise Centre, next to the brewery and planning to open a pub. Good beer all year round, yeah!
5	This is my favorite place to go to drink in the summer time and now I can go whenever I want because they recently opened a bar inside, literally a two minute walk from the terrasse to the bar.The terrasse is awesome, right of the bike path on the Lachine Canal. There's always a great ambiance, with live bands, people are there with their friends, their kids and their dogs. The terrasse is huge and it's always packed. The beer is awesome, my favorite is their apricot beer and their cider! Nothing more refreshing on a hot summer day. Their food is good too, nothing amazing, but keep in mind it's a bar. Burgers, veggies burgers, chips & salasa and euro hot dogs. The burgers and hotdogs come with chips & salsa too. Again, it's not a restaurant. The inside bar is really nice. Made to look like an old irish pub. Their menu inside is a little different. First there was no cider on the menu, apparently they don't know if the cider will be coming back. The food well you have a choice of a Pretzel with two kinds of mustard which they sale jars of if you want to take some home, it's delicious, their beer dijon mustard especially. And you also have Nachos with jalapeno, black olives and pineapple (i know pineapples on nachos sounds weird, but it's really good). St-Ambroise is really one of my favorite places to go to.
5	This is a pleasant, outdoor showcase for McAuslin's beer. It has a very simple menu, hamburgers, sausages and tofu. The ambiance is like a very relaxed barbeque. It is very kid friendly and regularly has families pulling up on bicycles.It closes early, at 21h00 but you can now drift over to the Annexe pub which is equally enjoyable but is open later and is more 'pub-like'.I'm an unabashed fan, so bear in mind I really like craft beer, and a come-as-you are ambiance. If you are looking for conventional drinks or a broader menu, you might not be satisfied. The Terrasse St-Ambroise does what it does very well.
4	Hit the terrace after a long bike ride, which was one of my better life choices. Great outdoor atmosphere, friendly staff, plenty of velo parking, dog and child friendly. And obviously, DELICIOUS BEER. There's a tasting paddle for $12, which doesn't come with a huge amount of beer, but if you're genuinely trying to make up your mind before ordering a delicious 12oz-er or pint, they'll let you taste anything. Pints average around $7, depending on what beer you get. They have some specialties. (I totally recommend the apricot and I don't even usually like fruity beers.) So I'm taking off one star for the snacks, which were really really really average. We split a burger and some chips with salsa, and while the burger meat was actually decent, the chips were totally straight from a bag and kind of stale, and I dunno, the whole thing kind of lacked finesse. I would love to see them just bring the grill up a single notch and it would be perfect.This is a wonderful thing to do if you have guests in town (which we did) as the brewery is not too far away from anything and is a fantastic pre- or post- (or both) stop along an intense bike ride.
3	Staff has a " don't give a shit attitude " with a big old smirk on their face. You ask a question and they look at you like you are an idiot. Not very organized. Very disappointed as I used to love this place.
