4	Great little neighborhood coffee shop.  I was in town for the Ironman and needed my morning jolt to get the day going.  Barista was friendly, and the coffee was strong enough to shake off the 14 hour drive I just finished.  If you are in the neighborhood, this beats a chain any day of the week.
5	I don't drink cappacinos, lattes or other coffee drinks,  I just drink black coffee.  The EVP's in town are simply the best cup of black coffee in Madison, and that means any brew.  While another coffee shop has my favorite maple nut scone in Madison, EVP definitely has very good pastry.
5	One of my favourite coffee shops.  Location is good (for me), but it has the downside that it closes early.  Good coffee, generally a nice quiet place to work.
5	I have been coming almost everyday for two weeks while I am visiting a friend in Madison. This is my favorite shop. Service is excellent and the mochas are my favorite. Bonus is the artwork!
4	I came to this location to get some much needed homework finished.  I was able to do just that.  Everyone was so chill and everyone seemed to know everyone.  I came in knowing I was not allowed to get coffee (blasphemy!) and got the tomato basil soup.  Now, tomato soup is usually just a fall thing for me but it was rainy (summer) day and it sounded good so I just went for it.It totally hit the spot.  It came with some bread and honestly, I did not even care what kind of bread it was because it just acted as a vessel for the soup.  Ooooh, it was good. Creamy and a great basil-y undertone.  Did I ever mention that I love basil? Anywho...I got some homework done, it was a relaxing place to be and even being there to people watch would have been fun.Oh yeah, the parking.  I have a tiny car that most people could probably throw and I struggled to 1, find parking and 2, fit into a spot.  Just be warned.
4	I feel EVP has a tendency to over roast their beans and the drink options can definitely add up (a dirty chai will cost you upwards of $5.00).  So why the 4 stars?  The staff is always welcoming and friendly and seating is never a problem. (Being close by my girlfriend's place also plays into the mix).  You can never put a star rating on convenience!
4	Love, love, love my local coffee shop! Great big tables for spreading out with your friends, the newspaper, area meetings, etc. Couches for relaxing, grabbing a quick snog with your loved one, or having more meetings. Books for sharing when you feel like exploring. Somehow the owner always has time to say hi & chat with me for a few minutes. I just love that. Oh and the coffee is amaze balls! Hit this place on your way to the bike path or as a treat on your way back. They'll even give you a bowl of water for your dog--enjoy at the picnic tables out front when it's nice outside! Oh and there's plenty 'o parking in the back if you're driving.
