1	She has 2 yelps read both all negative reviews STAY AWAY FROM THIS place , she does terrible quality clumpy lashes that destroy your natural lashes , uses the cheapest quality products available , pretends to know what she is doing , at the Same time as my eyelash apt I wanted my $500 (just for the hair ) ext removed and redone , she destroyed my hair and my extensions , she cut them behind me so I couldn't see what she was doing , she put a full head of keratin tip ext in that FELL OUT THE NEXT DAY ! All of them. Anyone who knows about these type of ext knows that this is crazy , she already had my credit card info forThe lash service and charged me another 450$ to destroy my hair , chunks were broken and destroyed , Aiesha response when I asked her to refund my $ or at least replace the $500 hair she ruined , her response was when you left my salon you had extensions so my job was done . No refund it took me 7 hours to do your hair and I will not give a refund (keep in mind I was only there for the hair part for about 4 hours in rich she took about 7 cigarette breaks and a visit from her boyfriend who brought her a "blunt " to smoke to help her relax because she was having a hard time w my hair WTF??!!!!  She went on and on about how she was trained and skilled in this new bonding technology when she clearly didn't even know how to use the tool . She was rude and belligerent and completely unprofessional , anyone can rent a spot throw a chair and a mirror up and pretend they know what there doing . Do your research . Hopefully people will see all the horrible reviews she has gotten and learn from our suffering . She is a terrible business person . I to own my own business and it's always worth it to make the customer happy to keep a good reputation and word of mouth , she Obviously has no concern of her clients . SHADY SHADY SHADY - and her lashes are NOT mink , there cheap plastic and her glue is disgusting . Thank god I now have a real professional to do my lashes . Hopefully help will allow me to post pics for you guys to see the damage and her so called work :( she uses my picture on her fb without my permission . Aliesha Latoyes what ever the hell your name is find another line of work cause this is not ok what you do toYour customers . Please see the pictures I post
1	Boy do I wish I had read the reviews before I received services from this "salon". Thank goodness I used a Groupon voucher for this business. I bought a voucher for a full set of Mink eyelash extensions. Cons:Eyelash fibers are DEFINITELY NOT mink. Very low quality, plastic, hard, crunchy fibers. Once the owner/technician is done, she will try & lie to assure you & say that they will  soften in 24 hours. Lie.Glue is poor quality. Prepare for red itchy eyes for days (maybe I am allergic to be fair, but I've had eyelash extensions before with no reactions.)Eyelashes started falling out the same day, and I mean with perfect care!!! Worst application ever. Bald within days. Lol. Her person & finger reek of cigarette smoke, MAJOR NO NO! Just plain eww.Service? Boy oh boy. LOLOLOLOL. She (owner/tech/stylist) really needs to be reprogrammed to include customer service skills. This person has zero. I say person as she was no lady. Far from it. Very abrasive, no manners at all. She was rude upon me walking in, she thought I'd take the treatment but she quickly realized I was no push over so she was no longer from this point rude to me, BUT she was so rude to customers calling in, customers that came in (she even cursed & kicked a customer out). POTTY MOUTH!!! Just filthy! And even talked crap about the customer after she left to me. Argued with this woman for 15 minutes!! Horrible, embarrassing and awkward. Made me wait while she yelled on the phone and complained and cursed with her employee. What...the...heck?! I had to wait 20 minutes to be seen yet the place was a ghost town. She really needs to learn about business, ethics, customer service, etiquette. I mean she needs to repeat school entirely as well while I am at it. I tried to solve the problem with her...my bad application etc, no return calls or emails. So, I got a refund from Groupon IN FULL with their business guarantee. Sucks they had to eat the cost and not her. The salon is very makeshift and run down, shack like, but seemed clean enough. And I know salons are known for gossip but they talk about such inappropriate things, & take extra time to have smoke breaks and gossip about Baby Daddies. PROSHmmm...there were free mints?
