5	I have no idea why no one has reviewed this awesome B&B but i'm excited to be the first...perhaps no one wants to let anyone in on the secret...and i thought about not writing the review for that same reason but i have to share this one with my fellow yelpsters. I wanted to celebrate the wife's bday with a quick getaway but didn't want to stay in the usual hotel. so i popped "lgbt friendly B&Bs" into google and this place came up. they had a few rooms to choose from but of course the one with the hot tub in the room caught my eye first. i emailed them through the website and the owner Craig got back to me quickly. I reserved the room and then just had to wait until the day arrived. Even though we were arriving earlier than the 3PM check in, Craig was awesome and left a personalized letter and the keys to the house in the mailbox for us to let ourselves in. we put our stuff in the room and when we came downstairs the owners, Craig and Cathy were there and welcomed us to the house, even remembering that we were there for a surprise birthday trip. the house was clean and the room was nicely done. it was definitely more cozy than any hotel room could have ever been, the bed was so comfortable we almost napped thru our dinner reservation! the hot tub was definitely the highlight of the Mentor room, the massage jets were awesome and were so relaxing! in the AM Craig made an awesome breakfast complete with bacon, an egg souffle and a homemade Kringle that was absolutely delish! i couldn't have picked a better place to celebrate my gf's birthday! from the second i made the reservation until the moment we checked out, Craig and Cathy made us feel at home and provided top knotch service to us. If I'm ever in need of a quick getaway to Madison I know exactly where I will stay!!
4	Nice Bed and Breakfast just outside of Madison. My hub and I went there for a quick getaway after a long two months of working on projects. Craig is an incredible host, and if you are vegan (which we are not but love the cuisine) he can totally accommodate you.  Funky, eclectic, a nice retreat with caring owners. Not uptight and very kid friendly. Good for a family gathering. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is if you are completely uptight about absolute decorating perfection, then this isn't the place for  you. The hosts make up for this in humor, kindness, and providing a peaceful setting. Good stuff, worth a stay. Mid-week deals are worth looking into.
4	I am a huge believer in bed & breakfasts, especially in the winter when you are bound to spend more time indoors.  This is a very cute one; bf and I stayed here on our visit to Madison.  Hosts were VERY friendly, so we started our (very big) breakfasts around 9 and usually ended around 10.  They were very accommodating and solicitous of our feedback.  We stayed in the Mentor room, which was spacious and had a hot tub but no shower, so I used the shared shower across the hall since there weren't many guests during that weekend.  It really felt like we were staying at a friend's house, except I didn't need to help with the dishes.Some things that didn't bother me but might other people:1)  Note that they have two large dogs2)  If you're averse to flowered wallpaper, this is not the place for you.
5	Goodbye Hotels!  After this cozy little place I'm a bed and breakfast faithful.  Our host, Craig, was wonderful.  It was super easy to make the arrangements and the website was helpful.  The place itself gave me the same joy I remember having when I would go see grandparents as a child.  That feeling of a warm house.  Oh, did I mention that when we first entered the whole house smelled of breakfast from that morning.  The bed half of the name was extra comfortable and the room was very relaxing.  We stayed in the Sorenson room, which was a little larger and had a couch.  They offered a small bookshelf of books and Madison magazine (which helped us to find our restaurant the next day).  The Sorenson room also offers a private bathroom with a claw-foot tub that is over 110 years old (but has excellent water pressure).  Shampoo, soap, body gel, bath salts (I think that's what they were), and even a hairdryer are all provided.  This was nice since we forgot a couple of those things.  For the breakfast portion, we had a spinach and cheddar quiche that was the fluffiest damn quiche I've ever had.  Pardon my French! My fiance is a Vegetarian and it was extremely easy to make.  He also had a myriad of drink options.  Some ready to be poured, some in waiting.  Also, for me (the non-vegetarian), he made an incredible side of bacon.  It was sprinkled with brown sugar and then generously peppered.  Then it was baked.  Then it was devoured with great speed.  Seriously, this was heavenly.  Also, there was a delicious pear and cranberry compote for each of us. Craig and his beautiful (and friendly) dog joined us for breakfast and some wonderful conversation.  He is a true gentleman and an excellent host.  My fiance and I are planning another trip in the spring and we'll be sure to stay with them again.  I could't recommend this place enough.
4	We stayed in the B&B for the Memorial day weekend. Like the other reviewers mentioned, Craig was a very personable  and accommodating host and cooks a mean breakfast.  The room (Sonenson) was clean and bed comfortable. Most of all, the space was decorated with lots of personal touches, making it warm and welcoming. The place is kids friendly and is only about 10 minute drive from downtown Madison. Overall, it was a pleasant stay and we would recommend it to our friends who would consider b&b in madison. Four stars only because my ideal B&B would  be on a farm, where I can enjoy produce and eggs from the land itself.
5	What a wonderful place Craig runs! So happy we chose to stay at The Parsonage for a girls weekend to Madison.The highlights:- Location: While the B&B is about 25 minutes from downtown Madison, it's very easy to get to. The perk of being off the beaten path is, well, being off the beaten path. - Price: The three of us chose the top floor Reverend's Retreat, which can actually sleep up to 6. It had the feel of your parent's attic, but in a good, comfortable way. For the Friday & Saturday night, it was about comparable to what we would've paid to stay at a fancy-pants place in Madison.- Food: Oh my goodness, can Craig cook! The breakfasts alone would've been worth $20/person at a restaurant. Definitely try the juice blend - you won't look at orange and cranberry juice the same way again. - The company: On the weekend we were there, we (late 20s/early 30s) had the pleasure of staying with younger groups of people. Chatting at the communal breakfast table was a nice perk and a great way to get some new tips on what to see & do in Madison. And, Craig and his wife have two lovely dogs. If you're in town, definitely look up & consider The Parsonage.
5	My 8 year old daughter and I stayed at the B&B this past weekend.  We stayed in the Sorenson room which was the right size for us.  It had an attached, good sized bathroom which was great, and my daughter loved that she got to take a bath in a tub that was over 100 years old.  (The water pressure is great by the way).  There was an assortment of soaps, shampoos, bubble baths etc in the bathroom too.  The room and bathroom were clean and spotless.  Craig was extremely nice, helpful, and whipped up a killer breakfast.... a brown sugary, apple, cranberry, upside down baked french toast kind of concoction, homemade pumpkin bread, fresh watermelon, and sausage links.  He was very accomodating and asked us the night before if there were any allergies or food issues that he needed to know about.  The price was very affordable, and the next time I'm in the area I'll be staying there instead of a hotel.  : )
5	Loved staying here.  We were going up to Madison for the day and found this place through a quick Google search of Madison-area B&B's.  Craig (the owner) was so helpful and friendly when I called to inquire about prices and availability.  He was also awesome and asked about our dietary preferences (I'm a vegetarian who's also temporarily gluten-free, whereas my boyfriend will eat anything) and promised to have a yummy breakfast we would both love.  When we got to The Parsonage, I was so happy we decided to stay there instead of in Madison proper.  It was quiet and cozy.  We picked the Mentor room which had a big awesome jacuzzi tub in there, and also a really nice outdoor patio (which was covered in snow, but i bet will be awesome when spring comes!).   Our bed was SO COMFORTABLE, i think i actually miss it.  Since our room didn't have a shower (which we knew when we booked - well worth it to have that awesome bathtub!), I used the shared bathroom on the second floor which was also very nice and cozy.  Breakfast the next day was so nice.  Craig made homemade cranberry orange muffins with a cheesy kale egg dish - so yummy!  Everyone else got delicious smelling bacon, and Craig very awesomely made me veggie breakfast sausage.  There was also pineapple, juice, and a really great tea selection.  The conversation was also really nice - I like that we all ate together (me, my boyfriend, Craig, and the 5 other guests who were staying there.  Great people and great company.  Next time we are in the Madison area, we will definitely stay here.  Craig, thanks for all the hospitality!  From Denise and Justin
5	Parsonage was a perfect fit for my recent trip. What it is: warm, quaint, charmingly old, affordable, homey, accommodating of diet. What it is not: posh, uber-modern, sleek, extravagant.Has wifi. Has a (very well-mannered & clean) dog. Street parking. Does not have private bathrooms for each room, so be sure to check on that when booking if it's important to you.Craig the owner and Coriander the springer spaniel were a warm greeting party. Craig went out of his way to make me feel comfortable with the house, the amenities, where to find him if I needed something, etc. I called him later that night after I realized I had accidentally left without a key, and he told me exactly where he would hide one outside for my return. It felt less like paid lodging, and more like staying with distant relatives. Our group had some gluten-sensitive members and some lactose-sensitive members, so Craig made sure that each breakfast had options for everyone. One morning, the power went out around 5am before he could cook the breakfast casserole, so he ran down to a bakery and brought back an improvised meal of fruits and a kringle (?), a local specialty. The weather was nice, so we spent plenty of time on his newly renovated screened-in porch listening to music while we sipped coffee and rubbed Coriander's belly.
