2	We showed up at 5:30 without reservations.  There were only two tables seated in the restaurant, and we were told that they were full with a lot of snobbery and little concern for our opinion of their establishment.  We were very excited to try the place, and the experience was completely wrecked by the very unwelcoming attitude.The food looked good, but the attitude was definitely not.  Regardless of when everyone else shows up, you can at least let someone sit at the bar for an hour dinner when they're is only two other tables seated in the whole place.  We definitely would have been gone by the time the last reservation arrived.  I can't really truly convey how disappointing and almost downright humiliating it is to be told the restaurant is booked when there are 8 people sitting in the entire place and 20+ empty tables.While I understand opentable and the reservation system (and often use it myself), there is something to be said for being a human being and making a little effort.  Perhaps a nicer explanation and an offer of a drink and an appetizer at the bar.I'm a little disappointed in myself for not making even a little bit of a scene, or being as rude to the hostess as she was to us.  I'm not normally that way, and rarely consider doing so in a restaurant (especially where I'm planning to eat), but I was downright PISSED at the haughty "we don't give a sh*t" about your patronage attitude as we walked down the street.We ended up going a few blocks away to Chez L'epiecierhttp://www.yelp.ca/biz/chez-lepicier-restaurant-bar-a-vin-montreal for one of the best meals of my life.  Save yourself some frustration, and just go there instead if you don't mind spending a few dollars more.I'm sure the food is probably good if you don't mind the potential of being treated like just another diner.  I've had better service at McDonalds.
3	Me and my wife both had the tasting menu. I had the vegetarian version of it.Overall impression: Lots of potential but fell short in the flavor department on 2 out of 5 dishes.I started with a beet salad amuse-bouche. This one was excellent.. full of flavor and layers, great presentation. I normally don't even like beets but this dish, I loved.The appetizer was a cucumber with goat cheese salad, with grape slices and nuts. The presentation was once again was beautiful but the taste fell a bit short. I am not a goat cheese fan to begin with so perhaps some people would love it. I felt like the dish needed something like lemon or herbs to add more layers to the flavors which were overpowered by the strong goat cheese.The entree was a turnip "pasta" bowl with parmesan and trumpet mushrooms/puree. Very original dish. It's surprising how well the turnip felt as a spaghetti of sorts. Flavors were strong but very nicely balanced with some lemon. Definitely a winner.The main meal was the reason I gave Les 400 Coups 3 stars. It was a "slab" of butternut squash with some mushrooms/nuts/various greens. The butternut squash itself was amazingly done, it was extremely smooth, buttery and silky. The ingredients around this main piece were all correct and well chosen, however what lacked heavily was flavor. It lacked salt/pepper and perhaps something like lemon/onions/basil/flowers.. something to add more punch to it. It was just very flat tasting and not too interesting. It's really too bad because the potential is there in the dish, it just wasn't executed very well. The 2 desserts were exceptional. Some of the best we've had. The "Vert" dessert was especially unique and bursting with flavor. I had never tasted white chocolate yogourt with green apple before.. The second dessert was a chocolate mousse with pear sorbet and my wife got a strawberry jelly with sorbet. Both were very very good and given the ingredients I listed I don't need to describe the flavors!Service was adequate, nothing amazing but fairly good. They didn't take away our wine glasses even though we didn't want wine, which was kinda weird. The waitresses were friendly and attentive to our questions/comments.My take on Les 400 Coups: We'll check it out again in a year. There's definitely a ton of potential in it. There's a lot of great things about it and like I told my wife: they get it. They just need to work on the vegetarian main dishes more and add more punch and rounded flavors to them. My wife thought her tasting menu (with meat) was excellent. Also the presentation in every dish was great.I give it 3 stars but I think that it's closer to 3.8 or so.. I just didn't want to give it 4 because they did fall short on the main meal which is a no-no to me. It's definitely worth a try.
1	We would have given this restaurant a very high rating based on eating there two nights ago as they did a fine job with the mechanics of it. But here is where they really really made a poor decision: Tonight, at 9:15pm we returned to the restaurant to have a glass of wine at the bar. We thought it would be great to end our evening by patronizing a restaurant we'd enjoyed just two nights before. A man (the manager? a server?) said "No. You have to eat. You can't just have a drink." Okay, you say, they were smoking busy, they were closing the doors, they were full. Nope. Nope. And Nope. Multiple empty bar spaces, multiple empty tables. Place wasn't busy at all. Bad decision=bad rating. We won't return. Better luck with future clients.
5	Have heard about this restaurant and had really high expectations going in which usually sets you up for a fall, but this really is a great place. We had a group of four, all tried different choices and everything was just amazing. I even tried a taste of Sweetbreads from my partner (don't ask what that is, just order) and it was excellent. The ambiance was lovely and service very friendly. Also, I've found lately the restaurants I've been going to in Montreal are very loud, but even full you could still hear the people at your table (which is a good thing ;) ). Overall, loved this place. The restaurant is fairly packed though, so reserve earlier in the week for a weekend table. Enjoy!
4	Foodie place with small seasonal menu.  Everything very well prepared.  Had interesting flavor combinations, and it does have an excellent (salted) Pot au Creme.A little noisy, nice ambiance.  Pretty space.
3	This one gave me some trouble - I think it's a decent place but gets lost in the million other bistros in this city. There's nothing wrong with it, in the sense that it ticks all the right boxes - the decor is classy, airy, and modern with tall ceilings. The location is romantic (old port), and they serve tasty, albeit marginally creative small dishes at the usual high prices. The problem is, there is nothing really offbeat or quirky about it, kind of in the same way a Lexus is a good sensible all-rounder but ultimately not really desirable. Petoncle tartare, a piece of nondescript white fish with a confit of some sort on top. The fact that I can't remember what exactly I had says something about the impact.At the end of the meal , picking my teeth with a toothpick, I was thinking to myself "Nice place, but Deux Singes was better."
1	I don't know how or why this place got into En Route's Best of 2011; there is nothing to set their food or ambiance apart from all the other bistros in the city, most of which are far superior and far less expensive. Service was snooty, careless and pretentious. We booked a table but were seated at the bar; this, in spite of a half empty restaurant! Food was absolutely nothing special. The funny thing is, I had the exact same meal at another restaurant that was also on En Route's Best of 2011 list - Les Comptoirs - for almost 1/3 the price, though with 100% more flavour. Avoid this place. Not worth it in a city with so much more to offer,
4	Les 400 CoupsButter is perfect temperature.Great energy in the place and awesome mural on back wall.Artichoke ouster soup was excellent. Perfect amount of cream with a dollop of whipped butter cream on topCod On Chinese artichoke and honey cap mushroomsWow!  Cod was flaky and crumbled right off the skin. In a bed of tiny sea shell looking pasta which turns out is Chinese artichoke and offers a delightful crunch to the soft fish. Small bits of bacon are mingled in as well - not overly crisp to not distract but only compliment the fish.  Also a fine small amount of honey cap mushrooms and sauce. Excellent.
5	Great food. I wish they were open on Sundays.
4	A little to the east of the more touristed area of Old Montreal, the setting is informal and relaxed.  Our waitress spoke English so well we guessed she was raised speaking English - but French was her original language. Very engaging but never intrusive.Our starters were a white beet soup with confit lemon and bottarga, and their renowned beef tartare with mustard ice cream. The ice cream is dabbed on the tartare - it complements without overwhelming.Mains were Wagyu beef ravioli,  and scallops and suckling pig with mushrooms. Both left you content.I've seldom seen a menu with as many appealing choices - hated to pass on the Spanish mackerel, the guinea fowl, the sweetbreads, and the duck.We got a bottle of Gamay from the Cote Roannais - light but very pleasant (what a Gamay should be).We finished with coffee and several Quebec cheeses. This is a smaller restaurant - one good sized room. Subdued darker atmosphere - one where you can feel at ease dressed formally or informally.
4	was really impressed with Les 400 Coups. We enjoyed the tasting menu with wine parings - 105pp. Coming from Toronto this seems a great deal on a very expertly prepared menu. Oyster amuse, raw shimp in asparagus milk, beautifully prepared cod with fava beans and fiddleheads, duck magret perfectly cooked. Most dishes elaborated with interesting sauces and powders. Fabulous 3 part dessert. Attentive service was slightly inconsistent - some lengthy waits and wines/food arriving at different times. Great sommelier, well chosen pairings. A really nice evening.
5	Amazing, the food was on par with Michelin starred restaurants in Europe. Wine list was fantastic and service was warm and friendly. One of the best places I've eaten in Canada.
4	Thanks to some Yelp friends (JK & WC), I enjoyed a wonderful lunch here - the three course Friday lunch menu at $28 / person. It should be noted that lunch is only served on Friday's and reservations are recommended and required. There wasn't an open table in the place within minutes of the lunch hour.Service was excellent. I was enthusiastically greeted at the door and brought to my table as I waited for my friends to arrive. No problem for "out of towner's" - the staff all spoke English and they had English versions of the menu. Although the restaurant was packed, dishes were brought out at a reasonable pace.The restaurant itself looks great, very modern with dark coolers, wood tables and a large mural on one wall. A fairly large bar area runs down the other side of the restaurant. You get a view into the kitchen at the back and the large open windows at the front provide natural lighting. The only complaint I had was the tables that were so close together and the place gets loud as conversation fills the room.On to the food...    My first course was a delicious beet salad that included Bresaola (tastes and looks like prosciutto), beets and radish. It also also had a sprinkling of pickled mustard seeds which added a nice flavor punch. My main course was the homemade gnocchetti with carrots, confit guinea fowl, mushrooms and arugula. I loved this dish. The gnocchetti was cooked perfectly, the guinea fowl extremely tender and a wonderful overall flavor profile.   My last course was the Chocolate "pot-de-creme" with caramel & salt. It's served in a unique jar presentation. The ingredients were layered one on top of the other. This dish wasn't my favourite but I'm not really a sweats person. They have some local Quebec beer selections and full wine / cocktail menu. I appreciated the mix of beers available.I will back for sure on my next trip to Montreal. Highly recommended.
4	Lunch Special at Les 400 Coups!3 courses for $28 available only on FridayI took a red eye bus from Toronto so I can make it for the lunch special! I will do it again next time.Appetizer: Carrot, goat cheese, cumin, croutons, elderberries- A really healthy salad, not my favourite ..meh Cod brandade, radish, parsley, lobster bisque- nicely presented and delicious!Main:Arctic char, cauliflower, capers, confit lemon- cooked perfectly: skin being crispy while the fish itself still moist- The foamy lemon sauce compliment the cauliflower and the fish itselfHomemade gnocchetti, carrots, confit guinea fowl, mushrooms, aragula- pasta cooked al dente with great bite, perfect amount of sauce just enough to coat the pastaDessert:Tonka bean foam, carrot and sea buckthorn sobert, maple sugar cake- a really light dessert but with interesting elementChocolate "Pot-de-creme", caramel & Maldon Salt- love all the contrast both texture and taste: creamy and crunchy! sweet and savory!Service was excellent. The menu changes often so I think I am coming back next time when I am in town!Lunch Special!
5	I went to Les 400 Coups in November last year and I loved it. I finally remembered to write about this classy place. I went there on a date for dinner on a Friday and it was a memorable experience. This place was quiet, trendy and professional. The chef had a limited menu with their speciality dishes and I ended up having duck ravioli and it was awesome. Usually I dont dig duck but this was not gamy at all and flavourful. I had white wine and my friend had haddock which had a great creamy sauce. I wish I remembered the details but I will be back for sure. I highly recommend it.. only if you enjoy high cuisine since it is portion controlled!
5	This is probably my favorite restaurant in Montreal! The decor is cool, the staff is not pretentious and super helful...and the desserts, especially the lichy, are amazing!!!!IThe menu changes all the time but you won't be disappointed!If you are in Montreal, you should not miss it!!!
4	Came here for dessert, hoping to try their infamous Lichee granite....unfortunately, they didn't have it anymore (so please take it off your online menu!). But what we got instead was a delight!  Their feature "Green" dessert was refreshingly good (unfortunately I don't remember what was in it, lol - bad yelper).  Also had the Lime Curd - don't be fooled by the 'curd' - this was a 'deconstructed' dessert made of crispy Matcha tea cake, strawberries, vanilla, thai basil.  Put a bit of each on your spoon and you will have the perfect bite with the basil giving it just the right amount of POP!Accompany this with a nice glass of dessert wine and it's the perfect end to the night.Ambience is very nice. Cool, hip, classy. Service is accommodating and unpretentious as well.
5	One of the best restaurants in town. Do the tasting menu- simply perfect. It's a bit pricey but sooooo worth it. Make sure to reserve in advance!!!
3	We just returned last night for our third meal here. Needless to say, it's quite good.  We were hungry when we arrived last night and selected our dishes from the small menu. We placed our order and asked to speak to the sommelier for wine suggestions. We selected our wine, and as she went off to get our bottle, our starters arrived. I don't know if it was because we were eating so late (10 pm), but the timing of the meal was a bit off to start. The wine arrived in short order and we tucked in to our first course: the lobster with crispy chicken skin, and the beef tartare. The lobster was delicious---perfectly cooked, plump bites, topped with a sprinkling of crispy chicken skin and a sabayon. There was some cumin in there somewhere, which was surprising and not altogether welcome, but overall the dish was very good. The beef tartare, I'm afraid, was grisly. The flavours were okay, but the texture was not. After the first course, we asked that they slow down the pace of the meal, and they happily complied. The service is good here--attentive and efficient. Next, we received the main courses: Scallops with french beans and wild mushrooms in a buttery lobster bisque with curry (Indian spices again, but it worked better here). The scallops were sweet and tender. Excellent. My companion had the veal sweetbreads, which he loves and orders whenever they are on the menu, anywhere. They came in a tasty yuzu sauce. He likes his sweetbreads to be really crisp, and there were portions that he didn't eat, but overall, he enjoyed the dish.        One thing that is always perfect at Les 400 Coups? THE DESSERTS. Do not, under any circumstances, skip dessert here.  It is wonderful. We had "The Green"---yogurt, apple, pistachio, olive oil....you get the picture. Totally interesting, fresh and delicious. We also had the vanilla cardamom mousse---also good (but if it's your first time, get the chocolate pot-de-creme---it's awesome). All in all, a good meal. I would have given another half star if Yelp allowed it.
5	Finally got here after being on the radar for a couple of years and we were glad we did!  Les 400 Coups offers sophisticated  contemporary French cuisine in a cool laid back environment, California/ Wolfgang Puck Style. It s a place to try the tasting menu, as we did, to get the full range of the talented kitchen. Everything was artfully presented and explained with out any of the usual pretentiousness you may find at other restaurants that put out such a high quality plates.  Each of the 5 courses representing a good chunk of the total menu, were a flavor bomb. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. The standout was the tartar of arctic char   ( u like the rhyme) a beautiful combination of citrusy, flowery flavors, and  fish. A 10 on the rating scale. The desserts of which there were four examples were plated like little works of art with all kinds a great colors, textures and flavors. You should try the wine pairing with the tasting menu they have a lot excellent wines and not totally Franco -centric. they really know there wines and are not cheap on the pours which I have come across at other restaurants. While Les 400  Coups is not cheap at about $100per person all in. You would pay at least twice as much in other restaurants of this quality, but ,the nice thing is you can come in your jeans and tennis shoes or jacket and tie and still be welcomed and a little bit dazzled without the all the hype.
5	My boyfriend and I were visiting Montreal and looking for a great restaurant -- we couldn't have done any better! The menu was one of the most creative I've ever seen, service was excellent, and ambiance was wonderful (cool decor, dim and candlelit). The Atlantic char was our favorite. I highly recommend!
5	Wow----we are from one of the world's restaurant capitals---San Francisco, where great food is the norm.  Well, Les 400 Coups is something special and would rank in the best in any world city.  A beautiful and intimate spot with specially friendly and helpful service, the dishes were to moan about.  We tried a few selections and were consistently overwhelmed by the rich mixture of flavors in every dish.  Not sure how they were able to blend so many unique flavors, but we were thankful to have had the opportunity.
5	3 course lunch menu for 28$.  Better than the meal we had for dinner at Maison Boulard for 4times the cost. Amazing.
3	The reviews on this resto is pretty high so for "Montreal a table" I gave it a try. I understand that the price is lower so wasn't expecting very good food. The food presentation was good. I find the food taste is average. Service for our table was slow. I think the name of the resto got boost up and they could keep up with the expectation. Probably won't go back but maybe just because I am too picky!
4	Everything we tried here was great. We stayed at Montreal for just a week, but we went there twice for both dinner and lunch. Great service. They are open only two days for lunch. Definitely try the Arctic char. White onion soup was divine. Smoked salmon appetizer was delicious. Sturgeon was great as well. Dessert was not bad, but not memorable. We regretted we did not get their tasting menu. Definitely great value. Highly recommend this place.
5	First memory of this place is that the appetizers were absolutely phenomenal! We had the boudin blanc (a poultry sausage), the white onion soup (my favourite of the three) and the lard liver pate and I highly recommend all of them. For mains,  we had the Arctic char, sturgeon and suckling pig. They were very very good and presentation was beautiful but somehow not as spectacular as the appetizers. The wine we got was also very good but expensive - a $20 wine for $60. But service and food quality and creativity were great so I would not mind going here again!
