4	Don't usually review fast food joints, unless I find something interesting to write about.Anyway, Wendy's is not a fast food of choice for me, and until my most recent visit yesterday, I probably have not been to a Wendy's in at least 20 years.But I was coming back from an appointment, and wanted to grab something fast to snack on before heading over to the Splendor in the Glass Pre Party event at Whole Foods, so I stopped by this Wendy's.I ordered a few items off of their value menu, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was as far as dollar menu items go.The Double Stack (I wasn't sure if that was pancakes or burger, and had to asked the cashier) was good and, well, cheap!Spicy Chicken Sandwich - spicy, not too dried, pretty good.5 pieces Chicken Nuggets - tiny morsels of flavor, that I can totally snack on while I read.Being so closed to where I live now, this might just be a nearby fast food place that I will hit up when I need a quick snack in the middle of the night.Cleanliness - 3/5  Not dirty or super clean.Location - Lakes area 5/5 for me.Food - 3.5/5 For fast food, it is decent.Parking - 3/5  Small lot, but plenty of parking nearby if it gets crowded, especially at night after the bank closes.
1	This is literally the WORST fast food restaurant I've ever been to and it has nothing to do with the food.  I like Wendy's food, prices, etc.  But the people that work at this location haven't a single clue what they're doing.  I don't know why I continue to go here except that its a half block away from my house and sometimes I want something like Wendy's instead of the other fast food stuff.  But after this (my 3rd time) I can't do it anymore.  I went in and there was 1 person in front of me and it literally took them 10 minutes to get to the lady in front of me because they were still trying to figure out what to do with the last order.  Every time I've been in there it has taken me at least 15 just to get my order taken and its never been busy.  The people are absolutely clueless!  If you want Wendy's I suggest finding another location because the people that work at this location are so mind-numbingly unintelligent that it kills the whole taste of the food.
2	I love Wendy's, & never really had a problem before, until the other night. I decided to stop in & try their new Buttermilk chicken sandwich, because their commercial on it looked so good. Wow, was I so wrong!!!!!!!!! 1st of all, I paid $4.49 for just the sandwich...it was so small, I thought they gave me the chicken sand off the dollar menu! Also, their was nothing buttermilk about it..it was so spicy, I could hardly eat it, ontop of it being very dry, as they did'nt put any type of sauce on it..I put mayo on it when I got home! Very disappointing, because the commercial made me have high expectations..instead it was like getting $1 spicy chicken sand & paid $4.50 for it!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
4	The new crispy chicken sandwiches are the " bomb " and only a buck
1	Did the freaking cover of ya'lls salt shaker fall off during the process!? My god! I needed a gallon of water just to get through the night. I'm not an avid fast food customer but when I do indulge I have 2 places. Taco bell an Wendy's. HUGE disappointment. I'm going to assume for the better because I'll never go back again. My lips are still burning from trying to take down a finger-full of frys. Can you say heart attack!?
1	Slow service and disorganized
3	We all know fast food, but Wendy's food is usually better quality. The 3 stars are because the Strawberry Fields Salad & Strawberry Iced Tea & their chicken sandwiches are wonderful. The service at this location leaves something to be desired (1 star service.)
2	Absolutely horrible customer service. Takes forever for them to help customers who choose to get their food inside. The female manager with red hair is rude and lazy. She and several of her crew were sitting together even before the dining area was closed. Unprofessional. I'm giving two stars because the food was the only reason I came back, but not anymore.
