2	Decent place for lunch but high competition in the area, the place is ok for a decent lunch if the line at Kazu is too long
5	Kazu was closed so we landed here. It was a good surprise, there are various types of Chinese food on the menu. I think most of the items are typical northern Chinese flavors. Out of the ones that we ordered, the chicken gizzard skew, beef skew, chicken fried rice, and this other beef noodle soup dish really stood out. Prices were very reasonable also.
4	As in the other review, Kazu was closed so I landed here.  I was the ONLY person in the place for most of my meal.Disappointed, I went through the menu and found some very interesting options.  I went with the salad, spicy fried fish, and braised pork spine (yes, pork spine).The salad was great and the fish very well seasoned (eating a whole fish with a fork is not usually possible!).  The standout dish, however, was the pork spine!  I was very skeptical, but the portion size was huge and it was closer to a short rib than I would've thought.  It was tender, flavorful, and immensely filling.  Definitely in the top 15% of "ribs" that I've had in a restaurant.All the dishes were very reasonably priced, and while they can't really be compared to Kazu, this is a pretty solid alternative it's closed or the line is too long.
4	Surprisingly great!We were too hungry to wait for Kazu, so hopped in here instead. I was pleasantly surprised to find that they have lamb skewers with cumin! My favorite street food. We also ordered the fish ( came with 2 ), and grilled tofu skewers, very reasonably priced. Everything was well seasoned and yummy, the perfect food paired with a cold Tsingtao! YUM!
2	I've been here twice and my experiences were night and day. The first time I went for lunch. I shared the dumplings with friends and the beef ramen as a main and fried bananas for dessert. All were good. The fried bananas were the star of the meal.The second time I went the appetizer trio was fantastic. I had the duck wings, the cucumber salad (divine) and the julienne salad. I ordered the beef ramen again for dinner because I remembered it was good from last time and wasn't feeling adventurous. It came to the table in an incredibly large bowl. Filled with noodles, about 5 bok choy leafs, some green onion or scallion and a decent amount of beef. Unfortunately it was incredibly salty and smelled and tasted of eggs. There was no egg in it (sometimes a restaurant will put half a boiled egg in their ramen but this one had none) so I told the waiter. He argued with me, and refused to just let me pay for my appetizer and leave. He argued with me twice over, telling me I didn't know what japanese ramen is and that it was how it was supposed to be. I have had ramen before, even at this very restaurant and I don't think it's right to argue like that.In the end he wouldn't let me just pay for my appetizer so he gave me some stir fried noodles and I got them to go because I had already been there for nearly an hour waiting for my soup. I got home and tried the noodles and they are also incredibly salty but luckily they do not smell or taste of eggs. Honestly I WOULD have gone back again because it could have just been a bad day for the chef but my INCREDIBLY poor customer service experience will cause me to not return and never recommend this place to anyone.
3	Came here for lunch with my boyfriend. He got the beef ramen and I got the pork spine with rice combo. Ramen was just okay but I find the pork spine very salty. The miso soup that came with it was barely lukewarm. Waitress was very nice but it took very long especially for my dish to come out. By the time I got my food, my boyfriend had finished his ramen (it came out just hot so if he had waited, it would be cold by the time I got my dish) I came here for the grilled menu but disappointed they don't have the grill menu for lunch , only dinner. I might go back just for the grilled menu during dinner time. It is called Grilled Kiss so the grilled menu should be there for lunch & dinner.
4	There are so many asian-fusion-type places on this part of Ste. Catherine, and it's hard to tell which are worthwhile. We figured we'd give it a try since I didn't see any General Tso's on the menu, and we were pleasantly surprised!My husband and I ordered the 3 appetizers plate and the hotpot of spicy beef stew. The cucumber and squid was tasty, with a bit of a sesame flavor; the sweet and spicy cucumber wasn't particularly spicy but you'd probably enjoy it if you like sweet pickles; and the flavored tofu had an interesting texture but wasn't particularly sensational.The spicy beef hotpot had thinly sliced potatoes on the bottom of the pan, carrots, and chunks of not-too-fatty beef. We ordered "medium" spicy and it had a pleasant, not overpowering kick. It tasted a bit of 5-spice powder, which is a nice flavor with beef. It was enough for two people to share with a bowl of rice.The tab came out to $35, and $10 of that was beer, so the price is excellent.The restaurant itself was kind of cold, and a section of the dining room appears to have been partitioned off for things that don't fit in the kitchen. The restaurant was pretty busy while we were there, so perhaps things have expanded to the point where not everything fits in the kitchen? So don't go there for the ambiance. The service was a bit spotty, but friendly. I think there was only one waiter that evening, and he was bustling. Overall these negatives are the sort of things that keep me from going back to a place with just average food, but the food here is definitely above average, tasty, and cheap. Also the music wasn't the typical top 40 club jamz you get in a lot of Montreal restaurants (more of a multilingual jazz Norah Jones feel), so that was an added bonus!
5	This place is underrated. I've been there a couple of times and have sampled different items on their menu. I have yet to be disappointed. As expected they have a variety of delicious meats on the grill. Although my 2 favorites on the menu have got to be the lamb hotpot and the porgy fish. The lamb is so tender that even the bones melt in the mouth.
