5	Hats off to a painless Dental experience, Dr. Michael Kaye, Dr. Chen-Kaye and their staff make you feel like you been going there for years, kind-of like your family.  You almost feel good about having them scraping your tarter away (Not really - it's still a trip to the Densest office).    All I can say it that it is affordable, painless and ease, you cant ask for anything better than that!
5	Dr. Kaye and his staff are great.  You feel welcomed and they explain everything they are doing.  The most often run on time.  The front office is great with helping you on your insurance and they offered me  interest free financing. I did not need to do that but I woyld think  it would be great for someone. I  never used that.  Dr. Kaye knows what he is doing and is truly "painless."   I think he has been in practice twenty years or so.  It is a family oriented, intimate dental office with far pricing.  I do not like those big clinics.  Here know my name when I walk in and that is great.  I want my dental office to be just what they provide.  I strongly  recommend.  In fact I have sent three people there way and ll have been pleased.
5	I had the best experience here. Dr Gloria Chen-Kaye was amazing! She explained everything in great detail & even showed me diagrams of what my treatment was going to entail. Gave great prevention tips as well. Staff was superb. I highly recommend her for anyone looking for a top-notch periodontist.
5	Dr. Kaye has been my dentist for a number of years. I have stayed with him over the years primarily because of the outstanding service I have received during my appointments. The high standards he has exhibited in his dental work and his excellent interpersonal skills with his patients sets him apart from most in his field. Collette, one of the dental hygienists in the office, does a fabulous job - especially in respect to how she has adapted techniques and procedures to correspond to my particular needs. And Linda and Kathy in the front office always show a welcoming spirit when I show up.
