5	Jerry came out the day I called him and beat all of the quotes that I had.  They came back the following day and removed a 50+ foot Eucalyptus tree and six stumps.  I got home to a clean yard, no damage, no branch or leaf debris, no signs that they were working in my yard allday.His price was 1/3 of the highest bid, and that bid didn't include the stump grinding.  I did alot of shopping around, they were insured, professional, and inexpensive.
1	These guys seemed very nice, and they came out and gave me a quote for stump grinding. I had 2 trees that I hadn't cut down yet, but was planning to upon receiving the quote for the stump grinding. I needed to make sure I could afford it. I received a very reasonable quote from Harris and Sons and went ahead and cut the trees down and called them back to schedule a time for them to grind the stumps a few days later. I spoke directly with one of the guys and he said they would check their schedule for the following week and call me back. No one called me back. I called again and this time I left a message with their answering service. No one called me back.So, I guess I need to find a new company to do the work. Unfortunately, I budgeted for the quote Harris and Sons provided and I am finding that the work is much more expensive. I wish I wouldn't have cut my trees down- I could have waited until next year, but I knew the trees were declining and since Harris and Sons provided a reasonable quote I thought I should get it taken care of now. I give Harris and Sons one star, because while I appreciate them coming out and giving me a quote in a timely manner, not returning calls or honoring the quotes- is really crappy. I am feeling pretty sad looking at my barren front yard with big tree stumps sticking out like eye sores.
3	First off, I think they did a pretty good job trimming the trees.  They thinned them out really well and I'm hoping not to have to do it again fro a while.  The guys were quick and efficient.They got lost coming to my house, which wasn't an issue because people get lost all the time, but it took me at least 15 minutes on the phone trying to tell them how to get here.  Their quote person found my house on the first try and I wish he had explained how to get here so that I wasn't having to use my "spanglish" to make it work.My side yard is a bit of a leaf fest, so I wasn't planning on them blowing all of those to haul away, but they did leave more then were there to begin with (including on the lawn) and when I mentioned it they said it was already bad to begin with.  To their credit, they did come back and clean it up a bit.  Still not great, but sufficient.The next day I saw water shooting out of our drip system and they'd pulled the end cap off dragging branches out, I would guess.Also, it took me 3 tries to pay him.  Called once, and he needed to call me back, called another time and was hung up on, and the third time no one answered.  I emailed them through their quote form on their website just saying I was done trying to call and they could now contact me, which they did.Again, they did a decent job on the trimming, it was just all the rest that was difficult.  I think I will try another company next time.
5	This is by far the best tree trimming service we have every used.  They were able to quote a price to us by picture alone and stuck by that estimate.  When they arrived I asked for a quote on topping another tree that was leaning and touching my neighbors house.  They offered to top if for free!  They cleaned up and left the yard in better condition that when they arrived.  They even cleaned up all the flowers that had dropped from our palo verde tree.  The guys doing the removing and trimming of our trees were very nice and friendly.  They have earned a customer for life.  There pricing was well below the other guys we have used in the past.  Thanks so much!
4	This is by far the best tree trimming service we have every used.  They were able to quote a price to us by picture alone and stuck by that estimate.  When they arrived I asked for a quote on topping another tree that was leaning and touching my neighbors house.  They offered to top if for free!  They cleaned up and left the yard in better condition that when they arrived.  They even cleaned up all the flowers that had dropped from our palo verde tree.  The guys doing the removing and trimming of our trees were very nice and friendly.  They have earned a customer for life.  There pricing was well below the other guys we have used in the past.  Thanks so much!
5	If you have a gianormous tree to be trimmed, these are the guys to do it.  Friendly, low cost, and did a fantastic job.  I had a large palo verde and eucalyptus tree (2 stories high) to trim and they have the right knowledge and tools to get the job done.  They even picked up some extra debris in my yard!  Thanks H&S!
5	After calling 8 companies for estimates, Harris & Sons was by far the lowest. I didn't want to go with just the least expensive either, so I did my research first. I only called companies with excellent BBB ratings which would also ensure that they were licensed and insured too! I wanted estimates on the removal and stump grinding of a 60+ ft pine tree, 50 inches in diameter whose roots had cracked the corner of our perimeter wall. It was also leaning over our neighbor's house. You wouldn't believe the difference in pricing!! I actually got an estimate for twice the amount that Harris & Sons offered. What I liked about them was that they didn't start off with a high price and then try to negotiate it down to get my business, they were low from the start! I spoke to Jerry, who was very pleasant over the phone.  A few months later, (my research took some time)  I called them to schedule the service. I didn't even need to be there. Yeah.. it made me  little nervous, but these guys are professionals. They came out October 18th, 2013 in the morning while I was at work. NOT ONLY did they do an EXCELLENT job removing our tree, but they even cleaned up the area and took branches lying around that my husband had cut off another tree. I'm so HAPPY with their service. I would definitely recommend them and use them in the future.
3	At first I was happy with their price and service, for the removal and stump grinding of several pine trees in my front yard, I had even recommended them to one of my neighbors. Then a couple weeks later while doing landscaping in my yard we noticed that one of the stumps was still about 6-8 inches above ground, it had a circular boarder that  they only partly removed to have room for the grinder, now that the rest of the boarder has been removed along with the debris we see the stump is still there. I've called several times to both Harris and Son's and Jerry to see if anyone would be able to come finish grinding the stump only to get the answering service or Jerry's voice mail, none of my messages have been returned which is now holding up the rest of my landscaping project. So if you choose to use them be sure everything you've paid for is completed otherwise you'll have a hard time getting them back to finish up.......UPDATE  I was finally contacted today, and someone is supposed to try and come over tomorrow with a grinder, so we'll see what happens
4	Ok, I've added a star although it was not as quick of a response as I would have hoped for, they did come back out and finish the stump grinding in my front yard, in time for my yard to look nice for the holiday weekend.
5	We moved to Phoenix from New York. Because the trees and pricing may be different out here we went online to ask for tree removal/trimming quotes. Four places called us to set up quote appointments. Harris was not the first place to call us, but was the first company to actually drive by and quote us (within one day). When Jerry called with his quote I was very clear about the fact that we wanted other quotes, and the guy was understanding and very nice. I said that another company was already scheduled out a few days later and that he'd have to wait to hear back from us. Again--he totally understood and was appreciative of my communication of that.Jerry called back the next day to tell me that they had two other jobs scheduled near my house the following day, and would I consider having them come out and do the job? Jerry came down more on the quote, and it was too good to turn down. We asked how long it would take to remove one giant, overgrown and double twisted palo verde tree, grind out the stump and also to trim back the mesquite tree, which probably had never been professionally trimmed + all debris removal. (It was a big job). Jerry said that it would take two hours, and said that his guys would be there at 11am, if that was okay with me. He said that he didn't want to be pushy, but he wanted the job and knew we'd all save money. (we did).I called my husband to confer and he agreed we should go ahead and do it, because at that time, one of the other companies had already driven by and given us a written a quote that was $100 higher than Jerry's. It was a no-brainer so I called Jerry right back and we scheduled for the next morning.Jerry's guys showed up two minutes early (yay!) and the job was finished in ONE hour, on the dot. Unbelievable. You'd never have known that the palo verde tree had been there. The mesquite tree looked amazing, and the yard was spotless - no debris. I could hardly believe it. We LOVE it!  Payment was so casual--I simply called Jerry to tell him the job was done, and I gave him my payment over the phone. It was that simple. Jerry answered some questions we had about drip/irrigation tubing, and then he also recommended Whittier Tree Farm over on Southern in case we wanted to replace the tree we had removed. He told us that we'd get a discount there for mentioning his name.We will call back next year to have them do all of our trees. GREAT EXPERIENCE.
5	I am super happy with the service I received.  I called and spoke with Jerry - he came out the same day and gave me an  estimate - which was very fair.  They scheduled my tree trimming for the next day!  Alex was great.  He introduced himself right from the start and made sure we were on the same page.  He and his crew did a great job!  They even cleaned everything up and left it looking nicer than before they came.  I highly recommend them!!!  And I will use them again!
5	I had spoken with a few companies prior to contacting Harris and Sons but I ended up choosing them based on their long-standing history and the quality of the reviews I've seen online along with having spoken with Jeremy and feeling confident that they would do a good job.   I was not disappointed in the slightest.   I needed a large tree to be cut down and some palm trees to be trimmed and this company did a great job.   They were very prompt, they came slightly early even, the guys that showed up were very courteous and went right at it, working very efficiently, I was shocked at how quickly the big pine tree in my backyard was no more.   They ground down the remaining stump to the point that you can't even tell that a tree was ever there.   As you can imagine with a tree being cut down there's going to be a mess of branches and other debris but they took great care to clean everything up, the trimming on the palm trees was done in a similarly terrific fashion, all in all I am very satisfied with this company, I am very glad that I chose them and I will be contacting them in the future.      They come highly recommended, definitely give them a call, they work hard, offer very competitive pricing and all work was completed professionally and in an expedient fashion!
3	Out of all the companies I obtained quotes from, Harris & Sons was the quickest to call back and had the soonest availability to take down my two dead silk oaks and grind out the stumps. Jerry called in the morning to let me know someone would be out to take a look at the trees and the estimator (Jeremy?) came out the same day and was very friendly on the phone. They also had very competitive rates. I actually received a quote for more than -double- Harris & Sons' bid. I was so excited to hear that they would be able to take down the trees the next day (Friday) that I called them back 2 hours later after I had talked to my husband to accept the bid and move forward with scheduling the service.Unfortunately I had to leave a message and my voicemail went unnoticed. They had been so eager to get me scheduled when they called with the quote that after leaving three messages saying I agree to the quote and want to schedule immediately and received no call back, I thought they had gone out of business! --- But they finally called me back after it was too late to get the work done when they originally quoted. That's a shame. Now Jeremy said they could do it on Monday or Tuesday. I mentioned that would be AFTER this weekends high winds (scary with tall dead trees right next to the house) instead of BEFORE the weekend like they said was available but since it was so late when he called, there was nothing to be done about it.Thankfully, my trees did not fall on the house over the weekend and a crew came while I was at work on Monday to take down the trees.I was ecstatic to see no trees when I got home!!! And then... I noticed they had not completed the stump grinding that was originally agreed to. My mother-in-law had been at the house when the crew left and they told her someone will be coming back to do that.So now we wait............. I will come back to update when the job is complete and the bill is paid.
4	Overall, the work performed was stellar and the price I paid is very competitive. I have upgraded my rating from 3 stars to 4 now that the work is done but I am still hot over the lack of communication. My first review outlines my experience starting with the quote on Thursday 4/24 (that I wanted to accept for the Friday availability I was offered) to Monday 4/28 when they actually removed the trees but not the stumps.The workers who removed the trees said someone else would be coming with the stump grinder but the stumps were still there when I got home from work on Monday; they were still there on Tuesday too. So I called Jeremy to see what was going on, and again I left a voicemail. Once again I was not given the courtesy of a call back. I decided to wait for someone to call me for payment so I could ask them to finish the job before I gave them my credit card info since I expected that would be the only way to get their attention. Money talks.Finally, a week after the trees were removed (10 days after they originally said the job could be done), I came home on Monday 5/5 to a yard free of stumps! I was very impressed with the care they took to protect our vehicle and how well they cleaned up after themselves. I got a call from accounts receivable (Jason?) the next morning and he said he had been notified the work was completed and he mentioned their stump grinder had broken down and they had to wait for parts. It would have been nice if someone had called me to update me on this when the grinder broke or even when I called confused as to what was going on. He asked if I'd like a bill mailed to me or if I'd like to pay over the phone. I was ready to be done with this project sooner than later so I whipped out my card and paid over the phone which was quite convenient.Perhaps they should upgrade their business phones so they can see they have a new voicemail... Until then, expect fantastic workmanship with spotty communication.
5	Outstanding job. Responded quickly and the job was completed within 2 days! I was satisfied with the work he did and it was done at a fair price! I will hire him again in the future for any tree needs that arise!
5	When you have 31 trees and many of them overgrown and Monsoon season fast approaching you best get them thinned out.  After calling 3 other tree service co's and getting quotes the company I went with after a month still hadn't come out...Harris and Sons quoted on a Wednesday, had the whole crew out on a Friday and were done and cleaned up by the end of the day.  Very happy and will use their service again as soon as needed.
1	Had a scheduled morning appointment for some tree work.  Stayed home from work to wait for them.  They never showed up or called.  After 2 hours of waiting, I finally called the office to find out if they were coming.  Lady in office was nice and everything but she informed me that they couldn't make it to my scheduled appointment.  I don't understand that at all.  I had a scheduled appointment and they couldn't make it? I went with another company who actually showed up when they said they would.
5	Needed two Palo Verde trees thinned and trimmed.  Received a call back less than 24 hours after leaving a message.The estimator showed up the following day, and presented a very fair estimate for the job.The crew (Dave and Luis) showed up 2 days later to do the job.  I have to say they did an outstanding job.  Trees look great.  They were very knowledgeable and meticulous in their work.  They literally swept their way off of my property.Highly recommend!
1	Disappointed with their follow through. Contacted these guys about having work done. They came out quickly to give a quote, prices were average and we then gave the go ahead on a Friday. I had to question them with any sort of time frame of when they would be coming out. The response I received was "Sometime next week, Tuesday or Wednesday, I'll call you before were coming out." Still a vague appointment, but manageable. Wednesday afternoon rolled around and I hadn't received a phone call. Called the guy I previously spoke with and wanted to touch base on when they would be coming out. He responded with "Uhhh I'm on a motorcycle right now I'll have to call you next week." I questioned the next week and was very confused, it was only Wednesday and he basically responded with some "we got pushed behind" generic response. I expressed I was very disappointed considering we needed this work done before the following Monday, and now they obviously wouldn't be making that deadline. Waiting a week just to get another possible phone call is very unprofessional business. They were hardly apologetic, didn't even offer to confirm an appointment for next week, it was just another "ill call you". After I explained we were on a deadline he finally apologized and I declined having them call next week to then set an appointment.Anyway, whether it be the case or not with them getting behind, I'm very disappointed with the lack of communication. Please call your clients and update their status. I shouldn't have to call and retrieve updates, and sit here wondering when this company is going to come do my yard. Horrible follow through, and I'll be finding another company that can do the work they commit to, when they say they will. Freeing up your schedule and willing to spend a lot of money for a company that stiffs you is ridiculous.
2	Do not use these guys if you want your trees to look beautiful.  They cut ALL the main branches off of my immature dessert trees.  So, all my new growth will be in weak, 90 degree angles from the main branches that have been topped.  They will grow up to look like this: http://sonorantreesvc.com/03/how-not-to-trim-a-tree/ (scroll down).  If you want to see more examples of improper tree pruning go to http://sonorantreesvc.com/11/improper-tree-pruning/.  Our tree has essentially been topped with some twigs left on. We are so bummed.  Another article that Harris & Sons should read: http://www.angieslist.com/articles/topping-techniques-bad-trees-homeowners.htm.On the positive side, the company was easy to work with, responded quickly to my call, and was reasonably priced.  So, if you want your trees trimmed so that they don't need much maintenance, then Harris & Sons may be the company for you.  Also, they helped my neighbor when a huge tree fell on his house during a storm.  It was a very tough job, and they worked through a very hot day to get it all done.
4	Pricing was very competitive compared to 5 other companies.  Great work and clean- up.  It took them two days instead of 1 day as estimated to remove two 40' high pine trees.  I would use them again if the need arises.
