3	Nothing special. Standard grocery with good service. Stonecrest location has a better selection of items.
3	Stopped in this Teeter last night to pick up a few provisions for the week after having a salad and a brew over at Bad Daddy's Burger Bar.  This is not my favorite of the 5 or 6 HT's in the 28277 area but it has the staples.    (The larger stores like StoneCrest HT & Arborteum HT have a lot of specialty items that this store doesn't carry.)In any case, on this visit,  I stopped by the deli to pick up a couple of items and they were pretty slow, but very nice.  (They were training someone new to the department, so I can understand why it would take a little more time.) I just heard that they are getting ready to expand this store (again) and this time they will be putting in a permanent wine-tasting center that sounds like it will be a really nice addition.
4	Always friendly staff.  Clean, smaller facility.  Bit easier to get in and out than Stonecrest.  Great wine selection.
4	I am a fairly loyal Harris Teeter shopper, but have rarely gone to this location, as I have several closer to me.  Finding myself near this Teeter today after a lunch at Libretto's (across the parking lot), I stopped in for a few items that were on sale. Located at the Corner of Johnston/521 and Ballantyne Commons Pkwy, this is a large Harris Teeter without being HUGE.  Parking is ample for the grocery store and the surrounding stores.As of this writing, in June of 2013, they are currently doing a remodel and are down to 1 set of doors at one end of the store.  The current layout of the store is the typical Teet floor plan, but the signage is a little more updated.  Aisles were well marked, VIC savings were plainly marked on the items I was looking for.  For a late Sunday afternoon, there were plenty of registers open.  The woman who checked me out was very pleasant and I was quickly on my way.Clean store (even with the remodeling going on) in an easily accessed location.
4	Harris Teeter Ballantyne - the new lunch place!I stopped by yesterday (6/18/13) to pick up lunch to bring back to my office. Now this location has been under construction for some time so I was just expecting to pick up one of the deli's teriyaki rice bowls. Little did I expect that they would have a full set of hot lunch bars open!For $7.40 a pound (as of this date) you can get your pick of southern cuisine (chicken tenders, grilled chicken, peas, tater tots, mac-n-cheese, green beans), Asian (stir-fry, vegetable roll), Mexican (tacos, enchilada melt, rice, beans), and a full salad bar. With everything I got, it came to just under $6 - and it was a full plate! Where can you find good food takeout for under $6? Harris Teeter Ballantyne, that's where. The food was delicious - I told others in my office about it when I got back and our admin and operations manager tried it out as well. We're all going back today to try some new combos.Huge kudos to Harris Teeter Ballantyne for becoming the hot new place to pick up lunch!Oh, and the rest of the store is terrific as well - the renovations have been amazing. I've watched over several months as it has been transformed from a smaller store into an upscale mega-supermarket. They've done a great job.
5	Asian hot bar!  Still undergoing it's renovations, but already an inspiring update to my neighborhood HT.  The Starbucks branch inside is impressive and way bigger than I anticipated.  Clean new design and brighter lighting with wine tasting or eat in area not that we have pizza and hot bars, too.  Must hit the breakfast bar soon!  I am so a regular here for prepared meals, and sushi that the sushi chefs always know me now!  Hope the Kroger buy means the chain won't suffer from a fall in quality.  Wait and see...
4	This Harris Teeter is going to be awesome once they finish doing the remodel. Some of my top favorites:Huge Wine Selections- Seriously! They have everything you could think of! I encourage you checking it out...but with the warning you may end of with 3 bottles to try (but can you ever really have enough wine?) Seafood/Meat Departments- I really like the selections of meats and seafood. They always seem to have really good cuts of meat and fish. And the guys behind the counter are all very friendly! Have a question...or want something special...Don't be afraid to ask! Salad Bar- Whoa. More than anything I appreciate the presentation. No matter when I go it always looks so well stocked and full. And the variety of toppings here is great! Tons of fresh veggies and fruits...to make your lettuce very happy. Hot Asian Bar- 'Nuff said. YUM!I look forward to when they finish with all the upgrades and the remodel!
4	I office within walking distance of this Harris Teeter, and it is so much better than the one near my house!  As others have yelped, this store is amazing after the remodel.  My review is for the enormous salad bar - fantastic!  Super-clean and full of anything and everything you could ever want for a fabulous salad - from plenty of healthy stuff all the way to the notorious banana pudding (somehow, it's on all the big salad bars around here. ha!).  There are also pre-made finished tossed salads and garnished wedges, if you want to go the lazy route or need something fast for home dinner.  There's plenty of protein options for both meat eaters and vegetarians.  And, if you want to eat in the store, you can enjoy the a semi-secluded dining area, right next to the new in-store Starbucks.The renovation design really highlights the fresh and gourmet areas of the store, including the salad bar (with soup choices too), hot American food bar (huge), Asian bar, an extensive cheese department, expanded wine department, and a nice meat and seafood counter.I'm gonna be putting on my tennies and walking to this HT often!
5	I wouldn't review a grocery store, but my last visit deserved a review. I usually stick to my got to Trader Joes, but sometimes HT has a great sale and I just need things from a more 'traditional' store. This location being close to my office, it's really great to grab some things on my lunch break or after work. The other day, I went in to get a few things I needed for a recipe. I got what I needed and a few items that were marked BOGO that I normally wouldn't buy, but since they were on sale, I figured why not? Once I checked out I noticed that both of the BOGO items I bought rang up for full price, I normally wouldn't have said anything, but since they were spur of the moment buys, I figured I would ask customer service. Who knows, maybe I read the sign wrong. The women at customer service, Lisa if I remember correctly, greeted me right away and asked me to show her where the products were on the shelf ( since I had the items I bought in my car already). Turns out the items were BOGO but they rang up incorrectly. Lisa was very apologetic , which was kind, but it wasn't her fault at all and she gave me both items for free. I guess this is Harris Teeter policy. Who knew!? The great customer service, clean store, convenient location will keep me coming back when I need a few things after work. Thanks HT.
5	This is the new TajMaTeeter except for those other ones. This is the suburb version. Wine bar, antipasto bar and lots of fresh food. The people are great and very helpful. They even have dry ages beef steaks!
5	Now that the renovations are done for us this is THE most fantastic Harris Teeter in all of North Carolina. It's big, spacious, has a great feel to it and none of that includes the Starbucks, prepared meals, sushi, more organic vegetables than even Whole Foods might have. Harris Teeter (or Kroger) you outdid yourself on this one and it will be the only one we'll go to for our weekly shopping trips.
5	Most clean, organized grocery store in Charlotte! Employees are very accommodating & helpful, very easy to find your way around the store, products are always fresh, and the VIC card saves you lots of money making the store extremely affordable!
4	Teeter, Teeter, Teeter. What are we going to do with you? When every store is nearly the same as every other, it's hard to judge! Clean, bright, well-stocked, working carts, free samples smiling check-out associates. It's just... awesome. Love Harris Teeter!
1	This Teeter is not coupon friendly.  Tried using coupons during $2.00 doubling coupon week and they got upset that I knew their policies better than they did.  The next day went back to do more shopping and was also shopping for my 70 year old mother in law and they red flagged me, pulled me to the side and said I couldn't use her e vic card because I wasn't on my mother in laws card.  Told them I was shopping for my mother in law and they told me that people just make up names on cards.  I asked them how that is possible when they use a valid drivers license to issue the cards.  They got angry and now I'm not allowed to shop  for my 70 year old mother in law because I'm good at couponing.  YOU SHOULD BE ASHAME BOB AT HARRIS TEETER!
