4	This is a really great walk-in nail salon, located next to Macy's in Downtown Summerlin. My mom was in town this weekend so we wanted to check out this new mall and decided to stop in and get mani pedi's. Very friendly and talented guys there, they did a great job. Only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because we ended up waiting a bit long, and our services were out of sync so I was complete done when my mom was just starting her manicure. But that's because they were getting a lot of walk-ins all day. Otherwise, fun experience.
1	I will NEVER go here again. I was charged $50 for a fill! Not a new set, just a fill. Absolutely ridiculous. The job she did was decent but definitely not $50 worth! You can get better service for less elsewhere.
2	So, I gave it one star for convenience. Because if you live nearby...well, it's close. And a second star because the place has tv's and giant pedicure massage chairs, so if you could go in just to use those...football was on both tv's (??) and the chairs massage well. However, though I wanted to expect more, there isn't much else. We came here one weekend because (silly me) didn't call my usual salon in time to get my usual girl. So I decided that since I needed my nails done, I'd give the "closer" more "convenient" place a try. The staff is pretty unorganized...and while they have 15 or so stations, when I went on a Saturday there were only 3 employees. Meaning the same ones doing your nails are answering the phone, talking to walk-ins, etc. Also, I'm not sexist by any means...but two of the employees are men...who quite frankly, don't have a "creative side" (so to speak).  When I get my nails done, I like to hear about new colors, look at the cute nails on the employees or look at the design wheel. No, none of that. I don't know anything about the female employee as she didn't do our pedi or gel mani's. The men were quite "rugged", very nice....but you know, the guys at Home Depot are nice too. I just didn't feel like i was being pampered or relaxed like I feel at my usual nail salon.  So anyways, I fancy myself a "connoisseur" of nails. Jk. But really though, I get my nails done religiously every 2-3 weeks. My pedi was a little half-hearted...I usually love when a man does my pedis because they usually scrub a little harder and I get super softness on my feet. NOT THIS TIME!!  It was like "*wipe/wipe* ok done with that."  I though to myself, "really, that's it?"  Maybe it was because he had the cordless phone strapped on his waistband and had to answer calls....and also talk to the people who walked in. *ugh*.  I was already done with the whole thing....as in, I didn't care. Just paint me up and let me go. I will say, the paint job on my pedi was good. On to the mani. So, the place has a beautiful kind of oval shaped "nail bar" in the center. Looked comfy from my pedi chair. It's quite large, I imagine they had about 12 stations at the oval nail bar. ...but I got to sit elsewhere, at one of two tiny stations jammed in the corner of the shop. Strange since only one person (the woman) was working in the center...on one client. Anyways, I sat with my arm touching the wall and my chair pressed against another chair that was pressed into the other station behind me...wasn't great. Felt a little tight...but again, I was over the whole thing.  JUST LET ME LEAVE ALREADY!! Are we done yet?? I asked for a pretty simple design....black with white dots.  Wow. What was I thinking??The black went on fine. But the white dots...oye!!!  You know how gel can sometimes be really thick? So when he placed a dot, the little string of white gel polish that followed from my nail to the tool would just fall....so my dots looked like little tadpoles. NEARLY ALL OF THEM. I thought, "oh...he will go back and clean that up before I go "baking" but NO SIR-ee. He told me to bake just like that. I said, "oh, can you clean those tails off?" And after asking 5x without him really comprehending what I was saying...I gave up. I baked those tadpoles just as they were...tails and all!!!Anyways, in summary...I had high hopes. A place across the freeway from me sounded great...but only in theory.  The place wasn't relaxing and most importantly, the services were not good for me. I now make sure to always have my next 2 appointments booked with my regular girl so that I never inadvertently fall off of her busy schedule.
5	Visiting Family and needed my nails done. My nail tech did an excellent job on my nails! The wait wasn't long at all, so he was able to take his time and do a great job! And the establishment is beautiful, neat and clean!
