5	Tracy is the MAN. you should go see him if anything ever happens to your car. He might possibly be the nicest, most professional, honest man. I can't tell you how many times i have done something stupid to my car. And about 90% of the time I end up at Tracy's. I am a bargain shopper and Tracy always gives me the best quotes. My car looks PERFECT when I get it back. The last time I used Scottsdale Paint and Auto Body because Lexus told me it was important to go there but I think they might have some deal going with them or something. Take your car to Tracy instead. You won't regret it.
5	Hands down, the best experience I've ever had with an auto body establishment.In this competitive and cutthroat economic environment, Tracy Coukoulis certainly knows what it takes to earn your business.I went to Exclusive Paint & Auto Body for some minor paint touch-ups on my Audi A4.  Not only was the job done ahead of schedule, but the rates were competitive and honest.Tracy and his office manager, Maggie, were helpful, friendly, and flexible.  They made sure I didn't leave anything behind in my car that I might need (garage door opener and my phone charger were left behind...until I was reminded by Maggie).To top off this awesome experience, Tracy (the owner) offered to drive me back to my office.  I didn't have to pay for a taxi!And when my car was finished, Maggie got one of the workers to pick me up from my office and take me to the shop to pick up my car!Talk about going above and beyond.  I would highly, highly, highly recommend Exclusive Paint & Auto Body.Tom Miyata
5	I was referred to Tracy's shop by my auto broker friend, Mike Mullan.  By the way, if you want to get a screaming deal on a vehicle without playing the idiotic games they place at dealers, use Mike.  But that's another review.   I backed into a concrete mailbox that jumped in my way, tearing out the whole back light package and put a HUGE dent on my SUV. Owner Tracy had my vehicle ready before he said he would and at less than half and a third of the other quotes I got.  My vehicle is a year old, and when I got it back, everyone looked at it and agreed, yes, we couldn't tell where the damage had been.  PERFECTO!!!  PLUS, it appeared they cleaned and detailed the interior.   I couldn't make it out to their shop before closing, so he brought the vehicle to me.  I "rented" my daughter's car, but they had offered to take me to the car rental place where they get a discount.  Do you think I'd use them and refer them??  I've already told my friends.
5	Fantastic Service and excellent work.  Work done very promptly.  They even fixed a problem with work done by another body shop!!  Thank you Jeremy and Exclusive!!!
5	This place is truly one of a kind. After seeing positive reviews on yelp, I took my classic mustang here to have a small area repainted. They not only quoted me a reasonable rate, but found a way to save me money by using a method requiring no new additional paint to be added.After less than one day, Bob the paint guy had the car done with amazing results, Chase had the car washed down and looking great and all for half of my original quote. Exclusive will be the only shop I ever use in the future for paint or body work.
5	I'm new to the area and picked this place from the other reviews. The price was very affordable. I had a pretty bad scratch on my car and it was fixed within 2 days. They also washed the outside and the inside of my car for no additional charge. The people who work there are generally friendly. They can sometimes drive you home or pick you up to and from the shop if you don't have any other means while they are working on your car. I will definitely return.
5	Probably the best experience I've ever had with a company in the auto body/car business.  Jeremy gives honest and fair estimates and actually tries to save you money.  When I dropped my car off a few days later he remembered me by name and agreed to remove another small dent for free.  Then, there ended up being more body work than expected, but instead of charging me extra, he took care of the extra costs and kept to the original amount.  And finally, the work that was done was very very high quality. If you're looking for paint or body work don't go anywhere but here.
5	These guys are the best auto body shop in Tempe. They are reliable and since they are family owned they provide GREAT service. I went in from rear ending a Ford Explore and the girl who I rear ended told me that I damaged her frame and it was going to cost over $1000. She even told me her dad was a mechanic. I took it to this auto body shop and Jeremy looked at my car and her car and told me that it was an easy fix of $500. It was half the amount and I didn't damage her frame. It must of happened before I hit her because her car was pretty beat up as is. They even offered her to take her to work and pick her up while her car was in the shop! It was a great staff and honest, especially since I am a girl. I would highly recommend everyone to go here!
5	My husband's family has been using Exclusive Paint and Auto Body for years although when a nasty hail storm hit the Scottsdale area in the Fall of 2010 (just months before our wedding) damaging our SUV (which was only a few months) we called Tracy and his team. They got the repairs done in a timely and professional manner bringing our vehicle back to the pristine condition it was in before that vicious hail storm hit. Tracy is a true professional and really cares about his customers. We're grateful to have them if we ever need them again - although we hope we won't.... :)
5	I was referred to Tracy, owner of Exclusive Paint and Auto Body in 1991 after they did an excellent job repairing some damage to a friends new vehicle. He was so impressed with how professional and reasonable Tracy was that when my my BMW was damaged, that is the first place I went to. After comparing bids of two other shops, I selected Exclusive. The price was very fair, they are friendly and professional and I knew they did excellent work. Since then I have referred him out with confidence and Tracy did body work on my Range Rover, two Mercedes Benz and a Volvo. He has repaired my mothers car too. As i write this review, I am waiting for a call back from Tracy...again to repair some light damage I did to the hood of my current vehicle. For over 21 years I have known Tracy and trusted his work, I am confident that he will take care of the job again. A few years ago I was fortunate enough to meet his brothers and other family members in another business transaction....all just as professional and friendly as Tracy.I am confident that you will feel fortunate to have met and done business with Exclusive Auto Body. I have watched Tracy interact with both women and men equally, fairly and professionally in his shop...there are very few shops that I could say that about.Douglas Eggleston
5	This really is as good as it gets !!!!I went to Exclusive Paint and Auto Body after seeing their good ratings on Yelp.What they did was shocking.....when i went to pick up my Acura TSX from them after 10 days repair....i was not able to find out which side of the car was requiring the Body work..The Story-------------By Front bumper and fender were damaged and dented from a parking lot accident.I went to Exclusive for  repair and they gave a a Quote that i think i the most genuine i can think of...next I asked Jeremy if they could fix my rear bumper spots as well....he said yes and for the same price too.I came back and was surprised to see everything  fixed Extremely good as new.I would absolutely recommend this place for their professional work and for being very fair and genuine on cost. ( literally i ended up paying 4 times less than the quote an Acura showroom gave me)I am starting to use Yelp even more now....; - )
5	.
5	I've been here twice now for car repairs, and I couldn't be happier with the service and the prices.  This is the first and only place that I've been to for any type of car service (car washes and oil changes) where I feel like I'm not treated like an idiot by someone who's just trying to get more money out of me.Tracy is awesome; he's treated me with respect and like a friend.  Customer service like I've never seen.  And when have you EVER gone to get car repairs with an estimated price in mind, and they charge you LESS than what you expected? Mindblowingggg.This place is just amazing.  Thanks again, Tracy! :)
5	My repairs here are always extremely well done.  The customer service is above and beyond what you would expect!
5	I was involved in a hit and run accident and although the damage was relatively minor, I wanted to have it repaired.  I had taken it to 2 other shops and received quotes of $850 and $1300.  I was trying to determine whether I should even bother having it repaired.  I ran across the reviews from this shop and thought it was worthwhile to at least get a quote.  I was blown away with their honesty!  Most of the damage was the paint from the other vehicle, which Tracy quickly 'wiped' away.  They then proceeded to glue my side mirror back together and told me how I could fix the remaining damage.  The gift that I received from this shop is not without gratitude and the very least I can do is write a review to let others know that this is an honest shop.  This is a shop I highly recommend and should I have a need for an auto paint and body shop in the future, will absolutely be the one that I go to.    Thank you Tracy for your honesty!
5	It is the best place to go from minor dings to major work. I have introduced Jeremy and Tracy to my friends as well and that's the only place they will take their cars to.
5	First of all, I want to thank you fellow Yelpers for leaving your reviews so that people like me could find a decent and honest place to get our cars repaired.My dear sweet husband decided to drive over a curb one day, which resulted in our front bumper popping off on the right side and also damaging part of the belly panel. Went to the dealer where they tightened up the bumper so it wouldn't be dragging, but said I'd probably have to replace the entire front bumper AND belly panel. They sent me to their body shop where I got an estimate for about $850-$900. Ummm, no thanks. We knew we didn't want to go through our insurance since our deductible was $500, so we decided to start shopping around to get the best rate. Exclusive was my first stop (today actually!) and the owner (I'm pretty sure he was the owner) took a look at my car, said the bumper was secured and that he could just secure the belly panel and pop off the dent on my bumper. It all took about 15 minutes (maybe less) and I was out the door. And I most certainly did NOT pay anywhere near $850-$900.I will have to get that side of the bumper painted, but the quote he gave me was hundreds of dollars less than what the dealer wants to charge me, so I will be returning for that in the near future :)Being a girl and completely clueless as to anything car-related, I'm so relieved to have found a place that is as honest and fast as Exclusive. Thank you so very much!
5	Someone backed into my car and popped out the side of my bumper. I called these guys up for a quote and they said to come by. It's was a simply fix but I am very grateful for the friendly and great service.
5	Our background.  Although my husband and I are older people; we aren't fossils yet, just older than most of you.  That means we have experienced many different types of shops over the years.  Even though we live in Chandler, we recently took our car to Exclusive Collision Center in Tempe for extensive repair work following an accident.  After our last accident, we felt that the shop our insurance company recommended was only concerned about our insurance company's interest and not ours.  What we didn't know before, but we know now is that WE (AND YOU) HAVE THE RIGHT TO PICK THE REPAIR SHOP - EVEN IF WE HAVE INSURANCE! YOU DON'T HAVE TO GO TO THE SHOP THAT THE INSURANCE COMPANY WANTS YOU TO USE!  This time we refused the insurance company's recommendation and set out to find a shop that would put our interests first.  From the moment we met Maggie and Jeremy until our car was returned to us, we have truly felt like "special" people and at every point, our interests came first.  The work was first rate.  The price was first rate (they even found ways to save us money!).  The customer service was first rate.  Whatever problem or situation we presented, Jeremy found a way to quickly and efficiently help us.  Even after our car was returned to us and the bill was paid, we went back to Jeremy with "one more thing" that "popped up".  Instead of turning us away or charging us, Jeremy stopped what he was doing, inspected the car and then fixed our "one more thing" at NO cost to us.  That type of service simply doesn't exist nowadays . . . except at Exclusive Collision Center!  We were skeptical about the great reputation and stories other people offered, but now that we ourselves have first-hand experience, we have truly found the shop for us.  Whether we need minor or major work, we totally trust Jeremy and everyone associated with the shop.  You should too!  If this site allowed us to use 10 stars as a rating, we would give Exclusive Collision Center 20 stars.  OK.  You get the point.  Enough said.  You can trust them.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars, I would. Also, as Paolo did below, I would like to thank Yelpers for helping me decide on a place to take my car. This place was the highest rated repair shop I could find, and there is GOOD REASON for it :)Anyways, I got into an accident earlier this year and was struggling whether to scrap or repair my car. I decided to repair it, and Jeremy Black and his team did an amazing job. Jeremy was so polite and patient with me (I asked him a lot of questions) and he would text me updates on my car. My husband and I have odd work schedules that don't allow us to get to this shop during their hours and Jeremy even had our car dropped off at my husband's work! He was even willing to drive all the way up to 101 and Raintree to my office to pick me up so I could get my car! Talk about service and accomodation!It's been a rough patch for our cars -- my husband's truck also went caput and needed a major repair. Jeremy sorted it all out for us. Then a couple months after my car had been in, I brought it to Jeremy again to get new tires. He had already quoted me a very fair price for all 4 new tires, but when the time came to pay, he gave me back $30! He could have easily kept it and I would have been more than happy with the price but he was very honest.I will always bring my cars to Jeremy as long as I live in this area and I highly recommend him to everyone! Honest, highly competent, reasonably-priced and respectful -- qualities I didn't think possible to find all in one car repair shop!
5	Jeremy was WONDERFUL to work with. he gave me many diff options to work for my price point. i love that they break down and quote you the cost and labor and can work with you on the part whether its new, aftermarket, etc. they were fast, efficient, and helpful. Most importantly this was the LEAST EXPENSIVE quote. i had received numerous quotes, shopped around, and this was significantly cheaper. i have never had such a great experience with an auto shop!
5	They are really good at their job, as well as honest and kind. They have strong sense of responsibility as well. I heard they are local and family owned.  If you have a bad luck and need to go to body shop, they will Compensate your bad luck. Really recommend.
5	It all started when the girlfriend and I were moving some furniture.....needless to say we ended up scraping off the paint on the top of the rear bumper of my new 2013 Hyundai Veloster Turbo elite white pearl.  With only 2k miles on my car I was deeply saddened, but I had to start on my journey to find the right shop with the right price to fix my baby.  The first stop I went to quoted me $$$ and wanted to repaint the whole bumper and charge a ton of money for labor costs.  I wasn't having it. So I decided to look elsewhere.   After browsing yelp for some good go-to shops I stumbled upon Exclusive Collision Center.  I read all the rave reviews and took notice upon the 5 stars.  I figured it had to be too good to be true.  So I decided to check this place out for myself.  I arrived at ECC and was greeted by Jeremy, told him about my little accident and went to go take a look at the car.  He took a look and said "oh that little thing? We can fix that it'll cost $" To my surprise he quoted me 1/3 of the price of what the other guy quoted me for.  Jeremy told me to bring it on Monday and I'll have it back Thursday.  When I saw the car after all the work I was amazed! You couldn't even tell there was any accident at all.  Very happy with the service and price at Exclusive Collision Center! It's a nice Mom and Pop shop run by very honest and friendly people.  Can't beat the price and the excellent job on my car.  I will tell all my friends and coworkers to come here whenever they have any "accidents" with their own cars.  In the mean time I'll be pepping around enjoying my little VT that looks as good as new!  Thank you Jeremy and the team at Exclusive Collision Center!
5	I recently suffered a small scuff on my front bumper; a minor blemish. but enough to motivate me to action at the right price. I pulled in to Exclusive Collision Center for an estimate on the way to another appointment on a somewhat tight schedule. After reviewing the damage, Jeremy concluded that the best treatment was a quick air brushing and a bit of closely color matched filler. Three important points:1) I was in and out in 15 minutes, made it to my next appointment with no trouble, and was very comfortable while waiting.  2) The repair left the damage nearly invisible unless very closely inspected. 3) I was ready to pay around $150, and had been quoted as much as $250. However, because the touch-up was fast and easy, they performed the service on the house. Exclusive Collision Center is an absolutely trustworthy business.If your car is in need of repair, you will not regret bringing it here.
5	I accidentally scraped my boyfriends brand new Impala against the garage door so I wanted to find a place that could fix it but still be in my budget. I visited 4 other shops before I found Exclusive Collision Center on Yelp. Every one of the other quotes was well over $600 and involved removing the bumper and repainting the whole car. Exclusive was able to fix it on the house within 10 minutes of me pulling up, they even replaced the 3 fasteners that popped out of the wheel well. I can't say enough wonderful things about this place!
5	I took my car to 2 other places and got estimates of $700 and $850.  When I took it to Exclusive, Jeremy looked at it and gave me an estimate of $400.  I left my car with them and when I returned the repair job looked great.  When I went to pay, though, I found that there estimate was WRONG!  They said that it turned out that they were able to do it for less and only charged me $340.  I couldn't believe it.  Jeremy was knowledgeable and friendly.  I wholeheartedly recommend this place!
5	This body shop has gone above and beyond in the area of customer service as well as had repaired my vehicle to pristine condition on two separate occasions. Jeremy took time to always answer any questions I had and made sure I was updated regularly on the status of my car. I've since sent my family and several friends here any time they've needed body work done and each time Exclusive has done an outstanding job. I highly recommend this collision center and would never trust my vehicle to any other body shop.
5	I just want to give a HUGE thank you!!!! This place by far exceeded my expectations!!!! You guys are all so great and you truly do stay true to your words. I will definitely be coming here from now on. Hands down the best place to go
1	BE CAREFUL EVERYBODY!!!After Tracy's left this place this place is going down.One year after their "professional painting",same area is peeling off....OWNER Mr. Wang refuse to repair it. Also told customer "Stop lying".Mr Wang.You need to learn what is the customer service.Your job is taking care of your customer.  Customer is lying? Is that all you can say?Just a peeling off paint .It is not worth to lie. Grow up!! If you can't repair it, that's fine. There is many collision center in Phoenix. You don't need any offensive language to your customer.If people bring back their vehicle to you , don't panic!
5	I recently had a few scratches put on my new Camaro.  I have only had the car a couple weeks and some unsightly marks on the front from some friends messing around just didn't appeal to me.  I looked around on Yelp for a decent body shop that wouldn't break my pocket!  THANK GOD I went to see these guys!  Jeremy is AMAZING took such good care of me that I will ONLY go see these guys from now on! Trust all these reviews, they are TOP NOTCH.  Don't let the exterior of the place fool you.  They do a lot of business and it kinda looks like you are pulling into a cheap lot, but the SERVICE and CRAFTSMANSHIP are the best!Thanks Again Guys!Steve
5	Absolutely amazing service. Jeremy is super nice and has really made my day better after the two times I've gotten work done there. First time I came in was after the plastic splash guard was ripped out from under my car, (stuck in the mud on an Indian reservation so badly that the weight of the mud just ripped it out. I drove home not knowing it was hanging out and filled with mud so it got a bit ripped up by the road and it would not longer push back in without later falling out again). Came by since this place is only a mile from where I live and they were able to just cut it out for me - on the house. Second time was after I learned a valuable lesson, to stop putting large objects in sedans. I had gotten a rather big mini fridge and it was taken out of the box and shoved into my car by two Walmart employees. This left very deep scratches on he plastic interior of my car, as well as some minor damage the seats, exterior, and window tinting. I wasn't too worried about the other stuff, but I came by with my eyes still red and puffy from crying and Jeremy looked at the damage and I made an appointment to bring it in First day Tuesday morning. This was also done on the house, Jeremy's reasoning is that it only took 15 mins and minimal material. Before: http://imgur.com/279NFWlhttp://imgur.com/bY3dpN9After: http://imgur.com/TzkhPtVhttp://imgur.com/2XfQwgpThey have my business until I move to another state. Really glad to have found a business like this since I have a lot of things needing to be done, (there are so many little scuffs and scratches on my car it's not even funny), and that will need to be done to my car including modifications for aesthetic purposes that will come in the form as holiday/birthday gifts to myself.
5	I live up in North Scottsdale but took my car down to Exclusive because of their yelp rating. I'm glad I did because they are absolutely amazing! Even with weather issues they were able to make sure my car was ready by the end of the week. They also fixed little dents and dings I hadn't even noticed without increasing the price. I would recommend this to anyone looking to get their car fixed. They are very well priced and do a great job! Special thanks to Maggie for all your help!!!
5	Wooooohoooo!  As good as it gets!  My rear bumper made out with a fire hydrant and put a nice dent in my Prius.  After getting a few over priced quotes that I didn't feel were right, I took a chance and took my search to YELP.  I went to visit Exclusive Collision Center and they gave me a price that was very fair.  With all the great reviews I knew this was the place. I picked up my car today and it is back to just off the dealership lot pretty.  The employees are honest and pretty awesome!!  Thanks again!   Nicole
1	I called Exclusive Collision Center to get a quote on having a bumper painted (this bumper is not installed on a vehicle and simply needs to be painted). I understand that color matching would be required etc, but the receptionist said she could not give me any information without bringing the vehicle in. My time is valuable and every other shop I've talked to has been able to give me some kind of information or price over the phone but not Exclusive. Didn't really seem to care about my business based on the response over the phone. Maybe I'm expecting too much, but I feel this is good reason to let others know.
