5	Good Store. They keep it fully stocked most of the times. Cashiers are super nice once you get to know them. Pharmacists are helpful but a little over stressed and busy. This store is open 24 hours. I also like the sales that CVS does each week. When the sales are hot, they typically run out of that particular item but re-stock it by Friday afternoon for that weeks sale. I have had to return a couple of items before and they took them back without any problems. Once I did not have a receipt and the manager was a little abrupt but was able to do the return.
4	Good convient store. Everyone is nice and the minute clinic is awesome.
5	I had some serious allergy issues this weekend and ran over to the pharmacy to ask the pharmacist for some help. She was as helpful as she could be and recommended a few different drugs. The store was vey clean, everyone else I spoke with was also very friendly and speedy.
1	Another review demotion in progress...This pharmacy is always busy but I can understand that. What I don't understand is the attitude from the pharmacy technicians when I go drop off or pick up the prescription. Also, I had to wait on the phone for 20 minutes to speak to a pharmacist for a question that I had. When these many things add up...time to change the gawddang pharmacy. I am going to Target Pharmacy next. They always seem to be properly staffed, alert to the customers needs and very helpful.
1	This CVS drives me BANANAS. First of all, I think CVS is setup to be slow and crappy. One line, one person working who has no idea how to use the register, horribly high non-sale item prices, bad lightening, old school (and not in a good way) layout, etc. That being said, I continue to go there because of it's proximity to my workplace. Basically, I have no choice. Which brings me to the pharmacy. While I have no one to blame but myself when I go into buy a candy bar and it takes 20 minutes to check out (see paragraph above) I have a higher standard when it comes to the pharmacy. There are literally 10 BILLION people working back there (ok, maybe 6) and yet they cannot get it together. I have literally waited in line inside for 30 minutes with a baby in my arms as snot ran down my blouse (from my nose, not the baby's, I was the sick one) and only one person is working the counter AND the drive thru while 5 other people chat  about their vacation plans (seriously!) and fill prescriptions. I took note of this issue and next time I used the drive thru, as the baby was sleeping and they seem to favor the drive thru to the people waiting inside. When I got to the front they told me my prescription, which had been called in 6 hours prior, was not ready. WTF, CVS? Totally unacceptable. I demanded it immediately and told them I would not move my vehicle until I received my medication. After all, it was a zpack. Grab the box and throw it at me. No "filling" required.  UGH.I will do almost anything to avoid this CVS.
1	Since they have a drive-thru and I was in a hurry, we went to this pharmacy again. The pharmacist screwed up on a prescription that could have done some serious damage and didn't even offer to counsel while I was at the window. I had to ask and then he just asked me to tell him what it said on the bag so he could tell me what to avoid etc. We did use 3 doses on our child before realizing the mistake. I will not be using this pharmacy again.
1	The people behind the counter at the pharmacy must believe that they are the only place in town to have your prescriptions filled, because their service is at a level that you could only expect coming from a monopoly.  It would be wise for them to keep in mind that, while they get paid to waste their time, their customers most assuredly are not.  I value my time and self-respect too much to come here again.
3	This is a pretty good location. The selection is great, and I rarely come here and they don't have what I need. The only issues I have with this location are because it is HUGE! This means that it is tough to find things sometimes because everything is so spread out. If you don't mind a scavenger hunt, though, it's a solid location.
4	I just had a really frustrating experience with the online CVS photo system and thought I'd try calling the store at 11:45 pm.  Quite frankly, I had little hope that anyone would answer or if someone did, if she or he would care.  I was pleasantly surprised by the trouble-shooting that was offered.  The customer service I received makes me eager to use them to print my photos in the future.
