4	Glad i stayed here. The hotel was very clean and the room was huge for the price.  Two bad experiences at the one on Osborne.  Looks like I'll be booking rooms at this one from now on.
1	This hotel has bedbugs!!! Beware!!!!  I thought maybe I was crazy until I saw one crawling in the bed. While I was waiting to talk to the manager who couldn't be bothered to talk to me much less apologize, a man came down complaining of bites. This hotel  LOOKS nice, but clearly there's a huge bug issue
4	At the last minute, my work sent me on a trip to Phoenix and of course it was the same weekend as Spring Training and a NASCAR event. I had a difficult time finding a hotel, so when this one showed up I booked it! Someone said it wasn't in a good area, but I didn't have a choice. I was pleasantly surprised, the hotel grounds were beautiful. Clearly it was just revamped, however it was easy to tell the hotel itself was old. My only issue was with the staff, they didn't seem all there. I got to my room and noticed there wasn't a hair dryer in sight. I called the front desk and they said they would send one right over. After an hour or so, I called back, waited and got nothing. Eventually I went to dinner thinking that maybe someone will bring it. I got back to my room and it still wasn't there! I called again and they said they would send someone, after a while of waiting, I went to bed. I called again in the morning and 20 minutes later, someone showed up with one. It seems like they didn't have anyone available the other times I called. I wish they would have just been upfront instead of not following through. So annoying.
3	We stayed here for 3 days on a weekend business trip in mid March for the annual Aloha Festival at Tempe lake and were impressed by the remodeling efforts. The room was very comfortable and had a contemporary feel. It was equipped with a small fridge and microwave with a sink. Great place to stay for the road warrior. The day we were to check out, we decided to try their restaurant which offered a $10 breakfast buffet. It was a really expensive deal as the buffet was very basic. On top of that, one of the waitress has started putting things away as people were still trickling in. The kids' menu was very basic and I thought I'd just complement their breakfast by adding yoghurt and fruit from the buffet. As a parent, I wanted them to have a more balanced breakfast. No big deal, I'll eat less and they can have my share. It's a buffet! That's when one of the waitress snapped at me saying that she should charge me for the banana and the yoghurt since those items are only for adults who pay for the buffet. She went off for a good 5 minutes and I was just amazed at how she would worry about charging a customer for a 25 cent banana and a 50 cent yoghurt when the customer just spent more than $300 in her establishment. I was going to take her name down but suddenly, everyone went into hiding in the kitchen. So, I had to bring this to the manager's attention. I believe his name was B.J. He did a great job taking care of the issue. Zach, at the front desk was also great. So, thumbs up for the remodeling and customer service at the hotel. The restaurant, on the other hand, I would avoid completely. If you see a skinny waitress with sandy hair, in a pony tail, that looks like she's on drugs, expect 5 star customer service!
4	Stayed at the Holiday Inn & Suites at Phoenix Airport yesterday.  I was pleasantly surprised.  We stayed in  a suite.  It was really nice.  It was very up to date.  The  grounds were well maintained.  And, the room was spotless.  The bed was comfortable and you had both soft and firm pillows.  The towels were very soft and thick.  Thin, rough towels are one of my hotel pet peeves.  I would stay there again!
4	I had an opportunity to stay at this fine establishment this week and I was very impressed considering this is a Holiday Inn. I generally stay away from the standard lower budget business hotels after more than a few bad experiences. I was however very impressed by this location.It appears that the owners had recently gut out an older hotel and remodeled the entire place. The end result is modern, clean, comfortable and quite appealing to the eye. I ate in the breakfast cafe three mornings and the service was wonderful, friendly and prompt. The neighborhood is quiet and you are convenient to everything and anything. Scottsdale is just down the road 5 minutes and there is easy access to the expressways. Each room is an actual suite with a separate bedroom area, refrigerator, microwave and small bar sink. Two TVs, one in the bedroom and one in the living room. large closet and plenty of drawers for clothes. There is a large desk if you need to work and a pullout sofa for extra sleeping. As I was working in the gazebo one morning on my laptop I thought what a wonderful stay cation spot this would be if I lived in the Phoenix area. The price is right and if you stay in the courtyard you wouldn't guess for a minute that you were in Phoenix. There is also a lovely full bar in the lobby and a restaurant as well. So grab a bottle of wine and some microwave popcorn and settle in. This is the place to stay!
4	Enjoyed our stay here on the 1st night of the road trip.  After being on the road for as long as we were it was good to check in to a good sized suite that was clean and comfortable.  There was a refrigerator and decent counter with sink in the living room area.  Only issue was the bathroom was small in comparison.  The nieces and their mom enjoyed the pool and whirlpool.  I'd also booked the rest of the group to stay here on their return to SF (I'd already flown home) and they loved it even more because they were put into a larger suite with a full kitchen.
1	I need to start by saying that I travel greatly and tend to stay at Holiday Inn's. I am also a person that does not need a 5 star hotel to be satisfied. With that said let me tell you why I would recommend calling this hotel first....Upon arriving in the lobby a rotten odor filled the air, back up of water system. OK things happen no big deal.Received my keys for my room, nonsmoking, upon entering room, room smelt of smoke and mildew. OK sometimes you can not control people from smoking.Went back to lobby stood in line for 5 minutes, got new room. Upon entering this room saw that AC unit was set on 85 degrees...OK turned it to 68. Waited 2 hours, room temperature 80 degrees.Called to lobby, front desk lady said " will have maintenance come to room, but hotel having AC issues", waited 30 minute no one came to room.By now it is 9 p.m. and I had to be up by 3:30 am....walked back down to lobby. Front desk lady had no idea maintenance did not come, then asked if a FAN may help....NOW I get upset.... Who would ask you that crazy, sill, absurd, rude question after you spent money on a room that had AC... Then she gives me a new room which seemed to be a hassle, offered me 2nd floor, then after pleading to get first floor so I would not have to drag luggage upstairs at 10pm, she says ok.  Walked in, that room 80 degrees. Turned thermostat to 60....Here is how my night went.... i dripped sweat from my body all night, ABSOLUTELY NO AC ALL NIGHT. I then check out to have the front dest gentlemen say I will see if we can refund you....SEE IF YOU CAN.,,,ARE YOU KIDDING ME....I SLEPT IN MY SWEAT....I just went to the airport........BOTTOMLINE:CALL TO SEE IF THEY HAVE AC!!!!!!!
4	Groupon bargain for $68!  Large suites. Bath & Body Works toiletries.  Microwave, mini fridge, sink.  Free wifi! Starbucks!  Staff were friendly and helpful
4	I have stayed at this same hotel when it was the Embassy Suites and I have always loved it. Now that Holiday Inn has taken it over it is even better then before. I will definitely be booking this place in the future.I was staying at a motel the morning I checked into this place in the afternoon and I called to see if the Holiday Inn could let me in earlier. Since the other motel I was at I feared for my life. I have no complaints about this place. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I just wished I booked this place on my first day while I was in Phoenix. I highly recommend this place to all my friends and family.
5	Fantastic  place !!   My best friend had his wedding here on a short notice and Valerie the event coordinator  was on top  of It ,Valerie and her staff were fantastic even set up extra tables when seating was  short for the dinner  . The rooms were very nice the bed was very comfortable   I WILL  stay here again  I recommend it  to all !!! Thank you for helping give my friend Brandon a great wedding experience
3	Used for their airport parking specials only I'm not really sure what sort of hotel leaves an unmanned (in this case unwomaned) front desk at 7am, but were it not for the cleaning lady I've no doubt I'd have missed my shuttle to the airport.  Decided to try this place instead of my usual Howard Johnson and although the hotel is certainly nicer the parking situation is seriously lacking.
4	This is a very nice, beautiful and very well-maintained facility which I was pleasantly surprised to find so close to the airport. I loved the amenities provided and the spaciousness of the rooms, the gorgeous oasis-like courtyard/pool area filled with mature shade trees and doves cooing about nearby. All of this loveliness for a very reasonable rate for which I would most certainly return again and again.
4	This hotel is maybe a 10-15 minute drive from the airport, so not bad at all.  I must admit the exterior of the hotel did not wow me, I was even turned off a little bit, but once I walked into the lobby all that changed.  The lobby had a bright, modern feel.  I can't say that the front desk clerk was super friendly, but he wasn't rude either - he did his job, so no complaints here.The courtyard is like an oasis - seriously!  There are trees, a pool, hot tub, and patios where you can sit alone and read a book or relax with friends.  I really was wowed by it and don't think my photos give it justice.The room was super spacious, but you'd also expect that with a suite.  The living room was nice and comfy and the wet bar was an added bonus.  The bedroom was also roomy, but the bathroom was super small.  I realize you don't spend a great deal of time in the bathroom (hopefully), but just getting out of the shower with the door closed was a bit claustrophobic.The hotel offers a buffet breakfast at their onsite restaurant for approximately $10 and change and while I can't say it was fantastic, it did hit the spot and was very much average (not necessarily a bad thing).All in all if in the Phoenix area I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  I wasn't quite sure Holiday Inn could rebrand themselves, but they're doing a darn good job of it!
4	Nice hotel close to the airport. Lobby was very modern. Staff friendly and helpful.My room was huge, I had a living room with a tv, chair, couch, a wet bar with fridge and sink, then a separate bedroom with a bathroom kind of small and the sink was located in the bedroom area. Bed was comfy and pillows. I had a very small balcony not something I could really hang out on maybe I could of stood on it but I didn't. It was nice to open the screen to the balcony though and let the breezy come into the room. The pool area looked really nice, they also have a few couches with fire pits around the area.
1	When it come to customer service they aren't the best, or the nicest. Be careful if you stay with a corporate lodging card and are asked to provide a separate card for incidentals because they have a tendency to muck it up. The shuttle doesn't take you anywhere but the air port on most occasions and if you do get to go somewhere else it's an inconvenience to the hotel so they probably won't pick you up. The rooms are decent, beds are a little in the hard side, it seems like the a/c doesn't do it's job to keep the room cool. If you request a late check out be sure to pack most of your stuff up because if the hotel is sold out on your check out day they will probably remove your belongings for you even tho you requested a late check out.
2	So once again our personal cars were charged rather than our business cards. We requested this stay that we be waived the requirement of putting a personal card on file because of this issue that continues to happen. They had no sympathy. The night manager could have cared less what happened to our bank accounts as long as he followed policy. The only reason why I put a Second star on this was because I've the General Manager came in the following morning he finally made it so that me and my fellow workers didn't have to provide a second card on any of our future stays. Something every other hotel we have stayed at has done for us from day one. Lucky for us we are moving on and leaving this hotel in the past for good hopefully.
4	Close to the PHX airport and definitely nicer than I expected. The rooms are huge and come with a separate living room in addition to a two bed room. $10 breakfast buffet, no complimentary breakfast. Business center is free for use and printing.
5	First impression is amazing..very well kept hotel. Clean rooms..smoke free my fav. Internet is fast.
4	Great location not far from the airport.rooms are big and the staff is welcoming.looks like it was renoveted recently and its seems to be very clean.tip: rooms that are closer to the pool are a lil more noisy but its the closest thing to an ocean view : ))
4	Spacious rooms, great rates, nice amenities and a very clean and friendly space. The location works great when I am in town.  The property features a restaurant, a sports bar, pool, fantastic patio, comfortable and spacious rooms and a really friendly staff. I definitely recommend this location for any business travelers looking for a hotel in the Phoenix area.
4	I'll admit I wasn't expecting much based on this hotel's surroundings or exterior appearance.  This is definitely a place I'd recommend if you need something close to the airport. The rooms are nice and w/ a suite, it gives the kids somewhere to hang and watch tv. The pool/jacuzzi was so nice and everything was very clean!
