3	We're camping and doing some fly fishing at Oak Creek this weekend. I got the brilliant idea to catch some mudbugs while we're at it. I also needed a fish license, since mine long expired. Wanting to support local independent business, I headed to Phoenix Fishing Supply. They certainly do appear to have everything. Most of it is in the aisles, and piled into the corners of the store. Thankfully, the man behind the counter escorted me in the right direction, and also pointed out the pros and cons of each trap. The store gets props for not having annoying salesmen, who are all over you as soon as you set foot in the door. If your shopping style is like mine, I like to be left alone until I ask for help) then this place is for you. If you like to be doted on, you won't like it here.Their main focus seems to be bass, cat and saltwater fishing. I saw very little fly fishing gear. Also, they do not sell fishing licenses. I had to go to Big 5 to score one.
5	Absolutely THE  BEST fishing store in Arizona!!!  They are the only store that has saltwater fishing gear and supplies.  They also have a wide assortment of fresh water fishing equipment and the guys who work there really know what they're talking about - they can advise you on everything from fishing in Alaska, Columbia River, South America, Key West, and Cabo to stream fishing in northern Arizona or fly fishing in Canada to bass fishing in local lakes, around the U.S. or Mexico.
5	Love this place.  I hit it about once a month to avoid giving all my hard earned $$ to big shops like Bass Pro, etc.  There's plenty of high end gear, and a pretty good selection of terminal and soft baits.  The best thing about this shop is the old school vibe.  There are usually a few older guys sitting up front, (not employees) reading newspapers, talking trash, etc.  Kind of a barber shop deal.  Also, if you want some help, and an almost guaranteed laugh, ask Jeep for help.  The dude totally knows his fishing, and he's got a wry sense of humor, which he never fails to break out on me.  Also, when he's ringing up my items, he nonchalantly knocks 10-15% off of everything I'm buying, which doesn't suck at all.  Great local business, great people, totally legit.  Can't believe there aren't more reviews on here.  5 stars.  Time to go fishing now....
4	The Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated enjoys fishing. I know almost nothing about fishing. For the holidays, I decided to get him a gift certificate from Phoenix Fishing Supply.  I like to spend money locally instead of with big chains, and Phoenix Fishing happens to be within walking distance of my house.In addition to the gift certificate, I wanted to buy a single lure. You know, so I'd have something more than a piece of paper to hand him.As John K. mentioned in his review - there was the group of older guys (not employees) just hanging out near the front. The employees were all busy, so I was randomly looking at all the lures over several aisles. One of the older non employees offered his help - he spends so much time in this store he knows where everything is.He seemed to like my sense of humor. I told him I was looking for a single lure (nothing too expensive) for the boyfriend. Didn't want to spend a lot, as I have no clue if it will ever be used - the real plan is the gift certificate - the lure is just a cute little add on. He asked what my boyfriend fishes for. "BEER!" (sounded a lot better than, "hell if I know!")We settled on bass, and he guided me to that section.I felt like I was invading the boys club a bit - but not in an unwelcome sort of way. No rushing, no pressure - and if I do ever get into fishing, I have every confidence that everyone here (the staff AND the old boys club) would be happy to advise me and talk me through everything I need to know.I hope Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated invites me to join him when he's ready to use that certificate!
5	best fishing shop I have ever been to!  They were making elk sausage that one of the worker had taken this year and instead of just eating it in front of me they loaded me a huge bowl and some gravy and a biscuit and said enjoy.  It was the laast biscuit and it was for the owner but they gave it to me instead. I sat down and ate it and BS'd with the fly fishing expert a pro fisherman and a worker and laughed so hard i almost wet myself.  They have anything you need and will find it if you have some off the wall request.  highly recommend this place. They are located next to Rochelle's spa and salon and www.ClarityChiro.com other great local businesses too.
5	Awesome all around. These guys know their stuff and are willing share all types of wisdom. Great selection and very competitive pricing. Highly recommend this spot over the big stores.
