1	A coffee shop so new not only has it not been Yelped, but its not even on the company's website!So I came in today and ordered an iced Matcha green TeaThere was no wait, it was almost completely dead despite the many people walking around Westgate.It took a while to get my drink. Normally I drink it like its water. In gulps.This was so bland and watered down, nearly flavorless. Water would have tasted better.I thought that maybe I just ordered the wrong drink, but, drink in hand, I stopped by two more shops on the way out then went and looked at an apartments complex I was considering moving to. I was asked at each place how it was and I responded the same way each time, "It's barely ok" I was told at each place that my response seems to be the general consensus.
3	tasty Matcha Green tea and free wi-fi isn't enough to get me here regularly, but when you drop someone off (lucky someone going to see my fav Black Eyed Peas) at the West Gate this is the best place to sit, unless the concert is over after 10pm on a Thursday, because they literally KICK YOU THE F out at 10pm, or at 1 minute until then. you can still sit on the patio and use the free wi-fi after hours (until lights out i think) its kind of weird to me that a Coffee place would close at 10pm when there is a concert in the area and the line for coffee is still 5 deep at 1 minute till closing time. unfortunately they have several high school age Baristas working, so they have no idea that in this economy- all business is good business, as they are too consumed with getting out of Dodge!the wi-fi is fast and the electrical outlets abundant, which makes a worker bee like me ecstatic! they are loaded down with coffee alternatives so everyone is sure to find a tasty beverage. the deserts looked tasty, but i'll try them next time. the only problem is, they are located in the West Gate. parking is a bitch (except for us=Rockstar Parking oh yeah!) and traffic into the place is worse! so don't go out of your way to this place, but definitely utilize it when you need to wait and work in WG.my  matcha green tea was tasty because i asked for cold matcha tea without ice, so they must have added more matcha (based on the previous review) because it was a shade of green i have never seen in a Green Tea. i guess you'll have to taste it for yourself if your into the Green!
3	I ordered the coconut chai latte tea. OMG, it is freaking HOT for 15 mins before I was able to drink it. I tried to sip it, but I think I have lost a few taste buds trying. OUCH! After it cooled off, it is was good very very coco-nutty. The baristas does not seem happy to be there.  They were like "What do you want?  Anything else?  Thank you" ever forced to talk to you.  Then they just barely mumble your drink or food item when it is ready and quick place it on the pick up area.
4	What makes a coffee shop special?  Why the people you are with of course!  While awaiting a movie on our family movie day, we stopped in to Tully's to get some hot chocolate.  The hot chocolate was good, but I can honestly say I have had better.  It was almost like it needed more flavor given the volume of liquid.  It was still nice and hot, and provided a nice break on what turned out to be a very chilly Arizona day which is unusual in itself.  We will probably try it again, and hope for even better!
5	I stopped in here on my way to AMC Westgate and it was pretty dead.. mainly because it was about 4:30PM.  Who drinks coffee that late?  ..I do.The girl behind the counter was extremely friendly and I commented that I had never been here. Im usually a Starbucks person.  So I ordered the same drink I order at Starbucks.  She made the drink more than perfect.  Just the right amount of flavor in each sip. Very cool place.  The set up was actually nicer that most Starbucks I have been too.  Made me want to go home and grab my laptop and come back and work.I'll be back!
4	Reasonable price, probably hoppin here at night......
2	Coffee was ok. Not great.So here's the thing. I went in and ordered an iced coffee with milk and vanilla flavoring. The girl taking my order was friendly. I was friendly. We had this whole friendly VIBE going on. She passed my empty cup to the second girl making the drinks, who accidently dropped the friendly vibe on the floor and stepped all over it.She gave me a coffee with no vanilla and no milk, and half full with ice. As I stared dubiously, hesitantly, I asked her if that was mine. She confirmed and walked away. I asked nicely if I could have vanilla flavoring, milk, and a little more ice, and I apologized for being difficult. She told me that she would put some vanilla in it for me, but I could use the room temp milk that was behind me on the coffee condiment bar.I told her that I'd rather have fresh cold milk since there wasn't much ice, and she said she would have to check and see (?). She put a dallop of milk without asking what percent i'd like or how much, slammed the lid on the coffee, and turned around and went in the back.Beware the unmedicated sirens of Tully's.
