5	I never use the beds - only spray tans - (instant gratification)Their Versa Spa Spray Tan Booth is awesome - i've tried quite a few - {they've all cloed down!}It does 6 passses, and after each time there's a dry pass - blow drys the spray on (ie: no getting on your clothes - well, i would suggest to still wear black to the salon).  OH, try the extra moisture mist on as the 7 & 8 pass - it really makes a difference!
5	Have done the spray tan and use the beds, both are fantastic! Staff doesn't turn over a lot-they know you when you come in which is nice. Spray tan is really neat. Didn't know how it would look but it looked great, not orange, and lasted about 5 days. The beds are always clean and the prices are OK. If you do some research and learn the most effective ways to tan, you can make the most of your points.They offer specials on the prices of points so never pay full price! Wait for a holiday when they are offering a deal and save 50%!
3	I have been going to Pro Tan off and on for years. It has its ups and downs...The ups- really good pricing. $20 per month for unlimited basic bed tanning. It is the best value I found out there. - nice atmosphere, especially the Tatum location. - the specialty beds are great. The membership includes points to use for the fancier beds. These beds have always given me really good color.The downs- they don't include eye protection anymore. I have forgotten my eye protection several times and have had to buy them. I have like 8 of them scattered in my house.- a few of the beds have been faulty. Some of them have had hot spots that have burned me. Some of them have made really weird noises that have prompted me to end my session early. I kept thinking of that terrifying scene is "Final Destination."- some of the beds have really crappy radio/CD players that don't work.- some of the staff have been great, but some have been terrible. Some of the teenagers that work at the Thunderbird location have been on their phones, chatting with their co-workers, and just acting very unprofessional and indifferent. And a few (one in particular) have been very pushy in sales. When you ask a customer if they want to buy more points or lotions and they say no, you are not supposed to keep pushing them and then roll your eyes when they say no again! And when there are 10 open beds don't put a customer in the room that has the crappy radio! Pretty basic stuff. The particularly annoying employee caused me to only go to the Shea location. But (sigh) last time I was there a few months ago she moved to the Shea location. So I guess I can't escape her...Bottom line- yes, I will go back to Pro Tan when the weather gets hot and I will be forced to show off my pasty body. The prices are great and most of the staff is great. The few annoyances are a trade off.
1	Top ranking in unknowledgeable employees and horrible customer service. I came in to get a base spray before a wedding and somehow got upsold to a monthly membership. It doesn't include the spray tanning and I don't bake in beds. I asked at the time if I could cancel, they said at any time. They forgot to mention you have to come in to fill out paperwork and can't do it via phone, and even though I have NEVER ONCE used the beds they wouldn't refund the fee. Not impressed and won't be back.
1	I am furious with this place! In the past I have been a big fan of Pro Tan (other locations) as the beds tend to be newer and well maintained. But this location has got to be the worst. The girls are snotty (which is fast becoming my biggest pet peeve - self absorbed high school girls with a minimum wage job who think they are gods gift to the world. Get a clue, honey.) But the thing that really put this place on my sh*t list is their spray tanning. They have the Versa spa booth. A very simplified way to get a tan. You stand in four different positions and boom, done. Normally that is. The first time I Versa tanned at this location the machine sputtered, and I could tell something was wrong. Sure enough once it had "developed" it was spotty in places. I called the manager and she was nice enough and offered to let me try again. So, ok I can understand equipment error, so I dutifully scrubbed the first layer of my skin off and went back. It worked the second time, but it was a pain in the butt to have to go out of my way while on vacation. So I'm in the area again a few months later. And, I go in for a spray tan. This time the girl at the front wants to sell me the primer, the tan, and the after moisture lock. I agreed to give it a shot, thinking "hey this might be new and improved". But no. Now instead of just going in and having all three primer,tan, and moisture in-one, they want you to pay more money to literally learn a cheerleading routine. Back, front, side, side, back, front, side, back, front...seriously? But I didn't even have the opportunity to finish my glorious dance routine, because after the first front, side step....the machine gurgled and died. Thats right, folks. I was standing there naked and cold with half a spray tan. Pretty much the exact thing that a person worries about when first hearing about spray tans, but which one is assured "never happens!" To cut my rant short, I had to get dressed, get the bimbo up front (sure enough, her words were "Oh it has never done this before." No sorry, no offer to fix the situation) Her best effort was to tell me she could reset it and I could try to leap in at the point where I was left off. Needless to say I told her I wanted my money back. This prompted her to have to call the manager, and finally ask for the credit card that I had paid with so she could refund the charges. At that point I asked why I couldn't just have my cash back since I hadn't paid with a credit card. It was a joke. Its a shame I won't ever be back here because the location was great for me, but by now if something annoying/shitty/ridiculous happened there it would just be shame on me for not learning my lesson.
3	I only use the Versa Spa Spray Tan Booth and honestly, it's great for a last minute tan if you want to have some color and just want the convenience of walking into a place and have a machine spray you.  The Versa Spa is NOT as good as a person spraying you but it DOES have some significant upsides.  #1 you don't need an appointment and you can walk in and get a spray at the last minute #2 If you don't feel like having the personal interaction of getting naked in front of a girl that sprays you...then this is a nice alternative...the machine don't talk to you and it is VERY fast! #3 The color (on me at least) is actually very natural.  #4  It dries VERY fast...You can literally go straight to the gym.  This is a VERY big benefit for me.  The personal spray tans can take anywhere from 2-6 hours to dry.  No bra etc after those kinds of sprays...which makes those a very serious downside.  This is a really big benefit for me.    I look like I have the flu without a little tan and this does the trick quickly!  The down side?  The spray tan doesn't last nearly as long as Nourelle and other brands that you get when an individual personally sprays you.  The tan literally lasts for only 2 - 3 showers and it's gone.  If you plan a day at the pool, plan on fading as you swim.  So there are positives and negatives...it depends on what you are looking for - and for me....it is a good last minute option- if the spray solution every changes where it will last longer....I will upgrade my stars to five!
1	I will never come here again! The staff is condescending and snotty every time I interact with them. My wife and I came to tan tonight and was at their door at 8:40 and it was locked. There were 2 girls inside and definitely saw me and pretended not to as we knocked. They finally came to the door and told us they "took their last tan for the evening". We explained it was only 8:40 and they said they shut down the computers for the night--which was B.S. as there were still people in there tanning which requires the computers. It is irritating that I pay for a service that deducts money from my account and they don't let me in during hours they are supposed to be open. The girl who answered the door snottily stated, they open again at 9:00 am. Tomorrow at 9:00 I will be canceling my EFT. Definitely pass this place up. My suggestion, go somewhere where the owner is there and they care, go somewhere where they want your business.
1	So being an avid Yelper, I had reviewed them exactly 1yr and 2 months ago giving them 5 stars. However, this company is good to you if you are not a loyal customer. In becoming a loyal customer I purchased an unlimited membership month to month contract with an enrollment charge. After considering the monthly cost and accruing that charge month over month I decided it was not a beneficial bill for me. I ended up calling them in June 2013 to cancel my membership in which I was informed the process would have to be an in person cancelation including a hefty cancelation fee. With that being said, and to much of my annoyance, I proceeded to cancel my membership in person at an additional charge including the next months membership charge (note to self: I'm not renting an apartment to have to abide by similar policies). Subsequently after noticing continuing $43.95 monthly charges (when not utilizing their service for over 9 months) for the next 6 months I contacted my bank to place a stop payment due to the fact they are no longer an authorized merchant. I was then advised by my bank to dispute my claim to the owner, in which I did. Thereafter, to my dismay, the owner, Jim,  called back a month later. The owner then continued to state, he "deals with a lot of people like myself who lie, if this was L.A. Fitness they would laugh at me," and continued to state, "he's a small business owner who does not give customers their money back" after openly admitting he noticed I have not used their service for those 9 months... Nevertheless, based off our conversation, he expects customers to save receipts over a yr ago whereas the company has no recollection or tracking system in place for cancelations. (I wonder why). This is his mechanism in not reimbursing customers close to $300 back (his words not mine). I then told him they had no authority to continue charging as that's fraudulent activity. I asked him his full name and he avoided my question twice then hung up. I called back to his direct line immediately after, no answer. I called back again, no answer. He's now avoiding my calls. Overall he was very rude, and mentioned he was "shaking in his boots" when I told him I'd contact the BBB, review him on Yelp, and take this to a small claims court. Needless to say, I'm accepting his challenge and taking this much further. Similarly after reviewing other yelp reviews, I noticed a filtered review from Lauren H. who in fact was extremely accurate. He claims customer service before he lashes out at you when the company is at fault, and avoids you at all costs. Sad stuff but reality. I used to like them, was very loyal to them, but not anymore. Never again.
