1	This was so poorly organized it was hard to believe.  We were in line 45 minutes just to get to park.  the foo lines were all a one hour wait. I would never go again.
1	Not sure if I should even write a review, but I did try to attend and was so annoyed even trying to park I left.  Thought I should at least let others know of my experience.  I purchased 2 for 1 tickets online from Voice Daily Deals (New Times) online.  I wasn't thinking it was going to be crowded so we ended up going around lunchtime to drop in and be able to sample different trucks food.  Lines started a couple of blocks in our car away from the event just to get into the parking lot.   After making it near the fields where the event was after 20 minutes still in line.  I saw the huge amounts of lines of hundreds of people waiting in the lines through the chain link fence.  After sitting still in the parking lot line waiting to park for another 10 minutes got to thinking that we probably wouldn't be able to eat for another hour or so if we are lucky at that.  My husband and I voted against waiting in line that long to eat so we made a u turn from the line and ended up handing our printed ticket to a couple that was walking towards the event.  Ended up eating elsewhere and was served right away.  I won't be going back for this event after reading the reviews posted here, glad I made the executive decision of taking off before getting in the door.
1	Lucky I got free ticket. The lines where so long I did not even attempt to wait. Just terrible. I was going to ask a few friends to go with us. Thank goodness we did not. I would have felt terrible if anyone paid money to get in.
1	Never will I go to this again. There was NO organization. We waited in our car for over 45min to park(should have left then) We then paid to park $5. Then it was $10 to get in. We waited in line for 2hrs and moved 30 ft and still had 50ft to go. We left at that point with out eating one thing. DO NOT GO TO THIS EVENT NEXT TIME.
1	A little late to the party.  I was able to convince my father to get out of this house for what looked to be a great time and great food.  What a DISASTER.  The prior reviews are dead on.  We were so excited to savor the tastings of food trucks but obviously so was the entire population of Scottsdale.  Lines lasted for hours, trucks ran out of food and everyone was grumpy.  Not impressed.
1	I have to agree with the other reviewers in that this was pretty horrible. There was a price for parking ($5) and a price for entrance($10), which essential got you.. nothing. Once inside you still had to pay for any of the food you ordered. For $15 i could have gone to an actual restaurant. I was picturing something like a whole bunch of food trucks with ready samples that were either free or for a nominal fee. At first we thought the tickets that they were selling were for the food. What it actually was was a bunch of food trucks selling their regular products. While the food was small, and some of it tasty, the prices were not good in the least. With how much money it cost, i wasn't interested in going to multiple food trucks, which i thought was the point of the event. If that weren't enough, the lines were absolutely horrible everywhere. A huge line to get into the parking lot, a line to get into the field, a line (many over an hour long) for each individual truck, and a line for overpriced drinks. And it wasn't as if you got to the front of the food truck and got your food. Several of them, you placed your order, then waited again for them to prepare it. With how many people there were and how limited the menus were, i can't imagine that they wouldn't prepare a bunch at once and have them ready. We gave up and left around noon to go to mcdonalds. At that point we overheard that several trucks had run out of food. And the event was supposed to last through dinner. Everything about it was just horrible.
1	This festival sounded like it was going to be amazing! Unfortunately, it was such a bust! Outside of the parking and entrance fees that literally did nothing but get you into the place, you then had to buy tickets to try samples (literally one bite samples) at $2 each. The lines were ridiculous, well over an hour for most AND most of the trucks had run out of food shortly after it started. I won't be wasting my time or money on this kind of event again. Sad.
1	Great concept, terrible execution. The event was ill prepared, disorganized, and on top of it there were overwhelming amount of folks. Folks who wanted to be fed immediately. Although I was sipping an adult beverage and chatting away, spending an hour waiting in line for a mediocre taco is not my idea of a good time. I really hope they re-do this and improve the experience because I feel there is potential here. They just missed the mark.
1	Where do we start? The place is hot, dusty, very crowded, and so disorganized. Okay that aside, the reason why were giving this event a 1 star ( 0 if possible) is the false advertisement to  various ticket sellers. They proudly say " trucks are asked to sell food on low price" this is well printed and customer service even answer this question on their website. Well let me save you the precious time, money and save you from getting angry. Not only you have to pay (12) dollars for entrance, you also have to pay parking (5). The websites also says "trucks will gove samples", well were the hell have you seen a place to ask (2) dollars for a sample? Yes! You read that right, samples have prices. Yet this is still not the worst part, when you start to go to their trucks you find out that thr prices are not only expensive it also feels like your getting rip off by the price!!!!! Heres the sample of prices (2 dollars on the following)- eater, soda, 1 minicupcake. (4 dollars) 1 medium size cupcake. (6 dollars) lemonades, shakes, sundaes. 8-16 dollars are the prizes for the maim foods like bbq, burgers, etc. In the end of the day you end up paying 150 ir more just trying foods. With that prize I could have bought a nice dinner and good lunch on a good restaurant. This is not only a rip off, its obviously a misleading event. Oh and did I told you that alot of their foods are mediocre at best? Also some events were cancelled when we went, so unorganized. YeaH WE Will never comeback and will spread the word. Alot of people are still going to it, feels like alot of people dont use yelp ( 2012 was the only event related on yelp). I hate this event. I really do.
