4	Under new management and offering warm welcomes and delicious food, "Chand Palace" is a cozy 2nd floor walk-up formerly called "Curry & Naan." In addition to mouth-watering thali the new menu includes a variety of dosas (mmmmm...), indian 'pizza' and is BYOB. It offers fresh, delicious fare at a very, very reasonable price. Shortly after moving to Park Ex I ate out frequently while settling in and the thali were SO good and cheap there ($5.99-$6.99 for dinner, one dollar cheaper for lunch!) that I brought different friends to "Chand Palace" six times in two weeks. (insert blush here) I tried to go to other places for variety but really, when you've found a great thing...The veggie thali is consistently good but the spice level varies - always dal, sometimes paneer, always delicious. Fluffy naan, basmati rice and a few leaves of pale lettuce are included. I recommend ordering raita (cooling yogurt condiment) if you aren't used to too much spice. The butter and curry chicken thali are also delicious and although I didn't try it, a friend ordered the spicy goat and was over the moon. And if for some crazy reason you've got room for dessert a divine selectionof indian sweets await you right next door to Chand Palace. Get a gorgeous silver box to go...
5	1 star for everything we ordered being tasty (chicken madrasi, aloo gobi, masoor masala dosa, samosas, garlic naan, rice...properly cooked rice is important).1 star for spending $32 on a meal for two people that required us to move to a table for four.1 star for super nice wait staff that a) told me what I ordered was spicy and then didn't make it mild when I said I like (love) spice and b) were awesome to us during dinner rush, great service.1 star for having both the standards and a section of South Indian dishes to explore.1 star for the masoor masala dosa.  You know when you try something new and it just makes your day?  It was like that.  This was on par with the first time I ate a giant barnacle.I'm on a run of 5 star reviews this week, but lately I've just felt that budget places with great food and service need to be recognized to survive since it's tough to run a successful restaurant.  This place was packed when we went and not only was obvious why, they handled it cheerfully and everyone got a great experience.  I've paid $150 for dinner and been less satisfied.
5	Pretty, cozy, and shining clean inside with a staff of just lovely, thoughtful, soft-spoken ladies. I was brought here by the ever-wise Krista M who never disappoints, so I just ordered one of whatever she was having. We kept it simple with the butter chicken thali and the flavours and textures were just perfect in both veg dishes and in the dreamy creamy butter chicken sauce. Perfect naan too, light and chewy and buttery and crispy all at the same time. Next time I'll come back for dosas and bring my own wine. Who's coming with me? =)
3	I love the butter chicken here. Very creamy and a bit sweet, just how I like it. However, make sure to check your bill.
4	Holy moly cheap Batman, plus it's BYOW. The shahi paneer and the butter shrimp were yummy but the naan wasn't my favourite to be quite honest. Chand Palace is super close to the Metro so it's easy to get to, and it's good for groups. Fast and friendly service and tons of choices on the menu: solid pick to get your Indian on.
5	This is the corner of Birnam and Jean-Talon, where the top tier resto's duke it out.My favorite in Parc Ex is India Beau Village on Jarry, but for Jean-Talon, this is the place to eat.I remember this being Curry and Naan a while back, who were very good, but closed shop. This is taken over by new owners and staff.The food is quite simply amazingly fresh. The place is small and you could hear them making the food ( which is rare in this day of prepackaged and re-heated).I've had the Chicken Tikka, huge portion and deliciously spicy. I also had the Chicken 65,  very hard to find in Montreal ($6.50 is a great price).The palau rice is about $3 and well worth it.My friend had the thali with lamb curry and he said it was awesome, the potatoes ,rice and naan were great.The service is very quick and friendly, they brought us complementary papadum and rice pudding at the end.Last time i passed by the area and the place was packed, while other places that have disappointed me were practically empty, seems word of mouth moves fast.
4	Great find. Simple authentic Indian food. Nothing fancy but definitely gives me my Indian fix. The restaurant is small but clean. Good service and consistently good.  Really good value, especially for lunch as their Thali plate is really good.
4	The best Indian food in Montreal hands down!Beware, the portions here are humongous. My girlfriend and I had the Aloo Tikki and the Chana Bhatura for starters, and we were almost full halfway through each of the dishes. We also ordered a Butter Chicken Thali and a Lamb Curry Thali.They don't joke around with their spices, oh no. Each single dish was so well seasoned that "every mouthful of food was an acute positive pleasure" (Orwell 1945). They're serious, they're mean, they're furious with those seasonings, I could picture the chef throwing them spices at the uncooked meat and veggies screaming "oh I'm gonna season you so bad!"However, the dishes are not overwhelming or difficult to eat, they're not too greasy or too salty and go perfectly with the naan and the rice. The Butter Chicken tasted really nice with a rich, savoury coconut cream-based sauce (although the chicken itself was really dry). The Lamb Curry had a melt-in-your-mouth texture and a hearty, rich taste with a hint of cumin.The service was caring, personal, and very efficient; somehow one waitress was able to serve a fully booked restaurant without leaving anyone a bad experience. Apparently you can bring your own wine, which makes it great for groups.The price of the dishes varies between 4~7$, really good value since you can get lots of food. The only downside is that they charge taxes but do not give any receipts...
5	So I found Chand Palace by searching for "Best Indian" on Yelp and I agree 100%! I was looking for a place to go with a group of friends with whom I recently traveled to India. This was my first Indian meal since getting back from our trip about a month ago and it did not disappoint. The restaurant is cozy and full of great energy. Everything we ordered was very tasty, nicely spiced and well presented in nice serving bowls. The resto had the authentic feel of a typical hole in the wall Indian restaurant, but was a notch or two up the scale on presentation, cleanliness and decor. We all loved the food and as we were leaving decided that we would be back to Chand Palace again soon to reminisce some more about our travels to India. All this for $11/person and it is a BYOB!
5	We couldn't be bothered to wait 30-45 minutes for either Maison and Punjab, but our lack of patience and growling stomachs took us to Chand Palace. We saw a dude waiting in front of us carrying a bottle so we were like AWEEESOOOME!!! And we were the second group to be seated so we were like SCOOORE!!!  We were afraid that the food was gonna be gringo-fied, but it wasn't so we were like HAIL YEAAA!!!  You get the picture.We got three mains all delicious - palak paneer, chicken tikka masala, lamb biryani and garlic naan - all for $35 inc tax and tips. Pretty amazing! We got super jealous when everyone at the table next to us had the little lunch box tray. Aw well next time! We'll definitely be back.
4	I've gone to most of the Indian places huddled around this corner (and believe me-- there are a lot!) but this is the one I come back to over and over again. This is definitely the place to go with a group of friends to eat family style and try a little of everything. The staff here is absolutely lovely and the place is immaculately kept. I adore their channa samosa; a crispy samosa heaped with spices chickpeas, fresh tomato and onions and spicy goodness. (and it *is* spicy). Other usual suspects at the table: shrimp vindaloo, palak paneer, bhangan bharta, onion baji, fish pakora and butter chicken (and of course, buttery naan). If, by chance you still have room after all that heavy goodness-- wash it down with a rich mango lassi and you're good to waddle out the door (without having blown your budget!) PS: This place is also bring your own booze.
4	We usually love going to Bombay Mahal, but the queue was quite big last night, like 25 ppl, and we noticed this place only had a queue of 4 ppl, and seemed like a similar deal, so we walked over.It was really good. Really yummy, tasty, Indian food. Regular fare. And it's BYOW too. However, I do think I prefer the taste of the food at Bombay Mahal, even if minutely different. But that said, Bombay Mahal's food always leaves me feeling bloated. So I'd have to say I'm about equal with both place, and will just go wherever the shorter queue is.
3	Chand Palace has yummy affordable food. I've eaten there three times and ordered take out once.On a mid week evening or during the day its totally chill. But it is VERY crowded and noisy on busy weekend evenings. My boyfriend and I were seated at one of the higher and larger three person tables, beside the cash. Because of the seating arrangement and crammed nature of the restaurant our server asked us to sit across from each other. We basically had to yell to hear each other. Not good for a date.The servers were working hard, but interactions with them were rushed. We also had people basically sitting at our table as they waited for take out.The other bonus is its byob. My suggestion is get take out and eat it in Park Jarry or go earlier in the week. After 3 varied experiences we will likely try a different place for our next date night.
5	My wife and I ate here. We ordered curry chicken, butter chicken, rice, and naan. Everything was good but the butter chicken was GREAT! We'd definitely eat here sg fin next time we're in Montreal.
4	I had to get my indian fix yesterday so I decided to hit this small and cool spot in ParcEx. 15$ for all the variety and quantity of food I had. Pretty good deal.I first ordered a mango lassi smoothie, which was excellent and perfect to dose the spicyness of my appetizer and main course. First, veggies samosas. Very good with tamarin sauce. Then I tried the butter chicken thali and the lamb thali. They were both all good and full of flavors. Garlic naan bread was soft and crispy. The waitress was pretty friendly.THX CHAND!
5	I gave Chand Palace a 5-star rating because it is as good as it gets among the many Montreal thali-serving South Asian restaurants that I've eaten at. The staff and service were gracious (while the place was bustling) and no mistakes were made with the varied order from our large group. The food was dangerously tasty (danger from eating too quickly), not too heavy, and spiced the way I like it which is spicier than average. The side dishes were very good: not my favourite versions, but excellent value for South Asian food in Canada, especially considering how generous their servings are. I look forward to trying many more dishes from their menu.
4	I loved the food and the price, the only problem you may have is with parking. The restaurant itself is a bit of a tight fit, but if you're there at a less busy time it's worth it. If you're on a budget - and who isn't at this time of year - then one of the thali plates is a must-have. I got the butter chicken thali which came with a veggie curry, rice, a naan bread, and a few salad vegetables (possibly something else...) and a mango lassi. The lassi was sweet and thick, perfect for cutting the spice, although I didn't have a problem with the heat level. For less than 13$ (including tax and tip) I was stuffed and left with a smile on my face.
