4	Recently had them come out to do a pre summer check on my A/C. Were very polite over the phone and in person. Will use next time :-)
5	Are you looking for a reputable, honest AC company?  Look no further than Hays.  Excellent service, honest technicians and an owner who cares about his customers.   When we realized it was time to replace our unit we got 4 quotes.  Hays quote was competitive and their labor and parts backed up by a warranty.  Chris (the owner) took his time measuring our home and answering our many questions.  Install was quick, painless and on time.  Not only did Chris follow up, but we received a thank you card a few days later.I've recommended Hays to many friends and family without hesitation.  More companies should conduct business like Hays does.
5	If only all contractors could be like Hays...  *sigh*My HVAC system, while I'm sure worked fabulously when it was installed in my home in 1992, had slowly become my little housing nightmare.  Like clockwork, it would crap out on Christmas Day, or July 4.  After spending too much money band-aiding it over a few years, it was time to replace the system.I had Hays provide a quote, along with 2 other contractors.  I ended up selecting Hays, and besides going back to my natural hair color, it's been one of the best decisions of my life.I was given a firm date and time for my install, and sure enough, the crew showed up on time, ready to work.  It was incredibly well orchestrated.  It's not like they arrived in waves, and stood around on the driveway, waiting for direction.  Every person who showed up knew exactly what to do, and set to work doing just that.  It was quite something to watch, actually.8 hours later, I had a brand new HVAC system.  And, they even cleaned the floors.  lolThe owner, Chris, came towards the end of the install, and I thought that was a really nice touch.  How many owners actually bother to check on installs anymore?  I had my pool redone, and never saw anyone above the project manager.  So, it meant a lot.Since the install was completed, I received a few initial follow-up calls from Hays to make sure everything was working fine, and I was happy.  The sales person came a week later to take heating/cooling measurements, to make sure the system was calibrated properly (!).  Better yet, since it's been about a year since the install, the girls in the office actually call me to set up my scheduled service appointments.  I don't remember these things, and if you miss your appointments, it voids your warranty, so I love that the employees stay on top of this for me.The system itself works perfectly (nothing stops a Trane!  lol), and my bills are 25-30% less per month than what I paid with my old, tired system.  I couldn't be happier with the experience with Hays, and I have such peace of mind knowing I can rely on them in the future.
5	We were in need of a regular maintenance on our hvac units. Scheduling was a breeze. They were able to get a technician out to our house as early as we needed. The technician that came was extremely professional and knowledgable. He performed the maintenance for us and had recommendations on how to have a more efficient system. We were extremely happy with the service from all aspects and will refer them to others and use them again in the future.
5	We used Hays for routine maintenance of our AC units. The technicians were on time, professional and knowledgeable. We were very satisfied with their service and will continue to use them in the future!
5	BEST experience ever!!!  Our daughter has been diagnosed as asthmatic and has been suffering from horrible allergies this last year, being hospitalized twice. Hays recommended having 2 air scrubbers installed due to dust, pollen and our cat (3 of the things out of so many that we have now found out she is most allergic to) and it has made such a HUGE difference!  The air quality is SO much better in our home and it smells SO CLEAN!! Thanks Hays!!!
5	This review is long over due, but none the less warranted.  Last summer, SUNDAY July 21st (it was 110 degrees) to be exact, our 30 year old a/c died.  It was our sons 17th birthday and the party had to be cancelled.  We have known the Hays from their participation within our community and called them asap..  They had a technician over (on a Sunday!) within hours to confirm our diagnosis - we needed a new cooling/heating unit.  This tech got on our roof in the middle of a crazy monsoon storm!  Within hours, we heard FROM THE OWNER,  talking with us about what their service tech confirmed.  They were actually out of town when they contacted us! (I'm not so sure I could interrupt my vacation for work - but they did!)  Within 2 days, we had a new cooling/heating system on our roof - even helped us with some awkward 30 year old duct work.  We could not BE HAPPIER!  Thank you Hays!  We really appreciated your over the top service.
5	Just as the Valley began to hit triple digits this year my a/c unit died. After speaking with other local companies I decided to go with Hays Cooling and Heating.  Best decision I ever made!  They were quick to respond and the technicians were knowledgeable, experienced and friendly.  I'm thrilled with my new a/c unit and would highly recommend Hays Cooling and Heating for any of your air-conditioning or heating needs.  Thanks Hays Cooling and Heating!
5	Part 2...Hays Cooling & Heating came out after I booted out the first company I called (search my name for my part 1 review). Mike came out and quickly realized that the ONLY thing that was needed to be changed was the capacitor. THE CAPACITOR, that's it. Oh and he also realized that some wires were fused together (fixed) when the capacitor burned out. I was so impressed with Mike's honesty that I signed up for their maintenance contract for 1yr on the spot. Even Mike said that he joined Hays because they are above board and do not expect the techs to sell but to fix (what a great concept)! Hays, you have a customer for life and with my big mouth, I will be extolling your virtues for many years to come. Thank you for cooling us off!!!
5	Water heater went out, and was referred to use Hays services from neighborhoods FB group page.  Ian was an awesome serviceman, answering questions, being patient with me, and also being very punctual.  Work was done quickly and hot water was restored immediately.  We are very thrilled with the work and customer service your company has provided.  Thank you very much.
5	In less than 30 minutes after-hours on a Sunday night --- with a monsoon storm (haboob) headed our way --- John dispatched Bill directly to our house. A little rain and clouds didn't stop Bill from jumping into action.  Although our issue couldn't be solved that night, Bill personally committed to come back the next day --- and he did!  My wife and two babies THANK YOU Hays for your high integrity, service, and friendly team.  And a BIG THANK YOU to Bill and John for making it all happen!
5	Awesome service on a sunday afternoon! When the landlord couldn't get anyone here until Monday I decided to start making calls even if I had to pay. There is no way we could spend the night without ac! They were here an hour after I called, the ac was fixed, and the price was less than I expected! Definitely recommend
5	Have used several times. Very reliable and trustworthy business!
5	Very professional and quick. I called first thing in the morning and was able to get an appointment that day. Also they were an hour earlier then originally planned but called to make sure it was okay first. Which was awesome when your ac unit is not working in the summer in Phoenix the earlier the better. And our technician was great! Frank was polite and got the job done fast. He was excellent at explaining to me what the problem was and gave me a few options for repairs. He went above and beyond getting our two units working perfectly and the expensive was less then expected. I also found it very useful that he gave me some tips on monthly maintenance I can be doing to keep my units running more efficiently. Being a first time home owner I really appreciated this. I will be using Hays for any of my future ac/heater needs.
5	Our 13 year A/C stopped working last night, or should say the Blower stopped working.  I can do some A/C stuff, so went up on the roof, but couldn't get it working.  Called Hays at 7 AM, they said someone would be there between 9 and 11 AM.  They called back at 7:30 AM and asked if it would be ok if the guy showed up between 8:15-8:30 AM.  Of course I said no problem.   They were there at 8:25 AM, So time estimates where dead on!I explained what was going on, we went up to the roof and they did a quick test to bypass the thermostat.   It worked, so I went back down and set the thermostat to on, it worked again.  They also recommended switch the fan motor for LOW to HIGH.  I inherited this A/C when I bought the house 3 years ago.  What great guys to explain how it was hooked up, I said let's do it. What a big difference that made in the house, really blows now, covers the rooms better (1954 house)!  They checked the freon, cap, etc and said it all tested good.  They also told me, if it happened again most likely it means it's the circuit board, which I believe, he tapped the relay's on it before bypassing the thermostat.  The Circuit board is showing some burnt spots etc.  They did not recommend to replace it at this time, it might last 5 years, it might last 2 days they said.  If the issue occurs again, the board probably needs replaced.They charged me standard $69 service fee, and 1/2 hour of labor.  Sounded right to me!  I cannot stress how great it was to find honest A/C service techs.  Hay's is my new #1 A/C company!
4	I've had a service contract with Hays Cooling & Heating for many years and feel like my old heating/AC unit is in good hands. The techs are polite and professional - I tend to get the same ones repeatedly, which tells me they keep their employees. Every year we have the conversation about replacing my unit, and every year they politely keep it going for another year. But you can bet when the time comes I'll be calling Hays for the replacement.
4	Just the facts:After reading this, also look at the PS that resulted from the owner's attention.  I was out of town and received a call that a heater in a rent house was not working.  Called Hays--first time I used them.  They told me that a service call was $70 plus repairs and that the technician would call to authorize repairs.  When the call did not come I called the tenant.  The technician had come and gone--discovered it was only the gas valve in the off position--turned it on, furnace was working, and left.  Got a call from Hays asking for $160.  According to the technician, the extra $90 was for the "safety check".  I mailed a check so they have no cause for complaint.  This does not square with all the previous glowing reviews.Does this deserve one star?  Yes--they should have been more up front about the charges.PS.  The owner called and admitted a mistake in the charges.  It has to do with what the technician writes down and this technician was new to the company.  A refund is being processed.  Will raise the rating another notch when received.  I will try them again and then Hays may deserve a 5 star rating.PSS: Received a refund of $90.
