5	I recently gave MK Nova a try since they are right by my work. I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the owner cut my hair and she is so sweet! I met another gal that works there also and they are great to talk to. The enviroment is welcoming and relaxing. My hair cut came out great (and im super picky!) They also do basic waxing & color.  I wish it was time for another hair cut so i had a reason to go just sit and chat hehe! But all in all I would definately recommend giving them a try and the prices are good.
5	I recently went back to have another hair cut(decided to try bang :)) She helped me decide what would look best for the part and the side to have them on. I really enjoy coming here because they give you advice, are nice to talk to, and always try to help. Thanks!! :)
5	I visited Arizona for vacation this summer and I came to MK Nova Salon to get a hair cut. I loved the staff that works there, they are very friendly and professional. I received the best hair cut ever. The owner of the salon is very friendly and nice. She brought be a cup of coffee and kept me entertained. When you go to the salon, you will receive the best service and they are very professional.
5	Best prices and best haircuts! I have had two haircuts here and am going back for a third very soon. I get compliments on my haircuts from Marina everywhere I go!
3	Nice lady who gives an okay cut for a decent price.  A great place to go in a pinch for sure.If you are female and have a cut like a Bob--a straight cut in other words--she would do a great job for you I could tell. Or if you are looking for someone to do your bangs try her for sure.  My guess is she is probably good with men's hair, too.Warning:  Don't expect this gal to layer your hair right. And she has a tendency to get scissor-happy as I ended up losing about 3" off the back of my hair, which means I have to grow it out again.  Not happy about that for sure.
5	Love this place, great price and haircuts done. Always come here to get my hair done.
1	Went for a kids haircut, sign says 11.00 dollars, the non smiling, unfriendly lady that cut my grandsons hair say 14.00 after all was done and said, I told her the signs say 11.00 dollars, she says that's the sign for outside, inside say 14.00 wth???? I told her that's false advertising!!! She was not a very pleasant person , my grandson tells me after shes done that the clippers really hurt him....never will we go there again!!!!
5	I have never gone to the same person twice before this place. I have been going for a year and love the girls that cute my hair. they are Amazing. They can make my hair cut like the picture with the shape and layering so when I do style it is looks great.Thank you so much for the amazing hair cuts! I love this place!
5	This is my favorite place to get my haircut.  They do a great job, their prices are great and have very friendly staff.  Always satisfied with the results and never have to go home to touch up anything afterwards.
