4	I had the most intense and invigorating workout of my entire life here. It only lasted slightly over 7 minutes. I have only had one day at the gym so far, but was so impressed by what I saw, encountered, and learned that I needed to tell my story. Saturday I headed there to make use of the personal training that was available to me for the weight loss competition Gangplank is putting on. I have my own gym, and I love going there for the dance classes, but I figured a personal trainer couldn't hurt. I'd had one before at a previous gym and it was great. I arrived not really knowing what to expect other than I was going to have a person assessment done that would then be used as a periodic benchmark to measure my progress. Competitive Fitness is a small gym with a big personality. They strive to help people maintain a healthy lifestyle, not to make people lose a million pounds. There are only two types of machines available - the treadmill which is used for warming up and the rowing machines. Most of the exercises done are based on movements the body does naturally.I was greeted almost immediately upon entering and was brought to a treadmill to warm up while one of the trainers, Sally, went over what I would be doing that day and how the gym works. About halfway into it, I met with Jason, who was going to be going through my assessment with me. I think I gained more knowledge about fitness during this visit than I ever had in my entire life. I also learned I did not know how to use a rowing machine and I am way more coordinated when I'm dancing. Then it was time to do my assessment. It was so intense that I was a little light headed and needed a million gallons of water when I was done. Later that day I felt it in my legs (and still do today). It was also only 7 minutes. It felt like forever and throughout the entire thing, everyone else in the gym that was working out or hanging around was cheering me on. It was so incredible. I've never felt that level of community and enthusiasm in a gym and it really does help. Tomorrow I will start my regular training. Each day there is a set routine or list of exercises everyone that stops in performs. A trainer is there to walk through the proper way to do the exercises and to help along the way. They are also timing you. At the end your time is posted on the board. This not only helps track progress but creates that competitive environment that really does help regardless of what people say. It's a great way to think about training and fitness and I'm looking forward to the next few weeks here. Depending on how this goes, I am looking to switch from my current gym to this one when my membership runs out. If I could pay for two at one time, I might consider doing it sooner.
5	Let me just say, this gym is not your typical gym.  First you have to work.  There is no slacking. Prescribed workouts let you know what you will be doing for the day and take no more than 30 minutes.  But that is the most painful 30 minutes of your life.  Everyone gets a personal trainer, yes everyone.  And they make that work out easier.  Between motivation, form correction and their great attitudes, you go in thinking "I can't do that" and leave wondering "How did I just do that".Give these guys a chance and they will change your attitude and motivation.
5	I'm fat.   Let me change that, I'm less fat now than when I started at Competitive Fitness a week ago.  Fat isn't just a size but a mindset.  I played sports in college, was in decent shape at one point in my life, but I've always been fat. Since meeting Jason and the team over at Competitive Fitness I really feel a difference in the way I look at things.  If you want a gym where you can go in, and laze on the treadmill for a half hour at a brisk walk, do some bench presses, flex in front of the mirror and go home, you're at the wrong place.  From the moment Jason said "Go" on my baseline test to the time I left this morning after my workout, I have felt 100% certain that I was going to be able to complete my workout and that I was going to work harder than I ever have before.  The training staff is awesome, encouraging, challenging, and intelligent.  After I tweaked a tendon in my elbow and forearm, they were able to modify my workout to allow for me to continue and still gain benefit towards my goals.  If you want to learn more about how your body works, how to get better at everything you want to do in life, and how to eat better.   This is the place to go.  You aren't going to train to be a better weight lifter or runner or whatever else - you're going to train to be a better person.Added bonus: childcare on site for free with your membership - and they have children's classes too!
5	I've been a member at another local gym that also has "Fitness" in their name, and they are nothing like Competitive Fitness! I have never been to a gym that really challenged me like this one does. The trainers actually care about your progress and work with you to modify daily workouts to fit your abilities. So, you never have to feel like you can't do something. In fact, they'll help you have the confidence that you can. The gym has a WOD or "Workout of the Day" which everyone participates in. There is always a trainer around to help answer any questions and motivate you. Members are very friendly and supportive of each other. I would recommend this gym for everyone!
