1	Facility OK.  Shipping is horrible.  Bring on the Brown.  While the place is OK for copies and such,  Fedex shipping is worse than the post office.  Slow and often laden with problems.  UPS from now own
3	Obviously the greatest part of this place are the hours and availability if you are in a pinch and live uptown and need to get something shipped out.  They even have greeting cards if you need a quick birthday card shipped out.  The interior is nice and clean and supplies are neatly and well kept.  The staff couldn't be nicer, maybe just a tad too nice.  You know like a waiter that swings by every 5 seconds to see how the meal is.  I'll take that issue any day of the week though.
1	I had an absolutely horrible experience today at this location.  I brought in 2 reams of multicolored neon documents that I had already printed and needed to be cut into 6 panels.  I dropped off the documents around noon and was promised the cuts to be completed by 4:30.  I arrived at 4:30 to find that 30% of the panels I needed cut out were ruined.  Completely cut through the printed area because the employee had mistakenly turned the first few sheets around the wrong direction so the rest of the ream was cut beyond correction.They offered to reprint and use their own paper and claimed it was the same multi-color neon that I had purchased at office max for $30.  It turned out all of the colors were different and their prints all came out different sizes and were cropped horrible.  When I explained to the manager that the paper color was different from what I had purchased and the cuts were terrible, she blamed my printer for being inconsistent.Guess what, all of the prints they made and cut were equally, if not worse than the ones I printed.  Bottom line is poor excuses for terrible work.The woman who did the original cuts and made the mistake when home in the middle of the debacle and turned over the corrections to a nice young worker who was 'in training' according to his badge.He spent the next 2.5 hours while I waited trying to reprint and recut the pages to correct the mistake but unfortunately he was not able to get the size and cuts consistent.  I ended up asking him to just print full pages and I had to buy a paper cutter and manually cut all of them so in addition to wasting about 3 hours in their store, I now had to spend another 50 dollar and spend the evening cutting them manually.Management refused to give me the badly cut and ruin documents free of charge and instead charged me 50% of the original price.  Shame on me for even accepting this as the service from the manager was horrible and the quality of product I received was even worse.  The ONLY redeeming part of my terrible experience was the gentleman who tried to fix the botched job.  He was patient and really cared to try and fix the pathetic job by the other employee.  He reprinted and recut and reprinted and recut, but unfortunately I just don't think he had the necessary training to really handle the job, which is obviously another reflection on management as he was basically doing most of work alone there this evening.   I hope one day this guy get promoted to management and actually cares about making customers happy.  As for the others...i think its time to find another career that is not in service oriented company.Go here if you don't care about quality products where employees care about delivering the products they offer instead of just giving up and going home.Thanks for nothing!
5	Best customer service ever! They helped me get a rush order in and when I messed up the paperweight for printing they fixed it for me! Thank you guys!!!! :)
