4	As far as Petsmarts go, this is a pretty good one.  They have a very large selection and three times I have been helped by people to make a purchase decision.  We recently took in a cat and got him set up with a litter box.  When we went to buy it, there was another shopper in that area who owns some ridiculous amount of cats (around 12 or something) and she helped us find a litter that was more natural and easier on the cat if he happens to ingest any of it, good for odor control, and flushable so there is no mess to clean up.  Another time we went to buy him some more permanent food since the first bag was bought on an impromptu basis when we first took him in.  There was a rep for one of the lines of cat food and she explained some of the better brands and really taught us some good information and helped us get food that would best suit our new cat.Finally, we went to pick out a cat brush and had no idea which of the 8+ different kinds would be best.  We narrowed it down to 3 and asked a staff person and they showed us the best one  - which was the same one they use there in the grooming center.The HUGE downside of this place is that it is fairly busy and they never have enough cashiers working - sometimes it's only one and two if you're lucky.  It's a good and helpful place to pick out some goods for your furry friends.
5	My two dogs loves Alejandra (groomer) at this store.  They are pretty picky with who touches and pets them.  When we drop them off, she takes good care of them.  They always come back happy, nicely groomed, smelling good, and CLEAN!  We have been with her for over 2 years now.  The store is always clean and the retail staff is always available to answer questions.  The prices are cheaper than Petco.
5	We just rescued a dog, she was abused by other dogs, and scared.  She is only 1-1/2 years and 73lbs but the sweetest dog.  Today was she first time getting groomed, so we told Alejandra she might be scared.  At first she did not want to go even with our other dog going with her, but after she saw that we left from the groom area she hustled and went with Alejandra.  Alejandra said she did just great but I am sure Alejandra's extra love and attention helped.  Now, I can say our 3 dogs just love her!!  If you need a groomer, Alejandra is AWESOME!It was very nice that I found all the new things for our new dog.  Pink pawed collar with a match leash and other goodies.  This store always has the friendliest employees.  The cashier was great too.  She tried to give our new one a treat, but she was too interested with the store.
5	I use PetSmart mostly for the grooming services.  I have three large dogs and get them all groomed here.  Our groomer is Alejandra, and they don"t come any better than this.  Our dogs love her and are always happy to see her and look great when they get done with their service.  Our male Akita Magnum is a real pack dog and does not like outsiders very much, but has no problem going to see Alejandra.  One time Magnum moved when Alejandra was clipping his nails, and cut it a little short by accident.  There was some blood and understandable pain.  The Vet came right out from the onsite clinic to take a look.  He put a save on to stop the bleeding        and an antibiotic cream.  Told us that that should take care of it, but if we see any problems, bring him back right away and he will take care of any problems at no charge.  All in all a great grooming service at a fair price.  Make sure you ask for Alejandra!
1	I used Petsmart for the grooming services. I took my dog in there to get his claws cut. the lady from rude from the beginning. She asked if, for $2 more, if I wanted to get his claws sanded down also, for smoothness. I said yes and then left my little guy in there to get groomed. All she did was barely sand the tips down. Didn't cut anything off! So I paid $13 for my dog to basically have nothing done.
4	As far as Pet Smart go, this is a pretty good one
5	I typically take my dog to another groomer but was having trouble with scheduling. Ended up bringing our dog here and she looked great at a much lower cost and with better hours for scheduling.  I was very pleased with everything including price, quality, hours, and customer service.
1	I took my golden retriever there last year for his first groom, he was 2 years old and we had adopted him about 8 months previous.  I explained that he had not been groomed before and did not like being brushed and that he had not been crated before.  They suggested we pay for an express groom because then they were not crated and they worked only on them until they were done.  We did that.  When we picked him up he looked good however the groomer that worked on him suggested that we not do the express groom next time because he just got so excited that he wore himself out.  I just went in today to schedule him for his 2nd groom, the groomer who worked on him previously is the one who was scheduling him.  She went to the manager ( I assume) to ask if we should do the express groom or not the manager came up and basically refused to take him.  She said that they would take him but if he was of danger to her or himself they would have to stop.  I told her that there is no way he would bite he is an extremely sweet dog.  The groomer who worked on him before added that there is no way he would bite he was just upset and had a lot of energy.  So the manager said if he was afraid of the dryer or wriggled too much she would have to stop and send him home (this would only be his 2nd groom, I would be afraid of the dryer if it had never been used on me before) So I said are you saying we should take him somewhere else?  and she said yes, maybe to a vet so they can monitor him????????? Then I said I guess I should take him to petco and she said yes.I guess petsmart only takes dogs who doesn't move at all when they are gooming them.  sorry, my dog has some life to him.
4	I have yet to get Bandit excited about going to the groomers. He's still a work in progress. ;-) Regarding the service, no complaints there. Every time we take him in he comes out looking handsome. We like the Teddy Bear cut, so he gets it every time. I love that they keep his history on file. I can have my dad or daughters drop him off while I'm at work. The only downside is Bandit is starving when I pick him up. I wish PetSmart gave the dogs a little snack while they're visiting. Outside of that, service is wonderful and I have a happy fur son (kind of).
1	Not at all happy with them. I called to set up an appointment to have my blind rescue dog groomed that I just rescued out of the county shelter and advised them that I literally just picked up and would like to get her groomed and told them specifically that she was just vaccinated (rabies). Her bordatella and 5-1 were done on intake 6/28/14. Oh sure no problem, bring her in at 2pm. I get down there and they won't take her, said their policy is 36 hours after their vaccinations. So I wasted my time going all the way over there to be turned away! They will never get my business and I will be sure to put my dissatisfaction on my rescue facebook page and my personal page! Lore Anne Brown
4	My Favorite PetsmartThis is absolutely the best Petsmart I have ever visited . I  would be willing to go out of my way to go to this location because the service is so much better than the other Petsmart stores in the area. However,  I am fortunate that this Petsmart Location is close to my home.Clean stores,  knowledgeable staff, and employees  who are willing to answer your questions and help you out in any way they can, it doesn't get much better than that.
1	1 star is being to generous! My dog just left the groomers and I am pissed! Her nails arent trimmed or filed! They said she wouldnt let them but I say bullshit she is 3 years  old and she has had plenty of haircuts and never have I heard this. I will never bring here or to PETSMART for grooming again
