3	I'd be lying if I said I didn't see some great shows here and enjoy every minute of them, but does it have to be so expensive?I mean, the tickets themselves are going to be expensive by the vitrue of the acts that play here, but what I refer to are the non-band expenses. Beers, hot dogs, and sodas are outrageous, but they have something of monopoly on goods and services once you go inside so there isn't much that you can do about it. For anyone interested, my first concert was here in '94, when Alicia Silverstone was hot and Aerosmith was still churning out hit singles. It was pretty sweet and is the primary reason it gets three rather than two stars.
3	for some reason, every show i've ever seen here was in the dead of summer... i haven't been to a show here (because somewhere around the age of 20 I said nu-uh, no way, too effing hot to do this anymore) in about six years.plus, i'm just not into going to such larger than life concerts to see a band i'm into. unless you can spring the $100 for front row seats (they have open lawn and covered, ticketed seats) you inevitably end up straining to get a peak at either a tiny dot bathed in red light, or watch the giant screen...and watching a television screen at a live show really, really negates the whole idea of a live show, now doesn't it?i've seen many a great act here including from beastie boys to NOFX, but i literally cannot think of a single band that would bring me back here today.
4	I've gone to Cricket for 3 concerts now, and all 3 were at night in early fall.  Yeah the drinks are expensive, but that is what tailgating is for.  Concrete in the pit seems to deter some crowd surfers, but not all (not a big fan of getting kicked in the back of the head).  And the schmucks who do crowd surf more often than not get a painful landing when things don't go as they planned, and laughing at morons is 1 star in and of itself.
5	Cricket Pavilion to me is by far the best music venue in town.
1	I've lived in the midwest so I know what a great concert venue is supposed to be like, and its not Cricket.  If its 110 degrees outside (which it almost always is, if not hotter in the summer months) its 125 degrees in and around Cricket.  The acoustics are horrible, you cant hear anything anyone says if youre out on the lawn.  Parking and leaving is a total disater, I've had to wait in that parking lot for over an hour to get out.  And if all that wasnt bad enough, you'll go broke buying drinks.  If you want to be sweated on by a total stranger, you'll love Cricket Pavillion.
2	Can't stand Cricket. It's overpriced, overcrowded, and overheated. For some reason the good shows only travel through here during the unbearable summer months, which means if you can only afford a lawn ticket you're totally screwed.
4	Personally, I love Cricket.It's close to my house, and all the amazingly great shows go there.It's very roomy, and sure it's crowded, but wtf do you go to a concert for?To have no one there?! I love the way it is designed, the concrete pit right next to the stage, the seats, then the lawn.  The music system in not that bad there at all, I have no clue what you people are talking about. I've been to over 15 shows there, and I've never had a problem with there sound.Yes, it's hot in the summer, but you forgot to mention that they spray the people in the lawn with water. (Oh and the lawn is accessible to anyone. If your in the seats or the pit, just walk up to the lawn for a few) Or you could just go to the bathrooms and wet your shirt and hair.  It is one of my favorite places to go see an amazing concert.The only reason I give it four stars is because it is extremely pricey.And I hate the fact that they charge you for parking, even if you don't park there.I was 13 buying tickets at the box office, and I asked what the fees were, and when I heard the parking fee I blew up at the lady, through my ID at her and told her to take that fee of or give me a discount, because I was 3 years from even being able to drive. It's a bunch of bs.Otherwise, Cricket is in my top 3 favorite places to go for a concert in Arizona, I love love love it to death, and I would recommend anyone to go there at least once. If you enjoy a good rock concert, this IS the place to go.
3	A friend and I went to Cricket last night to see Nine Inch Nails and Jane's Addiction (Street Sweepers Social Club opened). The weather was perfect, the air smelled a mix of sweat and, well, what concerts usually smell like, and the bands each put on an excellent show.  We didn't have any issue parking (there is a ton of parking) or getting in to the Pavilion itself.  There are separate pat down lines for men and women so don't be surprised if you have to split from your fellow concertgoer(s) for a few minutes.   The sound at Cricket is very good.  I've been to only a few concerts in the Valley at Dodge, Jobing, US Airways, and Cricket and I think that Cricket has the best sound of them all.  They also have big video screens on either side of the stage, but for some reason they didn't start the video until about an hour in to the NIN set.  We had pretty good seats, so it wasn't too crowded by us, but when I looked back into the lawn when the lights flashed, it was absolutely packed!  Between acts, we got a few beers.  As expected, beers were a bit pricey at $9.50 for a 16 oz Miller.  We probably waited 25 minutes to get out of the parking lot.  Not bad compared to some places, but nowhere near as good as the typical 5 minute wait at Jobing.  Most annoying was the guy who was supposed to direct traffic, but was just screwing around the entire time.  The last time I went to Cricket, I recall getting out pretty quickly so I'm hoping this was a one time deal.  I paid about three separate fees on top of my ticket, and it essentially doubled the price of my ticket.  I'm not sure if that's Cricket's doing or the ticket broker's.  I've got to admit, it's a bit weird going to a Pavilion in the middle of a big city.  I've been to a few in other states, and they are always out in the middle of nowhere, which provides for a cooler experience.  Oh well, Cricket is still a good time and last night revitalized the concert goer in me.
4	For those of you from the SF Bay Area, this venue is just like Shoreline Amphitheater in Mountain View. There are three sections of seating , and then lawn behind that. They have giant screens so you can see the performers from the lawn. Parking is free. I will definitely go to shows there again.
3	Been here several times and it's a typical outdoor amphitheatre.  The sound is good, it can get hot obviously but manageable, and the parking is a little challenging.  It's to be expected given it holds probably 17 - 18K.  This time we purchased VIP parking and Bar passes. Well worth it.  The VIP bar isn't the greatest thing but still worht the money.  They have a somewhat full bar with decent liquor, not great.  Service is pretty good and the customers were fun.  We struck up several conversations with other fans.  They have misters in the VIP bar and it wasn't too packed.  Will pay the extra for this because that way I can avoid only marginal beer at rip off prices at the outside concession stands.  Pay a little more for better beers and mixed drinks.
1	What a shit heap.The sound is awful, the food is awful, and anything edible or potable is grossly overpriced even by venue standards.Despite the fact they have two huge projection screens, you'll be lucky if they have one of them working, much less both.And the tickets... Dear lord, the tickets. If you've going to pack us like sardines into a 100+ degree venue, without even the courtesy of breathing room, lay off the ridiculous prices and magical fees.There are about a million possible venues in Arizona at which I'd rather see a show than Cricket, and that includes a damp cardboard box on the corner of Van Buren.
4	Saw Kings of Leon and Built to Spill here last night, and it was my first time coming to this venue, which happened to be 5 min away from my house and I didn't even know it. I'm from the bay area, so this outdoor amphitheater was almost identical to Shoreline Amphitheater back home in Mountain View. There are about three levels of seating with a lawn in the very back end (General Admission) and standing room in the front near the stage. I didn't take into consideration the temperature difference back home and here, so standing in 100 degree weather for a concert isn't quite the same as the bay area when it's in the 70's. However the bands were amazing and the sound was great. Drinks and food are a bit pricey (beers run for about $10 a pint and specialty cocktails were about $15 but did come with a souvenir guitar cup which was cool). We got radio promo tickets for only $10 so it was well worth it, also because we moved from our $10 seats down to a lower level before the show started so we got an even better view =)Oh, parking was free, which I didn't know so that was a very pleasant surprise! I don't know any large venue that offers free parking to concert goers. You can upgrade to VIP parking for $20 but it's a madhouse getting out, so I'm not sure you'd get herded out any faster. I would definitely opt for an indoor venue with AC in this area, but for $10 and three awesome bands, free parking and all that, it was worth it to come here! I'm sure I would feel differently if I had to pay full price and tried to get the food/beer here.
3	Ok, so Cricket Pavilion, is what it is.  I've been there a few times through out it's time and have seen some great concerts there, but man, does this place need a make over.   Let's start with the outside, I felt like I was pulling in to an abandoned Drive In Theatre about to make out with my girlfriend in the back seat.  The walk to the gate was full of 3 feet weeds and there was zero landscaping. A small group was, "tailgating" on a mound full of weeds and rocks, I thought, wow, they are desperate.  The concession stands haven't changed in about 10 years and the pre-concert activity was non existent.  The concert was still great and I still had a blast so I can't say it was all bad, it's just time to make it a little bit nicer.
3	We went here today for the H2O tour with Brad Paisley and bought lawn seats. Unlike Shoreline in Mountain View, this lawn area doesn't have enough speakers or any big screens to watch the show. You could barely hear anything if you were on the lawn. The bathrooms are absolutely disgusting and the food is overpriced and gross. You can rent lawn chairs for $7 but I'd recommend bringing a blanket to sit on. Beer is super expensive at $10 and over so I'd recommend enjoying yourself in the parking lot before the show. Parking was free which was nice. We left a little early to make sure we didn't hit mad traffic coming out. I'd suppose if you left with everyone you would be sitting for a while. In the long run, this place worked for what we were there for, so I'd probably go back to see a show here in the future.
1	Just saw Jack Johnson.  Great performance!   Paid $5 for a flat coke(in a plastic bottle) and then was not allowed to leave with it after the concert - really don't know why I still had it with me, but really?OK venue - OK sound - staff sucks.  Not the smartest bunch of folks - Guess they don't care who they hire.
4	Went to Cricket Pavilion to see Jack Johnson- 10/10/2010..Great show- fair venue. It was WAY COOL that on this show- staff came around and handed out green recycle bags for your cans and bottles! Only Jack!! More artiest should take note!! Had some drinks in the parking lot before the show- a few tailgaters were around us, pretty nice crowd overall with no hassles.There is no way that they should have any shows there between June to August! Thank God the weather broke and it cooled down.. you get that many people together dancing around and it generates some heat!Typical venue prices.. HIGH! $10 - $14 mixed drinks.. $8 - $14 beers..They had Pabst Blue Ribbon Tall Boys for $11!!! HA! you can score a case of PBR for $11!!NUTSHELL- Great show, good weather, good crowd..Free parking is awesome!!If I had to see a Rock'n Metal Fest in the middle of summer there- I Wouldn't!!
3	We went to see Jack Johnson last week...and it was fabulous.  The parking at Cricket Pavilion was easy and close.  Lot's of signs so you could remember where you parked.The food was a bit ridiculous...so don't go hungry or bring lots of money!  The nachos were 17 bucks for the cheap chips and orange fake cheese quite hilarious...The place was a bit understaffed there were 4 people manning the t-shirt stand and the wait to buy a shirt was about 45 minutes!Here's the fun part...I know i shouldn't be surprised because it was Jack Johnson...but this place was stoner city!  There was so much weed being smoked that we had to break out of the crowd and go to the back just to get some fresh air!  The good part is that the crowd was so mellow no one was rude, loud or pushy.  The beer was so expensive not many people got very drunk.We busted out early because we were worried about encountering all of the stoned drivers...if the police just hung out outside they could have raised a few hundred thousand bucks busting the crowd!So if you want to go to a public place that you are free to smoke a fatty freely this is the place!
3	I wish they half stars so I could give this 2.5 stars and meet them in the middle.I like Cricket Pavilion for their shows when I get seats under the big awning.  However, I'm not a fan of general seating in the grass section.  I guess that's a personal choice.The sound here is awesome if you're in the right spot, but if you get thirsty, get ready to spend a pretty penny.  the location way out on the west side is not my favorite since I live in the easy valley.  Probably why I dont go to too many concerts anymore.The best time to see a show here is NOT between May - Sept when it's a billion degrees out.  Unfortunately, most major bands tour during the summer time.. boo.
3	I have been here twice! Once in real life, and another time which was in a dream I had. It was 'The Family Values Tour' with Korn!! it was Summer so it was dreadful hot, and we were out on the lawn which doesn't have very much shade.  We're not allowed to bring in drinks, or cameras or anything basically. I think there should have been more security because I saw some kids who were probably slightly older than me at the time, lighting stuff on fire! Luckily, some adults grabbed the lighters out of their hands and put the fire out. Also, in the Summer at CP you may find some really weird people wearing, (or NOT) wearing weird clothes/things. For example, this lady who had no shirt or bra on, just these to itty bitty tape things covering her nipples, and so if you bring kids to a show around this season, you may want to be on the look out for people like that. And the pits are awfully crazy! For a big lawn, it was tight and squishy. I was surrounded by drunk men and saw a girl punch a dude in the face. haha! Overall, it was an "A-OK" experience, mostly because it was Summer, and I was steaming.
