5	I read about the Heard Museum in the travel books, and was fortunate enough to be in the area. This museum is very small, and you can easily go through the museum in 10 minutes. However, I took my time to view the beauty in all of the artwork. There is a Heard Museum in central Phoenix, I would assume it is a lot larger! Regardless, I had an awesome time looking at American Indian artwork.Admission is the following:- Adults: $5- Seniors (55+): $4- Students with ID: $2- Under 6, American Indian, Heard Museum members: FreeI was so fortunate to have my student ID with me, even though I just graduated from college. Viewing the artwork gives you a good insight to the American Indian culture and values. I loved looking at the jewelry, the special exhibit of rugs, clothing, katsina dolls, pottery, and sculptures.  Each display gives a small description of the artwork and the artist. You can take pictures in the museum without using any flash photography.In addition, there is an outside garden where you can view some colorful benches and more artwork. The garden was peaceful to walk though. It was fun to see the different cacti grown in the garden.The shop has a lot of neat souvenirs! I would definitely recommend taking stroll. A cafe is available if you need a bite to eat. Unfortunately, it was closed when I went on 1/28/08.The museum is out in the boonies in Scottsdale, but it was a peaceful to not have the noise and the traffic congestion.Museum hours:Monday- Saturday: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday: 12pm to 5 p.m. Please visit the website for more info: http://www.heard.org/
2	It was ok, took us longer to get there than to walk around the whole museum. Pro was that it only cost us $2/pp with student IDs to go inside so it wasn't a waste of money or anything. The place is pretty empty for the most part, and really small, so hopefully the main location in phoenix is better than this. It was located in a strip mall which was a little awkward, but it gave us something to do over the weekend instead of sitting inside all day. The current exhibit we saw was about native americans and california dreams. There's a sculpture garden outside, which has about 3 sculptures. I think if you happen to be going to Safeway and see it, it's worth stopping by. But I wouldn't say it's a must see if you happen to be in Scottsdale, because it is waaay north and I already live in north scottsdale right now
2	Very small. Only took five minutes to tour. nice bathrooms. $5 admission
5	Absolutely fantastic. The cafe has some of the best food in Scottsdale. Not to mention the service. Endless pitchers of Arnold Palmers, and very friendly and accommodating servers. Highly recommend the posole!
3	This museum has some interesting art though didn't have a major exhibition at the time. It is very small though the admission fee is also small.  I find myself wondering why it exists as a free standing museum. I assume there is a good reason. I found the gift shop almost as interesting as this museum and it is almost as large. Every museum has some merit but this offers less than most because of its size.  This is related  to the main museum in name only.  It doesn't give you a good idea of what the real museum offers.
