4	This branch of Starbucks is located right next to Haymarket Train Station and even though it has an excellent location, it's never ridiculously busy like some other branches. Whenever I've been in, it's always been nice and calm and the relaxed atmosphere makes it slightly different from some other, more hectic Starbucks where you'll find everyone and their gran sipping on a latte.Their summer lemon fraps are amazing and are definitely the flavour of the week for me just now, especially when they're accompanied by a lemon and poppy seed muffin. Yum.
4	Located next to Haymarket train station, this Starbucks is a great place to grab a coffee and muffin when you're running late and have a long journey ahead. The staff are fast and friendly and for a train station cafe, it's usually pretty quiet and relaxed. The fact the produce is the same as the other 15,000+ locations around the world means you know exactly what you're getting too. In my case, that's a large americano to go with a blueberry muffin please!
3	Great for a quick cup...Really easy to get to...After a journey
3	A great Starbucks to grab a quick drink in after/before a journey as it's located right outside Haymarket station, but nonetheless a Starbucks, so don't expect the best coffee on this planet. Nice staff, nice big windows for people watching if you're nosy like me, and the same range of cold/hot beverages, cakes and sandwiches that every other Starbucks has to offer.
4	This location has really picked up its game! A lot cleaner and friendlier than the last few times I have been here.
3	Oops Its seems I had reviewed this one wrong thinking it was the one down the street! haha O I go to Starbucks too often to remember which one is which. THIS starbucks is small and perfect to grab a latte and GO! Not much in places to sit, but hey if you have 15 min to kill its better then standing inside the train station. The baristas are always friendly here and busy! But I can't complain having a starbucks right there as I go in our come out of the train station is wonderful!
3	Hopefully a quick review for once!It's a small Starbucks, but right outside of Haymarket station so convenient all the same.  I haven't noticed a difference between here and other Starbucks in all honesty, other than it being a bit smaller than I'm used to, so it is what it is... if you're looking for a convenient Starbucks for the station then this one will certainly do.One plus point is that every now and again at a Starbucks I get a watery frappucino... you know, the kind that just isn't icy enough... I hate it when that happens!  I can't say I've really had that happen here though.It looks like they are readying a cut pseudo outside sitting area... when that's done it might even make 4 stars... it's not that it's bad as it is, it's just more like a really big stand versus sit in Starbucks at the moment.
