2	Our friends wanted to try Diamond's, we wanted to eat Mexican. Wish we'd been pushier! Diamond's was just plain bad. The restaurant was dirty. The carpets, the bathrooms-- yuck. We waited 10 minutes at the table for water and menus. The food was ok, but the service and cleanliness were such that I would not eat here again.
2	This restaurant does indeed have a problem with general cleanliness.  However, the food was really good and so I'd probably still go back.  My friend and I spent about $10 each for one of the family dinners...and let me tell you, it was an enormous amount of food!  It even included a whole lobster, which was really tasty.  You will see most of the seafood chillin in the tanks when you first walk in, so you know it's at least freshly killed.However, like the other reviewers I can't give this more than 2 stars since the place is so filthy.  In all seriousness, the service was friendly but I had to keep kicking a cockroach away with my foot during dinner.Honestly, these guys could dominate the local market for traditional chinese dining if they'd just clean up a little and spend more than five dollars on the interior decor.  All the handwritten signs all over the walls advertising prices on fresh "geo ducks" and shrimp, along with the harsh fluorescent lighting, are just over-the-top carelessness.
1	Thank God we live in America. I can't imagine that this could be the standard in another country.I have been to next-door Los Compadres hundreds of times, but never ventured into Diamonds. It's a weird Chinese looking building, but as many times as I've driven by, I'd never gone in. Until recently.My brother and I resolved to finally check it out. We parked in back and made our way toward the front door. There was water streaming across the driveway into the gutter, and white bits of something were strewn throughout. I didn't think much of it at the time.When we opened the door, we were instantly greeted with the sight, sound and smell of 5 huge aquariums, all holding seafood that presumably was going to be eaten soon. I got the distinct impression that the floor hadn't been swept in three or four months.After we made our order and sat waiting for our take out, I noticed a large brown spot on the front of the counter. Hmmm... And then it moved. Oh my god. This is the largest cockroach i have ever seen in my life. It must have been five inches long. I was mortified such that I could not find my voice. And then a second one appeared, and then a third. OMG. I finally got the manager's attention and pointed to it. She quickly moved to the front of the counter, and cupping her hand, caught it, and then scurried back to the kitchen with it.I was going to be sick. I ran toward the bathroom, and found myself splashing through a big puddle all the way to the toilet. UGH. The toilet was already full from someone before me. So I flushed. And then came the most wrong sound you've ever heard come from a water pipe as and what was in the toilet started rising to the top. I fled and grabbed my brother by the arm.As I squished my way back along the walkway toward the driveway, I realized what was streaming across the parking lot and into the gutter. It was raw sewage littered with bits of wet toilet paper.Someone needs to shut this place down.
1	Yes, the food at this place is okay, with killer prices, however, if you are okay with the filth and rancor of this place, even for takeout, then you must like to drink the water in Mexico, and pick up gum off the ground to chew on.I watched the owner scoop a fish out of the tank, then chase it around on the floor when it jumped out of the bussing tray. Needless to say, noone cleaned up the fish scales, or mopped, or anything so pedestrian-gotta keep it authentic, right?And the food, while good, is not great. One time our duck in brown sauce and spicy chicken ended up as damn near the same dish-both had the same veggies, and the same gloopy brown sauce. The only difference was the poultry, and I know my food well enough to know the dishes should have been very different. Due to the awesome cheapnes of the place, I didn't mind throwing out most of the meals.Other meals with friends have been decent, but not a good as Gourmet House of Hong Kong-which has its own brand of dive, but at least there I never had to fight a cockroach for my meal...Based on my experiences, and the wonderful bridge of connection that is Yelp, I will not be dragging myself back to this place anytime soon. I always see a lot of asian families here, and they seem to enjoy it very much, which is usually indicative of a great spot. Not this time, I pass. They can have my share of the roach w/ vermicelli...
4	If you're looking for traditional southern Chinese food, go no further. Make sure that you get the "Chinese menu" it has Chinese, English & Vietnamese and is printed on pink paper. If you get the other one, ask for the pink one, unless you want lemon chicken and Mongolian beef. All the dishes are very reasonable and authentic. Great comfort food, and great prices. If you go with a group, go ahead and grab one of the set menus - a good selection at a great price. My favorites: Chinese Crispy Roasted Pork, Bittermellon w/ Beef, Subgum anything, especially the chow fun, Roasted Duck, and a nice selection of fresh sea foods. you can't get anything fresher than after ordering, the chef goes and "catches' your meal out of the several tanks housing, lobsters, crabs, prawns, tilapia. This is not for the faint at heart, service is near the bottom of their priorities as is the decor and bathroom maintenance, but the food is perfect. If you have any doubts about the authenticity of this place - go on a Sunday night around 7pm and try to get a table. It's packed with families having their weekly get together.
5	If you've spent time in China before, GO!  This is the real deal and not for the "Orange Chicken/Panda Express" crowd.  It doesn't get any more authentic than this place and you can easily forget you're in the US upon walking inside.  I can see where it would be a turn off if you're seeking Mongolian Beef and an Egg Roll.  But if you know what real Chinese food is and enjoy that, you will be in heaven here.  Definitely ask for the Chinese menu.  That's where all the good stuff is.  This is probably my favorite Chinese restaurant around.
3	What a strange experience this was.  I've been driving past this place for years and never stopped to try it despite the fact that the parking lot is PACKED in the evenings.  Today I thought I'd give it a  try.  Much has already been said about the appearance of this place and I'd have to agree.  It's in need of a good cleaning...WITH A HIGH POWERED PRESSURE WASHER...but the food was excellent and the prices were great.  I will go back.
4	The first time I visited Diamond was thirty years ago. I been eating here from time to time for past thirty years.They have two menu; one is Americanized version of Chinese food. IE. Sweet and sour pork, ...orange beef.... Mongolian beef...etcThe other menu;  ( a sheet of pink paper with Chinese writing). Food in this menu is intended for Ethnic Chinese or Ethnic Asian. They offer the most authentic Southern Chinese food in town. Hefty portion very Delicious  and super low price. Food on this menu ... absolutely 5 star.Decor is mediocre at best. but acceptable.Cleanliness . Among the worst. However, If Diamond was to compare only with other Chinese restaurants. Then its not so bad. This place have potential to be TOP authentic Chinese restaurant  if they are willing to spend more that a nickle for decors and do some clean up.
3	I love the run down family ran hole in the walls; they usually make some of the best food around, while Diamond's isn't the best around, its certainly solid authentic style Chinese cooking. Look around, you'll probably be the only non-ethnic diner in the place which is a very good sign. On our visit the place was busy with Chinese and Asian customers, Id say they are far more discerning than most and the harshest critics if it's horrible. They do offer the American style dishes I strongly recommend that you not even look at that menu. So first things first, ask for the Chinese/Vietnamese menu, this is where Diamond's really shines. On the back page of the menu you'll find full family style meals complete and affordable. We ended up ordering the #3 which was a huge selection of varied dishes. Dry Fried Rice Noodle with Beef, Half Roast Duck, Half Crispy Chicken, Lobster with Ginger and Onion, Whole Steamed Fish, Subgun Tofu and Chinese Broccoli with Beef, all for under $54! I felt like we were at some sort of celebration as each dish emerged from the kitchen. All the dishes were well prepared and tasty. They steamed fish as well as the lobster came right out of the tanks in the front of the restaurant, talk about fresh!I only have a couple of gripes. I love soda pop pairings with Chinese food, the carbonation cuts through some of the oilier flavors and leave you ready to eat more. While Diamonds does serve pop, they serve it from a warm can which then poured over ice waters down the sought after carbonation. My other problem is their use of oil on some dishes. The steamed fish was cooked perfectly but then they cover it in this oily sauce that lacked flavor and simply did not add to the dish what-so-ever. If you order the fish, ask for them to not use oil in the sauce. With so many different real deal Chinese dishes to chose from, why even both with sweet and sour pork?
4	There is a God in Phoenix and (s)he is Chinese. For the last 6 years I've been on a quest for decent Chinese food in Phoenix and come up consistently empty-handed. Diamonds answered my prayers.Everything I've ever ordered (I get take out about once a week and try to mix it up with safe faves and new diversions), has been fantastic.  Diamonds is the real deal for Chinese in Phoenix, as substantiated by the fact that every time I'm in there there's  a very healthy multi-cultural   mix of Asians, Latinos and Euros.  When you walk in and you see the bubbling tanks of fresh fish & crustaceans plus a room full of Chinese diners -- you know the place is good. The two key indicators of good Chinese IMHO are the fried rice and the lo mein.  No BS here and no fakery. No nasty dried out yellow/orange sazon goya rice with frozen peas and no Barilla scorched in oil masquerading as lo mein.  Diamonds fried rice (all kinds) is the best I've had in 30 years and all of their dishes are custom cooked to order and sered brilliantly hot. From soups to apps to main dishes, everything is fresh and delicous.The one downside (which is why I gave only 4 stars) is that when I'm craving Diamonds, I'm worse than a crack-whore jonesin a fix. I need it  NOW.  And as they prepare each meal to order the wait can sometimes be laborious.  They also have a stock answer of "20 minutes" for any order and I've placed my orders in advance and sometimes waited up to 45 minutes for the take-out to be ready.  In their defense that has been when I've gone in to pick up my take out and the place got packed and I think they prioritize those in the location over take-out orders sometimes... which stands to reason when you have a hungry table of people waiting, I guess.  The lady who works the counter is always nice while I'm waiting, offers me a seat and a glass of water, so I cant be too pissed at 'em.Face it -- we're not in NY, San Fransisco or any town with a real Chinatown, so when it comes to getting your authentic fix for Chinese in Phoenix, Diamonds is worth the wait every time!
1	Let me preface my review by stating a few facts.  #1 My boyfriend and his family are Chinese, and they were dining with me.  #2 The aforementioned Chinese people in my party ordered everything for us in the spirit of authentic Chinese cuisine.  #3 I put on a happy face and ate as much rice as I could to fill up.  :)  I like to start any decent meal with a good hand-washing, especially when eating with my Chinese in-laws when they're in town from China.  I went into the bathroom at Diamond's, and I almost hurled.  I am a mortician and around putrid smells every day of my life, so for the smell of a bathroom to turn my stomach is reeeally saying something.  I felt obligated to stay and eat.  I left the bathroom and used antibacterial hand sanitizer instead.  :(  So the food began to appear.  We ordered a big pot of oolong tea to accompany our meal.  We were warned that it, along with the glasses of water on our table, was tap water.  The steamed white rice was fine and dandy, and I ate most of it.  We got dungeness crab, served chopped up but still in the shell and smothered in a brown gravy sauce that was none-too-tasty and killed the delicious crab taste.  We also had lobster that was similarly served chopped into pieced and smothered in sauce, with the meat still inside.  This method of serving made it difficult to handle the food without getting your hands dirty, including serving it to yourself from the lazy susan.  We also had cod with all the bones in it and the eyeballs still in its head, completely intact.  I did not even taste it, as I've had some bad experiences with fish bones.  The rest of the table ate the whole thing, including the fish brain and eyeballs and cheeks.  *shudder*  Just a matter of personal preference, but I can't do that.  All in all, I would never go back.  Ever.  And I'd advise anyone with a weak stomach or a strong sense of smell to avoid this place at all costs.  Again, this is simply my preference and opinion.  But I like to taste my food, not just the seasoned gravy thrown onto it.  And the smell... oh good heavens!  Check please!
4	OK; I agree that Diamond's customer wait time is long.  But that is because there is only one cook (the owner).  And I agree that it could be cleaner, from the walls to the floors to the bathrooms.  But come on, it is not that bad.  Those that are very critical probably don't frequent quaint, small neighborhood ethnic places.  When these people travel, they only stay at the Westernized hotels and eat at the westernized restaurants, I suspect.......ha, ha, ha.....I am being overly dramatic here.But the real deal is that Diamond's has the best, authentic Cantonese food in town.  After Silver Dragon on the West side closed down, Diamond's is all that is left....maybe Asian Cafe Express in Mesa can also be included on this list.  But if you are not familliar or looking for old style authentic Cantonese food, don't go here.  Oh sure, they have Chinese-American dishes too, but those suck, in my opinion.  And the best part is that their prices are more than fair.
4	OK; took my wife for her Mother's Day lunch because she wanted to have Spicy Salt & Pepper Dungeness Crab (fried).  Still the lowest price in town for Dungeness crab @ $13.95.  I think even this price was raised a little due to Mother's Day, but still a deal.  We also ordered the deep fried spicy calamari, pork chow mein, roast pork, bat jun tofu, and Chinese broccoli (gailan) with beef.  The roast pork was a little too salty, but still good.  Everything else was good, as usual, and I still think this is one of the best Cantonese places in town.  I have no complaints -- the service was a little slow as usual, but they were pretty crowded with the Mother's Day customers.
4	Well this place is not a palace but it's got great food and has allot of locals that go there. It's one of the few places I've ever seen that have a large Asian patronage that fill the place up, To me this is a very good sign as I know that the food authentic and not very overly westernized. The food is awesome and very large portions and the eggrolls are to die for. The menu has a few exotic items and there are non-menu items that are offered and if you can read Chinese there are menu posters that have more intersting dishes for the more brave. As for fresh seafood some you can't get any fresher as there tanks in the reception area filled with crabs, lobsters, fish, and large prawns.The cons. of the place is that it's not one of the cleanest places I have eaten at and service can be slow and awkward due to the wade staff having a slight language barrier. The water is not very tasty as it's tap and so is the ice,So I would suggest if you come here and you should, don't be in a hurry and be exact on your orders and you'll have a great meal. Also have a open mind and a empty tummy too ;-)
4	The only reason I give this place a 4 instead of 5 stars is that the ambience (very important to me) is severely lacking and for the brief funky smell that emanated from the kitchen at one point when they opened the kitchen door to bring food out to another table. I honestly thought I was going to have to leave the restaurant. However, they were bringing out DELICIOUS looking lobster, crab, and some whole fish. Smell went away after about a minute and I have no idea what in the world it could possibly have been coming from. We ordered Mongolian Beef, Kung Pao chicken and a vegetarian mushroom dish. All were SUUUPER tasty! and very inexpensive. Lobster is $10 a pound. Not sure how much the crab is but will probably try lobster next time I go. Definitely a gem!
5	I've been going to diamonds for about 15 years. The food and prices are amazing. But if you are looking for a "pretty" restaurant, Diamonds won't fit the bill. I'd rather have amazing food and so-so decor personally. The portions are very generous, go for lunch and you will have enough for dinner too!
4	If you want traditional Chinese fare at a very reasonable price, then Diamond's is your place. They have fresh whole lobster, crab and fish cooked in a ginger/onion or black bean sauce. It's ridiculously awesome. We also ordered Mongolian Beef, Shrimp and Snow Peas, Salt and Pepper Prawns and Chicken Fried Rice. Everything was tasty and the bill was unbelievably cheap. Such a great find!
5	While my visit, to pick up take out was kind of drunken blur, the amazing food I ate from Diamond's after a few hours of harder than intended  drinking were JUST what the doctor ordered. My buddy did all the ordering, so all of it was a surprise, when I sat down to eat.  Quite possibly the best Hot-and-Sour soup I've had IN MY LIFE, and all of the everything else that was ordered, was smack yo' mama good. The fried rice, and lo-mein were divine (especially cuz it was a big diet cheat for me) and the EGG FOO YUNG = EGG FOO YUM. I've had much more bad Egg Foo Yung than I have had good Egg Foo Yung.. to the point that I never think to order it, cuz it usually SUCKS, but SO NOT THE CASE at Diamond's! The lady at the register = super cute, and I kinda like the "stab joint" classic chinese restaurant looks of this place.. no windows! YES! :D Five stars... the food seriously speaks for itself.
2	This place is a bit scary.  (And since it is a Chinese restaurant, that means a little more than scary).  It's dark, (even though its been remodeled at least once since it has changed owners a few times).  It serves mostly Cantonese based cuisine although most of the waitstaff tend to speak Mandarin.  I'm actually Chinese and notice these things.  There is some live seafood.  I usually go here for lunch when we have a crowd.  It is inexpesive and fairly quick to get in and out.  A bit heavier on the salt and sauces than I would like though.  I tend to go to my old standbys Great Wall or my newer loves Nee House or South China knowadays.
4	Just an update. Stiil pretty good food and great prices.  Went for dinner on Saturday, 7/16 and order 8 dishes.  We were not disappointed.  Read my previous post for detail, but just wanted to say that we are still fans.
4	When you go here, don't expect good service, ambiance, and cleanliness. But, do expect great tasting food. And you cannot beat the price also, it's considerably cheap for what you're getting. It's worth the trip just for the food. That's all I care about this place.
4	Diamonds has awesome traditional cantonese food that I cannot find anywhere else locally.  Great portions, cheap price, amazing flavors!  For years I couldnt figure out what the special flavor in the lo mein was..simply awesome!  Finally took my "asian chef" pal and realized it was an extremely hot wok that they were cooking in, giving a smoky flavor to my "fried" noodles...go figure!Now that bad...this place is not for the faint of heart...it smells and is old and has the occasional cock roach you'll see...but its very real chinese food so its all good!  Just dont look at the geoduck in the fish tanks...if youve been there, you know what I mean - LOL!  If you have not been there...google geoduck, again - LOL!I love this place...
5	This, my friends, is THE place to get some very authentic Chinese food. The servings are HUGE for what you're paying...shucks, they are huge no matter which way you look at it so be careful not to order too much food unless you want leftovers. Who doesn't like leftover Chinese food anyway?My recommendations are the Sweet and Sour chicken, the Egg Foo Yung and the chow mein. You will not be disappointed.You'll also find the soups on the back of the menu at an average of 4 bucks or so. You will be pleasantly surprised when you get the bowl...it can feed at least 6 people. She will bring small bowls out and serve it for you right at the table. Give the hot and sour soup a try.As for the service, it depends on how you look at it. Don't be afraid to get up and refill your own water. Shoot, the waitress is the only one that's there, give her a break already. She must own the joint with her husband because there is always this little kid in the corner playing on his laptop. So, get your own water and your own take home containers if you want. She doesn't have a problem with it.Yes, the place is a little worn but you don't go there to look at pretty stuff. It's not dirty, just broke down. You'd be broke down too if you practically gave away your food in abundance to your customers. Who has money for new furniture if you take care of your customers bellies.  The lobster, crab and fish are fresh and cheap. Try finding lobster somewhere else in the valley for 10 bucks a pound, I dare ya. So, head on out, just don't go on a Wednesday, that's their day off. They are open 11AM to 11PM every other day though. You can call in your order and pick it up if you don't want to look at the place.Oh yeah, and if you ever go in there and it smells horrid, it's not the place, it's a popular dish that some customers order called "Salty Fish". It stinks to all heck! If that plate comes out I usually pack up my food, giggle and finish my meal at home. I don't mind one bit, that's just the way it is.Oh and the waitress does speak good English, however, you wont find many Caucasians frequenting this place. That means the food is pretty authentic!
3	The roast duck here is the best in town!  I've yet to find any other shop with the same rich sauce.  Sea food like crab and lobster is very reasonably priced and the flavors at this restaurant are amazing.  Some other great dishes are the seafood soup and number 24 (the chinese reads ba jun tofu).I will agree that the eating environment is rather dingy and dull, but it is definitely worth out for the food.
1	Menu says Crap Puffs...that should have been my first clue.  Egg flour soup looked like snot.  Lemon chkn = grilled chkn pieces with goo!There were three of us and two of us were served together.  When we finally decided that they had completely forgotten one meal and got up to leave (as we all shared the two meals and were finished eating) they brought the third meal!
4	$35 buy you black beans clams, steam fish topped with shredded ginger, ginger & onion lobster, and no charge on rice!  You might find this type of deal in New York, Cali or Chicago, rarely in Arizona.     I felt I grew up with this restaurant.   My family has been coming here for years.  It has been so many years that I have back.   I was really impressed with the consistency of the dishes.  Everything still tasted delicious.  If you want authentic Chinese food, do not order from the regular menu; ask for the Chinese one with English translation.  You will not be disappointed! The clay pot beef tendon/stew (the gravy goes well with other dishes if you don't like the meat) and pea seedling/Dou Miao with garlic sauce are a must try.*** Note*** Go here knowing that you'll get good and affordable food, but find the service and ambiance lacking.
1	Not even sure where to begin.  BAD.  VERY BAD.  Most of the meats were a gray color, the hot and sour soup was mustard yellow somehow...and we waited FOREVER for bad food.  After we'd waited thirty minutes, the waitress came out and said they did not have any more of the entree we ordered.  That took you 30 minutes to figure out?And let us not forget the decor!  Wait, that's mean...there was NO decor so no need to comment on that!NEVER, EVER AGAIN.
4	Food was excellent (ordered the chinese broccoli with beef, beef chow fun, clams in black bean sauce, duck, and the walnut shrimp). The food came out pretty slow though but overall the food was great.
3	I ordered Steamed Fish (Sea Bass), Roast Pork with Crispy Skin, and Snow Peas Leaves, easily enough food for 3 to 4 people, the total for which came to less than $40.This is certainly a worthwhile place to go for some authentic Chinese food at very reasonable prices.All the food I ordered was good, especially the Steamed Fish, which was prepared exactly the way it should be. I also enjoyed the Snow Pea Leaves, which was very tasty, something new for me, and a nice alternative to Chinese Broccoli. The Roast Pork was tender, however it was not quite as flavorful, hot, and crispy as I would have liked.I did not award four stars due to the fact that the service has been very slow both times I have been to this restaurant. Presentation was also lacking somewhat.
5	This is a very authentic Chinese restaurant.  I am not rating it on its pnash - it has none.  This is a restaurant and food as you would find it in China.  I love the food and have had many of the dishes.  This stuff is great.  Be warned, there are people that have difficulty getting over some of the textures, decor and presentation, but I love this stuff.  Amazing and exotic.
1	Oh my god, please don't make me eat here ever again. When I first moved into the neighborhood I made it a choice to check out the local restaurants. Overall, I was very pleased with the half a dozen restaurants that occupy 7th Ave between Indian School and Camelback. Then, I tried Diamond's. Where to begin? Okay, so you walk in and the first thing you may notice is: filth. Now, I'm no fancy pants, and I love some dive joints, but this is just too far. Dirt and stains on "cleaned" tables, multiple open fish tanks that stink up the whole place, trash on the floor, questionable odors galore, dirty silverware. Oh.My.God. I try to be brave. I order some food - sweet & sour something or another. The sauce? It's goo. Like thick, gooey goo. I am so grossed out by whatever I am eating and the filth surrounding me that I find myself unable to eat. Again, I have eaten in my share of one-star restaurants, but none have been this bad. It's odd, because I've heard so many good things about this place. I honestly don't know what is going on because there is no way this could be the same place people are raving about. I know the prices are good, but hey - eating out of a dumpster is free, so why not just go there? I don't know, maybe I'm a snob. Maybe I went there on an "off" day. Maybe it deserves a second shot to be sure, but honestly, there is no way I could ever set foot in this place again. I ended up paying the check and running across the street to America's Taco Shop for a few margaritas to try to wash away the memories.
3	Taste: The food tastes good for the most part. Roast duck is second to none and so is their lobster. That said, everything else tastes mediocre. This is where the 1 star came in.Where they lose it all is on sanitation/aesthetics/service. This place is filthy and when I say filthy i mean FILTHY. There are roaches, there are incredibly sticky tables, there are unclean restrooms, there are unchanged vents in the restrooms, the smell from the restroom, the lack of soap in the restroom, lack of paper towels in the restroom. When you walk into the restaurant, you can feel shit inside your nostrils immediately and you know you are walking into a polluted greenhouse. It is hot as hell and I am positive there are significant contaminants in the air. The vents in the restrooms and in the restaurant are so incredibly old that you can see the layers upon layers (from years upon years, and I have actually been here for years to see this progression) of dust growing on each other.The service is horrendous. You will get an unhappy waitress take your order. Then you will get your food 30+ minutes later. Then you wont see them until you get the check.I have been here +20 times in the last 7 years because my parents like it. I would never come here on my own and neither should you lest you be coerced.
1	I really used to love going to this place, even if it's not the cleanest, the waitress is crabby, and the service is crap, but the food was delicious! But now, even the food is mediocre, the quality has gone down the drain. Having to wait 40 minutes for your food when the restaurant is empty, aaaand not even be good is just not groovy, Such a shame, I used to be a regular. Good thing my boyfriend and I have found a new Chinese joint.
3	Minus 1 star for atmosphere:this is your stereotypical dimly lit, slightly grubby, sticky tabled Chinese restaurant in trends of atmosphere.Minus 1 star for service:the waitress here will argue with customers and won't change the bill if a dish comes out under cooked...plus 3 stars for flavor:I can't get over how awesome the roast duck is.  The sauce is something to be admired and devoured.  its amazing over rice.  The fish here is also quite delicious.  prices are good and seafood is cheap.  Only complaint is that the white rice can be pretty dry and coarse.
4	You know the Soup Nazi episode of Seinfeld? I like to keep that in mind when I do my Yelp reviews because, while the rating system is a simple one to five stars, you really aren't reviewing all restaurants on the same variables. Diamond's needs to be rated amongst authentic discount Chinese food restaurants. I give it four stars with the understanding that Diamond's is not:- romantic- a place to meet my girlfriend's parents for the first time- charmingIs it authentic? Maybe. How would I know? I can say that it's a value where you get a lot of good for an inexpensive price. The decor isn't impressive but they don't claim it is. Specials are written on florescent poster board lining the restaurant. Service is slow and inconsistent though -- so less a star. But I stand firm that, if you like Chinese food and you are hungry, then this is the place to go.
4	An update here.  On Saturday, I ordered some take out and a whole 25-30 pound roasted suckling pig for a pig-out dinner with my children and my grandchildren -- just seven of us.  The pig was great, but we all wished the skin could have been crispier.  Some parts were crispy, but some parts were chewy.  I think this is because of the difficulty in roasting a whole pig in an oven as opposed to over a fire (spit roasting style).  But their prices for a whole roasted suckling pig is the best you will find in town --- $150 for my size, $170 for the next bigger size, etc. etc.  And the taste is pretty darn good.The take out I ordered was good again, but I asked that the roast duck I ordered not have the sauce poured on it.  But unfortunately it did.  The owner who does the cooking is pretty good as a chef, IMO, but his customer service skills are the pits.  And he is pretty rude too.  I told him about "no duck sauce" and he yelled and said yeah, yeah, yeah --- but unfortunately, his ability to comprehend and follow instructions leaves much to be desired.I will go back because I love the menu, the taste, and the prices.  But again his customer service really sucks big time.
1	I don't know how this place is in business. Fried rice tasted fishy and the pork was totally dried out. Sweet sour chicken had no vegetables. My understanding is that this dish has peppers, pineapple, etc.  Crystal shrimp was shrimp tossed in an over abundance of clumpy mayo with a few plain untoasted walnuts on top. Worst Chinese food ever, in a dark corner of a bad neighborhood and the restaurant is not fixed up nice at all. Stay away.
4	This place is what I remember it 20 years ago.. different owners now.but great food. The prices, can't be beat. Whole roasted duck was delicious. 14 Dollars???  Wow.lobster was what I remember as a kid..   the place is not clean, but off you have ever been in Hk or China??? ... Pretty close..will be bk when I a ever back over there
1	Food was good, have to give them that. Only if you don't mind the sloooooooow service, 2-hr for lunch there is not exactly where I want to spend my power lunch.Be sure to check and double check you bill for overcharging, not sure if ours was just an honest mistake or they tried to pull a fast one. My mom did warned us about their way of billing is some what similar to some law firms, I thought she was patronize. I don't have the time nor extra unwanted cash in my wallet, so I will not be back. Dine there at your own risk.
4	Here is the breakdown... cheap authentic Chinese food. Be sure to order off the Chinese menu and not the American menu. One menu contains sweet and sour pork/chicken/beef. That's the menu for all the Americans that have never really know what the difference between Chinese food and Panda Express.Here's is what YOU ARE NOT going to get... fast service, atmosphere and whatever you expect from a restaurant. But like I said, you get cheap authentic Chinese food.Recommended dishs include Whole Steamed Fish, Roast Pork, Stir Fry Crab/Lobster, Steamed Flounder, Sea Cucumber, Black Sauce Clams, Beef Claypot, etc.If you can't understand the concept above, go eat at Panda Express or PF Chang and enjoy your Sweet and Sour Chicken.
4	My first visit to this restaurant! We did take out: lobster with ginger and onion, half a roast duck, stir fried green beans with pork! SO, SO good! Will be going back to try the crab, steamed whole fish and steamed live shrimp, which the owner told me today is only in season 3 months out of the year! (April to June) I didn't give them 5 stars only because we didn't eat in and can't evaluate the service (although the owner started off cool, she warmed quickly and was very pleasant and welcoming by the time our order was ready to take home).
3	I went there for lunch. Ordered the beef chow fun.  It was very good. but .....  they serve it with a dish that was badly chipped.  Look at the picture.I also ordered the egg plant with pork hot pot.  It was serve on a plate and not in a hot pot.  It was greasy and terrible.
3	This is such a tough call. The food is really, really good. The actual restaurant itself is below par. That said, here ya go ---Stopped in for a quick dinner with the family. The first thing that we notice is that the place is fairly rundown. The second thing we notice is that the AC does not work very well. It was really hot in the place. We decided what the heck, we are already here, let's eat. We ordered pot stickers, hot and sour soup, garlic chicken, chicken fried rice, sweet and sour chicken, and mu shu pork. I have to say that I was quite surprised. The food was delicious! The pot stickers were crisp and fresh. The sweet and sour was darn good as well. Light batter. Not overly sweet.Couple of additional thoughts - We had the kids with us so it was pretty standard fare; however, the menu actually has some interesting looking items on it. Lastly, I think the food is worth it, but I think I would go for take out next time. N*joy
2	I SO want to give this place 5 stars because the food is just so good.  Excellent and flavorful recipes -- really!  Some of the best Chinese food we've ever had, ever.  Anywhere.  But the 2 stars is for the filthy appearance of the place, and the worst-ever service you'll ever experience.  You may get your food delivered to the table in 15 minutes, or it might be an hour (yes, this is common here!) and your dishes will always, always be delivered to your table in no particular order, so different members of your party will not be served at the same time, not by a long shot.  The owner (and only apparent server) knows us now that she's learned our daughter-in-law speaks Chinese, and has softened her attitude to us.  But the many times we've been here prior to that, she was rude and rather sullen.  We witnessed an embarrassing shouting match one night between her and a customer.  They yelled at each other loud and long in Chinese and was very uncomfortable for the entire restaurant to have to listen to.  I guess the dirtiness and grunginess of the floors and the bathroom is the final reason we won't be coming back.  They've been written up by the health inspectors many, many times for major infractions; these have been published in the newspaper restaurant inspection column.  Not sure how they've managed to stay open.  I guess people overlook the dirt because the food tastes so good.  I'm not sure I want to see in the kitchen!
3	I would rate them higher based on food alone but based on everything else, I just can't.  First, this is how lobster should be done. Ginger, green onions, thick sauce. None of that simply boiled with clarified butter stuff. The fish was also very good and cooked right. The roasted pork had a wonderful crisp on the skin but the section we got had too much fat and not enough muscle..and the grease sopped down into the plate so it was hard to eat.  We wanted the 2nd tier ($36) family set but they were out of clams so we asked if she could just subtract the price of the clams or to let us know what the total price would be. The waitress gave a stank face and just walked away and never acknowledged us again until our food came a long time later. Price for 3 items separately was the same as the 4-item family deal...wth. We compensated with a lesser tip.The rice was obviously old and not reheated enough to even be warm. Utensils have that film over it that stays when not properly scrubbed. I was handed a set of chopsticks with just one stick.  People just walk up to the counter and grab their own boxes, forks, crab crackers etc.  Come here expecting good, authentic food but knowing the waitress hates the world and that you'll have to wait to eat, even when not very busy. I'll be back for that lobster though.
4	If you want good authentic Chinese food at very reasonable prices, look no further.  Is this place shiny and fancy?  No, but I've been to many a hole in the wall where they serve terrific food.  This place is no exception.I don't know if I've had a bad dish here.  The selection is large if you know what to order.  Many items are not on the American menu.  The live seafood is awesome and it is cooked to perfection however way you please.  We have also ordered a whole roasted sucking pig here on several occasions for the holidays.
4	Very Slow service, be prepared to wait for at least 25-30mins for your food.It's a family run business, the husband cooks in the kitchen. The wife is the only waitress. That explains it all.  The price for seafood is awesome , and pretty Authentic Chinese cooking. Warning, this restaurant looks run down, and kinda dirty. Suggest to call and order ahead, or do take out.
4	Delish! Stopped in for dinner one night. The building is old and can be hard to miss, but there's plenty of parking once you find it.We had the Chinese broccoli with beef, which was a little salty but excellent. I love the flavor on the beef and the crisp green broccoli. The lobster was wonderful, with a lot of nice ginger flavor and a thick, tasty sauce. My favorite was the salt and pepper shrimp. Lots of fresh green and white onions, with extremely spicy little peppers that gave the entire dish a great kick. The accompanying rice didn't seem fresh, but the portion was big.The restaurant is old, dirty, and smelly, so don't go in expecting a ton of ambiance. Our server was really nice, packed up our leftovers, and waved to us as we were leaving. If you want authentic, tasty Chinese, stop in, but beware that this place isn't for everyone.
5	FRIED SALT AND PEPPER LOBSTER! LITERALLY THE BEST DISH I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!! ONLY $15Diamonds is as Authentic as it gets with great food, poor service and hidden Asian menu that you have to ask for. If your looking for good or speedy service look elsewhere. But for amazing and cheap authentic Chinese/ Vietnamese dishes you found your spot (just be pre-paired to wait 15-30 min for food)My fav dish is deep fried lobster for the beautiful price of $15 (ask for salt and pepper lobster) that is fresh from tank and cooked when ordered. It is the best dish with an amazing taste!Best dishes:salt pepper lobsterginger crabsteamed fishduckpork with skinif you get Asian menu look on back for combination's you can get claimslobstersteamed fishporkrice all for $35
3	It's a nice hole in the wall restaurant and we ordered the family style package and added shark fin soup. I loooooved the steamed fish. The soup was okay, the lobster was good, the clams was good, but I didn't like the roasted pork at all. It was fatty and tough to eat, and it was the last dish to arrive. I ordered hot tea to drink but they only have oolong, and the tea wasn't hot, just slightly warm. The server wasn't terrible, but wasn't very friendly either. Maybe a family of the owner. She said thank you as we were leaving but i think she really tried to avoid any opportunity to converse with us. There may have been a language barrier there.
1	We lasted about 5 minutes in this place. One family walked out as we were getting there. They had been waiting an hour for their food. To start, the menus were dirty, there was a strange odor, and the tables and glasses didn't look so clean. Then the waitress came over, with a dirty, wet shirt, and she looked like we just said, "This is a stick up" when we asked if we could order drinks. She took our order, put our soup bowls on the table and left the room. The bowls she had put down had little bits of dirt caked on the inside. That was all it took. We made our apologies and left. Btw-Did I mention that after we left the place, it was completely empty. (Cue the whistling theme song to The Good, The Bad and The Ugly)
4	If you are ever in the area near phoenix, you gotta stop by here! if you crave Yummy yummy authentic Chinese food then this is the place for you. The fried lobster is delicious with just the right seasoning! you get to choose your kill and they cook it fresh for you :) The pineapple fried rice and steamed fish was tasty as well. The place looks a little run down and old but the food never disappoints. Expect service to be a little slow like most Asian restaurants. The food also comes out pretty slow. This place is great for big parties and family dining. I recommend if your in the area since there isn't much Asian restaurants around.
2	The food here was very standard, nothing special or notable on the menu. Servings are large for the price but it takes horrendously long for anything to come out. We had the pork lo mein and found it hearty but bland. Friends have said the same of other options. TL; DR - mediocre food for super low price after a long wait.
5	Superb. The food was on-spot, delivered in a timely fashion, and were dressed up quite nicely.Whenever I go, Chinese people are always lined up, excited, and leave delighted. One woman I spoke to says that once a year, she comes up from Tucson to enjoy the food, saying it's one of the best, reasonably-priced, authentic Chinese places in Arizona i have been attending for years and always look forward to my visits, to where the waitress/proprietor now has my order already taken down, before I even sit, saving a few minutes time and showing the great customer service.
5	When ever our family is missing New York we always end up at Diamonds.  Think Mott & Bayard in China town nyc and your transported.     Anything you order will be authentic flavorful and value packed.
4	I've been here multiple times and ordered take out a few times since my initial visit and review. The food is always very good and authentic. Lobster is the cheapest in town and the ginger/scallion sauce is so good. Slobber it all over your rice. Other favorites include clam in spicy sauce, salt and pepper shrimp, beef and chinese broccoli. I don't think I've had a dish that was bad. Yes, the place can be dirty and/or smelly but the food is the most authentic Chinese I've had in Phoenix and definitely worth a try. It'll put all your Americanized chinese places to shame.
5	Beef with broccoli, steamed rice, and egg roll. Sooo good!! best I've had in Phoenix!!! Restaurant is not the nicest on the inside but their food is very fresh!!  As many other people have said, calling before you get there saves lots of tome!! Ate here two days in a row and sesame chicken and green beans with chicken are awesome also!! Great amount of food for price also!!!
