5	Like the other review, I purchased the groupon due the proximity of where I lived. The booking process was quite simple, as Annette has it set up online. Her place is located inside a business complex, so it can be tricky to find, but it's in the front of the building and there's a little sign. As for the massage, one word sums it up, amazing! Annette listens to where your trouble spots are, takes a genuine interest in what you are looking to get done and does an amazing job. Her lotion is her own blend, and opens up your senses as she goes (and the smell doesn't linger after you walk out). She has amazingly soft hands and just that perfect touch that you're looking for in a massage. She is definitely worth the trip and I cannot wait to book my next massage with her!
4	I purchased a 90-min massage through Groupon. Scheduling was super easy since it's online. However the time availability was limited, so plan ahead. You may not have a spot for over a month. I bought mine in June, and finally have the chance to get my massage on this weekend. The location has moved to Charlotte Park, which is a business park at the corner of S. Tryon & Billy Graham. Yes, it's a little odd for a massage studio but I personally don't mind if the service is good and the price is right.I arrived just before my 2:30pm appointment on Saturday. And because it's an office building, it's on lock-down! Luckily Annette was aware and came and got me and I didn't feel like I lost too much time. I enjoyed the massage. Annette was mindful to ask if there's any area I like to focus on, and if she should avoid any area. I'm not going to lie, I probably fell asleep somewhere in between. I enjoyed that she rubbed my head, and face (it's crazy how good that feels). She spent extra time on my shoulders and legs & feet per my request. I definitely will consider coming back, since she's very reasonable with her pricing. $45 for an hour, but if you pre-purchase 2+ hours, it's $35. For the quality of massage, I think this is a deal. AND hey, if you do end up trying her out, tell her Peggy sent ya!
