5	Extremely friendly service. I received an oil change and a car wash. They didn't try to up-sell me with the oil change and the attendants (both the cashier and the car washers) were very helpful and nice.
4	Going to the carwash. Yeah. This is a new carwash that just opened near work and home. They have a full convenience store on site which is open 24 hrs. This place is really nice. Nicest and cleanest carwash I've been too. Friendly staff too.I pulled in and everything is nicely labeled. You can easily see where you supposed to go. Pulled up to the vacuums, got out of my car and was imediately greeted. The guy was ready to  just give me the basic wash but I said no we are going Ultimate today. He asked if I was sure because I had a new car. I said yes and a handwax too. He confirmed this choice as well. We were both surprised, him with what I was asking for and me that he didn't try and upsell me. He even gave me a deal where I paid for the handwaxing and he threw in the Ultimate wash. I handed over the "keys" and walked inside. The conveneince store had a lot of snacks, soda even beer. Also they had fresh popcorn and 2 computers with internet access.On the TV wall they have 6 larger flat screens. 2 or 3 with CNN and the rest with video feeds so you can follow your car through the wash process. When they are done they pull it up front and if you are paying attention you can go out and meet them or they come in and say who had the Juke in my case. No waving of towels and trying to figure out if they are done or just throwing towels around. Also no shady mechanics trying to get you to change flids that don't even exist.It might cost a little more than the drive thru wash at the gas station but it is worth the few extra dollars. My car looks better than it did off the showroom floor. They did a great jo and I will definitely come back again. Such a bonus a carwash this nice is close to work and home.
3	I went to this new location for a car wash for the first time. The staff was very friendly and cordial at 7am in the morning. I was planning on getting hand wash but the guy there told me about the tunnel with microfiber brushes which is identical or better to hand wash - which is what I went for. After the wash i'm not convinced yet if this beats hand wash. Also noticed car wasn't rinsed completely 1. plenty of water beads were on the lower half of the car2. water was present inside the doorThe car I took is a black car and I'm little picky when it comes to cleaning it. My other ones will do fine from the beating of microfibers. -sg
5	got a free car wash here for $5 worth from asu gammage! My car was so clean after a sand storm and they hand dried my car :) Near the freeway too :)
3	I was in the area a couple weekends ago, in desperate need of a car wash, and a friend suggested this one.I happen to hate the high pressure up-sell - I am already asking for the 2nd most expensive wash on the board. No, I don't want to spend more money and an extra hour for a detail. No, I don't want to join your frequent was club. That is one of the reasons I avoid these car washes - and one of the reasons I take off a star. Which may be unfair - as I know it's something I will deal with as I pull up. It's part of the expectation. But - it's my review, and I can take of stars where I want!For the most part, I was thrilled with the work done. The car was filthy. In addition to the rain/mudstorm we had a few weeks back, I've just done exterior washes for the last several months. It may have been six months since I had an interior vacuum and wipe down - it was SO past due!My car looks clean and happy, smells clean and happy - and like I said - for the most part was thrilled. But - once I am on the road, I see something that makes me more than a little disappointed. I had mentioned the rain/mudstorm from a few weeks ago? Well, I had left my windows cracked in the office parking lot that night - and had plenty on mud drops on both front doors - the interior sills and armrests. While they remembered to wipe the driver side - there were big, untouched mud drops still on the passenger side.Wiping the interior of the doors in common practice at all these car washes - now I can't help but wonder - for a wash that cost me almost $35 - if they missed something that obvious, what else did they miss?The staff was friendly, the place was clean, the service was fast. I don't hate this place - and it's really OK. Just can't say I'd go out of my way to come back.
1	I have had issues with the Tempe store and have been passed back to the manager. My concerns were not addressed and the operations manager at corporate sent it back to the store manager. Be careful of the high pressure upsell to the monthly pass, such a good deal. Bullsh*&t, I have wasted more time trying to get this straightened out and I'm not sure it is.  Buyer beware.............................
3	I worked at a self service / automatic car wash for years till I moved out the AZ So I normally wash the truck myself (yes it takes more time but there is never a spot that gets missed)That's said ... This place is fast and an ok wash. First time I went I got the Ultimate Plus wash and the guys doing the trim missed some big spots (probably because the plastic has to be dry before you apply anything, and that takes time) So my bumper looked half shiny and half dull. When I brought the truck back in, I told the guy what happened and he did my trim for free and it was a better job this time.Other than that if you want a fast wash it's not a bad place,
3	This carwash gets the exterior job done nice and quickly, and I frequently come because the location is convenient. I honestly cannot "see" the difference between the supreme wash and the ultimate, so going with supreme can save you a few bucks :) My one complaint is that they DO NOT do a good job on the interior (dusting the dashboard, etc.). After several visits, I have yet to receive a nice interior wipe down. On the upside, the place is always nice and clean, and the staff are very friendly.
1	I recently went to Cobblestone for a carwash, and after the wash was offered a $19.99 oil change.  When I went to pay, the $20 turned in to $32.  I had to speak to 2 different employees before the adjustment was made, and was told that there would be an additional $5.99 because my make/model needed additional oil...  When I pointed out that they had approached me after seeing my vehicle, with a $19.99 offer, the additional oil fee was taken off.  While there, I had a wiper blade replaced.  Two miles after leaving, I noticed a large 6-7 inch crack in my windshield, originating where the wiper blade that had been replaced was.  When I contacted them, I was told, 1) it is common in AZ for windshields to crack when cold water hits the hot windshield (windshield wasn't cracked after the wash, or before the oil change...) 2) It must have been a rock that hit my windshield (under the wiper blade?) 3) It was a stress fracture  due to a faulty windshield.  When I pointed out that the windshield was not cracked until AFTER the blade was replaced, an incident report was finally written up.  Now, I have to wait several days, as they need a 3 hour block of time, and an additional 3 hours for the car to sit.  Needless to say, I will not be returning.
5	I am a repeat customer. What brings me back? Friendly service. They are anxious to get and keep my business. This is obvious by their actions. I have yet to find a car wash that will detail the exterior like I would if wash my truck myself. If you want that level of service have these guys detail your ride. A standard car wash is not a detailed service.After having my Tahoe detailed it looks like new. I had the interior detailed also. It was already pretty clean, but after 7 years from new it needed it. Like new again!I recommend these guys. Be patient, quality takes time.
1	They didn't vacuum the trunk then gave me a lame excuse that it's their policy because customers don't want their trunks vacuumed.   Even if some people don't want their trunk vacuumed why not ask?Updated 6-25-2013 after comment from Cobblestone:This policy of not vacuuming trunks wreaks of pure laziness and profiteering, and has no bona fide basis in customer preference or respect for privacy.   People also store "personal belongings" inside their car, including guns, illegal drugs, iPods, and other expensive electronics, yet the inside is always vacuumed.   Indeed, most people keep their most valuable possessions inside the car, not sliding around in their trunk.Even if there was some bona fide concern for privacy, the solution is to ask customers whether they would like their trunk vacuumed, not to skip it without giving the customer any notice or opportunity to choose.  It is telling that nowhere in any of Cobblestone's advertising or signage does it state that trunks are not vacuumed, which is borderline, if not outright, fraud.    The reason customers is that vacuuming trunks takes time, and if you skip 5 trunks that allows you to squeeze an extra car out during that time.  If you give customers a choice, most will want their trunk vacuumed and that costs more money. Cobblestone's policy is an example of "the customer is always wrong" mentality that has become pervasive in most service industries.  The problem with this kind of thinking is that it results in short term profits while sacrificing long-term customer retention.  I won't be back, nor will many others.
5	Went there last minute today and even though they were close to closing they still took me in for a detail service. The detail manager did an awesome job on my vehicle by removing all the pet hair in it. The prices were very competitive and their monthly memberships are great. I will definitely return and possibly switch memberships to this location.
5	Still offering a free exterior car wash as of Mar 14, 2013. Great service and everything is new. Impressive.
4	Few of my fellow coworkers have been hitting up Cobblestone Auto Spa to get there car's washed during lunch, and I have been looking for a new place since the one that is near me is not opened during the hours I would like to have my car washed hahaMy car was just a hot mess and needed a washing and vacuuming out, went over on a Friday afternoon to get her washed, from the time I pulled up to the time I left, everyone was so friendly, at this time I only wanted the regular wash with vacuum and they didn't even try with upselling me or being pushy about another choice. I went inside to pay, was told I have 5 days to come back to get it rewashed in case of rain, which I will be taking her back tomorrow for that exact reason, and for the next time have a wash @ $4.99! How cool is that!The waiting area is nice, you can watch a variety of tv screens to see where your car is at and what is being done to it, like a crazy car wash big brother, and waiting area outside is nice too.  Im happy to give them a chance and will be coming back!
4	Got an oil change and wash - I will say these guys are efficient; they know their craft - my oil was changed and my car washed in less than half an hour.  That being said, I was not thrilled with Cobblestones 'fear mongering' up-sell technique once they got my car into the oil change pit.  Dude, my car is a 'hoopty', I will drive it till the wheels fall off.  I'm burning oil and tranny fluid you say? Derp! My car is 14 years old, with almost 200k miles on it!! My drive belts are cracking?!? No shit, we live in, its hot as fuck, AZ senior rhode scholar.I get it, they're just doing their job, but I just hate it when people trying selling me shit by scaring me - I'm already enough of an asshole, I don't need to be a scared asshole too.And to finish this bad boy - it's like a card carrying OCD member cleaned my ride - shit is ka-lean.  Regardless of me not liking their bedside manner in the oil change dept, ill be back.
3	Good service, but you got to pay extra if you want to take little details, also you have to instruct them if you want you car well dry
2	Per my last visit, CAS,  you changed my oil and washed my hoopty.   So. Goddamn.  Good. (minus the fire and brimstone lecture). With high hopes I came back with my  new albeit extremely economical ride, but somehow you couldn't figure out how to get the crumbs outta my cavernous cup holders (Big Gulp / Polar Pop accommodating).  My shit was sparkling on the outside , but  after I looked under my  floor mats (anal-retentive, I know) it became obviously I 'choose poorly' concerning the 'basic' car washy package.  Maybe, next time, move the floor mats around a bit? - let me know you tried. I thought about re-vacuuming when I got home, but I'm lazy and fat - hence me paying for the suds.   What a' Picard face-palm' of a 12.99$ 'Basic' car wash - ain't doing that again.  I'm sorry I refused your upgrades when it came time for me to hand over my 'whip'.  I'm cheap, but you don't haveta punish a man for being frugal.
1	Really wish there was a 0 star option. Went to get some transmission fluid pulled out cuz I just bought a used car and the levels were too high which is causing my transmission to shift roughly. When I went in the employee told me he would just take some out and call it a day. I went inside and waited for him to complete it. He came Inside about 25 minutes later and said that he was ready. When we went outside the employee also pointed out that the oil was too high and I told him that I would drain some tomorrow. He then said I need to purchase some transmission fluid so he knew how much to pull out. I don't understand why he couldn't just pull out enough fluid to not have it overfull and shift smooth. The employee then said it is not that it's overfull as to why my transmission is rough, he said my transmission is going out and it has nothing to do with the levels. He also told me that my levels were not too high on my transmission. I pulled my dipstick out when I got home and the level was way passed the full marking. I then said ok never mind have a good day and closed the hood and got in my car to leave. The employee told me that I'm not going to go far in life with an attitude like that and that he was just trying to help me out and I advised him he is not going to either (hot headed I know) the employee then told me to get out of my car and say it again. I opened my door and said it again, then shut my door and drove off. I do not appreciate being threatened by an employee. I will not be returning to this "auto spa" or any other one for any of their services.
5	This place was awesome. I got a living social deal for an oil change, tire rotation, and car wash. It was a bit out of the way for my liking but worth it. Everyone was very nice and very professional. I would go back :)
5	Really good place for an oil change and car wash. I had a groupon/livingsocial for this and the service was fast, good with good service.When they did the oil change, the service rep noticed that I was short in coolant and said he'd top it off for me.I was really pleased with this, although their prices aren't like really cheap but decent.
4	Cobblestone is A-Okay to me! I absolutely hate a dirty car and this place makes it super convenient for me to get a quick wash. I actually have a Fast Pass. This pass gives me unlimited exterior washes for $15 a month (I wish the tire shine was a bit glossier). There are different levels of the Fast Passes if you like the interior done as well. This place now even has free vacuums too. Be sure to double check your antenna if you have them put it back on because sometimes it gets busy here and it is not screwed back in tightly. Most of the staff is friendly. They do a decent job of cleaning the interior but if you opt for that service don't expect it to be fast, so grab something out of the store to eat or drink and chill out.
5	They have a full service car wash and a quick drive thru one as well. I just wanted to use the quick drive thru one and the guy working there was quick to help me out with the specials and different services. One reason I like the quick wash here you still have someone dry off your windows so they don't get all spotty which is great and they still give you an air fresh we. Great service!
1	They didn't vacuum the trunk then gave me a lame excuse that it's their policy because customers don't want their trunks vacuumed.   Even if some people don't want their trunk vacuumed why not ask?Updated 6-25-2013 after comment from Cobblestone:This policy of not vacuuming trunks wreaks of pure laziness and profiteering, and has no bona fide basis in customer preference or respect for privacy.   People also store "personal belongings" inside their car, including guns, illegal drugs, iPods, and other expensive electronics, yet the inside is always vacuumed.   Indeed, most people keep their most valuable possessions inside the car, not sliding around in their trunk.Even if there was some bona fide concern for privacy, the solution is to ask customers whether they would like their trunk vacuumed, not to skip it without giving the customer any notice or opportunity to choose.  It is telling that nowhere in any of Cobblestone's advertising or signage does it state that trunks are not vacuumed, which is borderline, if not outright, fraud.    The reason customers is that vacuuming trunks takes time, and if you skip 5 trunks that allows you to squeeze an extra car out during that time.  If you give customers a choice, most will want their trunk vacuumed and that costs more money. Cobblestone's policy is an example of "the customer is always wrong" mentality that has become pervasive in most service industries.  The problem with this kind of thinking is that it results in short term profits while sacrificing long-term customer retention.  I won't be back, nor will many others.
5	I've taken my car to this location a few times for an oil change and car wash and have always been happy with the fast and efficient customer service.  The staff is super friendly and professional.Today I got a car wash and scheduled a windshield replacement.  I also needed to get my car looked at because my check engine light was on - Mike Thompson, Lance, and another employee in the oil change area were all very helpful.  My car looks amazing - I'll definitely be returning to Cobblestone soon!
4	I think these folks did a great job with my car. Upon arriving, the attendant pointed out to me an empty lane I overlooked, which would speed my wait. Thanks! The shop was really clean and all the employees were friendly and helpful. The prices are comparable to Danny's. I wish I knew about the wash discount with a gas purchase because that would have saved me money but that is something I own for not noticing (just a little bummer). What I DID like was Tony, their glass rep, noticed I needed a new windshield, and when I explained to him I had an appointment to get it replaced this weekend, he didn't drop the conversation. Instead, like a good sales rep should, he engaged some more and next thing I know, he's invented me to swap my appointment and get service with them. He made that so easy!
2	I am ALWAYS uphold, and when I decided to FINALLY pay the $50 for a car wash, nobody told me that it would take AN HOUR.I waited for 30 minutes and then asked the ladies inside who told me it would be another 30 minutes. I was flabbergasted stating that I had no idea that it would even take 30 minutes, because I was not told. Then they rushed the job for me (wished they should have) but then it was incomplete. Ugh.I normally like cobblestone, but only the $5-$15 jobs.
1	I purchase the paint protection with compleat exterior wash and headlight restoration total of almost $200+ not satisfied on the work it almost they just carwash my car and thats it and i just wait for almost 3hrs for it and then they call me my car is finish i inspect it and headlight is still the same cloudy n dirty i tell them and say they forgot to do the headlight  and let me wait again just be aware.
4	I rarely have a bad wash here.  It is better than most in the area.  I would grant a 5 star except for my most recent trip they used a dirty rag for the interior and delivered the car to me stinky (due to the dirty rag).  Please folks, change rags often?   Also they missed a large bird poop on the tonneau cover this time.  It's not like them tho and if you ask the attendant to make sure no poops when you drive up, that is when you will get a good result. But you shouldn't have to ask each time.I would like to add that everybody that works here seems like they enjoy what they're doing, which is refreshing.
5	This time was awful! So why the BIG 5 stars?  Because, they made it right.  I've had my car detailed here multiple times and they always do a stand up job, but this time it was a real roller coaster ride.  Admittedly, I brought them an extremely dirty and well worn vehicle that I recently obtained, but if anybody could get it in tip top shape I thought it was Cobblestone.  The first attempt was abysmal and they didn't even finish, but they said to come back they would do it right.  When I arrived to pick up the vehicle the second time it was still lacking in detail cleaning to say the least.  But then their customer service apparatus went into action.  Del, the General Manager got involved and man did they get it right!  Everybody and every business is deserving of having a bad day every once in a while.  The difference maker is what you do when you fail ... do you learn and grow or do you keep on failing?  Well I can tell you that these guys seem to have learned and applied that knowledge.  Instead of losing a good customer they turned a bad situation into one that has made me a customer for life.  Thanks to Del and all the people that stepped up, changed their attitudes and got the job done right!
5	Tried this place because my usual car wash (Beverly Hills Car Wash in Tempe) was mysteriously closed on a Saturday with no explanation on their voicemail. That does not engender loyalty...but I digress. Cobblestone did the same job by hand of the interior and exterior for way less money AND a free coupon for an exterior wash in the next 7 days should you car get sullied by a monsoon dust storm or something. This is where I'm going in Tempe from now on.
4	The Chevron station here is a good place to use your Safeway gas rewards in this part of town since their price tends to be competitive *once* you have a reward or two. I've never seen it too busy and it is always clean. It is spacious and they also have diesel if you need it. I usually go to CostCo for gas, but it is nice to be able to clean the windshield in between washes during the monsoon season.
1	This place blows. I stopped taking my cars here. After every wash I either had to take my cars over to the free vacuums and finish doing it myself. The one time I complained they looked at me like I was asking for to much. Most of they workers look like they just got released from jail.
1	I tried - seriously, I tried to come back.  The 35.00$ oil change and car washy was too tempting for me to ignore.  When I arrived at CAS the hipster garage monkey informed me that since I was rocking a newer vehicle and because it drank synthetic oil instead of conventional that there'd be a price difference. Yeah, a 40$ price diff yo.  EEEERRRN - hell no.  It tried but I'z donee mayn.
1	I needed to have my oil changed so I was near by and decided to try out this place. I don't know a lot about cars and mistake that I made was to trust the staff of cobblestone to navigate me in the right direction with proper and honest information. I did replace the oil. The staff of cobblestone insisted that I need to change 2 filters and recommend a coolant flush in my car; and said it would be better for the air I am breathing as well as the car itself. I trusted them and decided to replace 2 of the filters and hold off on the $90 coolant flush. After $110 dollars later, I had my oil replaced as well as 2 filters in the car. I was also charged for additional oil without my consultation. When that was address, all I was told is that "I SHOULD HAVE been informed of that". After speaking with my boyfriend, it turned out that 1 of the filters had just recently been replaced by Lexus in the last 45 days as well as the coolant flush had been preformed during that same time . I have attempted to put in my complaint with the manager, however, I was basically told, what's been done has been done. Sorry.So, what's most important in all of this; is that Cobblestone's sales strategy is to   recommend thing that your car needs to have replaced based on manufacture recommend mileage; even if you just completed the services the day before and by obvious observation, you don't need it!REPLY TO THE COMMENT: Oh you sure did. No one doubted the transaction whatsoever, my concern was the fact that your technician directly looked at the filter and KNEW it didn't have to be replaced but still insisted that it will be better if I do it. Dishonesty is what i would call it. We gave you the opportunity to address this, as you clearly showed you were not very concerned with a disappointed customer. Unless your will address this and handle it properly, no there is no chance for you to earn my business back.
3	I came in for an interior detail on my car. I called ahead of time and the guy told me they had a deal: $119 for interior and wash. It really wasn't much of a deal because that was the same price everywhere else I called. Regardless, they said they could do it in the amount of time I was hoping for (less than 3 hours), so I went there. I arrive there at 1pm and asked if it could be ready no later than 330, but preferably 3pm  if possible. The guy said no problem they'd  get it done. To my surprise it was done at 2:30pm. Only to find out when I got home, the carpets in between the seats and the console, as well as the rear drink holder (that I made sure was folded down so they could see it), hadn't even been touched. At this point I didn't have time to go back and get it fixed. When they called they said I could bring it in over the weekend and they would take care of it. So, as much as I appreciate the good customer service of the manager, I really wish it just would've been done right the first time.  Time is money, which I don't have much of either.....and for $119, I was hoping the job would be done right and right the first time.
5	Great place, they do pretty much everything at a great price. I've had my windows tinted,windshields replaced, and we have the fast passes on both cars. Great deal and great people.
1	Purchased a $59.00 Groupon for a discounted "Exterior Buff and Wax Detailing ($119 Value)"                                Was told it would take one and a half to two hours to perform the detail, and no appointment needed. I left for a quick lunch and came back in 30 minutes to find my big SUV completed. What? Immediately, I noticed they missed many bug marks and bird poops all over, and the roof was rough (not waxed). After they spent 15 minutes cleaning, I requested a wax redo. They returned 10 minutes later to tell me my two year old Honda Pilot needed a "Clay Bar" treatment on the top for an extra $20.  I said no, just wax it so I can leave. The manager gave me a free basic car wash card for my trouble. What a rip!
5	Hayden was very helpful and knowledgable. I tried tipping him and he refused. Awesome place, excellent service.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE. The best three words I could use to explain the service, quality and accountability. Bug guts galore still left on my car and when I confronted the head of the "finish line" he wiped it a little and that was it. I could easily wipe the bugs off with a finger, and the cherry air freshener smells like cough syrup. I purchased the supreme wash and the service at the front was impeccable and friendly. Thoroughly disappointed with the quality of the wash and UNWILLINGNESS to fix their mistakes. WILL NOT return here and will be sure to suggest no one else comes. Great atmosphere. Unsatisfied with the finished product.
5	Great place.  I have the monthly membership and can use the express lane to get in and out quick, and when I upgrade to the ultimate wash they always do a great job.  The staff are very friendly and go above and beyond to satisfy their customers!
