5	I don't get my nails done very often but in the summer I like to at least keep my feet looking a little bit less like a Sasquatches.  Since I've found this place I have not given my business to anyone else.  This place used to be a hair salon, but now it's just nails with some waxing done in the back.  It is clean and well kept and it doesn't have that overwhelming nail salon smell you get at most places.  Every staff member has always been friendly and even if they are busy they will get you started in one of their massaging chairs.  They have a couple of flat screens, so there is always something to watch plus the pedicure chairs usually have magazines to read as well.  Yesterday I got the best pedicure of my life.  Granted the place was a bit slow so Paul had more time to spend with me.  My goodness the massage was the best, he really put some muscle into it.  He said he was going to rub me till I stopped being ticklish.  I even got a hand massage even though I didn't get a manicure.  There have been times the staff will pass out little bottles of water while you wait for your toes to dry.  The pedicures are only twenty-two dollars and it really is money well spent, my feet look and feel amazing.
5	I have been shopping around for salons for awhile now, never completely happy with any one I go to.  I have not gone anywhere is after trying this salon.  The star is very friendly and nice. I have not had to wait too long for service and this is the only place where I don't feel rushed. The staff actually takes their time, pampers you, and engaged you in conversation. I feel totally relaxed when i come here. They do a great job whenever I go and I never feel pressured to purchase any services I don't want. This is the only place I go now.
4	I just moved here from the Bay Area and I've been hesitant about going to nail salons here: A. I have a nail salon back home that does the best pedicures, so my expectations are high and B. they only do it for $20.  They have other services for cheap, call them up.  Anyway, came in and loved it.  The chick, whose name I don't know, did an awesome job.  There was still something missing when I compare it to mine back home... Can't figure out what it is.  Maybe I just miss home-I don't know.  For my expectations, I think this is the one of the best Vegas has to offer.
1	CAUTION!!! I HAD TO HAVE SURGERY TO REMOVE PART OF MY TOENAIL!!! I had a pedicure there a few weeks ago and the lady cut my nails way to short, once they stated growing back 5 of them became ingrown... My big toe got infected and I went to the doctor. She said "wow they butchered you, really cut the shit out of your toenails" She then proceeded to numb my toe and remove about half the nail, it was disgusting. I now have 8-10 months of deformity to look forward to. Thanks for the worst pedicure of my life.
5	Absolutely loved this place! Nice and clean with great prices.Vivian did amazing job on my gel nails and im definitely going to be a repeat customer.
5	Had great pedicure today for $20 plus they gave amazing foot massage. Ill be back next month:)
1	I have been contemplating writing this review for about a week and a half now. But my experience here was so overwhelmingly awful and embarassing, that I feel as though people need to know how these people run their business before deciding if they want to go here. I have lived in Vegas for 5 years and this is the absolute WORST experience I have ever had here.My husband and I have been getting pedicures here for about a year. My husband has a condition with his right foot that he has been receiving medical treatment for, but it is very persistent and his doctor told him that it would be good for him to get pedicures to help speed the healing process. Every time we have been here before, they have done a great job and haven't said anything about my husband's problem. We have been very happy with them, and have recommended them to quite a few people.On July 12th, my husband and I brought a friend of ours here. The ladies who normally give us pedicures were not there, so I am guessing they were off that day or on vacation. My husband was first to be helped. After soaking his feet, a lady whom I had never seen before trimmed his toenails, but upon seeing his foot problem started screaming "EWWWWW! What wrong your foot? Infection! Infection! We don't do that here!" Really? I can understand if she wanted to ask somebody else to do it or just told him quietly that she can't help him, but she seriously SCREAMED IT across the entire salon! My husband was very embarrassed, so he told me and my friend that he would just go next door and do some grocery shopping while we finished. And that was that... or so we thought.The rude lady started to work on my feet, and another lady started working on my friend's feet. I would like to mention that I had just received a pedicure less than a month prior to this incident while in California. While she was getting the dead skin off, the rude lady said (very loudly, of course), "Your feet are very dry and calloused." I didn't say anything but I was thinking about telling her "Yes, that's why I am here. Duh!" She then proceeded to show me the skin she got off and chastised me for not taking better care of my feet. She talked about how she takes care of her feet and her husband's feet and blah blah blah. At this point, I was getting pretty fed up. Of course you have to "take care of your feet" when you work at a salon! That's part of your job! And it's a lot easier when you have all of the equipment.At this point, she finally stopped chastising me and turned to chat with her coworker. Do you know how sometimes you have that feeling that people are talking about you? Well this was an occasion where I definitely knew they were talking about me. There was no suspicion about it. And I'm pretty sure it couldn't have been nice, or they would have said it in English.After nearly scalding my legs with a scorching hot towel (I've never had one be that hot before, and I'm pretty sure it was on purpose), and giving me a half-assed massage, my friend and I went to dry our nails. I was apologizing to my friend, saying how they had never been this rude before. The rude lady moved on to another customer and we went to pay with the gentleman that was there. I paid for my pedicure and my friend paid for hers. Then he asked us, "Who pay for him?" I asked, "For who?""Man you come here with""My husband?""Yes.""Oh he didn't get a pedicure. She denied him service." "No, no, you need pay.""What do you mean? He didn't get a pedicure, what am I paying for?""No, no, he get pedicure. You need pay.""But he didn't! You really want me to pay for a foot soak?""Yes, you need pay."At this point, I got a little defensive. Everybody in the salon was watching us argue and I was getting embarrassed. I said, "Umm, no I don't HAVE to pay for squat!" By now the lady who had worked on my friend's feet was standing up there, as well. As soon as I said this they both started yelling at me. "YOU LEAVE NOW! YOU ARE VERY RUDE! GET OUT! DON'T COME BACK!"So my friend and I walked out, and we barely get to the parking lot when the rude lady stops in the middle of a pedicure and CHASES us out the door. She is screaming "That's not how it works! I know my rights! Even if you don't like my service, you still pay!" I said, "No, thats not how it works, if you DON'T receive the service in the first place." Then she started threatening to take me to court (Really? You're going to spend hundreds of dollars to sue me for twenty bucks?) and told us to wait while she called the cops. So my friend and I waited outside and I called my husband to tell him what was going on. In the meantime, the lady who worked on my friend's feet came out and took a picture of us on her phone while the rude lady called the cops. Seriously?My husband ended up giving them ten dollars just to get them to leave us alone, and we left. I am still fuming over this experience. I still cannot believe how unprofessional they were.
1	I was not happy with my experience at all here. I just needed a full set and was expecting them to do a decent enough job but that's not at all what I received. I walked in and I was the only customer there. Another lady walked in not too long after me for an eyebrow waxing but it's not like there was a line for nails to be done. I just felt like the whole thing was rushed. The nail tech I had did up to the acrylic just fine. His work was very good and very perfected, just like my OCD self likes. I felt like everything was straight and smooth. Then when it came time to do the gel polish, I told him I wanted it painted white French and wanted my ring fingers painted a pretty glittery teal they had. I saw a sparkly white he had and wanted that one as well. He told me it wouldn't show up and there was another sparkly white he had that I didn't like as much, but figured it would do. He showed be both colors and the one I didn't like as much was okay but the sparkles I did like, were just a gel top coat. I don't understand why he couldn't have just done that on top but it's a little too late for that. He also told me he'd do the teal French as well and said it would look nicer so I just agreed even though I wanted the full nail painted. I am VERY picky with my nails and will point out any mistake you make because I'm paying for them and have to have them on for 2+ weeks at least. So he goes to paint ONE coat of blue on my nails before he tries to move onto the glitter while other nail salons do AT LEAST 2 because gel is always extremely thin after one coat. I told him I wanted another coat and he obliged. He then messed up the line on my nail and I asked him to fix it and he said he'd fix it with the paint. Needless to say, the line is still messed up. He decided he wanted to use silver glitter on top of my white which I never really like but for some reason I agreed to it. He put one coat on and called it a day. The glitter is very sparse and doesn't look nice at all. I thought it couldn't get any worse until I had to tell him he missed a spot completely on like three of my nails with the top coat. I'm also used to having my nails in the led lamp for at least 45 seconds, but to him, 15 seconds or so sufficed. Over all, my nails look okay from far away but I do not like them up close. I was very unhappy with the way they done.
5	Best nail salon. Does great eyebrows not just one person 2 people Lee is my favorite. Nails are always good. Shop very clean and they are nice.
5	The place I normally go was too busy for my business so I found angel nails! Thank god I did! They are all very nice great pedi and amazing gel mani! They even offer wine and water if you would like! Brian did a great job I will def come back thanks again
1	First visit and last.  Only one person seemed to speak English.  The guy that did both my mani and pedi didn't say two words to me the whole time i was there. The one that did talk to me just tried to up sell me. And didnt tell the tech what i really came in for. Then when i asked for just a buff no polish. They tried to charge me 5 bucks more. WTF saying if i got polish it was included.  Lets not forget the fact that i now have dried blood around nail, where my cuticle bled. Never ever again
