4	I had the veal in white wine sauce with a side of pesghetti in red sauce. I know a lot of people have reservations about eating veal, and how the practice in which they're raised is inhumane and whatnot - I understand, I respect that, but I don't care. I believe animals were meant to be eaten, if not, someone please explain to me why are they so tasty? It would be inhumane if they farmers flooded the barns with Celine Dion's greatest hits album through loud speakers and made the cow wear a party hat - THAT I will not stand for... no offence to Celine as she is a frequent customer to this place - you keep doing your thang girlfriend. The highlight of this plate was the veal itself - obviously. Tender slices of milk-fed veal smothered in white wine sauce, the aroma coming off this plate made my nose drool. Meaty and bovine in taste, the veal was swimming in this sweet sauce that I would have been more than happy to drink as a soup; which says a lot considering, I don't like soup! The pasta as always was perfectly al dente and tossed with the homemade tomato sauce.
5	Want to know what family run trattoria in Italy is like? Go to Tre Marie on Clark ,don't  look out the windows and you are in Italy.Went there last night and was amazed. The food was outstanding,the staff warm and friendly. Just a great place.
1	If I could, I would give a big fucking zero for this restaurant. I went there with my girlfriend on a saturday night hoping for a good italian rustic meal since I heard a lot about this restaurant and read a lot of awesome review. So first of all the bread was dry, the butter was tempered but served in cafeteria plastic cup (I mean seriously?!?!). We received our starter pretty fast (that's prolly the only good thing I noticed), I had the minestrom soup witch was under seasoned, more like a potato soup with overcooked veggies and a pinch of parsley to decorate in the middle so welcome back in the 90s. My gf had the mixed salad witch was soaked in the dressing..there was like a puddle of dressing in the bottom of the bowl at the end when she was done eating it. Then we received our main course (we both ordered the parmigiana veal with tomato sauce spaghetti on the side). Spaghetti was well cooked but not fresh (YES! NOT FRESH MADE PASTA IN A TRUE ITALIAN RESTAURANT), the tomate sauce was soo acid that it needed another 2 hours of cooking minimum. It tasted like a soup can or the bottom of a dishwasher water..it's like there was no garlic, no basil and needed more olive oil to make it more silky since it was a bit granny. The parmigiana veal was not freshly made because the crumb was soggy, the veal was tough and overcooked...well a Michelina's at 2.39$ at the grocery store would be more satisfied than that. Then the server asked us if we wanted cheese on our pasta so we said yes. He bring some fucking already shredded parmesan witch was kraft parmesan or something like that. There is no way it was grana padano or regiano because it tasted like shit. Service was totaly absent, we had to fill our wine glasses ourselves and they never came to ask us if everything was fine. Seriously , this restaurant is a big fucking joke and if Rosina was in the kitchen that night then I'm sorry sweetheart but it's time retire.  I will never come back and you should avoid this place at all cost.
4	After trying to find a spot for my family, we stumbled upon this casual trattoria. The ambience was 'homey' and quaint. The food was delicious, simple, and consistently good amount all dishes ordered. We had the lasagna which was good and the rigotoni with meatballs. A little sauce-y, but good.
4	Quaint Italian restaurant in the heart of Little Italy. True Italian ambience.  Family run business.  We were there for lunch. Restaurant very busy but staff all working hard and incredibly friendly. I had Fish with Brodo to start.  Fish was well prepared. Not 'to die for' but I would get it again.  The Brodo was awesome!  Definitely try this if you are here.Overall, a very nice lunch experience at a true Italian restaurant run by people who care.
