5	I'm really lazy; It's not that I don't want to work out-it's just that I have to "work" at working out that is the problem..anyway..my husband looked into this whole crossfit thing and decided to try it.He loves it..breathes it..and I decided to give it a go.I can't say I'm loving it because as I said, I'm lazy..but this is probably exactly what I need. A detailed program that will give me results. My husband looks amazing and feels great (not that he didn't already).Jared is a great motivator and the new location is great for us.Crossfit is going to whip my lazy butt into shape!
5	I have signed up on Yelp specifically to rave about CrossFit Uprising.  The only reason I have given it 5 stars is because they wouldn't let me give it 6.  I have been working out for 15 years and have been a member at dozens of facilities in multiple states, but this one is by far the awesomest.  That's right, awesomest!  All of the workouts are simple enough that anyone can do them, but it is up to you to bring the intensity.  Jared and the CFU family provide all of the tools and motivation to achieve your fitness goals and help push you toward those goals.  Because of the great community atmosphere at CFU, the workouts are the hardest I have ever done, and the most fun I have ever had exercising, which I could have never imagined. Since joining a few months ago, I have watched my weight drop and my strength and endurance increase greatly.  And as my wife, Michelle, stated in an earlier review, I "look amazing." (Her words, not mine.)The greatest thing about CrossFit Uprising is that anyone can get results there, from elite athletes to someone who has not worked out in 20 years, or ever.  All you need is a decent attitude (doesn't even have to be great) and a willingness to learn.
5	Crossfit can seem intimidating. But at Uprising everyone including all the trainers are so helpful and encouraging you don't have time to feel inadequate. All you feel is pride in your new found abilities. In the beginning I would look at the WOD and think I could never do that. At the end of the WOD I was so proud of myself and everyone else is sharing in that excitement with you. I have been to other gyms and the people can make or break your experience. I could never say enough good things about Uprising.
5	The people are like family, and the workouts are for all levels & ages. Very encouraging environment & the only gym I've stuck with!
5	Great work out with great people. No matter your skill level they are there to help you through the process. Jared and his staff are amazing and they care about you more than the money you give him. No matter if you are in great shape or looking ot get started  Crossfit Uprising is a great place to start changing who you are.
5	I own 2 gyms in Southern California and anytime I travel to the Phoenix area to visit family I make sure to drop-in at CrossFit Uprising..they've become a home-box away from my home-box. It is far and away the best gym in the area (I've visited 5 so far in over the last 4 years) with quality coaching and top-notch facilities and equipment. Jared the owner obviously cares about his athletes and works hard to make you feel welcome even as a visitor. There are no elite attitudes or egos here just a small family feel that helps make suffering through the workouts fun! Do yourself a favor and try CF Uprising out if you're in the area or looking for a new gym, I promise you won't be disappointed!!
5	Uprising isn't just a gym, it's a community of people that push you to be your best.  I've met so many wonderful people here.  The workouts beat anything I've ever done outside of crossfit.  I'm so happy with the constant results and gains.  I highly recommend getting your fitness on at CFU.
5	Anytime we are in town visiting family we always make it a point to drop-in to CrossFit Uprising--and they have become our crossfit family! The community here is always so friendly and welcoming and the programming and coaching is second to none. I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone that interested in trying crossfit...they are great for beginners and experienced crossfitters a like!
