5	I heard from another mom about this place and I think they are awesome. From the very start. Since a week my child has the Hanger helmet and I will update on how things will go as to follow ups. They were able to schedule us very fast and appointments go so smoothly. Measuring his head was done is such a easygoing and child friendly way.When doing so, they even asked me if my child ever had experienced seizures, before using any flashing toys, which was of no concern at Cranial as it seems to be routine. It much more personable from the start. And the price: 60% cheaper than Cranial Technologies.
5	Yay, we are done since this week, with an awesome 5 mm result. That said,  the mom that went with Cranial, let them have her child stop at 7 mm difference. It only took us 3 weeks  to go from 7 to 5 and really shows a difference. When there were issues ( growing faster, so needed adjustment sooner), we always could come in the next day. During the summer they were a bit understaffed, but highly recommended over Cranial Technologies. ( Who needs the calendar anyways). So greater services at a lower price. Yay for Gina and Gretchen.
1	I went to an urgent care for a sprained foot. The urgent care provided me an air cast ankle stirrup (even though I sprained my foot!) that sells at Wal Mart for about $47 retail . Hangar Orthotics dba Elite Care billed my insurance $149.00 Insurance paid 74.50 as that was deemed reasonable and customary. I received a bill for the balance which is illegal in AZ where I live. ARS 20-1072. I wonder how many people receive these bills and pay them not knowing? I called up to dispute the amount, and although my call was third I have been waiting 94 minutes with an automated message saying my call is next ... it is now 4:59pm on Friday, I am doubting I will get an answer even though it has been saying my call is next for over an hour. It is too bad YELP does not have a way to give a business ZERO stars I waited until 5:30 and it kept saying I was next. They should have a way of giving NEGATIVE stars
5	This Hanger Pediatrics is top notch for Cranial Banding! Chris is knowledgeable, professional, and truly cares about the well being of your child. This is the second go around using Hanger for cranial bands and once again we couldn't be in better hands.
