4	They have always done an excellent job! I recommend
1	D O   N O T   G O   H E R E!!! I run a business where we often refer people to tailors if we can't alter their clothing within their schedule. We often used to send people to Monetti but our customers have had three really bad experiences. First customer was charged $150 for next day service when they were initially quoted about $40. Out second customer received such bad work the suit pants were not wearable nor were we able to fix the mistake. The third customer was told they would need to spend over $300 dollars for alterations, the things they said the suit needed are procedures that don't exist. They will take advantage of someone in need. Monetti is SKUM!
2	I've gone to Monetti's for alterations to a formal gown and jeans. Both were pretty "meh" experiences. The jeans were fine, but because I chose to have the original hem sewn back on, they constantly flip up. The dress was a little bit more problematic. I was pregnant at the time so I bought a larger dress, which had to be taken up and in in the bodice. They did that just fine, but somehow managed to shrink the armholes (I couldn't really bring my arms down). They fixed the problem, but charged me for the fix. Needless to say, I wasn't thrilled.
5	Best tailor in Madison! Fast and professional service!  I won't go anywhere else!
5	Monetti's is the equivalent of a fairy godmother waving a wand over your wardrobe & making it everything you dreamed of.  It's true... a great tailor can be your closet's best friend.  While they are a bit on the pricey side, the quality is well worth it.  I'm petite but not short enough to qualify for the actual "petite" section.  They have been able to transform alot of clothes I would have otherwise passed over thinking "gorgeous but too long/short/waist is too big/etc."  Do yourself a favor... hit the sales racks, scoop up some serious deals that need tweaking & have them work their magic.  A very satisfied customer for 4 years.
5	I have been using Monetti's for the last four years or so on wide range of projects - both lowering and raising hems, replacing zippers on dresses, changing a wide leg pant to a more polished narrow leg, etc.  They were also absolutely fantastic on altering a sale jacket that I just had to have that was too wide in the hips and waist and too short in the arms.  Always a wonderful job and always wonderful service.
5	I bought the suit I'd be wearing at my wedding, took it to an incredibly highly rated tailor in Los Angeles, and discovered that he had trimmed about 2 inches too many off the ankles and made a handful of other ill-placed cuts. In short, I was going to have to wear exaggerated capri pants. Getting married in Spring Green, WI, I arrived in town with 2 days to spare, and the folks at Monetti worked with limited fabric to salvage my suit and masterfully repair the damage caused in Los Angeles. They were excellent in craftsmanship, amiable in customer interaction, and incredibly fast at what they do.I cannot thank them enough, and should have written this review months ago! They saved my wedding. Or at least what I wore to it.
