5	The Raw Salon is an out of the way salon that a friend suggested to me. The last time my hair got a little out of control, I decided to give them a try. Rod and Will (RAW, get it?) were very friendly to me when I walked in off the street and asked for a hair appointment. It was very short notice and they couldn't take me at that exact moment because of other customers that were already ahead of me. They were able to get me in a couple of hours later and did a great job on my hair.  Of course, my hair looks like I combed it with a giant salad fork on most days but this in no way is a negative comment on Rod's haircutting technique than it is a negative comment on how much effort I put into my hair. He gave me a fantastic haircut at a fair price.Next time I'll be sure to call ahead and schedule an appointment like a person with any sense of decency would. That's just part of exploring your neighborhood though. Sometimes you just have to dive in head first and give some new place a shot!
5	My hair is utter crap. Let me get that out of the way...It is the kind of hair you would expect to find on a 2 year old; superfine baby hair that seems to be really hard to cut properly. Unless a stylist knows what they are doing, I end up with uneven cuts, random bits of hair sticking up when they are not supposed to, and other unintentional features that basically suck. This is why when my long time sylist moved out-of-state, I avoided getting my hair cut until my burgeoning mullet could no longer be ignored. I happened upon the Raw Salon because I live a stone's throw from it. I didn't have an appointment and had to catch a plane to Chicago in 3 hours. They worked me in,  and I got a great haircut at a good price.
5	When the person who had been cutting my hair mysteriously disappeared and an impending job interview forced me to find somebody new, I called Raw one afternoon and Will gave me an appointment forty-five minutes later.  I was pretty shaggy but I needed to look clean cut and professional.  Will did a fantastic job recommending a new cut that fit my expectations, explaining not only what he thought would look good but also the techniques he would use to make it happen.  He spent the time to make sure it was done right.  I couldn't be more satisfied with the service he provided.
5	He cut me, he blew me, he did amazing things with his wide barrel shaft!  He got me high, then brought me back down so expertly and smoothly!  Now, if only I can find a man to say that about in a NOT "haircut at the salon" context!Yesterday I went to get my hair done by Terre Steed, who has recently joined the crew at RAW.The space is exactly what it should be.  A nice, small salon.  Great colors and placement.  Notably clean!  Good selection of product without being "in your face."  Friendly people!My hair was admittedly a MESS.  It's been over a year since I've really gotten my hair done by a true pro - I've been getting trims at the beauty school and great clips as needed every few months - but no one I trusted for more than a trim.  I told Terre I wanted to keep the length, and becuase of my natural curls, should probably have some layers put in.  He agreed - and went to town!  For the first time in my life, I actually felt like a supermodel when he was done.  For the first time in my life, I actually thought I was HOT!So yes, the salon is worth 5 stars.  The quality and value is definitely there!  The ego boost is worth 10 stars!  I actually cried (happy tears)when I got home and was playing with my hair in the mirror.  Who knew I could actually love my hair?Thank you, Terre!!  As long as you're in the biz and I have a job, my mane is yours for life!
5	This place is great.  Terre has been cutting my hair for years and I wouldn't trust anyone else with my crazy curls.  He always does a great job and gives me exactly what I ask for.  Great Serivce at a Great Price!!
5	Terre is WONDERFUL! I've been going to him for a couple years and I'm happy that he's at a new place.  Everyone's really nice.  The salon is neat, clean and well appointed. I totally want to sit on the couches (ok, I want to nap on the couches). I've been coloring my hair for over 15 years (premature gray) and no one does color as well as Terre.  Its AMMMMMMMAZING.  He's also the only one who's ever showed me how to style my hair properly.  He taught me tricks to make my hair look amazing with little effort.  My dream would be to have him do my hair and makeup for something, anything...he is a MAC diva and has great style.  BEST cut. BEST color. I'm a show-stopper when I leave.
4	was a very nice place to go, the hair artists were so nice and professional. I left very happy with my new hair style.... I'm making this my new hair studio!!!!! give it a shot.
5	This review is really for the hidden treasure that is the little nail salon inside Raw. Sally who is one of best nail people I know and I recommend her to all my friends. She works only by appointment and one client at a time so you know your in for top service. I hope you'll give her a buzz and that you have a great experience like I have.~Zoe
5	Terre is one of the few people in this world I trust my hair to.  I've lived in California and New York and still travel back here to have him do my hair!  He's great at what he does and he's just great to hang out with for an hour.
5	Feeling kind of blah? Don't know what to do with your hair?Call Terre Steed. He is BRILLIANT at what he does! He takes care of you and teaches you how to maintain between visits. He loves what he does and you will too! On top of that, he's hilarious. That's a plus.Call him! He's gonna make you feel amazing!
5	I have been a customer since the salon opened 10 years ago. The owners Will & Rod provide quality hair care in a fun atmosphere. Won't go anywhere else ever!
5	It's been about 2.5 years since I added my review for RAW Salon - and Terre Steed.The salon recently relocated to a larger space at Central and Thomas.Still five stars for cleanliness, decor, product selection/availability, friendliness and of course, end result!Last Saturday was the grand opening party. In addition to a cocktail and munchies, I received a gratis blow-out from Steven - who it seems I have known half my life, though we just met. Fantastic personality - fantastic blow-out!Yesterday I got a cut from Terre. As always - amazing job and he is so easy to trust with my tresses. I look great and feel great. He works minor miracles and makes it seem to effortless. Amazing talent!Love the new space - love the salon - LOVE my Terre! (But I am willing to share! Talent this big is too much for me to keep to myself!)
5	Beautiful and classy place! I've been a client of Steven's for a few years and followed him to this salon. He is a great stylist with a caring and friendly attitude. Highly recommend!
5	Rod is amazing! Reliable and AWESOME haircuts! A must see!
5	Just made my second appointment with Will.  It's been about 5 weeks since my first haircut.  He did an amazing job on my thin, baby fine hair and it grew out beautifully.  He took his time, explained why he was using the techniques he used and  appreciated that I brought in several pictures of similar cuts I liked and didn't like.  Very professional.
5	Terre is the best color magician and stylist. The salon staff is terrific. Highly recommend this salon!
5	Trying to establish a hair dresser can be so frustrating at times But I called and scheduled an appointment with Rod & Will a couple weeks ago looking for a change and so glad I did :-) I went with a much shorter style than I have ever worn in my life and they did an amazing job on the cut & color both!! Thank you both, my daughter & I will be seeing you again soon :-)
4	I came here to get a cut and color from Melanie. I've only been seeing her for a year, but she always knows exactly what I want. The salon is clean and everyone is really friendly. There are no major bells and whistles, but this place definitely gets the job done--well.Overall, if you're in the market for a solid cut and/or color, consider heading to Raw Salon.
5	I have been faithful to my hairdresser for many years. My daughter tried this salon using a Groupon. I loved the work that MELANIE did so much, I made an appoinment for myself. She has over 20 years of experience and it shows. She had some great suggestions on how to achieve the look I wanted , without adding too much to my already overprocessed hair. She "thinks outside the box", and seems to take pride in her work.  The salon is a neat, cool, downtown atmosphere. Both my daughter and I will be back again!
1	Scheduled a cut with Rod because of his good reviews on Yelp. I told him that I was growing out my hair and asked for a trim. He spent 10-12 minutes cutting my hair, during which I lost 3-5 inches of hair. My hair looked horrible and resembled an 80s mullet. I went to another salon (Snapdragon) to get it fixed - the ladies there were shocked and confused by his (lack of) technique - and I had to have more hair cut to fix the damage from Rod. So much for growing it out..
5	This is the best salon in Midtown/central corridor. The staff are friendly accommodating and professional.Highly recommended! Oh, they are good for talk therapy too :-)
