4	This is a Burger King that you will not find on the Burger King web site. No idea why since it has been here for maybe a year. Well anyway I was driving back from a listing and for some reason pulled in here, I am not one to patronize Burger King, but I did.I ordered the Steak House Burger combo. They were very quick in getting this out the drive through window. Oh and yes the window person was polite.The burger is an odd looking thing, very flat and wide, larger than the bun oh and also quite thin. It is piled high with fried onions, lettus, tomato, sauce and cheese. It has a decent taste but for some reason it felt as if I were eating a mutant burger. The fries were fine I guess. I am not much for fries so not an expert.  For me this burger is too much food, a good one to share. Hmm why do I order a combo if do not like fries, I will have to remember not too next time.
3	Always clean, friendly staff. Take my child to play-place here now & then.
4	Kudos to this location for pulling of a great fundraising event for my sons elementary school. I only attended this location because my son's school used them for a fundraiser. 10% of the sales were being donated to an elementary school. I opted to park and dine in because it has an indoor play ground. The parking lot is pretty small. They share a lot with a plaza which has at least 2-3 more stores. The drive through access is a little awkward, but what fast food place isn't now-a-days. Anyway, upon entering I initially thought long line, long wait. Well, they had workers stationed all throughout the restaurant to offer assistance which was very helpful. I was able to find a table for my family and the manager made sure to bring my food which is not usual for a fast food place. I was impressed. There was not much moving space in the dining area. I am not sure if they added more tables because of the event or not. There was staff always visible cleaning and assisting the guests which was great. The food quality was good. They got my order correct and it was still hot when I was eating it.
5	Good location with excellent staff! My daughters school does fundraiser nights here often. Always a great experience here!
