1	I went to this Jared location (Sat Feb 5th) looking for my fiance's wedding ring.  I knew exactly what I wanted... the Prime line of Scott Kay's newest Cobalt men's wedding rings.  Unfortunately, none of the associates working knew what I was talking about.  The conversation quickly went downhill as I tried to explain over and over the SK Cobalt line was fairly new, how I recently saw it at the Phoenix Bridal Expo and that it was featured separately from the main SK website.  Imagine my frustration as I was told the following -"Well cobalt is blue""Cobalt?  When I hear that it makes me think of radioactive material""Well we don't have anything in cobalt but I'd be happy to sell you one of our rings instead"More was said but those were the highlights.The associates said they would call and ask headquarters about the ring.  They took down my contact information and promised to call me back by Tues (Feb 9).  But, it's now Feb 17 and guess what... NO CALL BACK.  I had a feeling not to wait around so the very next day (Feb 7) I went to the other Jared store located off of the I-10 and Ray Rd.  I was able to order my fiance's ring - no problem.   l also learned that the Ray Rd location is the only Jared's in AZ to carry the SK Cobalt line.  If only the Val Vista location handled my situation better - I wouldn't have even bothered with this review but the experience (it was my first experience with Jared by the way) was awful so here it is.1 star for the Val Vista location and 5 for the Ray location.
5	I love this location! Go see Ivy or Lucky. They are both amazing, attentive, informative sales people. We have had the best service there. Ivy is our family jeweler, but Lucky is coming in a close 2nd. They have a great selection of jewelry, and they always take care of us.
5	Awesome store and very friendly. Ivy is the best! I have been shopping at Jared's for a long time and never had a problem!
1	Worst customer service EVER. Thank god I spend my 10k somewhere else. Glad they only got $250 out of us for my ring.  Could not care less that we were customers.
4	I recently stopped to shop for a yet to be revealed large purchase. It was about 7:30 on a Friday night and the building seemed closed - but it was open until 9. When I entered I was greeted by an employee who was very helpful. As I continued to shop I received input from the rep, another employee, one of the jewelers, and even a fellow customer. They were all very helpful, showed me many options, calculated the financial breakdown. I ordered my product and received it a few days later. It was a very easy experience with a friendly, knowledgeable staff.
5	We go to Jared! We have followed Ivy from another location to this one when she transferred. She has assisted us with nearly every jewelry purchase we have made over the last 11 years.The sales people are always friendly, offer you water and sometimes they have snacks too!The service and repair section is competent and thorough.  We get the service plans on our purchase - especially time pieces because of lifetime battery replacement. We do not go ANYWHERE else for our jewelry wishes!  Thanks Ivy!
