4	Many an Edinburgh pub finds its way into the hearts of its clientele and the original Brass Monkey, just off South Bridge, is firmly in that category. Curiosity and some trepidation accompanied news that there is now a second pub to carry the name: an expansionist policy from an old familiar with unique charms? Fortunately much of the atmosphere and character has travelled well and this is a lovely place to sit, drink and meet old friends.The staff were friendly, relaxed and there were plenty of hands on deck. Plenty of drinkers too, but without making the place feel as crowded as the original can quickly become. A wide selection of drinks, Monster Munch and who knows what else are available - I'm told that the tradition of showing films has also made it across town.Well worth a visit and a fine addition to Leith Walk, mid-way between Joseph Pierce's and Boda.
4	New place taken from the other Brass Monkey in the Newington area.  It has a casual and friendly atmosphere with good beers on draught.  Recommended.
5	Why hello Mr Monkey, you are looking awfully fine tonight.Wow, was I blown away when I walked in here. I've been to the original Brass Monkey in the Old Town a few times, and was expecting something much the same. The Old Town Brass Monkey is a traditional pub, a bit creaky, shared men-and-women toilets, a bit sticky but still nice with friendly staff and kept-up well.This Brass Monkey, however, has a style that I like a lot. It still has the dark wood and familiar feeling of a local, but it is just...so...nice. I mean, wow. It is a new bar and it feels new, but not shiney or soulless. There's huge armchairs for big groups, wee high tables, a big bar which meant there were never any awkward crowds or queues, and it really is huge inside so we didn't struggle at all to find a table and sofa combo for our party of 6. You could easily get a party of 12 around the corner tables.It's just...nice here. Really. Even the toilets almost took my breath away, for the right reasons. They're absolutely stunning! Can't really describe why, you need to see them for yourself. But very well maintained, beautifully decorated with class and style.The style of this place is traditional, but with the finesse of a nicer bar than a 'boozer'. The staff are really friendly and efficient, glasses were cleared but they weren't in our face.Oh and the food, Kerrin R's burger looked too good. They have burgers, pizzas, sandwiches and do breakfasts. Along with a Sunday Hangover movie at midday. Um...yes please. If I were closer this would so become my local. In fact, I want it to be my local now. I don't have a local in Edinburgh and this could be it -and it doesn't even do cocktails. Those who know me know what a sacrficie it is to choose a bar that doesn't do cocktails as my local, but the Brass Monkey has persuaded me with its comfy couches, tasty food, nice staff, beautiful surroundings, great pub quiz on a Monday night and all right awesomeness. New favourite pub? I think so.
5	I don't want to talk about how much I like this place. It's kind of like being attracted secretly to your boyfriend's younger brother. You would never, ever seriously consider cheating on your boyfriend with his brother... but on occasion, when you have had a couple of glasses of wine with the family, you make an overt sexual reference in front of the whole table about how you'd trade... and oops - AWKWARD. I crush on this Brass Monkey big time, but it's not loyal, trustworthy and right around the corner like the other Brass Monkey. Sure it sells food, but do you really care? Sure, it has Brooklyn Lager for 3 pounds... but you can live without Brooklyn Lager if you have a local where you know all the bartenders and you can stroll in hungover. Sure, it's a LOT more spacious and comfy and more adorable Aussies frequent it... but what's that when you've got the same warm loving person in your bed every night - FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE... sorry, I'm crossing analogies. You get the point. This place is awesome. But not enough awesome to pull me away from the original. If you live a block from BM - Leith I assume you'll feel the same way about my Brass Monkey.
4	I have always been a fan of the original brass money, so have been looking for an excuse to check out the new one and finally got around to it.  While the original had a fair few flaws, it had a great character and feel about it.  The new one manages to keep the character and charm, but irons out many, if not all of the niggles.This new one in Leith is much, much bigger than the original, with plenty of space for  people to sit, plenty of space for people to move and plenty of space for people to get served at the bar.  It would cater just as well for a couple having a quiet drink to a large crowd looking to have a catch up.  I went around lunchtime and while it was quiet, it didn't feel empty.  The range of comfy furniture (mainly old style chairs and sofas with big and small tables) which gave it a very homely feel.They have a great selection of drinks, a good menu, good tunes and friendly staff.This is definitely the kind of place that you could find yourself "stopping" in for one and then spending the day there, as they have designed it so you feel at home from the second you walk in and I will be looking forward to returning very soon.
4	Want a pint in a good bar on Leith Walk without any hassle?  Look no further than The Brass Monkey.This pub has the feel that you're still in your own living room with comfy sofas that you'll have to peel yourself off but obviously it is a bar which means no washing up or cleaning the next day:)Friendly locals, comfy atmosphere and fairly cheap drinks - it'd be rude not to!
4	A bit overdueCame here with other Yelpers for the pub quiz night...Big space, comfy chairs and friendly staff! Quite lovely.Be warned! Don't trust Google maps to get here, I was led to a random parking lot behind the bar.
4	Brass Monkey Leith is awesome! I love the fact that they have so many sofas and armchairs to sink into and just relax over a pint of something or a coffee. The place is very much as a living room of a 1800 Edinburgh professor with non sticky leather sofas and arm chairs, ambient lights and great variety of music from old school to present pop and rock. The staff is great and friendly and makes one feel welcome and more at home rather then away, nice. The food is actually very creative here. Its pub food taken to another level with fresh ideas on how to make and present a hot dog, wish I had taken a picture to show it. And the cool thing is that it is the friendly chef that brings the food out to the table and as I have nut allergy it is great to get the confidence boost confirmation from the actually chef that there is no tiny way that a peanut has actively rolled around in my hot dog baguette.Another yeah point - they have a flight of the concord poster up on the wall!!!And the yelp pub quiz is great fun! We actually came on 3ed place this time and I can smell the victory creeping on!!!
4	This is a little treasure. I had always walked past it and thought it didnt  look  up to much fromthe outside but on entering you find an old fashioned, quirky pub full of eclectic seatingsofas and chairs and is a whole lot bigger than it looks from the outsideA nice comfy establishment to eat, drink and be merry!! Oh and not expensive either so you can get ultra merry ....well it is nearly the season of jollyness :)
4	I attended a very enjoyable evening at Brass Monkey Leith last night. I like the space. It's comfortable and the bar is very cool. I really like the fact that you can sit at the bar and not feel like you are in the way (on a week night at least!). I always feel that if you can do this it's a bar with good atmosphere.We didn't have food, just a bunch of drinks, but there was a good craft beer selection which was great for me, and a decent number of wines for my drinking assistant. The food did look excellent so I'll have to head there again at some point for a burger.Only complaint was that there are screens at either end of the bar and that's pretty distracting if they're just showing old movies. I'm find with having a "movie night" or something but just turn em off if it's just random crap on there!
5	I think my review here is definitely due an update. Yes, it's still at  the same top-of-the-class 5 star rating. But since my first review I've been back many, many, many times and sampled many of what the Monkey Leith has to offer. Namely:- Dr Paul pub quiz on a Monday night, 7pm. Awesome. He's a legend, brilliant banter, staff are up for it, but the neighbours upstairs hate it.- Good pub grub. Not gastropub food, pub grub. The veggie chilli (either as is, or on nachos) is amazing! Chickpeas and beans and nom. Most recently, the filled potato skins with chicken & salsa, and houmous & feta, were really tasty.- Friendly bar staff. Friendly customers. Generally a friendly place (where everyone knows your name. Yeah, that.)- I'm not a big ale / beer drinker, but I know they have a lot here. Ask others who know better, but they def have a good range and lots of local stuff too.- Movies. The Monkey pubs are known for their movie connections (not sure where that started) but they show movies all the time (admittedly with music over the top) and I think on a Sunday still properly screen a movie.So yeah, I really, really like the Monkey Leith. It's quite different to its older brother up on Drummond Street (the original Brass Monkey). That one is more populated my students and regulars and is a vortex where you can get lost for hours drinking, with great craic. It's small and cosy and a squash at the bar.Whereas this Monkey Leith is much bigger, huge in fact, with a massive bar but plenty room around it. The toilets don't smell, and aren't shared (referring back to the original Monkey, where they do and they are) the furnishings are new and it's really quite swish. There's loads of room, loads of comfy sofas, loads of tables. Just loads of space generally, so even if it's packed you'll still have room to yourself.I just wish it were closer, as it's on Leith Walk so out of the way for me, but well worth the bus ride.
5	.... on Friday evening place looked like a kind of students, young professional's pub which is nice surprise in the middle of Leithwalk. ... inside: comfy seats, lots of space, 4 screens if you fancy for movie with subtitles and good selection of drinks. definitely Im going to visit this place soon...
5	Great pub - could well be my new favourite local!  To be honest, I've never been to any other pubs on Leith Walk as many of them are....how should I put it....uninviting!  And I've only been to the Brass Monkey twice on a Monday for Dr Paul's pub quiz.  However, it's made an impression.  Cheap drinks - wine, beer, shots, cocktails; you name it.  And the food is not half bad either - highly recommended nachos as well as the usual pub favourites.  Then there's the awesome Monday pub quiz - starts at the reasonable time of 7pm, easy to follow format, challenging, but not ridiculously hard and most of all Dr Paul makes it highly entertaining with a bit of banter with the punters.  Music in the background was some beaut 80's hits and Wimbledon on the big screen.  What's not to love.
3	I always enjoy going to the Brass Monkey Leith. It's practically on my doorstep and not a bad pub to head to on a Monday for the Pub Quiz with Dr. Paul. The food is mostly quite good, I think there have only been a handful of times I was disappointed (like when the kitchen was closed randomly in the middle of an afternoon, or when they ran out of sweet potato fries). I have never been for any other events other than the pub quiz and the occasional random pint or two so I can't really rate the pub much more than three stars at the moment. Although I am a fan on facebook, I haven't really been informed as to what was happening within the pub. They have that massive screen in the back, are there ever any movie nights? I know occasionally they also have open mike night, but again, I've yet to experience these evenings. Overall its a nice pub, with good food, and friendly staff on pub quiz night Monday.
3	The Brass Monkey on Leith Walk is probably the closest thing I have to a local, not that I'm here every night or even every week, but when friends who live locally suggest going for a drink (often a birthday) it's here we end up. It's also the location of many after-work drinks for my boyfriend and his colleagues. We keep coming back, so they must be doing something right!If I'm eating here I'll tend to go for the chilli nachos, which they usually do pretty well, although they've never been served the same way twice. The chilli most recently was a little below par, but still fairly decent for the price. The various other meals always look pretty decent, the hot dogs are big and the soup serving generous, for example. Fine dining it ain't, but it's better than a lot of pub grub and vegetarians are well served.There's always a buzz, and the pub quiz (one of Edinburgh quiz master Dr Paul's regular nights) is a lot of fun. If we walk in here, we'll usually spot somebody that we know - for us it's that kind of place.But it's still 3 stars, not 4. There's nothing bad about the Brass Monkey, and I like it a lot, but 3 stars is 'A-OK' and I think that really sums up how I feel about this place.
4	This is what my brain did to me when I entered through the front door of the Brass Monkey: *slap* WHY! *slap* Haven't *slap* You *slap* visited the Brass Monkey before ?! *raised eyebrows + scowl* mmh?! Well? Any excuses?! *shines blinding light in face*I am ashamed to say that I passed so many times and promised myself that I would - but I didn't - I carry the eternal shame of being late to the party. Luckily for me this 'party' is still in full swing. I may be late, but I didn't feel I missed out. (Well ..ish.. I wasted so many years that I could have used visiting this place) I like the atmosphere, the comfy sofas, the leather Chesterfields that are obviously made for giants. All I wanted was to A: curl up on one of the armchairs B: have a beer close by and C: read a book. A&B accomplished I used my Playbook for C instead.So that was me playing games whilst curled up in a massive chair. Bliss. I'll make a serious effort to go here more often.
4	I was very pleasantly surprised at how nice this pub is. It's roomy, the seating is set out nice for relaxing and chatting. Relaxed atmosphere with a mixed crowd in it. Leith prices with an uptown feel. The bar staff were excellent, polite and attentive. I would definitely go back.
4	All round good boozer. Great music selection, god seating areas (including a wee bit of seating outside), and good food (but a little large). And there I'd a bus stop right outside.
5	This great pub was a short walk from our B&B on the first night of our 2 1/2 week holiday in Scotland, and my two sons could not have had a better introduction to the age-old tradition of Scottish pubs than this one. Excellent beer selection, fine single malt selection, good hearty meals, and *great* live Scottish folk tunes, traditional and original from a lady named Cera Impala and her friends. If I ever have the good fortune to be in Edinburgh again, I'm putting The Brass Monkey Leith on the top of my places to which I shall happily return.
