3	What can I say about this place ? I have had several good experiences and several bad experiences here over the years .  All and all , you get what you see . The service is hit or miss depending on who is working . I do feel it is a bit expensive for the quality of food you get . The place is too small especially at the counter area .
3	Really good bagels.  Stopped for a bagel and tea.  Place was crowded but the line moved quickly.  Had a Good Grains bagel with some cream cheese shmear.  Delicious.  Love the green iced tea!.This place is tiny but most get it and go...no not get go! lolHave had soup and bagel sandwich in the past and it was very enjoyable.
1	Junk worse than McDonald. My wife is a fan of this shop in Fairfax VA. Westopped for a quick breakfast. The poppers were stale bagels hard and the worst thing was when they heated the egg omlette in the microwave. For someone who does not use this at home, was a shock.. threw the stuff into the trash can.. the whole thing cost 25$..you decide if it was worth it
3	I am always in Heaven when I go to Ithaca New York, after all, they have Ithaca Bakery there. Listen when I tell you, go to their website and request, demand, beg, do anything you can to get them to open one here in Pittsburgh! Seriously, the whole wheat Long Island bagels are pretty damn fine. Boiled, then baked a little darker than most bagels, then doused with garlic and onion, poppy and sesame seeds. Incredibly delicious! They're California Granola bagels are whole grain and hearty. The Italian bagels are like a mini loaf of Italian bread, covered in oregano, basil, rosemary, and garlic, they put olive oil in the raw dough, bellisimo! Okay, 359 miles southwest we have Pittsburgh with no visible sign of a decent bagel place, well that's not entirely true, Einstein Brothers has a good bagel, not a great bagel. Where Ithaca Bakery has 9 different vegetarian sandwiches, good luck trying to find anything like that here. When I did enjoy meats, my choice here was the Nova Lox with a shmear, tomato, onion on a whole wheat bagel. Not exactly a low cal meal, later I found out it had a whopping 700 calories and over 20 grams of fat. Even with the lite cream cheese this had 600 calories and 12 grams of fat. Now I have a whole grain bagel with hummus. I will say their pretzel bagels are rather good, nice crust and crunch from salt, a chewy center and makes an awesome pizza bagel.Their bagels are pretty expensive, a baker's dozen and a container of cream cheese is over 14 bucks. In a town with a pizza joint on every corner, and an Italian restaurant in every community, you'd think someone would open an authentic bagel place with unique flavors and varieties.
1	What a crock!   The thin bagel (with asparagus/mushrooms, swiss)...you get mostly cheese...it doesn't look at all like the picture on your website depicting a load of asparagus smothered in mushrooms...so full of it; definitely not worth the price. (this was the one in Greentree)
4	I was in Pittsburgh over the summer on vacation & stopped by Einstein to get dozen bagels to go...To my surprise I subscribed to their rewards program & got some FREE stuff. I got a FREE Bagel w/ CC, Here's how you join! Text: ustext ebb7 To: 368674 then reply "yes" to subscribe! My kids got a couple of Smoothies before we headed downtown and everything was delicious! I typically go to Starbucks for Espresso's but I found their's to be just as good with a better price...I now have a new place for coffee and breakfast...
5	Great bagels, sandwiches, soup, and coffee!My favorites are the veg-out bagel sandwich, the bagel dog on onion, and their sour cream potato salad is so good too.If you like all beef hotdogs, you should try the bagel dog. They wrap bagel around the dog. When they heat it up, the juice soaks into that chewy bagel and it is heaven.  Mmm.
