5	Sweet Jesus!  Checker pool and pump rocks.  Exactly the kind of place my  (ex) pool boy hoped I'd never find.  Good prices (free advice) and friendly, honest service.  Eat your heart out paddock, I'll see you at checkers!
5	Knowledgeable staff and an honest business.  They checked out my pool pump and suggested I just replace the seals.  Shasta wanted me to buy a whole new pump.  An inexpensive overhaul and some great pool advice and my pool's working again.  Thanks, Checker!
1	I feel horrble to have to say this to my fellow yelpers, but working with Checker Pool and Pump Supply was a horrible experience.  The whole thing.  From the intial phone call I made to the office to the final installation of the new motor.  Just awful.First the phone call to the office was less than desired. The fellow who answered the phone wasn't terribly helpful and told me that he couldn't schedule anything, but he would send my call to one of his "technicians."  Okay.A couple hours later a technician called. He was abrubt and abrassive in his tone, asking me to describe what was wrong and then interrupting me when he figured out that he knew better than I did what the description was.He came and diagnosed the problem while I was at my office in Chandler. He very tersely told me, "either I come in an hour or on Monday."  I had just come back home to 114 degree weather, so I thought it better he come quickly than wait 5 days.  So he came.Then he called from the car and told me he had taken my motor as it needed to be repaired. I wasn't given a choice.  He just took it.  So now I can't have someone else come out and give me another price quote.  Of course, this fellow still hadn't told me what was wrong or what the price would be - he just took my motor and called me from the car.When he returned on Tuesday (not on Monday as he promised because he said I didn't answer the phone soon enough for him and he couldn't leave the motor without any money from me) he installed a new motor without telling me. He told me on the phone that if he couldn't repair the motor someone would call and quote me the price for a new motor.  I guess not, and what choice did I had - he still had my old motor.  So we were forced to accept the new motor since it was already installed without a price or a pre-installation discussion.He then told us that a pipe was cracked and that the suction for the pool pump was compromised, but he didn't fix it.  Why not offer to fix it?  And after he left, he left our pump clock on for just 2 hours.  Really?  In the summer?  And he didn't tell us the fill valve was also broken.  A cheap 20.00 part that I am sure he had on the truck would have fixed that.The new motor was 289.00 which I am told is very fair, but then they charged 16.50 for shop labor (for what) and nearly 100.00 for the miscellaneous parts needed to install the motor, and 95.00 for his labor.  The price should have been about 385.00 in my opinion.  If he had repaired the plumbing and the fill valve so we didn't have to have someone else come by, I might have thought 580 was fair?  But now we have to have more work done on the pool by another company.This particular technician was so horrible I am afraid to call this company ever again. He was rude to me and to my husband and
1	There was a time, when service at this company was excellent. I have used this company for over 10 years. I went down a couple week ago because my pool sweep wasn't working. The person at the counter, was pathetic when it came to providing service. My wife went back to pick the pool sweep, the guy that waited on her was eating his lunch at the front counter. She said she would never go back there again, because the service was so poor. My pool sweep was under warranty they told me, there was nothing wrong with the sweep, it just need to be cleaned. They charged me 20.00 to clean it. When I put it in the pool it still had the same problem. I took it to Leslie Pool Supply they took it a part while I was there replaced a couple parts put it back together and didn't charge me, because it was still under warranty.  It works now. I have spent my last dollar with Checker.. guess who my new pool company is!
5	I go to Check for all my pool needs. The reviewers that don't like their level of customer service are cry babies! Checker is a bunch of "dudes" that probably don't care if you want good customer service lol. So what if they eat their lunch at the counter, THEY ARE WORKING RIGHT?? They have helped me fix my barracuda, replace gadgets, totally rebuild and replace my back wash valve, rebuild a pump housing and they are always helpful and pleasant when I go in.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place, I recommend it to everyone I know who has a pool.  Not only are they very reasonably priced compared to competitors, but they are very knowledeable about pool pumps and vacs, supplies, and issues that you might be having with your pool.  They are friendly and helpful and have saved me a lot of money and hassle.  I had a pool that was green and disgusting and wouldn't clear up.  Shasta and Paddock kept insisting that more chlorine was the only cure and that other products wouldn't work, but my hyper-chlorinated pool remained green.  The guys at Checker seemed to know exactly what was wrong...they gave me a phosphate remover and it cleared right up!  Take them a sample of your pool water and they can tell you what to do.  They rebuilt my pool pump too, great place.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets! That sums up my experience! I am the worst customer in the world.  I have an engineering back ground and have to know everything. Bill and the guys at Checker have always treated me with respect and taken the time to tell me and show me how to do the repair I am preparing to do. IEven when I am over analyzing and asking too many questions. I have used checker pool for 3 years from rebuilding motors fast, replacing a filter for an in ground Jacuzzi, new pool filter, new in ground pool service, and a new pool light and countless other items.  They have always been courteous and went above and beyond to help me. The people they have recommended to me when I could not do the job have also been outstanding. Kenny you rock! This place gives gold old fashioned small town customer service. I just took my friend to Checker and he had his pump fixed in 2.5 hours.  If these guys are eating while they serve you realize it is because they are not taking their breaks like most people do to make sure you get the quickest service you can.
1	Can I give these company a worse score?  Less than 2 years later, the pump I purchased is broken. My regular pool guy (who was out of town in August of 2011 when I wrote the 1st review) took the pump apart and found out that it was never grounded.  Buyer BEWARE!! I am not the only person this happened to. No apologies. No warranty. Nothing.
5	I was in the market for a Hayward SP3400VSP variable-speed pool pump.  I had called Checker's to see if they had one in stock.  Unfortunately, they had just sold the only one they carry in stock.  Bill took down my name and number and said they would order the part for me.  The next day I got a call that the part had arrived.  Pretty quick turn-around for a part in the pool business.  My experience at other pool supply stores is at least a 3 day wait.  Bill and Mike were pleasant to deal with and the price for the part was just as quoted over the phone.
1	About a month ago I had Checker replace the sand in my sand filter.  Immediately when he turned on the pump there were bubbles coming out of the return.  I said "why are there bubbles coming out of the return.  I've never had bubbles coming out of the return?"  Mike just basically blew me off.   Bled it to get the air out and still have bubbles.  Had their tech guy out and he was just plain rude.  I told him to humor me and check the O ring on the filter lid because I never had bubbles coming of the return and the only thing that has changed is they changed the sand.  The guy didn't want to do it and didn't do it and preceded to tell me how he gets paid.  Bottom line, he just wouldn't get paid enough to check the O ring and heaven forbid he had to replace it.  I've never dealt with a company that won't do something you have asked.
5	Mike did a fantastic job of helping me find everything I needed to care for my newly remodeled pebble tech pool. He was courteous and I enjoyed working with him. He guided me and best buys in the store, while maintaining supplies with great quality. I have always and will always continue to patronize their store.
1	There are a few guys that work here. One guy, who seems to be in charge, is just a total prick. One time I was in there, he got into a yelling match with a female customer - apparently what he remembered was different than what she had recalled of their phone conversation earlier that day. Ultimately, he looked her in the eye, put his hand up, waved goodbye like a two year old, and told her to leave the store. Today I was in there and he saw a couple coming in, he said "F&$@ no, I'm taking my break." The guy that helped me today questioned everything I was saying. "Well, did you measure it? I mean, take a ruler to it and measure it?" Yes, I told you it was a 9" cover I needed. He reassured me that I was wrong, and actually had me questioning myself. Imagine that - 2 Master's degrees, and I can't use a tape measure properly. The younger guy that works there is a really, really nice. So if you go in and have to wait in line to talk to him when the others are eating or talking shit about customers, it'd be worth the wait. He's knowledgeable and polite. While the other guys seem to know what they're talking about, they certainly have a lot to learn from their junior counterpart. I live about 2 blocks away from this place, but will make the trip to Leslie (and likely spend more money) just so I don't have to deal with these guys again. No point in giving my money to people who definitely don't appreciate it.
