5	The best Chinese restaurant around. Food is always cooked perfectly, and comes out fast. Delivery is also fast. The order is always right, staff is very nice. Try the crab rangoons!
1	We were really hoping that this would be a good place to order delivery from.  Unfortunately, we were wrong.  The soups were incredibly diluted and watery.  The potstickers were tiny but didn't taste awful.  The Mongolian beef was the worst I have ever had.  It was rubbery, full of watered down sauce and tasted old and cheap.  The general tso's chicken was okay, but lacked sauce so it all stuck together and was overly chewy.  It was a rainy day around rush hour but we live not far away and it took over an hour to deliver the food.  Really unfortunate.  We will not be re-ordering from Fortune Cookies.
2	Online ordering and delivery is always awesome, especially for those days you just don't feel like going out. Their delivery is prompt and the food arrives piping hot and relatively tasty. The prices are event reasonable.The problem? I think the food is totally laden with MSG. That'll be the last time I eat food from here. I had just a few bites of food and a few hours later I realize that I've drank about 40oz of water and my tongue still feels dry, and I've got the headache from hell.To be fair MSG affects everybody differently and I'm pretty sensitive to it. Order at your own risk. Their egg rolls are pretty good.
5	Last night I ordered steamed dumplings, wings and Kung Pao chicken.  Best dumplings ever.. not too heavy, great sauce and very flavorful.  The wings had that good marinated flavor and were nice and hot on delivery, as with everything else.  The Kung Pao chicken was beautiful and delicious.  Very generous portion with plenty of red peppers and mushrooms.  I never order it because I wasn't willing to try a dish with peanuts in it but it WORKS.   I have a new favorite dish!  Delivery was prompt and professional.  Driver was neat, groomed and very polite.  Be sure to tip a couple ofdollars.. reward good service!
