4	I went here for drinks and some nibbles on a rainy day as I live around the corner and was super excited to try something new on my block. They have lovely outdoor seating, which looks so appealing on a sunny day, but unfortunately I didn't get to enjoy that. I read the other reviews and completely agree about the seating. They have one high table with bar stools, but all the other chairs are basically ottomans and you can't sit comfortably because you have no back rest and your legs don't fit under the very low tables. However, the staff was friendly and the cab-sav I order was quite tasty and well priced. We had a few drinks and then got really hungry, so I asked one of the girls to recommend something and we ended up trying a bit of what she said was most popular. The tortilla was nice, not what I expected as it was more of a potato cake, kind of in a quiche slice. The Serrano peppers were delicious, although not spicy at all. And the chorizo was amazing. I can't remember which it was, but it was so tasty and the perfect amount of oily, spicy goodness. It is not really a place to grab a proper meal, but an excellent option for an afternoon snack or pre-dinner stop.It has a warm interior and feels very casual, so its definitely a relaxing spot to visit for some wine. I noticed they had a few bottles beers and have one beer on tap, but I think they mainly focus on wine and food. Oh! And you order at the bar!
3	First visit here a couple of Saturdays ago and the seating issues highlighted by earlier reviewers would appear to have, in the main, been sorted out by the adoption of a standard dining seating style, other than three lower tables with leather cubes that are against the back wall.Since the lunch in question I've been told that the menu had recently been expanded so it could well be that the 40 minute wait for the food and the odd order it arrived in (bread last) was down to the staff still getting used to preparing new dishes. Service was generally alright, if scatty (water was ordered but never materialised, food arrived without plates to eat it from) and the quality of the dishes couldn't really cause complaint although the meat and cheese platter & tortilla are probably not the most complex options on the menu & so pretty hard to mess up.On the day only a 5% tip seemed in order but I'd make another visit to see if things are any more organised in the future.
