5	I have been getting my eyes checked here the last few years and have no complaints whatsoever.Eye exams are great, Dr. G knows what he's doing. Last week Lynda helped me take advantage of my medical insurance and get some new glasses.  Very consultative, didn't try to up-sell me on what I didn't feel like spending.  The selection of eyewear is great, too.I highly recommend them.
1	A total joke, nothing but up-selling.  My first appointment - the "eye dr."  actually told me that I might want to spend this years insurance coverage on new more updated frames.  Totally insulting.  Never addressed my issue- and when conducting the pressure test part of the exam- actually touched my eyeball with the machine!    After my 2nd appointment - it was all about selling me hundreds of dollars in contact lenses- and getting me to try a different brand.  I declined on the contacts, and although- a follow up appointment was necessary and I was told I'd receive a call from the office to discuss next appointment date- ( their system was down while I was there )  ......  I never received a call regarding the follow up.  UNBELIEVABLE!    After a few days of not hearing back - I realized that it was never about treatment-  if I had purchased the contacts that I DID NOT need,  my guess is I would have been called about a follow up appointment.     This Dr. is a schmuck.  Very unfriendly to me and my wife on both occasions-  not even introducing himself to my wife as she accompanied me in the exam room during the first visit. WOW.
1	Just wanted to update that I NEVER received a phone call from this office for the follow up appointment.  Amazing- especially since I was diagnosed with an eye infection by a much better Dr.  This place SUCKS
5	My husband and I have been coming here for a few years and Dr Gramlich is awesome.  He takes needed time with each patient and never rushes us through.  I have also on occasion needed to see him for eye infection and the staff is always very accommodating in getting me in as soon as possible.  They have a great selection of frames and we have always received quality glasses no problems when ordering.
1	I have been coming here for a few years and genuinely like the staff and Dr. Gramlich. They are always nice and courteous but recent experiences have tried my patience and make me doubt their competency so much that I have decided to go elsewhere. My displeasure has been triggered by their inability to get the prescription in my glasses right. The latest, third attempt still renders my expensive progressives useless. I cannot read with them and intermediate vision is off. I am not an expert on the technology involved but have never had such problems getting a pair of glasses that work for me. And I am used to progressives and I just cannot fathom why they can't get this right for me. It's been ongoing for 4 months now and I am having to wear old glasses which I am not happy about. They seem to always have excuses as to why they aren't right and promise to fix them. I am so frustrated I sought another opinion - and was immediately told by the doctor and optician what was wrong. I shared this info with AZ Eye Health and respectfully asked for a refund. Two weeks later I have not heard a word from them even though they said they would get back to me. I am so done with this place. Feeling completely ripped off, not to mention all the repeat visits and time out of my schedule because of their apparent incompetence.
5	I had a wonderful experience the other day. It was my first time and I was running a few minutes late. I filled out all my paperwork and then while I was waiting a young lady whose name I forget helped me enter a raffle and look at some frames. She was extremely knowledgeable and super helpful. She made me feel very comfortable and I have to say she made my experience a 5 star visit. She was very friendly and patient while I tried on quite a few different frames. She told me how each looked and devoted her attention solely to me. She even ran the pricing for me and found out which deal would be the best for me. She was wonderful !!!
5	our family has been coming here for years. the staff is so helpful and professional and knowledgeable. Dr Gramlich and Dr Melissa Gramlich are both great doctors and very personable. everything is first class.
5	I've been going to Dr. Gramlich for years.  The office staff are super-friendly and knowledgeable and make you feel comfortable.  Dr. Gramlich is also very thorough.  He always takes the time to answer questions and doesn't make you feel rushed.  I would highly recommend their office.  They are topnotch!
1	Total rip off. Upsell to the max. Never again.
5	I've been a patient of Dr. Gramlich's for about eight years or so, and I have always been very impressed by the care and services I've received at AZ Eye Health. I initially saw Dr. Gramlich for an eye injury. I'd been using another eye care place prior to that, but AZ Eye Health was just down the road from my workplace at the time. They were able to see me right away, and I was so impressed with the care I received that I decided to make Dr. Gramlich my permanent eye doc. The exams are very thorough, and Dr. Gramlich never seems like he's rushing from one patient to the next, unlike other places I've experienced. His staff is extremely helpful, from assisting with insurance issues to helping you pick out eyeglass frames you'll love. I've never had anyone pressure me into buying a more expensive pair of glasses than I want. Yes, they'll probably ask you if you're interested in specific types of coatings for lenses, etc., but I've never felt as though they were being heavy-handed about it. This is a business, after all, so of course they're going to ask!I wouldn't hesitate for a moment to recommend Dr. Gramlich and AZ Eye Health to friends, family and anyone who is looking for a topnotch eye care provider.
5	Today was my first experience with Dr. Melissa. Loved the office staff and Dr. Melissa was VERY thorough! I am diabetic and have never had such a thorough exam as this one! I was recommended by my neighbor who is also diabetic. I am so glad I went! The last eye Dr. I went to never did get my glasses right. So far I have been HIGHLY impressed with AZ Eye Health!
