3	This particular Roberto's was on my way to work, and I know they usually take long no matter what you order.  So I Yelped it to get the number to place a phone order for pick up. (Thanks Yelp!)The lady answered the phone, "Roverto's." I ask, "Yeah, is this the one next to the gas station on Cheyenne and Martin Luther King?" she replies, "escu me?" and goes off speaking machine gun spanish and hands the phone to a gentlemen who speaks slightly better English.  I find out it really is the one on Cheyenne and MLK and place my order of a Carne asada burrito.  I get there and tell them I just called for a Carne asada burrito and they just now make it.  What was the point of even calling in the order?3 stars for the burrito still being glorious.
1	Two words: Chile relleno. Three more words: With the seeds?! The order is small (which I don't mind) and so is the price... I figured that matched up and it was, overall, a tasty dish. But they don't clean the chiles? I have had this before when I noticed that, I figured it was an honest mistake. As I am only here about 4-6 times a year, I figured the last time had to be an anomaly. It has the potential to be a 3 or 4 star place for what they portray themselves to be: quick mexican food (as opposed to fast food a la Taco Bell or Del Taco), decent flavors, and good prices. I have always had efficient, friendly service and they've never balked at my customization requests.However, when I can't enjoy but half of my chile relleno because it wasn't properly cleaned out? Not just a little bit near the top/end/etc... but half the chile had ribs and seeds. It made the dish bitter and inedible where it was present. Add to this that my friend's nachos were wet and missing the cheese (really?) and they forgot her side of beans.History was already "meh," and now #lunchfail. Potential just doesn't cut it.
4	Ordered carne asada fries over the phone, came to the restaurant 10 minutes later and walked out. Easy. I've been here about a handful of times and I haven't had a problem so far. They're pretty fast to making your food when you order, and the food is usually on point.
4	Food here has never been a problem. I can get a to go order, and it takes at most 10 minutes to get my food. Only thing I can say that prevents the 5 would be the lack of a smile. Maybe the workers just don't like me in particular :/All in all, food is great. Particular fan of all the burrito choices. Always hot and fresh with a nice grilled taste.
4	Carne Asada Fries. By. The. Pound. I love this place. I will admit the place is small but the food isn't.
