5	I really like this store's customer service. I have taken a few photos here to be framed and have always been pleased with the quality! Most recently, I took two pictures to be framed after after being told by Michaels that it would be over 2 weeks - I needed the photos the following weekend for an awards ceremony; International Galleries said "no problem!". Their prices are very comparable to other frame shops, and I like that they are in Urbana.
5	This is a very cool place. It's like an oasis of candles, incense, paintings, crystals, resins, art, scarfs, pendulums, dream catchers and other exotic products. It's honestly....a rare find in Champaign Urbana, and worth the visit.
5	Framing.This is the best place.  Ask for advice/assistance from the woman with straight dark hair - wish I knew her name.  She is patient and creative and has made multiple framing jobs for me.  She is talented, and I always walk away feeling exceptionally good about the project.
5	I just bought a picture for my living room wall.  It is the prettiest picture I ever bought (It's a Fall scene).  They laid out some framing choices for me and it was done within a week. It was on the expensive side but, I am so glad I decided to spend the money.
4	A few months ago, I was tasked to find Chanukah candles before driving down to where my parents lived to visit.  I was told to check Shnooks and Walgreens, but  I did not find any there.  I passed by Lincoln square on my way home, and saw exactly what I was looking for in the doorway.  Couldn't find them anywhere else.
5	A refreshing shopping experience... Reasonably priced unique jewelry and lots of other eclectic gifts.  Extremely helpful staff take the time to offer unparalleled service.  Don't overlook this locally-owned precious gem tucked away in Lincoln Square mall.
2	We had two pictures framed and the quality of the final product is really bad. In both, one of the corners has indentations (no idea what caused it) and in one the frame is not assembled flush. We had a 30% discount and that was probably due to the low quality.
