5	This store is seriously the best place to get any accessory to match any outfit! The store is set up really cute and the customer service is great. Make sure to set up a girls day with 10 or more girls with a sales associate named Jadi, she's awesome and totally helpful!
4	Accessory heaven! As I was trying on bracelets and oversized rings, little rhinestones were fallling off, but hey, for $7 what can you expect? I love necklaces and bracelets and rings with bling and Charming Charlie's has it all!
4	Loved this place...I'm glad it's on the opposite side of town from where I live...otherwise I'd be in there every weekend accessorizing! LOL! I think the OCD came out in me...I love how everything is color coded. Each section is color coordinated. Very neat and organized shopping. And as always, I love anywhere that is dog friendly! The sales associate let my Frenchie and Chihuahua walk around with me. Very nice of them! Only issue with my whole shopping experience....the wait in line to pay. However, once I got to the front the cashier was apologetic. They have a unique feature too...if you give them your name, phone, email, etc. then they create an account for you. The cashier told me if I ever want to replace, return or exchange something, they have my purchase history on file. Very helpful! Without a doubt...I will be back here not only to buy for myself but also for buying gifts!  Great prices!
4	ACCESSORY GALORE! its located in tivoli village. it's huuuuge. its like a bigger and better francesca's! the store is separated by colors. turquoise, purple, silver, golds, etc all in their separate sections of the store. they also have a kids section. a little pricey for my wallet but i'm sure if you took the time to look at everything you'll be able to find something perfect to complete an outfit!
4	I've been wanting to check Tivoli village out and popped in. The store is pretty big and theres different styles in every color. Prices are  reasonable and quality is okay for the price. Some items feel cheap and some look nicer and feel more solid than their cheaper price....really depends manufacturers they got it from.I found a enameled and rhinestoned frog on a lily pad with a little rhinestone baby frog. I put up  a picture and I think it looks better than its $9.95 price. I've been wanting a frog (don't know why), but last one I saw was about the same quality, but cost a lot more ($40) so I skipped out. Happy with finding a similar frog  for a smaller price.I didn't look too hard as I had the BF with me and I didn't want to be "that girl". You know, the one with the miserable boyfriend/husband tuning out where he is because he hit the threshold. I like to browse and touch everything so I'm not the buddy for quickie shoppers.Will be back. Sometimes you just need some decent, cheap accessories that I won't be upset when I break it at work or feel bad when I get bored of it after a few times wearing it.
4	Super cute accessories! Nothing is over $50. There is a lot to look at, so it can be overwhelming. But, the store is organized and merchandised well. And if you still feel lost, ask an associate. They are very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend Charming Charlie's as a place to shop for gifts for your gal pals, sisters and maybe even your mom. And if you have teenage daughters, they will especially love this cute little shop, too.
4	I really love this store, even if I end up not buying anything. There's so much to look at! I sometimes feel overwhelmed, but only in a good way. I love the way everything is coordinated, and I also appreciate that there really seems to be something for everyone. I see a huge age range in shoppers here, and they even have a kids section. Mostly accessories, there's also small selections of clothing, and even shoes. They have a ton of cute purses. I'm not an accessory freak, but I really do love window shopping here.
5	"It is the unseen, unforgettable, ultimate accessory of fashion that heralds your arrival and prolongs your departure." - Coco ChanelSometimes you just need that one accessory to add some pizazz to an outfit. Be it a fedora hat, scarf, sunglasses, purse, necklace, ring, bracelet, earrings, sandals, ballet flats, espadrilles- or all of the above.  Well, you will definitely find it at Charming Charlie's.  From the moment I stepped into the store- I was in love.  I love accessories. And I love affordable accessories even more.  It is like shopping in downtown LA's garment district- wholesale prices and great selection- but in an atmosphere that is chic and modern with friendly staff ready to help you find that perfect accessory.  There is also an entire kid's section at the back of the store as well. I have been shopping twice and purchased a fedora hat, earrings, necklace, earring backs (because so many of my earrings had one missing), and 2 fabulous headbands- all for under $40.  I can't say much about the quality of the products yet- but so far- so good.  So if you have champagne taste and are on a beer budget: this is the place for you!
5	Awesome rings!On the way home from Vegas I stopped in to check out some items.  This store caught my eye because of the dresses that were on display in front.  I came in and noticed that they sold all types of accessories, from rings to handbags.  I loved that everything was color coordinated and that it was so neatly organized.  I also loved how there was so much of everything and how in style they were.  You can find every color jewelry in every size.  But what I loved the most was that it was so CHEAP!  I would describe their jewelry as Forever 21 items, but for half the price.   I loved it.  After spending a good amount of time in there I bought about 10 pieces of jewelry.  I think when the girl rung me up, it came to only about $22.  Here's one of the rings I bought:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ylYjgqY94UdyWCKNih2EwA?select=8IstT8n6XqB4du5YTW_YWgTheir jewelry isn't the finest items, but they are cheap and fun to wear.  Awesome to wear and ones you will not feel bad if you loose them.  I am so happy with my purchase and if we get to chance again, I would love to come back.
4	LOVE this place!I was at Kona Grill with my boyfriend for happy hour and we decided to go to Tivoli Village afterward to walk around. Just a couple days prior, my friend was telling me about this place, but it totally didn't cross my mind when we got to the Village. After walking around a bit, my boyfriend pointed at a store that looked all bright and said, "What's that place?" I looked over and saw "Charming Charlies" and remembered my friend telling me it was an awesome accessory store. We walked in and were greeted by a friendly associate that explained the store is divided into sections by color. Excellent. If I am ever in a rush to find something for a themed event, their organization would save me so much time. I ended up searching for a present for my boyfriend's sister because her birthday was just a couple days away and all I had for her so far was a book. We went through half the store perusing through necklaces, bracelets, earrings, hair accessories, and purses when we finally came across a silver necklace with short dangling chains and colored stones with matching earrings. The set was only $14.95 and it was PERFECT for her. The cashier complimented it and started talking to us about the store, how well it's doing, and that they've opened 100 stores in the past year. I can imagine why; this store is amazing and the prices are decent (think Claire's, but a lil more high end). Considering this place is in Tivoli Village, you'd probably expect the prices to be high, but that's not the case. The price matches the product, which is always a plus in my book.
4	Accessory mavens, prepare to lose self control. This store has TONS of merchandise organized into color coded sections. Handy because you could definitely get overwhelmed in this feast of fashion. Talk about somewhere that you wouldn't want to do inventory...yikes.Every time I visit I find something I "need". I can't think of a better place to visit if you're looking for that one item to complete an ensemble. Scarves, purses, necklaces, earrings and even a new addition of slippers can be found in ever color section. They even have dresses, shirts and footwear if you're really starting an outfit from scratch. The staff is attentive and pleasant and they're happy to explain the layout of the store for newbies. There is a kids section in the back as well as a clearance section. Enter your name in the customer database and never have to worry about tracking down a receipt again. Just love this place, it motivates me to make the drive over to Tivoli Village.
1	Ok check this out...store is nice and everything, but we were looking at a sweater with a belt attachment.   The sweater and attachment were dirty ..............the whole rack....like they had been dragged on the floor.    The manager says for us to take them home and wash them.   Seriously ....really.............I hope that lady doesn't work for any of our companies ever.     Anyone that could possibly come up with that response is surely not fit to run let alone work in retail.
4	I dropped by while on the Tivoli shopping crawl. Charming Charlies wasn't part of it but I wanted to make a quick stop to check it out! This is accessory heaven! All of their costume jewelry , purses, shoes and clothing are all color coordinated. It makes it easier to search for accessories if you have an outfit in mind. They are all nicely priced where you can buy a couple of pieces without breaking the bank. There was so much to see but I didn't have enough time to look because I had to catch up with the shopping crawl. I was so impressed that  I will definitely have to return!
3	This store confuses the shit out of me.The store is divided up into colors: pink section, blue section, green section, yellow section... you get the idea.  If it's a color, there is a section for it.All of their clothes and accessories are very cheap.  Like Misti Y. said in another review, its like a Claire's on crack and meth.  No joke.  And the ladies are going completely wild in this place.I bought a shirt and a ring.  Not sure if I would head back in here because it was absolute chaos.  However, if i am looking for something specific on a color wheel, this will be a place to check out.
5	I finally made it to Charlie's after being told by numerous friends that I would love the place. I'm a jewelry aficionado so it was right up my alley. The place is HUGE! They have sections of jewelry based by color. I mostly prefer the rhinestone on Silver pieces and there was plenty for my eyes to feast on. The cocktail rings are fabulous and so inexpensive. I also got a necklace set with earrings for less than $10. I walked away with 2 cocktail rings, the necklace set and a bracelet all for less than $50. If you "Like" their facebook page there are always coupons being posted!
4	My little Type-A heart goes a flutter when I come into this store.Practical organization and pleasing aesthetics are happily married in the lay-out.  Color-coded accessories of every kind are what you can find here.  So you're looking for a bright orange satchel handbag?  Ok, head over the orange section, and ooh, look, there's also a fun orange-tone necklace to go with it too.Oh wait, you mean you're looking for something to coordinate with your multi-colored sundress?  Choose a color from the palette of your dress and just walk over to that color-coded section and you will find something that will work.  I do not believe there is a single item in this store that is over $50.  And that's surprising to me, considering the quality of the items.  It's a great improvement upon your standard mall accessory store, like Claire's, and unlike Claire's, I don't feel like teenagers are judging me when I'm going in to Charming Charlie's.  The staff here is knowledgable and pleasant.  One thing to note is that if you find something you like here, buy it.  There is no guarantee that it will be there the next time you visit as they are consistently getting new items.
2	The store is fantastic and my visit was going well until it was time to check out. Unfortunately, we were serviced by a cashier named Elisa/Alisa/Alissa, who evidently was having a bad day/on the rag/tired or just plain rude. When asked if there was a certain piece available in another color, instead of checking, she just said, "I don't think we have it." WHAT???????? Does she know ever single item in the store? If so, she's a bad u-know-what!!!! But I doubt that's the case. She could've at least endeavored to ask another salesperson to look via their headsets. But maybe that would've been too much like right. Secondly, my friend purchased a shirt that was in need of a price check. From her facial expressions, it was obvious that she was irritated that she had to "wait" for her fellow co-workers to find the price. When they did find a price, I asked her what price did the shirt ring up as? TWICE!!!! My friend asked and the salesperson behind her answered!(Thank you so much, btw!!!) By that time, I was fit to be tied! I don't know if was because I had on sweats, t-shirt and chuck taylors or if that's her normal demeanor....either way it sucked swamp water and she needs Custormer Service training.I hope on my next visit, I don't encounter her again!!!!
3	I wandered into Charming Charlie's and wandered out with a small bag of a couple of  useful things.  This store was described by an employee as a fashion boutique  for women, which it definitely is. The items - inexpensive jewelry, clothes and accessories- are arranged by color.   This is useful if you're in a hurry and want to buy a scarf to match an outfit or a gift in your friend's favorite color, but for a browser like me, this arrangement had the effect of making me feel like I'd seen the exact same item before- just in a different color. You can find earrings, necklaces, bracelets, rings, handbags, scarves, hats and cute blouses, among a few other things, in this packed, but neatly organized, space. The music was upbeat and fun -I caught a good Sheryl Crow song on Soundhound that I will be adding to my music collection.  I left with some earring backs and one of those purse-holder doodads you use at work to hang your bag at your desk or cubicle.  Useful, and inexpensive.  There seem to be a lot of these types of stores around Las Vegas.  This one doesn't stand out for me except for the divide-by-color concept and fun music, so that was cool. But because it's tucked away in a corner of Tivoli Village, I will probably not remember to come here often.
5	Ummm... is it disturbing that I legit lose my breath when I walk in to this store? lol. Seriously, I love accessories and this store is FULL of them, even in color-coded sections. So my friend and I didn't miss anything the last time we went, we went in a zig-zag pattern throughout the whole store. I've found, in the other times I'd been there, I got distracted and ended up missing sections. I almost got distracted when I saw pink and skipped a whole bunch of stuff, but my friend kept me in line. Anyway, it's well-priced and so many lovely things to choose from. GO!!!
5	Totally loved this place they have great selections and the prices are very reasonable. The girls that work there were all very nice. I even found a pair of jean leggings which I been trying to get for awhile.
4	This store is like an adult version of Claire's!!!  I like how everything is broken down into color sections.  They offer all sorts of accessories, jewelry, purses, shoes, some clothing, etc.  On my last visit I noticed they have a section for special occasion.  Everything is fairly inexpensive.  I think the priciest item I saw was a bag for about $60.  Keeping that in mind some of the items aren't the highest quality.  I bought a wallet there and some of the rhinestones have already fallen off but I expected that for the price point.  I also like the section in the back of the store, Charlie Girl I believe it's called.  It's the perfect spot to find gifts for my 4 year old niece.
5	Best accessories store period. If you don't have money for fine jewelry or just want something fun & different to wear you have to check this place out! The price range is unbeatable and you can find super cute items that look more expensive than they actually are. This is my new favorite store, I'd suggest checking it out.
4	Calling all ladies!You are not going to want to miss this place the next time you stop by Tivoli Village. As if the prices weren't already decently priced, everything is arranged by color. That includes hats, scarves, jewelry, clothes, shoes - it was overwhelming, I have to admit. 2 of my galpals and I were having coffee at Leone Cafe earlier before deciding to check out what Tivoli had to offer - considering this was my first time there. Being the 'scarf' person that I am, I couldn't have been more in awe at the diversity of choices and their sophisticated styles - all ranging between $12-14 which isn't bad (I recall similar patterns from Macy's, which offered them for at least $16) Ladies of all ages could be seen shuffling around the store, not something you'd observe at Wet Seal or Forever 21. Charming Charlie's made sure ladies would find every bit of accessory they would possibly need in this lifetime - tiaras per say? Clutch bags and headbands, you name it. Looks like I've got a reason to go back to Tivoli Village. Trust me, this place beats Claire's and Icing altogether.
4	Too much of a good thing is my best description of how I feel when I walk inside Charming Charlie's. Too many colors, too many choices. But I love it nevertheless. This stuff is not high quality and isn't going to last forever, but it's not the kind of merchandise you buy to last you a lifetime. It's impulsey. Prices are so reasonable!
5	I couldn't be more blown away by this place. I went to every store in Boca Park looking for jewelry for a dress I needed to wear tonight. I was getting frustrated because I had an idea of what I wanted and couldnt find it. Finally at the last store we went to, the clerk told me to try Charming Charlie. When I walked in I was floored. It has EVERY color and combination for any dress. It is hands down the best jewelry store I've been to. I will come here forever. LOVE my new necklace and earring set and I expensive too!!!
2	There were no fewer than 15 people working here the day that I went with very few people in all of Tivoli Village. I wasn't greeted by the two women who were enjoying their conversation upon my entrance, and then the same two women greeted the people behind me warmly. Then some other women who worked there were watching me like a hawk as if I had sticky fingers and was pilfering everything that I touched. So I was either totally invisible to the staff or I was a 14 year old with a couple of friends seeing how much I could throw in my bag and up my sleeves.Basically they sell H&M or Forever 21 accessories for higher prices. I'm not confident that paying more for their products would make my skin green less quickly. It's still a cheaply produced product. You could find some good stuff on clearance or as-is here, but I wouldn't ever buy anything full price here because it's definitely not quality goods.
5	Charming Charlie is a great place. I recommend it to all my friends, especially if you are into accessories! A friend of mine and I bought our other friend's daughter gifts from Charming Charlie girl's section and she LOVED them. I even wanted the girl's sandals in adult I loved them so much. I usually get my perfume from here, it smells sooooo good.Charming Charlie also helped out Operation Shower's fundraising. We were able to do a fashion show at the store, wear the clothes, jewelry and accessories. They helped a great cause and were extremely supportive.Highly recommend Charming Charlie!
5	I have a friend that loves big, bold accent pieces. The selection is overwhelming, but in a good way. It is impressive how well organized the store is. Walking around the store would be daunting if everything was not set up in a way where you could pick a color and scan that specific area.All the sales associates were extremely nice. Having a lost and confused man walking around your store is like placing a fish in the desert. Once I got over how much jewelry, accessories, and clothes was in one place I was able to put together some items to make for a color coordinated gift.
4	I have only been to this store a couple times but I seem to find something for me or for someone else every time.  Its so easy to shop here especially if you know someones favorite color!  They have bags, hats, scarves, earrings, rings, on and on and on!!The prices here are very reasonable and sometimes I want to buy so much more but have to control myself.  I love the fact that everything is color coordinated because that's how I have my closet.  I find it so easy to go in here and shop because I look for stuff usually in a particular color determining on the outfit I am trying to match it up with.  I sometimes forget about this place when I am out shopping for friends and family but with holidays coming up, I am sure I will be there.
5	Ok ladies, this place is overwhelming but in a good way! You may get lost for hours...Everything is color coordinated to your accessories needs. If you're missing something form your outfit and are on a budget this is the place to go. Prices ranges from $4.95-49.95, nothing higher than that. Great place to buy gifts, they even have an area for little princesses too....Check it out for your self!
3	I had never heard of this store until I visited the Town Square Las Vegas shopping mall.  I was at that location, not the Rampart street address.  I have never seen a shop in my life with so many handbags.  There must be 500 different styles in one store!  Every table throughout the rather large store is color coordinated with various handbag styles of a certain color and jewelry of that same color.  They actually carry a small amount of clothing, scarves, belts, and wallets as well. Why did I only give them 3 stars then?  As many bags and jewelry as there is, most of it isn't my personal style.  I actually didn't see one bag I'd like to own.  owever, I did end up buying this balck and white stretch bracelet and these royal blue plastic stone dangly earrings.  The prices are cheap.  Since I had never been, it was interesting to browse at least!
4	I give this store Five Stars for their back little girls room. My daughter is 9, really into style and always leaves here feeling like a million bucks. I feel good too because the prices are low and the quality seems to be on point. I give it 3 for the womens area. The prices are low but  so is the quality...I bought three pairs of earrings, literally each pair broke the first time I wore them, this is a first for me. i did pick up a a really cute top for 25.00 on sale and received plenty of compliments. I found the service to be below level too.Selection is gorgeously laid out and rly organized, just dont go here expecting long lasting quality.Come here for new years because you need to match your dress and shoes perfectly.Perfect for a Mother Daughter date, it rly is a little girls dream.
4	I absolutely am in love with this store. How can you not be? Every color and every style is in this store. I love big, dangly bracelets and they have them in every color!!! I honestly circle the store about 3 times to make sure that I have seen everything.
4	SO MANY CUTE ACCESSORIES~!!!MY first time here I picked up a really cute necklace and was shocked to see that the price was way lower than I had expected it to be.. Looked around and all the prices were very reasonable. Definitely coming back here for all my accessory needs. They also have a couple cute tops and dresses here and there as well a little shoe collection. The quality is not amazing but for the price I'll take it! Service was friendly and the line for the register moved fast~HOT TIP: Don't forget to check out the clearance section, you never know what lost treasure you may find haha & they have another location in Town Square right by the Container Store!
3	This place is cool and cheap but you are paying for what you get. I got this key chain for my mother. It was 12 dollars. It broke about a week later while she was holding it. I was actually there when it happened. So then I came back returned it for her and gave it another shot. Again about a week later it broke. I went back and finally just got a gift card because I paid cash and didnt have the reciept or else I would have just gotten a refund. This place is a hit or miss. Some of the stuff is good priced but some of it not so much. Since it is inside tivolli there is a  lot of parking options
4	Love this store and the girls there are so helpful. They helped coordinate some jewelry for an event in the color I wanted. The prices are great and this one at tivoli has the kids section, every girls fun time. Great sales in this area. I drive here cause no kids stuff at other location in town. Unique stuff but doesn't help a girls bad shopping habit, especially at this place where most likely don't need it
4	Talk about everything a girlie girl could ever need. They have every accessory  in every shade of every color.  If you ever need matching jewelry or purses this place is a must see. I'm hooked! The stuff they sell here isn't meant to last forever but for a last minute cheap haul this is the place to go.
3	Think of Claire's all grown up.   Merchandise is very well laid out with sections designated by colors.  I would def come here if you need to accessorize a specific outfit or update your wardrobe.  This is a nice inexpensive way to experiment and try trendy styles without feeling like you wasted your $$.  The prices were very inexpensive.  Quality was lacking in many pieces, but what do you expect at such low price points?  Surprisingly, the clothing was decent at under $30.  I purchased a tank blouse which was really cute for about $25.  There's a little girls' section which is supercute and very clever.  If I had a little girl, I'd def take her here!
2	I drug my best friend here, yesterday afternoon, to buy a present for his girlfriend. They have a vast selection of costume jewelry and accessories in almost every color on the planet and the prices are decent. We picked out a few things and went to check out. This is where it gets weird: the girl behind the counter demanded my friends name and email for the stores database. After he gave it, I kidded around with her and said "that's not his real name." She yelled at us that we couldn't give her a fake name (again, not a credit card application or anything, but for the store database - you know, where they ask for your email address to send you a coupon for $5 off, spam you, etc.)  She got hysterical and informed me that it was a FELONY. I walked away.
5	Cute accessories for really great prices. I love big colorful jewelry and to be honest, I'm not great at taking care of my jewelry. I've lost my fair share of expensive pieces, so I tend to like to save my money for more practical things in life (like food, j/k). I'll spend good money on a quality piece of jewelry but for more trendy items, I'm all for cheaper is better. The best part about this store is that despite all the jewelry and accessories being reasonably priced, they don't necessarily look cheap. This works for me! Every color you can think of is represented in this store in every style imaginable. Trendy stuff galore. I'll definitely be making this a regular addition to my discount shopping routine.
5	I am a huge fan of Charming Charlie! They always have lots of fab sale items and very decently priced non-sale items!This place is fit for an accessorizer's dream. The store is organized by color, and when I say "color", I mean more than just ROY G. BIV, they also offer lots of other fun colors like salmon and turquoise. Depending on what is "in", they have special sections also; I've seen a peacock theme and patterned watch faces, too.Like Claire's, Charming Charlie is not only a  jewelry store, they also stock things like various tops, shoes, umbrellas, phone cases, sunglasses, belts, and purses. Unlike Claire's, Charming Charlie is a lot more reasonably priced and they have a much wider selection of items. A lot of the items are repeated throughout the store, but in different styles so you and your sister can buy the same watches or purses that match your individual personalities perfectly.There is never a time I don't want to visit Charming Charlie. They have two other locations in other parts of the valley, if you can't come to this one, visit those ones! I'm sure you will be pleased!
4	LADIES!! Why haven't I gone inside SOONER?! I am somewhat addicted to accessories... SOMEWHAT may be an understatement, but just go with it. Lol.My cousin asked if I wanted to come along with her to Charming Charlies; I wasn't doing anything this afternoon so I came along. I heard tons about this place, but when I walked in... I finally saw it all in action. The store is really big! I love how the accessories and bags are color coded into sections! There is also clothes and shoes, but on a smaller scale. The prices were really decent. Necklaces ranging from $10 and up; bracelets and rings from $5. Definitely a GIRL'S HIDEOUT! I really didn't NEED anything, but I ended up buying a few cool looking rings! One ring that I purchased that I want to share with everyone, is a gold ring with a small WHALE on it! I love whales, so SOLD! (You're welcome. That was your random Mary Rose fact of the day, lol)When I got in line to pay, I signed up for rewards with my email, and they said I'd receive a $10 coupon for next time! Great! They definitely got me! I WILL BE BACK WITH MY COUPON! =)
3	I'm familiar with Charming Charlie from back home in Texas- awesome store for picking up well-priced accessories and jewelry, and love how the store is organized by color in order to more easily locate the perfect accent to a specific outfit.Either this store in particular has more product variety, or the chain as a whole has begun to incorporate more shoes, purses, and clothing- which is much appreciated. Pricing is about on par with other boutiques and not as low as the jewelry.Large clearance section: got a matching black and gold necklace and earring set for half off at $8, not bad at all! Giant basket of rings were all marked down to $5, too!Service was dismal. Staff were either chatting or organizing stock- both totally acceptable, but only one single employee said anything to me in the half hour I was in store. I'm used to being greeted upon entry, but I had to be looking at the exact same square foot of space in the store to get any acknowledgement.With so many other stores in this shopping center with similar (if not better) quality accessories and jewelry, they kind of need to step it up in the service.
3	This place is cute. Since I was in town square tonight I stopped in for a few minutes to check it out. I ended up with a pair of sunglasses for $9. Nothing fancy but I will wear them to the pool this summer. They have lots of fashion jewelry which I like to wear to work cause it's cheap enough if it gets lost (what usually happens) or broken I can't be mad about it. They had some cute sandals but I have big feet and they didn't seem to have my size. Plus I think I could find similar styles for less somewhere else. They also had hair accessories, belts, purses and some makeup but nothing really stood out to me. I do like that the store is separated by colors which makes it easy to find what your looking for. I might end up buying some earrings for work the next time I am in the area and I got a $10 coupon  when I gave the cashier my email today so that gives me an excuse to come back.
4	For an overly organized and color-coded-loving OCD type- this store is like heaven to me. All the merchandise which ranges from: watches, scarves, rings, bracelets, necklaces, earrings, dresses, shirts, hats, shoes, belts, purses,wallets, and more is displayed according to color scheme. What a simple and awesome concept. The staff is helpful but not hovering or pushy which is not something that I want when I need to focus on what items I currently have at home and what items I 'must have'. The company offers a rewards/frequent buyer program which can be beneficial to those of us who are frequent shoppers at CC. Be warned: if you go to CC, you may get hooked!
4	This is most girls idea of heaven! Tons of accessories that are super cheap! I've never stepped foot into this store & walked out empty handed. I'm pretty new this store & the only reason I know about it is because a friend shared her secret :) When you walk in you're automatically overwhelmed because everything is sparkly & saying "buy me!" The variety is tremendous & everything is presented by color which makes the store extra fun. I highly recommend this place to all ladies who enjoy accessorizing. The only reason I didn't give it a five star rating is because it's far from my house! We need one on the west side please :)
5	Charming Charlie has a wide selection of jewelry and handbags and very reasonable prices.  It's a fashionable store in the Town Square Center near downtown Las Vegas.There are greeted at the door professionally treated and will quite satisfied with our purchases.Well recommended would return again!
