4	Once I month I take Ma out for lunch, she's totally on board with trying something new each time we eat. I had heard of all the wonderful places in Old Town Glendale but after my so-so experience with Bitzee Mama's we decided to try another. Being always up for Mexican food we decided to check this place out. We pulled up and it is the most charming old house restaurant conversion. Its like being at your country grandma's house.After being greeted and seated we both decided on a quesadilla and each had the enchilada's. After only minutes the food was out and we were digging into some yummy old school Texas style enchiladas. I say Texas but the sauce was dead on for chili gravy which I have tried and failed at before. Imagine a smooth and creamy enchilada sauce that is mild but flavorful. Me and Ma were both ooing and ahing over the yummy enchilada's.. we had a great time! Im glad that me and Ma can have experiences like this and I take none of them for granted. This place is filled with charm, friendly quick service and good food at decent prices. A must if in the area. Sorry about the quality of the photo's.. iPhone's don't take great pics!
5	Lovely, charming restaurant in downtown Glendale.  The owners are always there, and are very inviting.  In additon to the scrumptious food, the antique finds are quite nice too!
5	I feel guilty for reviewing this late! My wedding was on 1/11/2010 (already over half a year...) and I was really lazy to write reviews...I especially feel guilty because Margie and Charles worked soooo hard with all their hearts to make my reception the prettiest on Earth and me the happiest bride ever!!I first found out this place when hubby and I were searching for our wedding church and we went way up from Chandler to Glendale to see First United Methodist Church of Glendale, in order to match our vintage wedding theme. We accidently came across Cee Cee's when we were looking around the beautiful historic neighborhood and it was love at first sight when I saw Cee Cee's. They were closed at that time (they close on Mondays and open until 3 or 4 pm on other days) and I took some pics outside the restaurant, never knowing my reception would turn out to be there!Then, whenever hubby and I went to First UMC to meet the pastor and wedding coordinator, I was kind of expecting to have a peek of Cee Cee's because it's just so lovely, and somehow after our daunting efforts in visiting tons of reception venues that are either too ordinary/boring/expensive/far away from church that cannot match with all my requirements, I kind of joked with my hubby that perhaps we could think about having our reception at Cee Cee's :p We gave this option some serious thoughts and googled a little (we found good reviews on food), we finally went for breakfast one day with our parents to really really fall in love with this place!!! The interior of the restaurant literally took my breathe away, with the shabby chic room, antique counter, vintage decor and the prettiest washroom I have ever seen, so was the food and the lovely mom and pop, Margie and Charles! We nearly made our decision to have our reception there but I was still hesitating between Val Vista Lakes and Cee Cee's (Val Vista Lakes was a really nice place too, and they had a discount package on wedding held in Jan, but I wasn't quite happy with the old-fashioned banquet hall inside, the outdoor view was excellent though. Anyway it was still a really tough decision for me to make).As the theme and color choices of our reception took shape after tedious research on the web, I knew from my heart what I wanted - a SHABBY CHIC reception!! So it was just natural to choose Cee Cee's :p After a few more visits to determine the number of guests, food to serve, decoration details and cake-tasting, we were almost set for our big day! Margie and Charles were always very helpful and friendly when we discussed the details, and they didn't care if they could make more money from us like many other venues I saw that would bill you for every extra linen or silverware or hors d'oeuvres or decor or an extra hour you need, the only thing they concerned was US and to make our reception most memorable!!!! They helped us in every way to save as they know our budget was not a big one, which was really heart-warming, thoughtful and precious in such economic climate. They honestly give their hearts in what they do.Okay, finally, one day before our big day. Margie and Charles was so very thoughtful to let us unload our centerpieces, decor, favors and all the stuff needed for our reception before our wedding, so as to save us worries because they knew it would be hectic to unload the stuff and decorate them just in the morning of our wedding day (I was extremely worried about that before because our reception was in the afternoon,  after our wedding held at 11 am across the street). They even arranged the tables already that day to let us see if that fit our expectations and offered to help us place all our decorations in place to ultimately save our worries and efforts!!Finally, finally, finally, our BIG DAY came! We didn't even have to lift a finger to see that all the decorations were set in place nicely, exactly like what I told them, PLUS a beautifully decorated tent and some extra cute decorations, and the PRETTIEST WEDDING CAKE that was out of my expectations and out of my imagination!! And don't think it ended there!! Margie grinned at me when we arrived after the ceremony and told me they prepared a big gift for us!! And OH BOY was I the happiest and most fortunate and blessed bride ever when I saw the bride's room she specially decorated for me!!!!!!!!!! Coz she knew I love shabby chic things (we actually have a very common interests in style and taste), she put her best effort to prepare such a beautiful room JUST FOR ME!!!!! I was so touched and in awe and almost cried and I couldn't thank her more!!!Then the whole catering service was exceptionally smooth, according to schedule, and every detail was perfect!! And did I mention our guests raved about the food and kept telling me it's the prettiest reception they saw!! We took loadsof pictures and felt sorry to keep them waiting after reception, but they just gave us their warmest blessings and hugs. THANK YOU CEE CEE'S
3	More than anything I was hoping to eat at Cee Cees this morning, however, it was closed, even though their hours stated they would be open.  My friend and I even went through all the shops in Catlin Court and returned again afterwards to find Cee Cee's still closed.I was very disappointed...
1	The server was very inattentive. It seemed like it was a bother to serve me. The reuben was soggy. I guess the cook didn't think to drain the sauerkraut. The french fries were just like the ones you find in your grocery's frozen food section. The catsup squeeze bottle was so filthy that I refused to use it.  There is no reason to go to this restaurant.
4	A charming, quaint lunch establishment with a hometown feeling of having lunch in your grandmothers house. Aside from the rude and noisy table of ten next to us, the food was good, the waitress attentive. Then again, that made it even mire of a feeling of being with family. I guess we were at the "kids table"!
5	Our rehearsal dinner was done here at Cee Cee's on The Corner. We wanted a venue close by to Virginia's House and Gas Light Inn where are guest would be able to walk from venue to venue and soak in the atmosphere of the holidays with Glendale Glitters in the square. It all started with the rehearsal at Virginia's House and ended at Cee Cee's On The Corner for high tea. It set the ground work for an amazing wedding weekend that our guest are still talking about.The night was still young when we arrived at Cee Cee's with people bustling about and our wedding party mingling and watching the busy people go by. My niece was mostly watching the carriage rides as she is in love with horses. When most everyone arrived we were severed our first course of soups. I kept hearing the comments of hummmm, so good in the back ground. I knew then we choose the right place. The food kept coming with salad next (strawberry, nuts, oh my). then came the 3 tired plates with sandwiches and quiches. All I can say is ...." so good". Then came scones. I thought OK it's over so I began talking with guests before they left and out came the most delicious desserts on 3 layered plates. It was perfect for our event.It's funny my hubby and I had come to events down there before and was always the ones looking in but it felt good to be the ones looked at as the passerby's looked on. Our first venue fell through and so I was faced with a deli-ma. I called around to a few places but then I remembered walking by this place so I pulled up google maps and there it was with a 3D tour. I knew it would be perfect but like any good bride I did my homework and got pricing from 3 others but Cee Cee's was spot on with great ideas. If I had known they did weddings before I might have thought to do it here.We can't thank you enough for coming to the rescue and did I mention we had the place to ourselves. This is a mom and pop shop that gets it right every time. Thank you!
4	If you like a home cooked meal and antiques, then this place is for you, i really enjoy the people and the owners cee cee and her husband are one in a million Thank you.
