2	Where do I start...I hate to compare this one to the one I attended in Southern California, but I don't really have much other basis for comparison.First off, this one is way more packed at any given time than my previous gym. Can't fault them for that, it means it's a good place to be, right? Meh.The personal trainers (who if you didn't already know work on commision) are VERY aggressive with their recruiting tactics...I have been accosted on several occasions, bad enough once that I had to cut my workout short and get out of there to end the madness because the gentleman would not take no for an answer. In addition sometimes the front desk workers are more concerned with who's pants they're getting into at the end of the night. Save the MySpace drama for home time, kiddies.A lot of times, the most random machines will be in disrepair. Treadmills with non-operating heart rate meters or fans, (or worse and a potential hazard/lawsuit) slipping belts, exercise bikes with the same problem with the slipping belts, among other machines.Sometimes it is very dirty in there. Trash on the main floor mostly but sometimes it appears like the mens sauna and shower areas haven't been scrubbed down for weeks. Also, I don't understand why other LA Fitness locations have shower curtains, yet this one does not? Not that I care but it is a nice touch for people that aren't as comfortable "baring it all."As stated it really isn't fair to compare this to other local gyms (I will be switching up soon so watch for more reviews) but having been so impressed by the facility and employees of the LA Fitness I attended back in California, this one is a huge letdown.
3	So if you ever been a member to LIFETIME FITNESS you will never look at any other gym the same. But with the economy the way it is I thought it was best I find a cheaper membership somewhere else. Hence, I'm now at LA Fitness in Avondale. It has machines, pool, sauna, and group classes. Enough said. I can get in, work out, and leave. I got to bring my own towel now. I have to bring my own lock. And it aint 24 hours but despite these few inconviences that I wasn't use to this gym is okay. Its nothing to brag about. But the no contract and $29 membership price aint bad. Oh, and multiple locations make it nice. Plus everyone knows someone who goes to LA Fitness so you can always join for their "special" deal of just $25 enrollment fee. Lol. (They say its a special but its always running. )
3	Best time to work out at this gym is in the early morning.  Went in the afternoon a few times and it's usually packed.  This place has everything I need to work out. (threadmill, free weights, machines, basketball court, swimming pool, and sauna).  Rarely do I see any of the machines out of order/ broken.  Although the men's sauna bench was broken for maybe 2-3 months before they finally fixed it.
4	the very best thing about this gym is a personal trainer named Daniel W. He is super terrific. I had him work with me for almost 2 years and he knew just how much to push me into shape. I'm a 'senior citizen' with several health problems and Daniel figured out different ways I could exercise without hurting myself. He is personable, and always has a smile for everyone. I do agree with some of the other reviews that there are issues with the equipment being out of service and the sales staff being too aggressive. However, I do enjoy my time there just the same and I go 6 days a week!Thanks Daniel W. for helping me get rid of 24 pounds!
4	It's a great place to workout. They have great equipment and all the stuff you want. I haven't used personal trainers there but I've seen them in action and am less than impressed. Do research, ask experts, and go in with a plan. You have all the tools at your disposal if you go in educated.
3	theres always a machine or two that dont function and the fact that the front girl never looks up at you to say high kinda sucks when youre walking in there at 6am
1	I have had it with this gym.  I should have known better but I was pressured into buying a training membership at a ridiculous monthly charge which of course they hit your credit card.  In September of this year I attempted to get them to cancel this training membership because of financial difficulties.  I was told they would take care of it and I would be put on hold with my training charges and they would only charge me $15 a month until I could resume.  So of course the next month they hit my card again and I complained.  It took them 2 weeks to credit me back and then within 4 days they charged my card again.  I complained on 11/12/12 and am still waiting for the refund.  On 11/27/12 I called AGAIN and was told he would "call me back" in an hour...of course no call.  Today I called and asked for the gym manager.  We will see what happens but I WILL NEVER AGAIN USE THIS GYM.  This has been a source of frustration and stress for me for 2 months now.  Don't have anything great to say about the training when I was receiving it either...nothing bad just nothing great either.
2	I've been to many gym's in my lifetime and this gym by far has the most unwelcoming front desk of all time.  Not all of them are like this mind you, but some of them there make it seem as if you are inconveniencing them by just wanting to sign in.  At the very least, smile.  Maybe even greet a person every now and then.  You know what,  don't even do that.  Just turn around the scanning thing so I can sign myself in.  Lets just avoid any kind of fake conversation, I just wanna freakin work out.  Just turn around the scanner.
4	I go here quite often and have never had any real issues at all with the staff or equipment. I'm not a guy who invests in personal training because you can find EVERYTHING online, I'd even go with saying you can find better instruction or even trainers online. But every time I have talked to an employee they have always been nice and professional. I have even participated in some cardio circuit classes here just to make it interesting, but it turned out not so great because I was the only guy in a 45 person class. I always wipe down my machines and rack my weights and for the most part the staff is actually on people about cleaning / racking and it seems to have gotten better.There are a group of west siders who come in here wearing club clothes / boy shorts / full makeup and love to text. This is the only downer for me in the gym because they often sit on the machines I like to use, more power to them I guess. The Sauna works great, the pool is well maintained, and the locker room is kept clean. The elliptical machines always seem to work fine.Protein bar is cool.There are enough free weights to accomplish gains I would recommend this gym to my yelp friends, and I'm lucky to have my membership at the Pure Fitness price :)remember... It's Still Your Mother F*ing Set - CT Fletcher
1	LA Fitness needs to work on their customer service. My first visit to Avondale I asked for a tour. The snippy little blond that showed me around seemed get an attitude because I asked questions and told her that when I signed up I received a free hour of training. She kept insisting they don't have free training!  Then I got sick had to have surgery and didn't use the membership.  Once I got well decided I was going to start going the next week.  Just so happens my bank changed my debit card and I didn't update it. Got a call that my payment didn't go thru.  Explained the situation to the person that called me and told her I would go online that evening and update my card.  Was told that would be necessary as she would take my number over the phone.  I told her I was driving down I-10 on my way to work and I couldn't give it to her right now...she hangs up in my face.  OK I'M DONE!!!!  I don't do bad customer service.  Called the number back and told the manager what happened and asked to cancel my membership.  She got an attitude too telling me that I should just pay my bill and no one would bother me.  Asked to have my membership cancelled.  I received a total of 10 calls in the next 7 days.  Asked for the number to corporate...it just gets you back to a customer service center.  They have so many complaints they don't want to bother their corporate office with a complaint.  DONE DONE DONE!!! Will never do business with them again.
3	Went there today (9am)for a tour. Front desk girl was polite and quickly got the sales girl. The sales girl was polite. She asked appropriate questions and tailored the tour to my answers. She wasn't pushy at all, politely explained everything I was interested in. When I explained that I wasn't interested in group classes or trainers, she said okay and moved on.The facility seemed to be clean and in good condition. The child watch had two kids in it and the employee wasn't playing with them, just leaning on the counter. The sales girl asked for my personal info and I declined (other than my name). She politely said "okay" and moved on. She quoted me $34.99 month + $10 for child watch. I know I could've haggled, but I was just on an info gathering mission.  I will update if I join.Side note:Went to Lifetime Fitness right after. When i declined to give them my phone/address, they refused to give a tour. thus, i walked out and wont be back. Thank you LA for respecting privacy.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!! You have been warned! When you are there they tell you you can cancel at anytime, you pay for first and last month plus an initiation fee. total $97... after 2 weeks i decited to go back to 24hr Fitness. I was told i cant Do that and they will keep my $97 if I cancel.  The sales team are friendly and are quick to take your credit card, come time to cancel its a huge hassle and they treat you like shit because you needed to join a gym closer to your home. The front desk people are very unprofessional, constantly on their personal phones and on one instance one of the girls was on the phone with a customer rolling her eyes like the caller was dumb and she was wasting her time. Total assholes. Stay away
1	I played racquetball last Monday and the previous few weekends without air conditioning in the courts. Each time I ask, I'm told that they will call maintenance but it hasn't been fixed for at least a month.I'm not sure if they are trying to save on their energy bill or trying to kill their customers, but I don't like it.
4	Nice location.. The machines are clean and the trainers are nice. I signed up for personal training. There is some inconsistency between the trainer that signs you up and your actual trainer. That doesn't bother me too much as I do my workout with the trainer then cardio afterwards. My daughter is working out with me for the first time. She's not use to a personal trainer but will in due time. The trainer follows up with you during the week to make sure you're doing good. I like the personal touch.I've been working out in the mornings and around 4:30. Doesn't appear to be too busy during those times. Return to work next week so we will see if it's a madhouse in the evening.
