5	Matter of Taste is my favourite place to get coffee in Kitchener. They are actual baristas pulling real espresso, and they regularly win awards. The prices are very reasonable, and the atmosphere is very friendly. I definitely recommend this place over any other coffee in the downtown core.
5	I completely agree with the other review of this location of Matter of Taste. The atmosphere inside is great, and whenever I have been in they have always had an interesting selection of music playing. It's a great place to enjoy a coffee and get a bit of work done. They have excellent coffee, pleasant servers, and real baristas! I highly recommend the iced cappuccino in the summertime. It is an excellent and refreshing drink for a hot weather day, and unlike some other coffee shops their iced cappuccino is actually what it says it is: espresso and milk shaken over ice (gives it a lighter, foamier texture, much like a hot cappuccino).
5	Matter of Taste has the best coffee in KW. Hands down. In a sea of Coffee Cultures and Tim's and Starbucks, Matter of Taste stands out for its knowledgable baristas, beautiful lattes, great front window, downtown Kitchener location, and un-annoying clientele. Before moving to KW, I lived in a university town that had a great indie coffee shop on every corner. I could coffee-hop from one to another in a single (well-caffeinated) afternoon without a thought for Starbucks overpriced burnt coffee or a barista who had no idea what a latte actually entailed. For some reason KW, university town that it is, is woefully lacking in good coffee shops. Matter of Taste is a welcome oasis of excellent coffee in the land of Tim's.
5	Completely redone! Awesome vibe, amazing coffee, and they have loose leaf tea! Will definitely be going back. Pumpkin drip coffee is a gem!
4	Nothing to complain about this place. I had their hot chocolate and it was definitely one of the best I've had. It was definitely a step up from the usual Tim Hortons/Starbucks craziness I get myself into all the time.I took away one star simply because I wish this place was open later at night. 7pm on weekdays is simply way too early considering it's in Downtown, and council is trying to find ways to increase pedestrian activity there at night...perhaps the first thing they should do is to persuade stores to open later?
5	I've ordered cream horn, tiramisu and Canadian fog here. It's my first time try out the Canadian fog, which is the maple tea latte. The food is wonderful, the environment is very cozy and comfortable. Definitely will come over again!
4	It's my first time here and I already like it more than Coffee Culture. I bought the mochachino (a version of the cappuccino with dark sauce added for sweetness). If you're not a fan of drinks that are very strong and bitter, they have a decent selection to choose from! The environment is clean, cozy, and comfortable, but their bakery is very limited and small. I'll give it a 4 because I was hoping there would be more than bar desserts. Overall, definitely one of my favourite places in KW!PS. Free Wi-Fi and power outlets. Great place if you're looking to get some work done.
5	Pleasantly surprised with discovering matter of taste. I bought their iced coffee and it was quite good. Their washrooms are clean and spacious, they have free wifi, and they offer a similar menu and atmosphere as Starbucks, just not quite as pricey.
5	What more can I say that has not already been said here ? Cool Fresh Interior Design - great staff - super clean - found this place looking for Gelato online - highly rated and rightfully so - we've been back 4 times in 3 weeks. The hip aura & flavors like Strawberry Basil / Lime Mint as well as many other numerous off the wall flavor combos make this the place to be. Excellent coffee as well - roasted and ground fresh in house I believe - saw baskets of beans near the counter. We come strictly for the Gelato but will venture into the other items soon. Downtown's making a great come back - A Matter of Taste leads the way.
5	Why would anyone in the KW region even go to Tim Horton's when we have this jewel of a coffee place.
