3	*If you bought an AmazonLocal deal for this place, you might want to get a refund because they don't accept them here.I came here with my sister because we were in the area and I happened to have my AmazonLocal deal with me (good for $10 worth of food and beverages). The place is very tiny. I can't even think of a place to compare it to, but somehow they managed to fit about 4 small tables inside. When we just walked in, I went directly up to the girl at the cash register and asked her if I could use my voucher. She just said, "No." Um, okay. So I asked for an explanation and just said something about how they don't have the codes. No apology, no nothing; Not the best customer service. I'll be honest, the ONLY reason why I came here was because I bought the voucher, so I was pretty annoyed that they weren't accepting it when we came, especially since I purchased it only 10 days ago. Needless to say, we stayed and ate anyway. I ordered 2 fish tacos ($2 ea) and a medium lemonade and my sister got a lengua burrito and a Jarritos. Our total came out to $14, which was actually a pretty good deal. The food came out after about 5 minutes. My sister's burrito was pretty huge and she actually started laughing at it because she didn't expect it to be so big. It came with a small salad and a few chips on the side. She said it tasted okay, but was a little watery inside. My tacos were delicious. After talking to the cashier girl, I thought I had my mind set on giving this place two stars. However, once I took a bite from my fish taco, I knew I couldn't give this place anything less than 3 stars. These were seriously some of the best fish tacos I've had in Vegas. They were so fresh, so crisp, and so flavorful. The orange sauce inside the tacos was very tasty and there were even slices of avocado inside the tacos, which was a huge bonus.If you're ever in the area and craving some fish tacos, you should definitely give this place a shot. The ambiance and customer service isn't the best, but you can always take it to go.
4	My husband and I moved to Las Vegas from Southern California, where we are used to being able to drive to any given corner and find a taco stand with authentic Mexican tacos being prepared on a grill outside. This is simply not the case here in Vegas. An authentic taco is hard to come by, so we were very pleased when we came across El Paisano.Passing by, it looks like a sketchy hole-in-the-wall kind of place (as many of the best places to eat often do), but what finally brought us in was smelling that familiar aroma of carne asada on the grill and seeing the chefs grilling it outside...it reminded us of home. We went in and ordered two chicken tacos, two carne asada tacos, and a large horchata. Mmmm Mmmm Mmmm!!!! The restaurant itself is very small on the inside, so don't come with a large group expecting a sit down dinner. But you will find that many people get their tacos and then eat it right there in the parking lot outside or in their cars.If you're a fan of real tacos, this place is a must try. Reasonably priced, authentic, and delicious!
4	On the way home from a successful shopping trip, my fella was craving tacos. We saw this place and decided to go renegade and give them a try without even glimpsing at the Yelp reviews. I know, living on the edge.They have a grill set up outside the shop, but you order inside. The place is very small but they have about four tables set up for seating. Their menu is pretty extensive. I was really interested in getting the pozole, but since we were taking it go I opted for tacos instead, figuring they would travel better. I ordered barbacoa, carnitas and an al pastor. My fella got chorizo, some al pastor and some carne asada. We also got a hibiscus tea to share. The wait was short, but there was a little salsa bar that had all the necessary condiments and to go containers to fill up before our meals came out. Our food was ready quickly and we were on our way home in no time. It smelled great in the car and I could hardly wait to rip the packages open and since I had skipped lunch that day. Once home we unwrapped our dinner and were pleasantly surprised by how well the food traveled. They took a lot of care to package everything well. The tacos were great! I have to say that the barbacoa was both of our favorites, so we'll definitely be back for those again soon. I also really want to try some of their soups and other dishes as well. So glad taking a risk paid off.
4	My favorite taco place. Open pretty late, cheap, great food. My last of many visits was for a pork barbacoa taco, lengua taco and a soda for my buddy all came to a whopping total of $5.Order inside, chefs outside cooking, not many tables but worth it even if you cant get a table (there are only 4 or 5).
2	Ok, I dont want to be the bad guy here, because everything tasted delicious. We went for lunch and I ordered the pozole and the taco de barbacoa. My honey had a breakfast burrito. The taco was outstanding. He kept picking out very fatty, almost raw looking pieces of bacon out of his burrito. He thought that was odd, as raw bacon is a big nono! I was enjoying my pososle and it was a huge bowl, so I had to get a to go container. As I was packaging it up, I noticed a blue bone in the soup. At the time, I didnt think about it and just removed the weird bone from the soup. When I came home, I was very nauseas and threw up like never before. Be very wary of what you order here. Their taco de barbacoa was out of this world, but I would be careful on ordering other menu items.
5	Yumm, yumm, yummy !!!! This place is right downt he street from me, and last night i finally stopped for a bite after i got off work.  And im sooo glad i did.This place is amazing and super authentic, which sometimes is hard to find.  I got a bean and cheese burrito (extra cheese) and my mom got 5 carne asada tacos.  So good and fresh and hot.  I will def. go back.  Highly recomend :)
2	Went here a couple of days ago on a whim and won't be back! Chicken in the chicken quesadilla tasted like it was just boiled and the salsa tasted like it came straight out of a jar. My husband got tacos de tripas and del pastor. Those were good, but you can't have decent tacos without decent salsa. Not worth what we paid for, won't be back.
3	Any variation of the California burrito or nachos is a solid meal, and a large one. Service is friendly, and dining room is huge with several screens broadcasting futbol at any given time. Breakfast burritos are limited to bacon or ham, which originally pushed me to try their California burrito on my first visit: it's traditional to get it with asada (and the texture contrast is signature to this dish), but the lengua here is good and flavorful, and I sometimes get that instead.The nachos will run you $8+/order, but is large enough for two full-grown men to share while watching a game. They'll insist on separate orders but each will have a sad, unfinished heap they can't manage to finish at the end.Low prices, good quality. Don't forget to get salsa with your takeout orders- it's not automatically put in the bag for you!
1	It's sad when I haven't even left a place yet and I already am writing a review. So I get an hour for lunch everyday and I was in the mood for Mexican. I've driven past this place many times and decided to stop in. It's the same as any other fast food Mexican place. Menu on the wall with pictures for easy ordering, salsa bar off to the side and some tables and chairs in a dining room for sitting. I wanted nachos, so I ordered the al pastor nachos and a small drink for $10 and some change. I stop at the salsa bar and get a few salsas, green, then go sit down. 15 minutes goes by and I haven't gotten my food yet. I see other people who have come in after me receive their food. I HATE that. Isn't it first come first serve? So 25 minutes comes and goes and I am getting impatient! Finally after 35 minutes I get my food. They bring my food on a tray with like 3 other orders! Orders for people that came in AFTER me. They must have been in a rush to get the orders out cause they all came out at once and maybe that is why they messed up my order. Yes they messed up my order! First things first I ordered al pastor and I got carne asada. I don't know if its because I am a white girl they think I wont notice the difference in meats, but guess what? I sure do notice! I hate to think like that but I got charged for al pastor so why did I get asada?  At this point I am angry. I have now wasted over half my lunch waiting for food and I get the wrong shit. Second, the meat was cold and the nachos were dripping in grease. And lastly the meat had no flavor. This is the main reason I don't order asada because I find generally the meat is not seasoned well, hence the reason for ordering al pastor. The El Paisano Taqueria is no bueno in my book and I won't be back.
