4	Oysters.... Oysters.... I love Oysters!Starting at $15.99 for a dozen...I should have practice my oyster shucking techniques more than my eating techniques!Great selections of fresh fish and other seafood makes Poissonnerie Aqua Mare a winner at Marche Jean Talon.When the market is busy, there is also a hot table where you can get some cooked food: soup, sandwiches etc and enjoy a light snack at the tables in the front of the store.Now if I can find some Champagne to go with the Oysters!
4	The freshest fish and chips I had in a long time.
4	good fishmonger in JTM. the great selection of seafood is fresh but it can be quite pricey. they have a decent selection of frozen seafood too.the fried section which is only open during the warmer months is really good but pricier and not the best in town. i don't eat there often as fried food during summer takes a toll on my mood (me being a sweaty pig is not a lovely sight..)the negative is there's no po' boy! considering it's a fried seafood sandwich, i don't understand the lack of such delicious staple and being in the market, you have every ingredients in sight. so, to satisfy my craving, i usually grab a small baguette near where i live, some tomato and lettuce at JTM and a plate of fried seafood, either calamari or shrimp. i'd love some octopus but there's not a lot of fan of the tentacles out there. i haven't seen fried fish either but i may be blind. assemble everything including spreading the tartar sauce and voila, an expensive but oh so delicious po' boy!i prefer making a quick stop at comptoir 21 (because it's cheaper) or if i have time, to my favorite fish n chip place, brits and chip but poissonerie aqua mare does the trick if you're going for a picnic at jarry park
4	I love this place, not only because the quality of the product here, but also the staff members. The Boite aux Huitres across the aisle is their brain-child, so when we were cruisin' by and noticed they were closed, we were disappointed; but then I found out that you can get any oysters you want shucked for you at the store. The gentleman who works the counter at Boite was there, and he even taught me to shuck them myself! Yep - so I can buy them and DIY at home, saving about 25 cents a piece. Got 24 oysters today, 12 Blackberry Point and 12 Lucky Lime. Both the bf and I liked the Blackberry point ones best but both were great. So fresh, and amazingly tasty with just some lemon juice.This place is dangerous for my wallet...
