2	Tried it! Safe to eat. =)
3	I have to say it is the average Fatburger experience. The staff is friendly and eager to please. This one is not so busy as the other locations around Las Vegas. It has plenty of easy parking. The lot is also easy to get in and out of.Like other Fatburger locations if your in a hurry I find it better to call ahead or order on-line unless your with someone who's company you enjoy. They don't cook the burgers until they are ordered so the wait can be a monotonous if there is a line of people.I like my Fatburgers cut in half and my fries well-done.
2	One of the few fast food chains that offers a veggie burger option. They use the Boca patty which is not my favorite. Pros-Staff is friendly-Offer a veggie burger, turkey burger-Skinny Fries (not diet food but they are cut thinner than steak fries)Cons-Burgers don't taste that good. My veggie burger was very very lackluster and my friend's beef patty was apparently not a home run either- Price : 11 dollars for a fast food  meal (burger, fries, coke)- Not really fast food if it takes 10 min to get the foodIt's going to be a long time before I go to FatBurger again. Not impressive but edible.
3	First, I feel like I should defend Fatburger from those who complain about the price or the length of wait for the food.  Yes, a fatburger costs more than a Quarter Pounder or a Whopper, and yes it takes longer to get.  That's because (A) it's a thicker (fatter) burger with fresher ingredients, and (B) it hasn't been sitting under a heat lamp waiting for you to come in and order it.  A fatburger is cooked to order, so they are fresh.  Quality is a positive thing, even if you have to pay for it, or wait for it.In my high school days, when I had a little extra to spend, I used to go to Fatburger with a group of friends and get some chili-cheese fries covered with diced onions and a chocolate milk shake made with real ice cream.  We would hang out in the lobby, listening to that great old time rock 'n' roll and classic soul that they always play.  Those were good times.Now that I try to eat healthier, it's been a couple of years since I've had their chili cheese fries or milk shake, but I still go to Fatburger once in awhile just for their veggie burger.  Kudos to Fatburger for offering a healthy alternative to standard fast food fare.  (If only In-N-Out Burger would introduce a burger with a veggie patty).  Fatburger uses a substantial Boca patty in their veggie burgers, and it makes for a tasty, satisfying meal.  It's probably the only thing I'll ever order from Fatburger anymore, so it's a really smart way to keep people like me coming back.
3	I know, I know... I'm supposed to keep my food consumption controlled if I am to either lose some of this weight or maintain.  I couldn't help but try out Fatburger again after the whole discussion between In&Out and Fatburger.  I wanted to make sure that my choice between the two were correct.  And, hands down I will choose In&Out over Fatburger.  Sorry Fatburger fans.I chose this location just because of convenience.  What I like about Fatburger is the fact they take call ins, the patties are fatter and thicker, and the choice to have an egg in your burger is available.  Mmmm, such a delight to have egg in a burger.Downfalls are that the meat is somewhat hard and dry, the relish on the burger doesn't do anything for my pallet, and the taste just doesn't do it for me.  There's just something missing.  I thought the onion rings were good but all that oil just lost me.  Staff were great and awesome.  Lady calling out names when the order is up seems cheerful and willing to go above and beyond.  I liked her enthusiasm.  :D
2	My girlfriend is a fan of Fatburger, so I decided to go to this location to surprise her with some food. I quickly discovered, however, that Fatburger, this location in particular, is a very mixed bag.First and foremost, the biggest flaw: NO DRIVE-THRU WINDOW. In this day and age, I didn't think they were still making fast food restaurants that required you to get out of your car. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that this is a big mistake.Secondly, the service is very hit and miss. One time I asked for the thin/skinny fries, and they put the larger steak fries in my bag anyway (which if you ask me, aren't as good.) One time they tried taking my order when they weren't even standing at the register, and needless to say I wound up repeating it several times. Another thing that is really weird about this location is their jukebox. It brags about free music, yet the LCD appears to be covered up. On top of that, it even has money/credit card slots. Seriously? Having access to free music would be a great way to kill time while waiting for my order, but it looks to me like this damn thing doesn't even work.And another big flaw.... the PRICES. For a medium burger and a small  order of fries, its TEN DOLLARS. And this is WITHOUT A DRINK! The food at Fatburger is excellent, and I believe they would be justified in asking slightly more for their items.... but this is ridiculous.If you MUST eat at a Fatburger, go to one with a drive-through - and be prepared to pay more than you might want to. This is a place that has the potential to be great, but this one needs a drive-thru, improved service, and lowered prices before I give them anything above 2/5.
1	Seriously have no idea why people think this is even remotely a decent burger.  For fast food give me In n Out or nothing.  This burger is boring, no flavor at all, no seasoning no chargrill.  Average.  Would rather be Tom Hanks in Castaway and eat a crab that is still living.
4	If you've been to a Fatburger before, you know what to expect.The food is on par with every other restaurant in the chain that I've visited, which is to say incredibly greasy and fattening --the way an item named "Fatburger" should be.I've never had a bad experience here, but it could stand to be a little cleaner and the food is still only a notch above standard fast food fare.
4	For some reason I'm on a Fatburger kick lately.  I was in the area, so I stopped by and ordered a Large Fatburger with Cheese and Skinny Fries. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5jTmjxb1X34EfcY1gos4tw?select=GHXXu6KUhAB1WgvXVovFBghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5jTmjxb1X34EfcY1gos4tw?select=nuXk9K_k26TXuwTqscisEAI like this location because the restaurant is always clean and there are plenty of seats and tables.The food took a while to come out.....it's Fatburger after all.  The Fatburger was very good, as usual, and the Fries were cooked just right.  I couldn't finish the order of Fries, next time I'll pass.  Solid 4 Stars ()Return Factor - 90%
2	Fatburger's been around Vegas for a while and had a reputation as the best burger in town for years. Recently they've been outclassed by SmashBurger and I can say there's not much reason to go back. The burgers are average and served with relish and lots of mayo which makes for an odd sweet taste. Fries taste about the same as those from the frozen section of the grocery store and are rather limp. This location had particularly bad service. Went in around 8 pm on a weeknight and there was only one staff member behind the counter, trying to fix a broken milkshake machine. Took about five minutes for other staff members to show up and even then they hung around the kitchen area. We had to wait for the first staff member to finish making milkshakes to help us and then he was incredibly unfriendly. On top of that there's no drive-thru.If you're looking for a good burger in Vegas go to SmashBurger, or at the least In-N-Out. Avoid Fatburger.
4	I'm not sure what more one could want if a fat burger with the works, American cheese, bacon and a fried egg doesn't do it for you.  I can tell you that's the only way to go.  Add a chocolate shake if you game.
4	Fat Burger is great! Consistent Burgers and Fries. It's delicious... I see fred saying it's "outclassed by SmashBurger"... sometimes it's 100% better than other burger joints... definitely 100% better than SmashBurger. GREAT BURGER AND FRIES.
3	Fatburger and breakfast? I never really saw myself eating here on a lazy Sunday morning, but a quick and casual breakfast craving brought me here. Plus, seeing that breakfast is served all-day, I can see a breakfast fanatic (me) frequenting this place on more than one occasion.Don't come here expecting extravagance. You get your typical breakfast sandwich: a bun packed with a sausage patty, cheese, and a fried egg on the bottom. The fried egg was a nice touch, which gave it more a homemade taste that you don't get in most major fast food joints. It's not a gigantic sandwich, but it's a good enough size to get my fill. Although it doesn't specify in the menu, the sandwich comes with a side of tater tots too.. score!I'd skip out on ordering the OJ. Turns out, it's the bottled concentrated Tropicana stuff. Does not taste fresh squeezed, nor does it taste fresh. Reminds me of the sour OJ sipping sessions during depressing hospital visits. Definitely gonna roll with a coffee on the next visit.Prices more than reasonable for the breakfast menu. I got my sandwich, tater tots, and OJ all for under $5. I end up spending almost twice that much getting something off the regular menu.P.S. - Free Wi-Fi is offered here!
4	The amount of late night spots that I am starting to Yelp, makes me thing I should create a list. Fatburger deserves a place at that table!Having lived in SoCal for a number of years, and now, once again, Sin City, Fatburger is a staple for late night grub. The location on the strip is open 24/7 and is the perfect choice when you are trying to nurse yourself into zombie mode. I say that because, sometimes, Vegas can be too much fun, and you are near a coma-tose point. Being a Zombie would take some sort of miracle. Fatburger, can be that miracle.On my way home from the club the other night, I got hungry. There really isn't too much in the way of convenience at 5am near my place (I can't wait to move to the Strip). Thankfully, this Fatburger location popped up like an oasis in the desert.Feeling "healthy", I decided to order the Turkey Burger. With Bacon. Clearly, I wasn't in the right frame of mind, but whatever. It was late.Yeah, it was delicious, amazing, and the whole nine yards but the reason I give this place Four Stars is simple. Convenience, speedy service, and a clean restaurant.Done and done.
1	I showed up here after work to get a burger and fries on Saturday night at 410am. The posted hours on the door read open until 5. The employees inside locked the door, then proceeded to laugh and ignore me. Unprofessional, and infuriating.
1	I'm writing this review as I just sat down to eat, I was craving a turkey burger, so I thought this would do the trick. So I order, and go to wash my hands, this bathroom was so disgusting, I've been in cleaner gas stations than this. Graffiti on the diaper changer thing, the floor was repulsive and I won't even speak about the toilet. As I come out to find a table, I notice all the tables are dirty, and the seats. I'm starting to lose my appetite. Since the grill is open I'm trying to asses the situation behind the counter to see how dirty things are. Should I stay or should I go now? Ask for my money back and leave? Ugh decisions. I decide what doesn't kill you makes you stronger (I was really hungry) and I gave the turkey burger a try. Was pretty tasty.   The ambiance, not so much, between the thoughts of a dirty restaurant, and the guy behind the counter making burgers singing mariachi music, and the day workers in the home depot parking lot, I'm positive I won't be coming back here.
2	This is a tricky review to write as I do enjoy Fatburger products but the service is inconsistent. Often times they forget to add the extras that you order for your burger. On several occasions I have ordered bacon on my burger and have gotten home to discover no bacon was ever added. About half of the time something is wrong. The staff is friendly and helpful but many of them are not properly trained. Often the credit/debit machine is out of order. Compared with In-N-Out Burger the wait time is very long. Sometimes I have had to wait 20 to 30 minutes for one burger, not to mention that the store wasn't even crowded! I would hate to see what would happen if a lunch crowd came in. 2 Stars.
4	I love Fatburger and this location is one of the better and bigger ones in town. The dining area is really big so there are always comfy tables or booths. And the rocking jukebox is FREE so play some tunes while you eat. I usually get an XXL (double cheeseburger) with grilled onions, pickles and all-beef chili. I'm a low carber so I'll get it served in a dish with no bun. I love the beef here and I love how it is cooked in all of its own delicious burger grease. Sit at the counter and talk to the cooks while they prepare your dinner, and order a soda that you can keep refilling yourself at the self-service soda bar (this location has Coke Zero and Gold Peak brewed tea, both make my tummy happy). I love Fatburger's handmade milkshakes too (and their skinny and fat fries) but I've had to give those up due to all the carbs. But if you can, try their skinny chili cheese fries, they are the best. They melt shredded cheddar on them which is the key to good cheese fries. There are also a long list of possible toppings you can get on your Fatburger from relish to fried eggs to bacon and grilled onions. They also make grilled chicken and veggie burgers too, and both are good. You can also get your burger on a whole wheat bun or wrapped in lettuce.Everything is cooked to order here so once you order you are given a number. They'll deliver the food to your table. Plan on spending about $25 for 2 people; it's not exactly cheap but it's convenient and the food is always fresh, hot, and served with a smile. The bathrooms are usually pretty clean here too, and they have FREE wi-fi so you can work through lunch.
2	Went tonight after going to this location tons of times. Always consistant. Tonight they were poorly staffed with only three people working and two of them on their first day. The woman who took our order was missing at least two teeth. It was disgusting. I cant believe they would have her greet people. She did not look sanitary at all. My husband got the XXL which he always gets. It was off. They loaded it with mayo. They never do that. He heard them ask what the order of condiments was supposed to be when she was making the burger. She also complained loudly that it was too hot! Just make our burger and quit bitching loudly. it was really off tonight.
4	Stopped in with the mom to grab a quick dinner. The place was a ghost town. Not complaining. It was a Sunday and it meant quick and speedy service. I think we all know how long you can wait for a Fatburger to be cooked when the place is packed!Anyway, I got the veggie burger and mom got the regular. Both were pretty good and the fries were awesome! Best fries I've had from a fast food chain to date. I say this because it had been YEARS since I've eaten at Fatburger, let alone ordered their fries because the burger always seemed to be enough. I was starving this day! lol!Staff was very friendly and the cashier working that day was pretty darn cute, I might add. ;)I recommend. Yup....sure do!
5	Always good.  I try to go as often as I can.
3	When I feel like having a good old fashioned hamburger, this is where I go.  It's just a good, juicy hamburger, and they do it right.  Love that you have a choice between steak fries or skinny fries, and both are good.  Their chili is also decent, and goes well with their fries or on their burgers.  I like that they give you a list of everything they put on your burger, so that you can pick and choose.  Also, handmade milkshakes, yum.
1	Went to this place for lunch with some friends, ordered the food to go.  Obviously they are in NO RUSH WHATSOEVER, even when you ask after 20 minutes where the food is.There were maybe 2 or 3 orders ahead of us, and we all got basic burger combos.  We actually watched them make our hamburgers, and I'm pretty sure the cooks had never made one in their entire life -- or thought that if they stared at the patty long enough all of their problems would be answered.  THIS IS NOT GOURMET FOOD, THIS IS FAST FOOD.Overall it took us half an hour from order to walking out the door.  No apologies even given.  Fries were done well before burgers, so they sat under a light IN FRONT OF US for most of the time.  Ridiculous.  Will NOT go back, and highly encourage the rest of you to NOT go.
3	This isn't the best Fatburger in the world... I've been here a handful of times and it usually takes a bit too long to get your order. The burgers are a bit too salty for my taste too. On the other hand they have FANTASTIC real milkshakes and are open til like 3 AM. If I'm looking for a better burger I'll either grill it myself or drive down the street to Fuddruckers.
2	Usually we really enjoy eating at Fatburger.  The last two visits have left us disappointed....The place is not crowded and yet our food comes out warm.  No excuse when ours is the only order being made.  Tonight not only were the burgers just warm, they were extremely salty and even the fries were not the usual piping hot.  Not sure why the quality is going down, but we will be trying other burger places for a while.
1	I've been to other Fatburger's in the valley and this one is by far the worst. Came in here at 5:50pm to order two burgers to go, one medium and one large, with cheese and no tomatoes, and some fries. The cashier was very nice, however don't be fooled, a nice face does not mean a sense of urgency. My order was punched in at 5:59, and since I know the burgers are make to order, I expected the food to be out in about ten minutes.Wrong. The female cashier and the male cook had absolutely no teamwork whatsoever. They were all over the place and were literally falling apart, with only 4-5 orders on the screen. There was food just sitting under the heat lamp for a good ten minutes before she decided to grab it and hand it off. At the 20 minute mark, I was getting impatient, because an elderly woman got her order (two burgers) before me, and she ordered after me. I politely asked where my food was, and the cook said it was coming right up, and that if I had a complaint, it wasn't their fault because they were short handed. That's a load of BS in my opinion. I manage a high volume restaurant and any competent staff can handle multiple orders, ESPECIALLY when the whole menu is essentially burgers and fries. Even with two people, with proper teamwork, sense of urgency, and a sense of priority, they should be able to handle a work load, especially since it is what they are trained to do. 6:34 comes around and I finally get my food, along with one other woman that was waiting for her orders to come out, which had a long ticket time as well. The cashier went up to me and said if I came in next time and said they botched my food, I would get a replacement. I don't want a replacement. I want to go into a food establishment, and get my order within a reasonable time period. 30 minutes is not acceptable ticket time for two burgers that weren't even made properly. Other locations are good, just this one needs some serious improvement.
5	It is the place I go for burgers.  Fatburgers.  The shakes and fries simply tidy the meal up in my opinion.  :)
2	I love fat burgers but last time my families order was not right and ever time it gets dirtier and dirtier.  It is so unclean that I stopped going.  For example, go to a smash burger on Sahara and compare the inside and the cleanliness.  I like the taste of FB better but I don't want to eat some place that is dirty.  Imaging what the kitchen, that we don't see, is like.
1	Not very well maintained.  No soap or paper towels in the restroom, there was not even a soap dispenser.  But... there was a sign saying employees must wash hands before returning to work.  I'm not sure how they will manage to do that. Also, literally ever napkin holder every table was empty.  If these obvious things are over looked, it makes me wonder what corners are cut behind the scenes. Go to another location if you can help it.
4	I am not sure I was at the same place as the other reviewers. My experience was pretty darn good. The customer service was great. The place was clean. The burgers were fresh and tasty. The service was rather quick. They cook to order so I would think this may be why it takes a few extra minutes.
2	Ordered 4 med burgers with cheese, fat fries, onion rings and 4 drinks.  Priced was about $40 which was not bad for a burger joint that is made to ordered. we figured it would be a long wait but didn't realize it would be 20 plus minutes.  However after reading all the reviews we knew it was worth the wait.  Burger came out and it was dry, nothing like the other reviews where others said it was juicy.  Huge disappointment!2 stars since the onion rings and fat fries we decent.
4	I'm so surprised at how low the rating is for this location. I've always had great experiences here and the staff is very friendly! The restaurant is clean and the atmosphere is fun. I admit the burgers are pretty pricey (my husband and I can easily spend $25 for both of our meals), but the food is delicious!
1	Hello my name is Ocean Anders and I can't get that burger at exactly 12:15 PM and unbeknownst to me they had already closed hours before I had Yelp this particular location and found them to be open till 1 AM when I arrived at the destination they were fucking close. So if they say that there open till 1 am. They are lieing asswhole's
1	They took forever & messed up all our orders! Thanks guys you have terrible service.
3	The food is just ok.The burgers are really salty & greasy. Other than the salt, there is no flavor.The fries are salty too.On the plus side, the service is good. The employees walk by & ask you how is everything.
3	Burgers are good.  But really thin patties.   Really not much meat at all.  As with most places you get way more bread and bun then meat.   If your carb conscious opt for lettuce  instead.    They do have some killer shakes though
1	This location is shitty. Just went there at 12:30 when they close at 2 am. They were out of hamburger buns and the soda machine was out of service yet she still took my order and let me pay. In the end I got a refund but I won't be returning.
4	The service isn't the fastest but the food is great and they have never screwed up any of my orders like other fast food places.
2	I see this is a pattern at this location. I already am leery of fatburger due to the food poisoning I've received at another location. When they made our order (take out) the service was pleasant. When we got home to discover one of the burgers was wrong (three is a much higher number than 2 and therefore hard to count to) we packed it up and drove back. They told us "They would prepare us a fresh order, but didn't want to get in trouble with their manager. Well, I WOULD return to the place, but I ate cold, soggy hamburgers that cost me over $20, for just the burgers. With this location in the hub of Five Guys and Fuddruckers, I do not feel that I should have to pay that kind of money for poor customer service AND just a burger. I can go to a full service restaurant in the area and receive CUSTOMER SERVICE, and that's even if I choose to just have take out. Luckily, since they do cook everything fresh (at least half of our order), I had plenty of time to type up this review and post it to several review pages.
1	This location does not have the correct time posted and the service is slow :(The only positives are clean location and okay food.
5	Just finished eating here. service was great, didn't catch the dude's name but the guy who rung me up amd cooked/served my food was cool and seemed liked he took pride in his job. Food was served fairly quick seeing as how the food is made to order and fresh. Burger was big and juicy (I ordered the XXL 1lb burger) the veggies were fresh. The only thing I suggest they do is get heartier buns that can hold up when topped with 16oz of juicy beef (half way thru the bun wasnt sloppy soaked but it was pretty weak) the beef had a great seasoning to it and the fries, which are my favorite kind steak fries (fat fries) were cooked perfectly. It was pretty empty in the building I dont see why but the joint was clean. Overall the service, food, and the fact it took me back 9years since high school when I used to eat fat burger every other week this place scores a solid 5
2	Great food. Worst service of all time.  They rarely get it right. Root Beer float ordered 3 times in 3 visits. Meal came without float twice got it 15 minutes later after asking. Once float came without meal. Had to request meal 15 minutes later.
1	Apparently they have new owners and want to charge for everything individually.  Bring the cost of a reg fat burger meal to over $13.  Yea sorry fat burger your dreaming of you think you can charge that for your burgers with 5 guys right across the street.  Fat burger you FIRED!  I doubt this location and its owners will be here very long. Bye Felicia !  5GUYS HERE I COME
2	I ate here probably two to three times a week- veggie burgers only- to the point where the people know my order: last night I tried to order online at around 9:15. After a bit of technical preparation, the site said, 'this restaurant not available online- please call.' I called to order a veggie burger- ahead of time so that it was most convenient for me & the workers. Someone speaking almost no English answered. I said I wanted to order- he asked someone: 'Do you want to  take an order?' She said, 'no,' then came to the phone. I started to order- she said, 'will you be here within ten minutes?' (I would have been). 'Because it's 9:42 & we're not supposed to take phone orders.' 'Its 9:36 & you close at 10.' 'We go by the work clock, which says 9:42.' Are you kidding me? You go by a fantasy time about when you prepare to be closed? (I didn't say this- I thought this). I hung up - wrote a letter to corporate & I vow to take my business elsewhere. Where is pride in serving customers? By the way, this is the second time this branch closed early. They have deterred a great customer!
