4	Blossoms was a special surprise on my Mesa adventure.  After a disappointing experience at Closet a la Mode I decided to wander around and wandered into this salon and shop.  The whole front half is full of very cute and very cheap clothes.  ($20 tops? $50 jeans?)  There is a clearance room in the back, but you have to walk through the salon which I found to be somewhat awkward.  The space is really cute and the sales associates were very friendly.
5	Ask for Melissa Overson.  She is AMAZING!!!  Some people just know how to cut hair, and this girl knows how to cut hair!  I have pretty thin awful hair and every time I'm in her chair she makes my hair look beautiful!  And she teaches me how to do it myself.  She knows what looks good. She has a gift!
5	This salon has a great location in the newly modernized downtown Mesa.  The salon has a great atmosphere with a small boutique, selling designer jeans (LA Idols, etc) to name a few.  The salon houses a great expertise of stylists.  Brittany is by far one of my favorites.  Her past experiences with Tigi, Paul Mitchell, and American Crew definitely make her stand out from the rest.  Strongly recommend her services! She always treats me so well.The salon definitely deserves the 5 star rating with it's beautiful design and great customer service!
4	Been to Blossom a few times now - first time so that Kate could do my hair and the other times just to shop.  I *totally* like the atmosphere there - it's laid back, casual, and most importantly, boutique-ie without the big price tag (actually prices were quite reasonable).  Kate B did my hair and I loved it, she was friendly but not in a 'fake' 'trying-to-make-small-talk-to-pass-the-time' way, and that always works for me.  She did exactly what I asked of her.  The other time I was in there it was for a gift.. and I spent a lot of time browsing because they had SO many options.. and since the prices were good, I bought something for myself that I always get compliments on (a green coin purse with a big fabric flower on it).  I also like that they have local designers and such, though I wish some of their purses weren't 'made in china'.If I'm in the downtown Mesa area (which isn't very often), I like to stop by and just browse to see what new stuff they have.
5	Maddie did my hair and she is amazing!  I was feeling brave with my hair and described what I wanted and she cut my hair exactly how I described and I couldn't have been more happy.  And they use morrocon oil products which are the best
5	I absolutely LOVE this salon!  They have the cutest boutique in the front with reasonably priced, fashionable clothes and in the back is their salon.  Everyone there is super nice.  I see Brittany, she's AMAZING!  She took me from dark brown to light blonde slowly and safely so there was no gross brassy stage in between and so my hair would not fry off.  It looks so good that everyone thinks I am a natural blonde! I'm a customer for life!
5	All I gotta say is...Tina ROCKS! I'm always super nervous about where I get my hair cut.  I have long hair and it's all too risky to just drop into any salon and get a "trim", but after getting referred to Blossom and talking with Tina, I knew I was in good hands! Great personality - put me to sleep during my blow out! I absolutely LOVE my hair...definitely found my new spot and my new hair stylist! might I add...the salon is the CUTEST - Nice little boutique with a ton of cute accessories and  summer dresses! love it! Highly recommended...forgot to mention GREAT price for a GREAT cut!
5	Called in and got on Tina's service! She was wonderful, and did a great job on my hair. Affordable, and great service. Definitely would return. Thanks Tina :)
5	I don't get my hair cut or colored here, so I can't speak on that, but whenever I need a super stylish outfit that not everyone and their mother will have, I go to Blossom. My friends always joke that at any given time, I'm wearing something from Blossom whether it be jewelry, shoes, clothes etc. How can I not?! Their stuff is so cute and affordable!
5	As a guy, I was a bit nervous when I walked in the door, but Tina took really good care of me and gave me exactly what the wife wanted (she has all the style).
5	I. AM. OBSESSED. Kimberly is the SWEETEST stylist I've ever been to.  She was so helpful when I didn't exactly know what I wanted to do with my cut (which she did super last minute and did the most fabulous job!)  She worked around my crazy schedule  and got me in so quickly! My hair is the cutest it's ever been. I'm crazy about it, and her, and the salon!
5	If you are looking for stylist Tina, I've moved to Le Studio Salon de Beaute. But definitely still shop the boutique. They have the cutest clothes and biggest selection going on down on Main street. I've also bought some stuff for my house there too. It's like stuff you would get at the Old Brick House but they're open 5 days a week. Cara and Brooke are awesome and friendly and knowledgeable and it's a very family friendly environment. I highly recommend!
