1	Office management staff is rude and inconsiderate.  Trying to win in a no win situation.  We dropped by when my wife had an infection in her ear and asked if we would be seen it was about 4 in the afternoon.  The office manager said no, however one of the desk clerks found a 430 canceled appointment.  The office manager came up to her to reaffirm that we could not take my wife as a walk up even though we have been patients for 8 years.  Thanks alot to the desk girl that helped us out.  Thumbs down for the office manager.  The PA is great, however the Dr im not so sure about.  Precribed a sulfa based antibiotic which she had a reaction to.  A full body rash.  This is the most common problem with this drug.  So why not start with something smaller and known to be safer.  Additionally my father in law went there for swelling on his leg and he gave him an antibiotic and sent him on his way.  When we asked shouldnt he go to the hospital he said no.  He died the next week from the staph infection in the leg and kidney failure.  Although he did have terminal cancer with proper medical treactment of stronger iv antibiotics he would have most certainly made it  a little longer .
1	The doctors are good, but not any better than other doctors. Getting an appointment on short notice is difficult. There phone is almost always busy, very long waits on hold to talk to anyone. Very poor customer service when trying to get prescription refill orders. Very poor customer service by office staff. The office staff gave us the impression that they are too busy to help us and do not care about us as customers. My advice it to find a different family doctor.
4	If you see Dr. Hoag you will not be disappointed with your visit! He takes the time to listen and takes really good notes of your concerns, you can tell he is in this field for his desire to help people, he follows through quickly and will call you with results in good time too! I have been to many doctors in the past few months and he doesn't give up or quickly give an answer without taking the time to listen. I'm very happy to have found him!
1	We were absolutely shocked to the core when Dr. Hoag cancelled my husband as a patient because we asked a question pertaining to my husbands health! He'd been on over +6 very strong courses of antibiotics & was told  he need another course for a new symptom (a prostate infection)-so my husband began his 7th course of strong antibiotics. But he was concerned since he'd been feeling so ill from all the previous courses of antibiotics & read that antibiotics can cause fungal infections & fungal infections can cause prostate infections! So wanting to make sure he'd get better not worse or end up on more antibiotics we called to ask the Doctor 1) if an anti fungal would help after he finished antibiotics to which he said "no" 2) we asked the nurse if she would ask him if fungal infections can be a cause for prostate infections especially Since he'd been on so many? We absolutely meant no harm by asking the question, it was a legitimate question to help my husband so he could get better. The nurse said he'd give us a referral to a Urologist & we'd planned on taking that just as soon as he could stop back in after this last course of antibiotics to see if the urine culture showed clear or not, but he was not given the chance to even come back in to see if the antibiotics Dr. Hoag prescribed cleared the infection or not because we got a shocking Certified Letter saying Dr. Hoag would no longer treat my husband because he refused to follow his medical advise! That is absolutely not true! Dr. Hoag put my husbands health at risk by cancelling him as a patient before allowing him a follow up after the antibiotics were done. When I called the nurse in his office for clarification,, she said "He cancelled your husband as a patient because you asked twice about the anti fungal after he already told you NO!"  Not TRUE we didn't ask twice! We asked once if a fungal infection can cause a prostate infection & once if he thought an anti fungal could help" We accepted his advice but he was steamed that we dared to even ask in the first place I guess? Something is seriously wrong when a Doctor decides to PUNISH & SHAME you for asking him a question in regards to your health. I can only see this as a God send that a Doctor with a disposition like that is not interested in the betterment of your health. We have filed a report on this issue with the State Board of Medical Examiners.
