5	I LOVE MY TANK AGAIN!!! Fins & Friends has low prices ,  beautiful fish, a warranty on every fish in the shop, wonderful staff, what else is there.  I have been to all the shops, they are the only perfect shop I have found.  They are not snobbish, they are not overpriced, they are not counting on some cliche type "fish store" image, they are WONDERFUL. If you are serious about success & not wasting money on all the things the other guys try to push on you shop here. They test many of the products they sell, they love customer input on products.THANK YOU MARK & LISA FOR THE EFFORT, YOU HAVE SUCCEEDED!!!
5	This place is legit. I've been going to these guys for years. They always have a fresh and varied supply and they offer quality. This is a small family-owned business and they know many of their customers on a first name basis. I highly recommend this place to anyone who is keeps, or would like to keep, fish.
5	Very nice. Clean and so friendly. Nice to see another fish shop that cares about how the tanks look.
5	Have been going to this store since 2005. I love it! The tanks are always spotless and the fish look healthy. Their prices are very reasonable and their Catalina water is the least expensive I have found. Everytime we go in we find something cool for our tank :)
5	I have been to most of the local fish stores and this is one of my favorites. Its owned by a great couple who do  a fantastic job of keeping a nice clean storefront.  The Livestock is always healthy and they have lots of dry goods as well. On 2 occasions they were out of stock on something and they ordered it for me and it was there in about 2 days.  If you want REALLY good friendly service this is the place to shop, its only the owners who work here and they want your business so they go above and beyond to treat you well. They are more focused on salt water and fresh water fish, they have a small coral section and hopefully soon they will get more. They have been around for quite a while and i can see why, they give great service !
5	I am have been looking for a local, clean and friendly aquarium shop and I found it :) The owner is so nice and passionate about customer service and her fish which is awesome! She was very helpful about some of the problems I have been having with my betta friends and offered several solutions. In addition, she showed me around and helped me pick out another tank that I will be starting with her help and expertise. I would definitely recommend this store to any of my friends and everything  was very clean and well organized etc. with lots of varieties of products!
4	I've finally entered the world of Salt Water fish so it's time to review a couple different stores. Fins & Friends is a nice little store in North Phoenix that caters to both salt and fresh water fish. I went in looking specifically for salt water this time and was impressed by their prices compared to the other options around town and their tanks were immaculate and well labeled (a big problem at some other local stores). They had a wide variety of products and live rock as well and it was all fairly priced. My one issue with the store was the fresh water section. The tanks were a mess and their live plants were a joke. They also sell dyed fish which is unnecessary. Overall it's a fairly good store, but not as nice as a few others like Aqua Touch and Aquarium Arts, two stores that put as much effort into their fresh water animals as they do their marine.
5	Great service and prices. This is where I buy my water because its the cheapest in phoenix (even the Catalina). Fish are also healthy
5	Super friendly staff and incredibly helpful. Every tank is labeled and you cannot miss the price or type of fish. Got everything I needed for my new buddy Nuke LaLoosh just on my lunchbreak.
2	I've shopped here before. Overpriced livestock & fish supplies. Customer service was not that great. Petco has better pricing on supplies and good selection of reasonably priced freshwater, live rock & saltwater livestock.
5	I visit this place quite often to stock my Catalina Saltwater and Freshwater RO supplies since they have the best prices in the city. The staff are sooooo awesome, are very helpful and knowlwdable. I believe it's family owned and operated. What sets this part from other fish stores is the cleanliness and the customer experience. From the moment you walk in you feel invited, not afraid to ask questions and look around. The saltwater livestock is an okay selection but best of all are very healthy and come with a guarantee. I will continue to frequent this store!
5	A year later I think it is important to update my initial review. I've bought salt water fish from many stores around the valley, from Mesa to Surprise and none have fared as well as those purchased from Fins & Friends. The fish I bought on my first visit to the store are still doing well a year later, yet I've had trouble with every other fish I've bought anywhere else. For example, last week I bought a Lawnmower Blenny at a competing store and a File Fish from Fins & Friends. Introduced exactly the same way, the blenny died within two days and the file fish is doing great. Of course, Fins & Friends offers a fair return policy for dead fish while the other store offers no compensation.They have a wide variety of healthy stock that is priced fairly. In addition, you can get a discount by visiting the website first and printing a coupon. I can't say it any stronger than I will be buying all my fish from Fins & Friends from now on.
4	Nice owners got an emerald crab here and he's still doing good nice selection of fish too
5	She's like a 60s pretty mom who will help you find anything you need. She was soo patient and nice with my "big purchases" of goldfish (3), food, and a little gravel for the new pets. Total cost was $18.00 and I was treated like a valuable customer. She's a doll.
2	Two stars for having my product. Rude lady wouldn't go back in ever. She's very condescending sounding. Tanks are WAY overpriced.
