5	The Inferno plays goth, industrial, etc music.  Great place to go and dance, and there's plenty of eye candy.  Wednesday nights are nice and small, and Leather and Lace is good if you like dancing around a lot of people.  Sabbat de Sade is fun for public BDSM. Sometimes there are cool live bands.
3	I went to the last Leather and Lace night, and it was a lot of fun. Why the three stars then? Well, it's just personal ... .The place is much smaller than I expected. I wasn't expecting mega-club, but I was surprised by the compactness and not so crowded scene. I guess the perspective depends on where you come from. If you're accustomed to big-city clubs, this is not the same. But the smallness does provide a cozy atmosphere ... I don't even know if that's a good thing. Well, so there is a dance floor with not-so-fancy lighting. 3 bars in the back and a little lounge area. Smoking is allowed, but the place is pretty well ventilated (even on the "crowded" Lace and Leather night), so I didn't feel like I was going to suffocate. I had good time with my friends, but I kind of miss the larger scale clubbing!
4	I came here every year for Reverance and had a good time.  It's a little vacation for those of us in Chicago who want to "get away" but still hang out at a club together.  I've driven up for quite a few shows during the weekdays since I love how up-close-and-personal the stage is.  There are 2 bars, so it's nice not having to walk too far away to get a drink.  The atmosphere is cozy and there's plenty of comfy seating for anyone whose boots are hurting their feet!  I enjoy going here, and I love how they always have a pizza vendor there!PS - watch out for the steps when heading towards the back.  I've seen so many people fall face-first over that thing!  =)
4	I love the music. I love the dancing. I love the funky metalwork throughout the club, even down to the drain covers in the bathrooms which coordinate with the mirrors on the wall. I love the "shows" put on in the back of the club on Leather and Lace nights. I love the people watching.  I hate the smoke. I mean I really, really hate that I reek like an ashtray after going dancing here. I would come here much more frequently if it weren't for the smoke. I hate that in the winter I have to freeze my ass off walking into the place because I don't want to have to get my coat dry-cleaned to get the smoke smell out of it if I brought it in with me.
5	First time here was Leather and Lace night in Oct. 2009. Finally an adult place to have adult fun. Not a bunch of college kids goofing around and giggling like fetish night at The Cardinal. This was much more mature and so much fun! Everyone friendly. So many beautiful sexy people. Loved the guy in the mesh shirt, hee hee! Ended up getting quite naughty and I cannot wait to return. I thought it was much larger than I expected, with the dance floor in the front, the middle area bar, and then the whole area in the back with two more bars there.Finally I have a place to go play!Kissy
5	Happy to live in a city with a club like this.
4	Came to Inferno for the first time this past weekend. From the outside you could easily miss it, blending into the surrounding neighborhood, but the inside definitely lets you know where you are. Deep scarlet walls, metalwork, and interesting art identify Inferno as part of the goth/industrial/alternative scene. They definitely have a sense of humor about them, though: above the men's and women's bathrooms is a neon sign that reads cock/tails. We came on a tame Sunday night for Naked Girls Reading. It was really fun to do something different from the usual Capitol bar scene. A friend of mine goes to Inferno's many theme nights, and the pictures always look like a fun time.
5	I love the fact there is a club like this in Madison.
5	The inferno is never disappointing! From seeing A23 a few years back to Aesthetic Perfection just recently. They have Ac, a great stage, a really quant sitting lounge area and 2 bars. The place is very stylish with great color scheme. The bartenders are very knowledgeable on drinks and friendly and quick. The prices are moderate for drinks. Easy to get to. Easy parking. It seemed very friendly and inviting both times. To bad the inferno isnt in my neighborhood! :)
5	Decent cover charge, $8. Spacious. VERY good House music. No creepers. My girlfriend and I visited last night and we had a BLAST. Non-stop dancing for 2-hours because the music that THAT good and engaging; I had to force myself to take a break. I love to dance and to have a good time. We were both able to do this without being bothered by anyone and with enough space to do to so. We did not have drinks, so I can't offer any opinions on that. After a 4 hour drive from Chicago, on the same day, this was a GREAT place to end up on a whim. If you seek a clean good time with good music and lots of dancing, then the Inferno is the place to be. It was cozy. NB: No coat check, but it was not crowded so placing our coats on the seats and keeping an eye from the dance floor was not an issue. Happy dancing YAW!
5	I haven't been here too many times, but the place is great! It has a really nice atmosphere and looks a lot nicer than the clubs I've been to before. The floors weren't sticky and overall the place was actually really clean. I really wasn't expecting that especially since I went to one of the fetish nights. It's a lot smaller than I was expecting. I guess that's probably the difference between clubs in smaller cities and big cities. It's not that big of a deal to me, but I imagine they can't hold a really big crowd. The drinks are fairly strong and aren't too expensive. The bathrooms are very clean and well lit. The staff are all amazingly nice and friendly. I enjoyed taking a drink outside to the smoking area and chatting. The people I met were lovely and I'm excited to meet new people at future events!
