5	Pete is the man! My pool is sparkling clean year round, he handles it all and I never have to worry about anything. So worth it!
5	Peter is not just a pool guy - he is a pool savior. After my last pool serviceperson skipped out on me and left my pool turning green with busted equipment, Peter strode in and shortly had it looking better than I've ever seen it. A month or two later the filter gave out (a lurking issue that caused the previous problem) and while I was waiting for funds to repair it, Peter kept it limping along by coming out twice as often. When the funds were available, he popped it in like magic and had the whole thing looking great again in no time.Knowledgeable, clearly and demonstrably competent, fair, flexible, diligent, and determined, his tag line is most definitely true: Pool cleaning with conviction. I recommend him to anyone needing a true blue pool service.
5	Since moving to AZ, we have worked with two other pool companies and attempted to manage the pool ourselves.  We stumbled upon Cactus Pete's, and so glad we did!  We were just not able to get the pool "balanced" maintaining it ourselves, so we decided to spend the money to hire a regular pool service. Pete was so responsive.  I received the initial call back less than an hour after I left him a voicemail.  He came over a couple days later, provided the quote and then a week later was servicing our pool on a weekly basis.  Service has been beyond our expectations since!  Pete is great about coming out immediately when we have issues, has performed multiple pool repairs and is great with follow up.  We communicate  via text, call, or email and he is always accessible.  I also like his updates that he sends out every now and again, giving pool owners a heads up on what types of things should be maintained during what seasons. Overall, Pete is by far the best pool guy we have used and pool has never looked better!
1	Called to get a quote and he had the best price. We spoke on the phone and had set up a date and time for him to come drain the pool and do an acid wash. He was a no show, no call, no response. I wouldn't waste your time. We went with Pacific Blue Pools and Spa and they showed up the same day I called.
