4	I was surprised to find myself driving in an industrial area seeking an address among rows of non-descript buildings, assuming mapquest was leading me to a normal storefront.  After a few wrong turns and confirming with a trucker that I was supposed to enter through the loading dock door, I finally arrived. Pruitt's converted a section of their warehouse into a makeshift show room, sans the typical room exhibits. Although the showroom furniture was cordoned off by rope, it was a little distracting to see/hear the staff whiz around with forklifts.  As shoppers continued to sit/lay on/inspect various furniture pieces, warehouse staff kept unwrapping additional stock.  Many of the items were brand new and consisted of discontinued items.  The best deal was a vanilla colored love seat for $97 however I was on a mission for a sectional, that seemed doomed for failure.Just as I was about to leave, someone began removing plastic from a large L-shaped couch and I held my breath with anticipation....It was love at first site....Chocolate colored, velvety fabric, and a jillion inviting pillows.  I sat in the corner of the sectional; then stretched out fully to ensure it was the right fit--It was perfect.  When I pulled myself up, I flagged down an associate to confirm there was one in stock for delivery.  Less than a week later, the deliverymen set up my new sectional in front of the big screen.  I've fallen asleep on my comfy sectional many, many times.
5	Pruitts is a pretty big place, you will never lack for a sales associate none the less. There is a huge array of furniture for the whole house; yet I have never found anything I would consider buying. This is not to say the furniture is bad, just not my taste. If this place does fall on your design map, it is a great place to get good deals.
3	Mom's birthday was coming up (well, in two months' time; we shopped back in September) and she wanted a new bedroom set.  I told her I'd take her shopping and that it would be my gift to her.  After just visiting Ashley's, The Roomstore, and other outlets, we didn't know what to expect when we navigated down Thomas Rd.  We arrived at Pruitt's surprised at the size of the lot.  It is HUGE.  Not much to look at from the front (and even less from inside!), but if you're looking for solid furniture at decent prices, you may find something you could settle for here.Right away, we appreciated the no-pressure atmosphere.  Very friendly, yet we didn't feel hounded, like we did at other places.  Out of all of the places we looked, only two, Ashley's and The Roomstore, had furniture that grabbed my Mom's attention, but the prices were too high, plus delivery in 8 to 10 weeks was not what we needed to hear.  At Pruitt, we found a bed, furniture set, plus a mattress set that we were happy with.  The only set-back was that, while the bed and the larger furniture items were set to arrive at our home the next week, it would be another month before the two sidetables could join the rest.  I also had to make the first call to inquire about the delivery delay- we were told that we'd hear from them in a month's time, and yet more than a month had passed and no one called.  We started calling and were told "the end of next week," and "two more weeks."  We finally received the tables last week.We're pretty happy with the furniture (a beautiful set, actually) and the money we saved.
4	Pruitt's is one of those kind of places where you can tell it started off as a family owned business in a single shopspace, that did well for itself and eventually owned the whole plaza.  between my Wife and I and our inlaw's we've gotten several pieces from Pruitt's and have been generally happy with our purchases.  The store itself is huge and you can walk from gallery to gallery for what seems like forever, it seems like the building has been there forever, monochrome computers and disused neon signs and mis-matched what used to be exterior walls show what this place must have looked like in it's hay day.all the salesmen are old fashioned and very courteous, we haven't ran into an overly pushy salesmen yet, and many of them seem like they have been there for a long time.with our most recent purchase our salesman Marty was very helpful and gave us his card and told us to call him if we had any problems.the quality of the furniture is good and the prices range depending on which gallery you look in, we can usually find something nice in our price range here, where the same or similar piece may cost significantly more at a chain retailer.
5	I don't know why I always shop around bc I know Pruitts will have the best price. I wish they had a better website.
5	I can't get over how much cheaper they are!! I did the same thing where I went to a ton of different spots shopping for furniture and ended up with the best deals at Pruitts. This update is about their hold policy, I love it! I move into my house in 1 month so I took advantage of their layway. You pay 10% of the cost and they hold it for up to 3 months. If you change your mind, it doesn't fit right, or anything- you get your money back! Also, Ashley Furniture currently has a bedroom and office set that I love, Pruitt's doesn't carry it but looked into the price to order it for me. Pruitt's is getting it to me for less than I can directly from Ashley. I LOVE Pruitts. PS- they currently have a 3 piece cherry queen sleighbed special for $500! and I got my 7 piece formal dining set for a whopping $800. I dare you to try and beat it. I will be buying my new king bedroom furniture, new mattress, dining set, and office set from Pruitts, they will deliver and set up everything for $50.my current couch, swivel love seat thing, and mattress are from pruitts as well. love them and had them for a few years now w no probs.*update- i added pics of the furniture in the new place, it goes great wherever you go and it's sturdy enough to make it through a move, haha. excuse the messy boxes*
1	Okay, here's the scoop. I went into Pruitt's in January, hot little Visa card in hand, ISO of a nice, big comfy sectional that they could deliver in two weeks (I had just moved into a new house). Salesperson Elaida (run if she comes up to you ... and: she has no last name on her card, I should have known ...) said 'No problem, they tell us we have to say three weeks, but it will be there in two!" Okay, sounds good. More than two but less than four grand later, said couch was paid for and supposedly on its way to my new home. (I think you know the rest, but I'll continue.) Two weeks later. Nothing. Three, nothing. I call. Oh, it had to be shipped. It will be there right away! Shipped? I call in mid-February. 'They ran out of fabric ... it will be there the first week of March!' They're making it? She said it was in stock. Well gang, it's the first week of March, so I call again today. Now it's looking like the end of March AT BEST because it is being MADE overseas (so much for the assurance that this was a stock item ... and it's being made in Taiwan). Long story short, Pruitt's kept my $$$ for 7 weeks ... did nothing ... never called ... and lied when I called them ... repeatedly. So I made them give me my money back this morning. Save yourself time and trouble!! I didn't even buy one of the (many) cheap couches they have and they still treated me this way. Shop elsewhere! Oh ... and if you know somewhere I can buy a nice, big comfy sectional ... let me know.
3	After spending a month shopping around Phoenix for a new sofa, I ended up at Pruitt's today during my lunch hour.  Already grumpy from a frustrating morning, I didn't expect to find much at this store but was encouraged by the mostly-positive reviews.  I had a particular sofa in mind which I'd seen at two Mor locations and pretty much had my heart set on finding it or something very similar.  Thankfully, I found the exact model I was looking for and it was a few bucks cheaper than it was at Mor.  The best part?  Not only was it in stock, but it could be delivered on Saturday and for $30 less than Mor wanted to charge for delivery!  The salesman who helped me, Mark Donohue, was friendly but not overbearing and within minutes my purchase was complete.  Why the three-star rating?  I'm reserving final rating until my sofa is delevered, hopefully in perfect condition.  Once that happens, I'll be back to add at least a star.  In the meantime, if you're searching for something new, give Pruitt's a shot.
4	My sofa was delivered as promised without any real issues.  The sofa had a medium dirt smudge on the side despite being delivered in plastic.  I was told the delivery team would call me when they were 30 minutes from my place but they showed up without a call.  Regardless, they were friendly and efficient.  I'll be purchasing an occasional chair in the near future and I'll definitely make Pruitt's my first stop.
2	Pruitts was just ok. The place is a little trashed. The prices were ok but not as aggressive as they used to be. The service wasn't very good either granted it is a furniture store though.
5	this is a prelim review as we haven't actually received our furniture yet, but we did serious furniture shopping yesterday and pruitts was our final stop, sort of a "lets just hop in here before we go home. i'm sure they won't have anything we're looking for". we couldn't have been so wrong!it's enormous inside. and what i really liked? there's no fancy lighting, no grand suites or overpriced art hanging from the wall. just rows and rows of sofas, chairs, tables, beds, etc. which is probably why they are so much cheaper. and this doesn't mean cheaper quality. we visited 6 furniture stores up in north scottsdale before coming to pruitts and they had IDENTICAL furniture but sometimes half the price of the other stores. we found the same table, chairs, and sofa that would have cost us 5k at Ashley and only cost us 2100 at pruitts. same vendor, same sku number. and our salesperson? he actually turned us away from a more expensive piece! he followed us around, like the other places, but there was just something about how he did it. maybe he's used to cheap, middle classers like us coming in. so we were impressed and will be getting our furniture in about 2 weeks. they allow 10% down to order and hold and that can be cancelled at any time. delivery is 65 bucks, straight up. the whole buying process took about 5 minutes. we'll be coming back to pick up other pieces as the budget allows, but before you buy at the other chains, sure, compare if you will, but i doubt you'll beat their prices. keep in mind, it's pretty much no frills, so you won't see fancy potted plants and exquisite chandeliers.will update when we actually get the furniture.
5	If you are looking for great prices on great furniture go here! The selections are huge, most stores don't have even half the selection of Pruitts. All of the sales people I have worked with here are friendly and very informative not pushy! If you are looking for nice furniture at a great price go here!
4	After seeing a Pruitt's ad for a nice wall unit entertainment center, my family and I made the long drive to the creepy part of PHX to view it and hopefully purchase it. When we got to Pruitt's we were promptly greeted by a very nice salesman who took us straight to the unit we were looking for. He was very knowledgable about the product, giving us information on where it's made (in Phoenix) and about the company who makes them. We were very impressed and bought the unit right away. The whole process took about 20 minutes. We decided to pick the unit up ourselves, and were told we could do so the next day. We now have the unit in our house and love it! We get tons of compliments. A couple of months after making the entertainment center purchase, we decided to start shopping for a couch. After going to a local store (Potato Barn) that carries a style of couches we love, we realized we wouldn't be able to afford anything from there. We decided make the drive again to Pruitt's just to look and once there found the exact same couch we had been eyeing at the other store for about $800 less! We immediately bought it and again, the whole process took about 20 minutes and the salesman was awesome! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the couch wasn't available for SIX weeks...has to be "made" apparently. I don't like that I have to wait that long for something I was expecting to pick up within a week, but I guess for the cost savings it might be worth it...Either way, I love the furniture at Pruiits and the salespeople are awesome! The neighborhood is a little creepy and I wish they still had a location in the E. Valley. Overall I would definitely recommend them to anyone who is looking for a good deal!
4	I love Pruitt's!! I do like their East Valley location better than the one in Peoria though. At the East location, the salesman are friendly and you don't have to look far for one to help you, but they're not hovering over you like vultures. At the Peoria location they still have the same great prices, but once I picked out my dining room table, it seemed like the salesmen couldn't get me outta there fast enough when writing up my bill. But as for East Valley location...awesome furniture, prices, and people. I couch shopped for weeks and weeks going to Mor, Ashley, The Dump, Ikea, auctions, and rinky dink places and never found anything I really wanted, but I found it at Pruits in minutes.
1	Furniture is great and have used Pruitt's for over 10 years. We have purchased carpet twice from them and the first time we had shipping and production issues and had to be on cement floors for a month and finally I had to suggest us changing to a different color as it took that long for them to let me know what the issue was. We purchased carpet almost two years ago from them again on another home and I have had them out 3 times to re-stretch it, the manufacturer came out and said he was going to replace some of it as it seems it was a bad roll but that has never happened and no one ever follows-up I have to call every month to get an update. Now we are waiting on an independent inspector who was suppose to call us three weeks ago and still no word from them or Pruitts. Buy the furniture but not the carpet...
5	You can count on Pruitt's to have a wide selection of furniture at amazing prices. I just purchased a dinette set for $500 - typically it would retail for over $1000 at other furniture stores. I appreciate how the sales people do not hound you. They sit back and let you shop, but are right there when you have a question or are ready to purchase. The delivery service is impeccable. They call you when they are on their way and the men delivering are courteous and professional. Several pieces of my furniture are from this store and they are very good quality and have weathered kids and pets.
5	Great place to buy any piece of furniture. The sales folk don't hound you to death and I found the living room set I bought from Pruitt's for hundreds of dollars more in other stores. They have earned my business.
1	I have been loyal to Pruitt's  for years but after this last ordeal will not shop there any longer.   I purchased a recliner that was a floor model and was wobbly.   I wa promised that it would be fixed before delivery' but it was delivered broken.    Then I scheduled a technician to come out and fix it.   He ended up taking it back to fix it and I cannot get it delivered because I work and cannot be home for delivery on their schedule.   They said if I return it they would charge a 20% restocking fee.   So I still do not have my recliner.Worst customer service ever.
2	Good prices but bad service.   I shopped and found a nice set for a good price.  I went home measured and ordered online in the morning on a Thursday.  Later on Thursday early evening I had not received a call.  I called the store and confirmed they received the order.   I had requested a Saturday morning delivery online.   The rep told me that usually they have a 4 day window for deliveries but he would do me a "favor" and schedule it for Saturday.   Are you JOKING?  The competitors all have next day delivery.   I had to be nice since I wanted the Sat. Delivery so I thanked him.  On Saturday morning I had not received a call.   I called and they said the store does not call, the customer has to call for a delivery time.  Oy!   HELLO, the customer should not have to work so hard!   The delivery was delayed past the 430 time and you guessed it they NEVER called.   I threatened to cancel the order and it was at my home 15 minutes later.   I will NEVER go back.  They lost another customer.
1	I purchased a $2500 sectional from them. It was beautiful and I was in love the minutes I saw the carmel colored beauty. Within six months a peice of the frame came loose and pertruded through the fabric in the back. I called them and they sent someonne out to repair it. within  6 months it was broken again. They refused to fix it stating that it was outside of the year. I understand that placed have to set a time limit, but the fact that it broke twice in such a short time is ridiculous! I still have furniture to buy for my home and they are not on the list of companies that I would ever do business with again. In my opinion a $75-$100 repair should be handled as a courtesy for my inconvenience but they would rather lose the business. I have purchased the sectional and a matress for one of my guest bedrooms, but nothing again!
1	This place is awful BEWARE you may want to go someone else that actually cares about they're customers and doesn't lie to them just to get a sale.I bought a mattress set, was told it'd be delivered in the morning before Sat before 10a, I remember that because I thought to myself oh man I'm gonna have to wake up early, then Sat 11a comes around, I call to find out what's going on they said I was scheduled for an afternoon delivery, thanks sales lady, wouldn't be a huge issue excet that I have places to be in a few hours, the lady says she'll see what she can do, calls back 10 mins later, well your stuffs on the truck and they said it'll be 2 to 3 hours, WHAT?!, I proceeded to ask her what can I do, can they leave it in my backyard, she then decided to hang up on me. Wonderful!!I will never give these rude unprofessional liars any of my money again. I wish I could just return the thing and go some where better. But they have a policy where all sales are final. Weird policy and now I'm guessing they do things like this a lot and that's why there is this policy.  I should have listened to my gut feeling while I was purchasing the set and walked out. So if you end up in this awful place and you have a great desire to run. RUN!!!!
3	"It's cheap"....-This is what everyone told me. When it was finally time to replace my 6 year old Ikea love seat, my boyfriend and I came here.Upon walking in, we were like "Omg!! we can afford lots of stuff here!" We settled on a giant, super super cheap brown couch. After finding out that my 760 credit score wasn't good enough to qualify us for a payment plan, we paid cash. We received our couch about 2 weeks later (yeah, the $60 delivery thing here is pretty ridiculous). immediately we noticed this odd creaking sound that it would make anytime we sat on it. So, we chose to ignore it (figuring since it was a $500 couch, it was what we should expect). About a month later, while watching a movie and enjoying a nice, cheap glass of wine (we're frugal, get it?) the couch snapped, and my boyfriend and I both crashed into one another whilst spilling red wine all over ourselves as we sank 3 feet into the floor. This sucked. My boyfriend and I are both tall. lanky, one might even say "gangly" people. We knew our combined weight of, maybe, 300 pounds could not have broken the couch. Plus is sucked since day one! So, we called Pruitt's and after 2 weeks a nice man came over to look at our couch. "It looks like the frame broke where there was a knot in the wood!" he said "we will fix it, and it will be as good as new...wait... better than new!"...he said. So, after being couchless for 4 weeks (it was kind of fun, we set up a bunch of pillows and cushions and made somewhat of a fort(that killed our backs from sitting on the floor)) we finally got our couch back! And guess what, it STILL creaks. So, long story short, its been 6 months of creaking, still hasn't broken, yet! But we are too lazy/figure it's what we get/don't want to be couchless again. So, hopefully if it breaks again, it will be before October, when our year warranty will be up.*** 3 stars because it was cheap, and we will probably go back, and because our crappy couch is *extremely* comfortable, and looks nice!
5	**This is about the Pruitt's that just opened in Chandler, off Alma School and Ray!We loved the customer service, we talked to Scott and he was very friendly but not pushy at all. He was very informative and didn't pressure us into anything. The showroom wasn't huge but we did find a great bedroom set and we looked everywhere! It was delivered TWO DAYS later! The delivery drivers were so nice, and on time. I did have to call in the morning, and then call back at noon to get an accurate delivery time, which was a little annoying but it got delivered when they said it would be!The prices here are pretty good compared to other places! I'm not a wood expert either but I can say that the bedroom set we have seems sturdy and good quality. It looks so great!! The only gripe I have is that the prices for their "bedroom sets" seem lower than they really are because they only include the bed, dresser and mirror. If you want the bedside tables they are sold individually and that brings the price up to about what you'd pay elsewhere. But it did make us want to check the place out, and we ended up buying from them anyways! I would recommend going here and at least looking, because the customer service is great and they do have good prices and good furniture. Also, it was during their grand opening sale so I'm not sure if they do this all the time, but we got free delivery (again - TWO DAYS LATER!!) and 0% financing.
5	Awesome, great store and service! You are now my furniture. I went to Pruitts to look at  dining tables but my eyes betrayed me...they wandered to  look at a beautiful, fluffy, comfortable mattress whispering zzzzzzz's to me. I sat down, bounced a bit, then a salesman came by...i felt the hair on the back of my neck raise as I was about to tell him "i'm just looking" (leave me alone), but before I could get a word out he said "It looks like you want to test out the mattresses, my name is -----if there is any thing you need I'll be near by, just let me know"  and he walked by. Oh?....I wasn't sure how I felt, a bit abandoned?  shocked,? but atlas I... I felt a burden lifted, I was free I could lay around, avoid the chit chat and discomfort of knowing a sales"man" was watching me roll around on a mattress. Two and a half, yes, 2.5 houre later I walked away buying a set. I love my new mattress. Now my next purchase is to find that dining table, wow, what a selection of styles and price ranges, It gives me lots of options, I like that.! THANK YOU Pruitt's!
4	Great Service and Value..  I was shopping for a new sectional and found several in the showroom.  $65 flat fee for shipping to Fountain Hills, so I also purchased two Gel mattresses.  The store service was straight forward and excellent, and so was the delivery.  Employees from purchase to delivery were friendly and helpful, and the delivery was on time with no complications.  We really love the new beds and sectional sofa.. Will definitely purchase from Pruitt's again..
1	No customer service! I have spent since September waiting for a replacement part on a sofa where the technician from Pruitt's said "the leather is bad". I have been given the run around ever since. They've given me delivery dates of October, then beginning of December, then January. Here it is February and they claim to know nothing. They refused to provide me with the manufacturer phone number, owners number or email address. They claimed they don't have that information! Ha! I looked up the manufacturer myself and called them... Had the answer is 5 minutes that I've been waiting on for over a week. These people are uninterested in helping once they have your money. We've purchased lots of items from them in the last 10 years and their quality has gone way down as has their respect for the people who spend money there. Never again!! Please consider purchasing from another store who will care to treat their long time or any  customers well.
3	Too many things, I was not sure what I wanted.  I need to go back and take my time to review everything.  Just a run through, I didn't see the style I liked (sleek, modern, and black).
5	I am not saying that Pruitt's is not without fault at times,  however, if they were as bad as some of the complainers would have you believe, Pruitt's would not have been in business for over sixty years.  Also I must take into consideration that some of the complainers would complain regardless of where they are.  It is just in their natural to be horses assess.  My biggest chuckle was from the woman who complained that the sofa cushion flattened out every time she sat on it.  However, she neglected to state her weight.  If over 300 lbs, most cushions would just gasp and die.  LOLOur Pruitt experience was 99.99% Five Stars.  Pat O'Leary was exceptional in the service he gave us.  I was allowed to sit in a sofa and read  for over an hour to make sure my back would stay comfortable. The process of purchasing was very easy.  We knew the amount of time it would take for Southern Motion to make our unit, and the process for delivery was explained to our satisfaction.  Pat even called us, and said the fabric we had had selected was less expensive than what was quoted, and we would be receiving a Visa credit for over $100.00.  Upon checking my Visa statement, I found Pruitt's had done as they said.The only hitch was experienced was the delivery.  They could not get the sofa into the room.  This problem had been discussed prior to the purchase.  The old LazyBoy that came out of that room had to have the bottom frame removed in order to get it in and out.  The delivery guys said they did not do that type of work, and that a technician would have to come out.  I call Pat about the problem, and within two days the movers, and technician had the new sofa in the room.  At no time did we ever have even a hint of rudeness from any of the Pruitt employees.
1	I bought a sofa yesterday - but it wasn't from Pruitts.  I do thank them for having a large selection and being the only store I went to that had a sofa I wanted though.  Helped me to be able to find it online, shipped to my door for less than their price.That said, if one of the seemingly 10,000 sales people there would have shown even the slightest interest in making the sale, I would have bought it there and been done.Instead we walked about 30% of the way through the first floor without anyone saying a word.  I stopped and asked a sales lady (and I am 110% positive she worked there as she was JUST helping someone else) if upstairs was more sofas.  She ignored me.  Flat out ignored.  Thinking perhaps she didn't hear, my husband said something to her about being too busy to acknowledge, and STILL she ignored us.  So we wandered up there on our own.About 80% of the way though the store, and after making eye contact with at least a dozen other sales people and smiling as I normally do, one finally decided to ask if we needed any help.  I said we were looking for small love-seats.  He pointed us to the direction of the entrance, where we had been, and said that was it.Well, so we went back to the entrance to the one sofa I initially saw and liked.   I was sitting on it, laying on it, taking pictures to send to a designer friend, measuring, etc in the same room about 10 feet away from FOUR sales men and not a single one asked if we needed help, had questions, etc.There was also I rug I was keen on, except for the colors.  This was Hubby's conversation with the sales man closest to him:Hubby: Hey, do you work here?Sales Guy:  YesH:  I have a question about this rugS:  Oh, we work in rooms.  I don't work in this room.  I don't know anything about itH:  OK, so you can't help me then?S:  Nope. And he walked away.  No offer of getting someone to help, or asking what the question was, NOTHING.So - we walked out.  And I decided even if I couldn't find that sofa elsewhere, I wasn't buying it there.  And I won't be back.
2	Put it this way:  the only reason they are getting two stars (instead of one) is the fact that they DO have reasonable prices, pretty large selection, and I felt like the salesman was informative and helpful.  But God forbid anyone waits on their delivery.  As soon as they make a sale and obtain the additional $65 for delivery, all bets are off.  They're not interested in delivering your furniture at the times they tell you they will.  They just simply.  don't.  care.   And for that, I won't ever be shopping there again, nor would I recommend my friends to go here either.
4	We didn't end up buying from Pruitt's during our furniture search extravaganza, but would definitely take another look if the time comes we're in the market again. The items were affordable and they had A LOT of selections. This place is Huge... and two story. I was ready to go home and take a nap after walking the entire store. Worth a look if you're furniture shopping.
5	I've bought a number of items over the years from here, and this place has by far the best pricing:quality ratio.  The service is friendly when you walk in, and nobody is pushing sales on you like other furniture stores.  The shipping was awesome!  You have to call at 9am the day your items are to be delivered.  They will then tell you what stop you are and an approximate window, and will call when they are 15 minutes away.  I highly recommend getting your furniture here!
1	I'm a small business owner who is in a constant need of recliners. They were unwilling to help me find a good time for delivery, I'm also a mom, it's hard to find child care , or be on call for an entire day. I set my delivery up for a Saturday. I asked if there were any chance i could have a window of time allotted, even 4 hours. They said no and suggested I cancel my order. I said no no, I want my chairs please deliver them and I'll deal with whatever happens it'll be ok. So I called this am to ask when they'd come, she said you cancelled your order. I said , no I didn't cancel, there must be a miscommunication, She said no there's no miscommunication. I don't know where I come from the customer is always right. I should've cancelled my order there. But still i naively thought its ok, I'll get my chairs... It's 10pm. I have a child to get home to. What do they expect?  A person to wait and wait and wait and to be treated like dirt in the mean time. Next time ill pay more just to be treated like a human whose money means something real. Thanks Pam As I write this it's 10pm on Saturday, my order is still not here.
2	What you see is not always what you get. The delivered item was a deep chocolate brown instead of the light brown in the showroom. Someone should have advised me before delivery as color was one of the main deciding factors in the purchase.  Also there were irregularities like the pillow back is short and overstuffed instead of the skinny height of the floor model and even the arms are lower. It's a disappointment.....
2	Pruitts asked me to email them to allow them an opportunity to make it right. So i did. Haven't heard anything else back.
5	I have to accept that after a rough start, Pruitt's impressed me with their aim for quality customer service, and satisfaction. I did have a problem with the initial order for my dinning set, basically it kept backing up on the delivery date. I did cancel the order, but soon after they got a hold of the exact item I had agreed upon, and they went beyond what I expected, and offered a remediation deal that literally blew my mind. I won't go into the details since every case is different, but I can certainly say they made it up for me. I would come back, and I actually will come back to them since I'm furnishing my new house. I would recommend them for anyone looking for great prices and quality. A hint for yelpers out there: Ask for Ken (sales), Pam (finances), and Mike if needed (the owner!).
5	Great experience all around. I really appreciate that I wasn't bombarded by sales people as soon as I walked in the place, which seems to be a trend at most stores I went to. I was able to look around without an annoying salesman following me or trying to sell me on things. I found the set I wanted, a nice lady asked if I needed help and I was out the door soon after. Delivery was $65 and I went on a Thursday and my set was just delivered this morning (Monday).For an additional $10 I could've had the set delivered same day, but I wasn't ready so I decided to wait. I received a call on Sunday confirming a Monday deliver and also a call on Monday morning when the truck was about 15 minutes away. I really couldn't ask for much more In a furniture buying experience. Next time I need to purchase furniture, I will definitely check out Pruitt's first.
5	I'm sorry to see that others have had a bad experience because ours was nothing but good.  We were at another furniture place prior to walking into the Pruitss on Alma School Rd.  The other place, their sales associate was on our heals at all times.  That's what drove us straight out of there. Glad we did go to Pruitt, no hassle shopping without a doubt.  Sam was our sales person. He let us know if we needed anything to let him know.  I LIKE shopping like that. He literally had the sale within 5 minutes. The delivery guys that delivered our sectional were courteous when they called and when they showed up, they were in and out within 5 minutes. I cant thank them enough. They even had to go around our home, thru the backyard and bring it into our home thru the back. Didn't even complain about it. Thank you Pruitts
5	I needed a new couch badly. I found one that looked appealing and had a great price in an ad for Pruitt's. When I came in, I asked the salesman about it and he showed me to the advertised couch. Unfortunately, it was much smaller than I expected from what the picture showed. Still in need a couch in my price range, the salesman was extremely patient and helpful and walked me around the showroom until I narrowed it down to one that was much larger, more comfortable, and I think better quality than the couch I saw advertised. And with delivery included, it was only $100 more than the other one! A few months later, still loving my couch! A word about the delivery - it is a third party company that they hire and Pruitt's has no control over their delivery abilities or schedule! I was able to get my couch delivered the following day, the only thing was the decorative pillows were different than from what was in the showroom. In the showroom, they were all patterned, mine are patterned and solid, but I like them! All in all, I had a great experience. What I really enjoyed was that I never felt pressured into buying anything, but I'm glad I bought my couch! First couch I ever bought brand new!
5	We found Pruitt's through Yelp, and after reading the glowing reviews we decided to give it a try amidst our furniture shopping, even though it's a bit of a drive for us. I have to say, we could have saved a great deal of time if we had just gone to Pruitt's, instead of visiting four other furniture stores. We found a fantastic sectional there for a price that was about half of what other furniture stores were offering. We bought it, and the delivery went off without a hitch. We'll certainly be going back here next time we need furniture!
5	I've been holding out on purchasing a new bed for sometime now, and today a friend referred me to Pruitt's. I went in to look, thinking I would need to wait a few more months to budget accordingly, and to my surprise I left having purchased a new 10" memory foam mattress & box springs (queen) for under $500, including delivery. The mattress even has a cooling technology, which in AZ is amazing this time of year. Ask for Pat, he was extremely friendly, professional and I didn't feel pressured at all. I'm actually looking forward to going back and finding some accent pieces soon.
5	We were looking for some new living room furniture. We went to pruitt's at 3425 west thomas rd phx. on saturday found a couch, love seat, and chair with ottoman for under $700.00 dollars. Great staff very helpful. They delivered it this morning and made sure to put covers over the door frame so as not to cause damage. Very proffesional, and helpful. I would recommend them to anyone.
4	Huge selection in a massive showroom space...  The building is a bit old, but it gets the job done (watch the narrow stairs - only folks in one direction at the time).Prices generally low with the same brands and similar quality options to Ashley and AFW.Sales guy was pleasantly attentive without being aggressive or in-your-face.They operate in a pretty old school fashion.   Paper sales slip.  Limited use of automation.  What appears to be human scheduling of delivery (they schedule you for a day and you can call in the morning to figure out if you're morning/afternoon and what stop you are).We ended purchasing a sectional and power reclining (both working out great so far).  Prices were very good (same as AFW) and deliver was more than reasonable.  We were able to get delivery next-day as our stuff was in-stock.  We called in the morning as instructed and got an afternoon ETA.  They showed up pretty close to the estimated time.  The crew was very fast/hardworking/professional.All-in-all it was a very good experience.
