5	Cole Haan has always been a trusted brand for me. I have had numerous pairs of dress shoes and years of comfort and style. I was so happy to see the Cole Haan store at the Biltmore. Okay first let me say that I lived a long time in San Diego so my attire is usually a t-shirt, shorts and flip flops. The Cole Haan store has a more upscale feel to it when you go in. I felt way under dressed as I do a lot of times. Hahahaha. Hey I like comfort. Well you would have never thought I was dressed like a beach bum. The sales team was very attentive and helped me find the perfect pair of boots for my girlfriend. Even offered me some water. Nice touch. Found a better deal than the Cole Haans in Macy's. Always a plus. I will be back again.
5	While I cannot say I have any love for the Biltmore, I do have a lot of affection for Cole Haan no matter where it is located and between the friendly staff, great holiday deals, and top quality shoes I'd be lying if I didn't admit to spending far more time and money at this particular location than I should.  From the Lunargrands to the reflectives and from Wingtips to loafers there is something to be said for any brand that makes shoes that fit with such uniformity and for someone who spends the better part of twelve hours a day on his feet either running or in a professional setting the transferability of CH to Nike is something that cannot and should not be overlooked.
5	If you're looking for cool shoes that will draw some attention, offer comfort and stand the test of time, go to Cole Haan!Cole Haan is longer owned by Nike, but still has licensing for Nike Air and Lunar soles.Many people expect the Nordstrom and Dillards styles to be in the Cole Haan inline stores, but know that department stores often carry made for department store only styles that the inline store will not have.This store at the Biltmore is inline and the inventory changes seasonally.  The men's selection of shoes ranges from classic wingtip oxfords to fun, colorful and comfortable Lunargrands.  Don't neglect the accessories though- very practical and functional iPad covers, reversible belts and the best socks!As for the women, Cole Haan is making great handbags with pebble leather in bright, vibrant colors. The leather wears well, hides scratches and scuffs and is easy to care for. The heels and wedges range from chunky and edgy to classic and streamlined, all while being comfortable.Make sure to let the sales associates create you a profile- you can sometimes take a survey to save on your next purchase and if you forget your receipt, they can always look up your purchase history under your name!  It also makes ordering shoes easier- if they don't have your color or size don't be afraid to ask if they can check to see if they can order it for you.  They're all friendly and happy to help, I promise!
3	One Word- Pushy. With in 5 mins of being in the store I was approached 4 times by sales people. 3 diff sales people and one of them "helped" me twice.  It's nice to be acknowledged and offered help when you walk in a store but I know what I want and I don't need to be told "those are on sale!" "great price!" everything's discounted!" Every 60 seconds when I already decided what I wanted and all one trying to do is think about how I'm going to match a pair if shoes with what's in my closet.They get 3 stars, because the shoe selection is nice but the sales pitch is just too pushy. I left with out buying the shoes I wanted because I just wanted them to let me shop in peace.
1	I purchased a pair similar to these. After about two years of gentile use, the thong on the left sandal fell apart. Since Dillards won't accept returns items this old and because it appears to be an obvious defect, I wrote to Cole Haan for a replacement. All they could offer me was a 30% discount off of my next purchase. Pretty poor customer service in my opinion. I really thought Cole Haan quality was superior and that stye would stand behind their products if something went wrong. Turns out I was wrong. Others need to consider this before paying a premium to purchase Cole Haan products.
