3	Since we moved, this Wal-Mart is now on the edge of being the one located closest to our house.  And while it is easily the most convenient, what with being a Supercenter and open 24 hours and all of that, it is a bit of a monstrosity.First is the parking.  It is really a pain to get to the lot.  Then the aisles are just a nightmare to navigate.  Some do not even make sense - it is like they are just impossible to go in the right direction (not to mention people who do not understand you are only supposed to traverse them in one way).Assuming you make it past the labyrinth to the minotaur at the center which is the store itself, you are beset with shoppers at almost any hour.  You do have a nice number of other services - a McDonald's, a bank, a photo booth, even a t-shirt shop I think (who has seen one of those since the 1980s?).Other than that?  It is a Wal-Mart.  Nothing much special here.
3	Walmart; a true monument to consumerism. What can you possibly conjure in  your feeble mind that Walmart already hasn't thought of and stuffed its shelves with several versions of it? Nothing, that's what! Not a damned thing!As far as Walmarts go, this is about average. I work right next to one and live right next to another. For me, there is no escaping its wrath. It's all good thought cause between Becky and I we have 6 kids. Yep, that's right, six of them. We're like the interracial, dysfunctional Brady Bunch. The lot includes two bottomless feeding pits disguised as teenage boys (no joke, we've had to lock our refrigerator). So having a WalMart nearby is very helpful  cause, let's face it, although pathetic, it is cheap.I know all the bad shit that Walmart gets. They ruin small businesses, the regulars are disgusting and bottom feeders, that the employees care for customers are hyenas for their cubs, blah, blah blah. But for a family of 8 like hours, you tend to overlook it's lesser points. In other words, I don't mind Walmart.This one falls pretty smack in the middle of average (yes, that would be the middle of the middle). The cashiers and crew are pretty lifeless (reminds of those zombie movie scenes where the zombies don't have anybody to chase and they just roam around aimlessly doing whatever they were doing before their undeath) and, I do agree with another reviewer, the layout of this seems to be ass-backwards.Also, compared to the one near our house (in the Whitehall area) this one doesn't seem to be as well stocked. Also, I took away some brownie points because they have a McDonald's inside (as opposed to a Subway like the one in Whitehall). This is particularly ridiculous given that right outside, in the same shopping area, there is a stand alone McDonald's!!!There is, or was at least, a heavily tattooed young girl (looked like a Plaza Midwood native) working the deli counter who was very nice and attentive... I've not seen her in a couple of weeks (I go often to stock up on junk food and other goodies since I sit in front of a computer at work for 8 hours a day). Aside from that, no other employee stands out.What else can you say? It's a Walmart, it's massive, it's generic, it attracts the bottom of the bottom, it drives property down, it crushes souls and numbs spirits... but alas, it's darn cheap!
2	Wow... thought I had already reviewed this Walmart... but it goes to show how forgettable this Walmart really is.I've only had one really okay experience here, the rest have been horrible.  The worst one was when an ex veteran started yelling racial slurs at me and he was angry that I was "invading the country".  First of all he got my ethnic background completely wrong... and second I almost got the manager, but realized it was not worth it.  The guy was so belligerent anyway, there was no reasoning with him.  What was even shocking is how many people just stared and watched him yell at me (including employees).Aside from rotten customers, the store is a Walmart so I just get in and out when I absolutely need to go (or if I can't get what I need from the super friendlier Target down the road).This Walmart has a grocery store in it, I would not really recommend the produce, but all the other grocery items seem okay.Good luck getting through the parking lot.  I think the concept of one way lanes (especially when the parking spaces are angled in the direction of the lane) seems to escape people when they are going to Walmart.  I would much rather park far-far away from the front and all the crazies, but then risk getting hit by a car on my walk to the door increases exponentially.
2	As a grocery store....it's ok. What really surprised me is when I went to their meat department looking for knockwurst. The guy in the meat department didn't even know what that was and referred me to Harris Teeter. WTF?????
4	We were pleased.  The parking lot to store walk is nice.  The outside of the store looked  swank and very inviting.  We got dried cherries and Lance crackers.  As it turns out the Lance snack company started down here in Charlotte. We found this out from a retired Lance salesman who now sells luggage in Southpark Mall at the Tumi store.
2	I don't really have high expectations for Wal-mart, so here goes. We did our grocery shopping and various other shopping trips here for about a year and a half. We recently switched to eating all fresh food, and we go to Food Lion for that now. The only good thing I can really say about this Walmart is the prices are low, there are wide sections and varieties of what you're looking for and what to look at, and much more. The customer service however, is bad. I remember almost bumping into one of the Walmart employees and instead of saying excuse me, she laughed and kept on her business. The cashiers aren't all that great either. I highly recommend you go somewhere else if you can.
3	This Walmart actually weight better than the one on independence blvd. the store is very clean outside or inside. People work there are pretty nice, and they have all the items I needed for my new place.The only thing is that they don't offer delivery, so I was not able to get my queen mattress set that was on sale
5	I really don't understand these reviews... It's Wal Mart after all. On the scale of Wal Marts this one would rate pretty darn high. It's crowded like every other Wal mart in the world but it's clean and relatively new. The place has a great selection and a well stocked grocery department! I'm a Wal mart girl and this one is one of the better establishments in the area
2	It's Walmart.  The shelves are poorly stocked, the workers are completely operating in their own stratosphere, the produce is average at best, the prices are pretty ok, and the people-watching is sublime!Seriously, watching people at Walmart should be a sport.  If that was the primary purpose of this location, I'd give this review 5 stars.  Unfortunately it's not.  This Walmart is a super-store, complete with a fully functioning auto center and grocery store.  If you're comfortable buying your vegetables where you get your car's oil changed, this is your mecca.
3	As a supporter of small business a part of me wants to not like walmart but seriously once you are in there you just have to look.  This walmart is in a decent shopping area really close to home which is a plus for me.  They have a little bit of everything... Need art supplies? Check! Garden tools? Check! Grocery? Check! Haircut??? Check! You can seriously live here.  I usually come in here for on item and end up leaving with 10 or 15. Good or bad?  Who knows.  The staff is always friendly, sometimes overbearingly so but I guess that's okay.  Nice to have a super walmart nearby??
3	This walmart is ok. I have to go in here often to get things for my job. Mostly everyone is nice and helpful. It does get really busy during the day but that's to be expected. I went there one night and my card wasn't swiping and the lady at the cashier said she couldn't type my card in. I asked if there was someone there who could and she said no. I asked for the manager and she entered my card in manually. I guess maybe this lady was having a bad day or on a power trip.
