5	Amazing coffee, superb ambiance, extremely friendly stuff. What else do you expect from a cafe?! Definitely my new fav place. Why?Not as crowded and smelly as Neve.Myriade doesn't have wifi. Kitsune does.Humble Lion's sour (edit: not anymore) espresso? Arts Cafe (on Fairmount) is little too far. (edit: plus have rude service)
5	Great vibe and perfect location.   A combo hipster meets startup meets the rest of us kinda place :)
4	I like the place, specially for a new business in town. The coffee is  great and I the staff is very friendly. Keep up the great work on your road to success.
3	Cool spot... too bad the owners and patronage know it. Maybe I chose a bad day and time but this place came off as a bit pretentious. good coffee though.
4	Great little place on Prince Arthur, not too far from the Main. I love the decor - lots of wood with a minimalist feel but a great vibe. The coffee's great and they have a good selection of baked goods - my recommendation? The brownie. YUMMMMMMMMM!The price list is pretty good - you'll pay less for a latte here than you will at a Starbucks or Second Cup. A Chai latte + decadent brownie will set you back a whole $7. Not bad considering the brownie was huge. Service was nice. Will go back. Check it!
4	I went this place not too long after they opened. It's border-line pretentious, but they have very good coffee to back up the attitude, so I'll let it slide.They have wifi, but only tall tables/stools. They're still good to do some work from, but I usually find those tables a bit of a hassle when it's really busy.
3	I was looking forward to trying out Kitsune because a friend recommended it to me as being the most amazing place to get a latte in Montreal. I stopped in and my friend and I ordered two almond milk iced lattes. Mine was made perfectly, and my friend got what looked to be milk and ice cubes. It seemed as though I got all of the espresso and she didn't get any. When asking about it (we ordered the same thing and they looked very different) he said they were the same. The lattes were $4 each and we ended up throwing my friends out and sharing mine. I'm giving the 3 stars for inconsistency in their product. However the guy working was so sweet we didn't want to make him upset so if it wasn't for him and the awesome atmosphere of Kitsune I would have given this place 1 star (which rarely happens with me)!
4	Very cute space with delicious espresso drinks. Super nice service in French or English!
5	Been here twice. One of the tastiest Americanos I've ever had. So rich! Not sure what they're doing right. Free wifi and a fair bit of workspace. They just need more comfortable seats.
5	This was the best soy latte I have ever had on the entire east coast. They don't make iced coffee (although they can make an iced americano) but who cares. They use barista series soy milk and it's one of the few times I've gotten latte art with soy.Atmosphere is cozy, lots of people with laptops out, all sitting along one long communal table. Also, for american tourists: they accept credit card, unlike Pikolo down the street.
4	Little hidden gem.This little cafe is a real delight. Food/drink : The coffee is delicious and so was the tea. The pastries and cookies were also great. Everything is simple, but in this case simple is best!Service: the girl at the counter is very nice! Be a little patient, she's alone doing everything, so kudos.Ambience : very laid back, nice eclectic decor (blend of retro, rustic, zen). Don't neglect the little terrace in the back!
5	Great coffee, all brewed to a high level of perfection. They were using beans from a Halifax roaster the times I went in. They have a nice variety of baked goods inside. The interior is quite pretty, with some cool magazines and stylish tables.
4	Best cappuccino in Montreal! The space is very small but not cramped. Seems to be a student hangout/good place to study. Baristas were extremely friendly.
4	Hey Kitsune, firstly totally appreciate the awesome typography sign. Coooool. Also, cute Batista twin haircuts. Now that that's out of the way - solid coffee. Seemed like a library since just about everyone was on a laptop. Good magazine selection to read with your cuppa coffee. Wouldn't go out of my way for it but a goodie in the area.
4	coffee is great, hits the spot for the Cali girl in Montreal winter here!!  sweet they have an indoor bike rack for winter.
4	a bit too hipster-ish for my liking but great coffee. the espresso was a perfect blend of bitter rich roast coating your lips in a gold brown (bronze like color) delicious heaven!the indoor bicycle rack is a nice touch (so no more need to hunt down a spot for your bike) as well as the terrace in the back that let in a really needed breeze of fresh air in one of those really humid day.didn't had the chance to sample their baked goods as they actually ran out of what i was looking for and didn't really want a cookie.
5	I'm always a sucker for really cute, swanky, and semi-hipster cafes...and Kitsune definitely fits the bill! :) We were wandering around Montreal and stopped by Kitsune for a quick pick-me-up. We had espressos and it was very delightful! Beautiful balance of a nice dark and bitter roast. Beautiful. They have a few selections of pastries available as well. The decor is very homey--with "Kitsune" spelt out in lights on the back wall and rustic/vintage, high swiveling wooden chairs.
