1	I ordered flowers from here online.  There were never delivered.  I called them for two days during posted hours, no answer to the phones - no answering machine - nothing.  I tried to email, no reply.  I had to call my credit card company to reverse any charges.  Now I'm getting SPAM from them every OTHER day!
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE florist!  If I could give Flower Art no stars I would.  We ordered flowers for our mother's 70th birthday party from FTD's on line site.  Flower Art was the florist who filled the order. The arrangement was delivered on time for the party, however it looked nothing like what we ordered.  In fact, the arrangement was not even of the same value with a smaller vase and fewer flowers.  We spent over an hour on the phone trying to get the arrangement replaced for before the party.  The florist failed to answer the phone for FTD.  They even failed to return FTD's message.  We had to follow up with FTD's customer service number several times.  After two days of trying to get the situation resolved the florist will bring a replacement arrangement TWO DAYS after my mother's 70th birthday party.  It is clear that Flower Art truly does not care about their customers.
4	I looked on Yelp to see if they recommend or had some review for a florist in the area I called a couple of florist on Sat in need some flowers to be delivered on Sunday for my boss clients for the super bowl, I guess most shops are closed on Sunday but I spoke to the owner and he said that as long as he could deliver first thing in the morning that he would get them right out for me. I noticed that there was a couple of bad review on Yelp about the one Florist that help me out in a pinch. ( I had called a couple of other on here 2 didn't answer and 1 said they are closed on Sunday, and another asked me if I was out of my mind asking for a delivery on Super bowl Sunday to the strip.) I'm a firm believer that good should also come with the bad. I will try them again to see what service I receive next time.
