4	Solid restaurant that's been around for ages. My parents love it because it's bring-your-own-wine. The pizza is a go-to. Pasta is made on-site.
3	I went to Al Dente with my boyfriend and his parents because one of our friends told us it was excellent. I ordered the Risotto Primavera and was disappointed because it lacked flavor. My boyfriend had a different type of Risotto and I tried that to see if it was better but it wasn't.will go back to try the pizza, because I think that might be better.
3	NDG family restaurant packed to the brim with kids and aunts and uncles and such. The terrace out front is ground level with the street and has a very chatty neighbourhood feel. We made a reservation two days before and were seated with our chairs partially obstructing the hallway the waiters were using for taking orders out of the kitchen. The food was fine, fresh, very hot, quite tasty, not spectacular. The bathroom did not scream 'clean.' The waiter we had was amazingly prompt, attentive and friendly; and I was surprised to notice the owner of a great Montreal lunch place here having dinner with his entire family. Overall, if I lived in the area I'd probably find myself coming back, but I don't think I'd go out of my way to bring people here to eat if it was their first time in town.
3	Wow what great warm crusty bread, nearly filled up on it.  Had the lunch special menu with a choice of salad or soup.  I took the soup, tomato and lintels.  Very good, not too salty.As the main course, I had the Fazzoletti Con Arragosta.  It's a GIANT pasta filled with lobster and ricotta cheese in a rose sauce.  When I mean giant...think two lasagna strips folded over and closed.  A bit too much sauce for my taste, but people who love tons of sauce would adore this. Skimped a bit on the lobster, tasted more cheese than lobster.They advertise fresh pasta, it was definitely fresh pasta...cooked perfectly, just like the restaurant name "Al Dente" :)  Would give it 4 stars if they had put a bit more lobster and didn't put so much sauce on it, but that's personal taste (sauce amount).Would eat at this place again and try something else with less sauce in it.  Tough to find parking sometimes because it is on Monkland, to find free parking, go on a side street off Monkland. Easy to miss the sign for the restaurant since it's "slightly below ground level".
5	My husband and I happened to be in Montreal before Christmas and most restaurants werewfilled up with reservations. But then we discovered  Al dente Trattoria and were we ever surprised. Great pasta ( spaghetti and fettucini) plus homemade sauce and rapid courteous service added up to a delicious dinner. We will definitely go back. Our compliments to the wonderful  chefs and owners!!!
4	This spot was much better than I had imagined.  It's a block away from my house yet I have never bothered to try it until now.  There were no kids the night I went...(not that I m ind kids that much), but found it a different experience than some who've reviewed.  We sat on the patio for the evening, had a great time, a great meal, it was packed.  The bill was remarkably cheap, you bring your own wine and I always forget how much alcohol adds to your total dinner bill.I ate lobster filled pasta something or other, it was awesome, lots of sauce and I love the sauce.  I also tried a sample from the two other dishes at my table and was equally impressed.  I'll definitely be back.Service could have been a bit faster, my water glass was empty for most of the meal.  They do not take reservations for the patio, but make a reservation anyways because if you have a reservation for inside, you go to the front of the line if you want to wait for a patio table to open up.  It seemed to annoy the people who were already in line...but c'est la vie.  We waited a whole 6 or 7 minutes for a table to free up at 7:30pm on a Saturday night.
3	I was excited to happen upon this quaint little family restaurant and get myself a fresh wood oven pizzaPro- Food was quite tasty. It didn't blow my mind, but nicely satisfied a craving.- The menu had a great selection of mix and match pasta and sauce options as well as a large variety of pizzasCons- Service was far too slow. Not sure if it was because of our waitress or because they jam packed way too many tables into that place.CommentsIf I find myself in the area and it's not too packed, I may drop in again to try their pasta dishes.
5	A wonderful place to bring family or go on a date. The ambiance is well suited to all needs.The food is splendid and quite original. Yum!
3	Service is a hit or miss, as is their seafood. Fortunately its a BYOW and their pizza is delicious (real pizza oven).
4	Hands down the best pizza in NDG. I've tried everywhere: Atlas, Pinoli, Carvelli, Double, B&M, etc.. This is the best, hand crafted, wood oven cooked, pizza.Either go to the place with some wine, as it's BYOW, or order delivery, pizza is excellent. Salads are great too.Haven't tried anything else really. But this pizza is excellent and yummy.The place itself does have a bit of a family dine feel, which we didn't expect, just a little bit, but that was fine. Server was really nice too. Will always get pizza from here from now on.
3	Restaurant that is packed with families on the weekend. It's a BYOB as they don't have a license. I have gone here occasionally for family dinners. it's not a favourite of mine - cramped small restaurant were you feel like you are sitting next to the patron across from you. I mean, don't think about starting up a private or sensitive conversation - 4 tables will hear you.The food is fine, served warm and nicely presented. Personally I feel the price is on the higher side - i'm not a NDG local so maybe this is 'the place' to go that is within walking distance.Service was great from everyone.Service: AFood: B
