3	I wandered into the Flava Factory thinking I would find some cute fashion items for myself. The word "fashion" is on the window outside, and with a name like "Flava Factory" I couldn't help but think it'd be a cute and fun place to check out. It IS a cute and fun place, but it's just men's clothes! I was disappointed (for myself) but of course stayed to check out the men's selection. Maybe it was the giant throne you see when you first walk into the store that begs to be sat in; whatever it was, I hung out for a bit. It is very casual clothing, and casual sneakers as well - but their sneakers are awesome!! If you are a guy who is into hot sneakers you have to come check out their selection, it's nuts! The guy who was working here was very nice and helpful. I would definitely head back here if I needed a gift for a guy.
3	Flava Factory doesn't really stock items that appeal to my personal flava, but I know a cool store when i see one, and this is a pretty cool store. Big plus: they sell only Men's clothes here, which I could barely believe. That alone is pretty awesome. I almost relish being able to drag my girlfriend or girl friends here to stand, bored, with nothing to peruse. What a change of pace. The clothes are all pretty nice--definitely more casual/hip than anything else, though. As Alessandra points out, they have a lot of really cool kicks/sneakers. Again, not really my style, but worth checking out if shoes are you're thing (and you're OK with spending a good amount of money to secure cool new ones). Just an overall "fun" store, if that makes sense. Definitely worth checking out, even if it's just to kill a few hours.
3	Flava Factory has the hottest kicks I've seen in Charlotte: all kinds of limited edition artist collabos that fresh-to-death boys must die for. Though a little pricey ($36-$50), their tees are dope as well and run up to a roomy 3X. And It didn't hurt their cool factor that, in the middle of my visit, a crew came through to film a music video. But alas, it's definitely a boy's club. I wandered for a bit, sat in the throne that holds down the center of the shop, perused the shoes and fliers, and had to bounce out empty handed. But catch me there around Christmas shopping for my boo. That Ghost Face Killa shirt has his name written all over it.
