5	My son attended the Seth Korey Tennis Camps for two weeks earlier this summer. He really enjoyed the tennis instruction and the field trips and swimming in the afternoon. Seth is personable and easy to work with. His tennis coaches are top notch and have all had tennis careers of their own previous to working for Seth. We liked the camp so much that now my son and I take lessons once a week in the evenings. So much fun!
5	My son and daughter took lessons a couple years ago with the Seth Korey Tennis Academy after he received excellent recommendations from many of my kids' classmates and their parents. Korey's crew did a fantastic job with my kids, both of whom greatly improved their hand-eye coordination, general fitness and learned to hustle after a couple months of lessons. The Seth Korey crew always kept in mind that kids are just kids, while also making sure they learned the basics of tennis.
5	Seth and his team of pros are an exceptional tennis program.  They have been great with both of my sons.  I highly recommend them for your child.
5	My three boys are currently in Seth's tennis camp.  They have been to other sports camps and after school sports programs.  This experience has been their favorite by far.  Everyday they have come home excited about the tennis drills/games they played that day.  I have a picky eater in the bunch and he has loved the food provided for lunch.  The variety of sports activities and interaction with the coaches has kept their enthusiasm going.  This is the first time I haven't had to nag them about getting ready in the morning because they want to go.  I will be recommending this camp to my friends.  I plan on enrolling them for more weeks this summer.
5	Seth has a great team of tennis coaches / mentors and they were the perfect team to inspire my 11-year old daughter. I had signed her up for 2 weeks of tennis initially, but she loved the coaching so much, I had to cancel her other camps so she could play tennis for her entire summer stay in Phoenix. Highly recommended! Thank you Seth and team!!
