4	Found this restaurant in the City Paper. Went there on a Sunday for lunch - amazing Latin fare. It's not fancy or upscale, but tremendously good food at cheap prices.$5.00 for 1/4 chicken w/2 sides (black beans and rice). Fried Plantains were just like my grandmother's. They mainly serve chicken, but they also carry other traditional food (burgers, chicken sandwiches, etc).Highly recommend it if you're in the mood for something cheap, something good, and something a little different.I found Munch's column to be very accurate: http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/07319/833891-242.stm
5	If I had kidnapped your first born, the ransom would be  chicken kabobs and fried burritos from Chicken Latino. I would also like 4 bottles of Inca Cola.Seriously though, whatever they marinate their kabobs in came directly from the brow of Jesus. I have been known to eat 5 kabobs in a row and then beg my wife for more as I wince through the pain,  unable to move from ingesting far too much chicken.The burritos are also tasty. I am a sucker for deep fried though.
5	I'll capture the outstanding qualities of the food in bullet points:- some of the best chicken I've ever had- some of the best pork I've ever had- the best black beans I've ever had- delicious Latin / Spanish style rice, and I am NOT a fan of this style of rice- the best pepper sauce (a very potent green jalapeno / cilantro mixture)- terrific tortillas, both flour and cornThe food works together so well, wrapping some of the marinated chicken or pork in a tortilla with the sauce, rice, and beans. I enjoyed the pork a bit more than the chicken, but both are best in class, succulent and juicy, spiced just right.
4	Chicken Latino is a great addition to lunch spots in the Strip. The owner is super-nice, and very happy to talk about her home country of Peru. The portions are very large. I will never again make the mistake of ordering a quarter chicken and 2 sides just for myself... Plus, as others have said, the chicken is quite tasty. I look forward to trying the burritos. My husband, a spicy food aficionado, would happily return if just for the little  plastic containers of green sauce. The waiter will warn you that it's spicy, and he's not kidding. A dab will do you. Check it out next time you're in the Strip. The restaurant is big enough for groups and painted cheerily to remind you of warmer climes. Enjoy.
5	AMAAAAAAAAZINGLY delicious Peruvian chicken!  Affordable comfort food at it's best--About $7.00 will get you a ginormous plate of 1/4 chicken, spanish rice, and black beans.  Add on $2-3 for a side of yucca fries or fried plantains, and I'm in utter food heaven.  Also for the spice lovers:  Their home-made green sauce is a MUST HAVE.  Feeling adventurous?  Try the Inca pop or purple corn drink--both are refreshing.  Shelbin (the owner) is the sweetest restauranteur I've ever met--She will make you feel at home in this undiscovered little gem on the Strip.  I moved to Pittsburgh from California about 3 months ago and Chicken Latino is by far my favorite spot to eat--There will always be a spot in my heart (and tummy) reserved for Chicken Latino.
4	A great way to spend a sunny Saturday afternoon in the strip.  Always a fan of being able to eat outside, especially next to someone who is trying to sell soccer jerseys to passerby's.  I had the 1/4 chicken with two sides.  The quarter chicken was tender, juicy and contained just the right amount of skin to make it the perfect lunch.  The side of rice was ordinary but the steak fries were surprisingly good.   They were big, crispy and generous.   The chicken quesodilla was OK.  The portion was large but contained too much dark meat for me.  FYI, tip at the register or bring some cash along because it appeared to be self serve and i didn't put a tip on my card and i carried no cash yet i was waited on and served after we sat down.  If your in the strip and looking for some food served with love give it a whirl and after the meal don't be afraid to grab a Barcelona jersey to go.
4	I just had my first, and quite lovely stop at Chicken Latino.  Let me tell you why...I got the 1/4 chicken, beans and rice as it seemed to be the house special/standard.  I must say, the Chicken was quite tasty.  Perfectly cooked with a semi-crispy skin that was full of juicy herbal flavor.  A decent side of rice and black beans with some (spicy) green salsa made for a well-rounded meal.  I wouldn't claim it be ginormous, though, as a previous poster said.I also had a freshly made strawberry-limeade, while a bit on the pricey side it was worth it.  There were strawberry seeds in the bottom of my glass and half a squeezed lime, a good sign it was made from whole ingredients and not a syrup or some such thing.  I don't normally get anything but water, so this was a nice surprise.I'll be back to try the pork.
4	Good food and even better service.Headed over to the Strip District Saturday with a friend and we decided to stop here for lunch.  There's a nice variety of foods available with a peruvian twist.  I had the chicken kabob with rice while my friend had a huge chicken quesadilla.  The chicken was a little on the dry side, but really flavorful and the rice was pretty decent.   Beverage options include mango and guava juices, Inca Cola, along with your standard Pepsi products (pretty sure it was Pepsi).I had a piece of Tres Leches cake for dessert which was awesome!   Next time I'll try the plantains and the quarter-chicken.Quick note about the service.  It was great!  You order your food at the counter and sit down and the food is brought out to you when it's ready.  The guys were very helpful and actually came by not only to check on our meal, but they also later cleared away our plates for us.  In addition to helping customers at the counter and in the dining room.
4	Don't be fooled by the plain decor and simple menu- this place seriously rocks.  You will not be disappointed with their roasted chicken.  And the funky green sauce that comes with it.  I eat here about 60% of shopping trips I make to the Strip.  And the price it right too.Tip: ask for the white meat.
4	...So glad I stumbled on this on Yelp.  I needed a fix for Andean/Ecuadorean/Peruvian-style rotisserie chicken, and Chicken Latino delivered.  I'm sure the rest of the menu is good, but I can't get past the plain old 1/4 or 1/2 roasted chicken: perfectly spiced and falling-off-the-bone-tender.  Top it off with yellow rice, black beans, and a bottle of Inca Kola, and I'm in heaven.  If they did naranjilla juice and ceviche, too, I'd camp out for a weekend and pretend I went to Ecuador.
4	Got the 1/4 chicken with rice, beans, and fried plantain. Chicken was excellent even though I'm not usually a fan of eating it plain like this; other sides were fine but unremarkable. I was disappointed with the wasteful styrofoam plates and plastic utensils - they should have real ones - but had a good experience otherwise. They also have good looking burritos including a breakfast burrito, so I plan to try one of these next time.
4	Peruvian chicken is one of the tastiest ways to eat chicken ever.  It's marinated overnight in a blend of herbs and seasonings and then slow roasted to result in super tender and flavorful meat.In Pittsburgh there are two places to get Peruvian chicken; AJ's Peruvian in Oakland and Chicken Latino in the Strip District.  Both places serve up super tasty chicken, but there are slight differences in their marinade which make them slightly different.  I always get a half chicken minimum; I gotta have my dark meat!They also have more Americanized dishes as well as Mexican dishes, but when I go to Chicken Latino I order chicken.  On weekends they also serve up roast pork and ceviche, which is suppose to be really good as well (I have yet to try them).I would recommend not only Chicken Latino but also all Peruvian chicken out there in the world.  Check it out.
4	I stopped in this place on a whim.  They were out of kabobs and slow roasted pork (Bummer).  We got the rotisserie chicken, and it was delicious.  I cannot wait to go back and eat some kabobs and pork!!  I had a mango smoothie, it was devine.  To top it all off, our waiter was funny, helpful, sweet, and not too shabby to look at!The prices were reasonable, the food was good, the service was friendly and fast, and no one tried to rush us out.  P.S.  I could drink a gallon of their spicy green chile sauce.
3	Ate there today with my girlfriend. We got the slow roasted pork and 1/4 chicken with beans and rice. As far as the pork goes it was pretty good, a bit on the dry side but overall a great meal.My girlfriends chicken and rice/bean combo was rather mediocre and quite frankly I have had better latino chicken. I am going to go back to try to chicken kabobs as they did not have them the day I was there. The atmosphere is really laid back and the decor is very mediocre. If the kabobs are good next time I come I will probably raise it to 4/5 stars, but so far 3/5 seems fair. (I do recommend the pork tho)
4	Wow!! I went to Chix Latino for lunch with Zero expectations, since there really isn't any good Mexican/Latino food here in the Burgh, I figured it would be a "Vanilla" experience. Was I wrong. I ordered Chips and Salsa and a Chix Buritto. The chips came out warm, but the salsa looked like it was Pace from a jar. The server also put down a squeeze bottle with a green, salsa style liquid in it. I decided to  squeeze a quarter sized amount on a chip..... BOOM!! It was flavor paradise!!! Then the heat came from out of nowhere!! That was it for me! I AM A FAN! When the burrito came out I took a huge bite and it was awesome. The chicken had a very "Fresh, Clean" flavor. So I squirted some of this Green Love on my burrito...... I couldn't believe this jewel of restaurant is in my own back yard!!!If you love mexican/latino food, then check this place out - you will not be disappointed!!!
2	Maybe I went on a bad day?  I went with a group of friends here and got the rotisserie chicken with rice along with some fried plantains.  I love plantains, and there is nothing you can do wrong with them, but the chicken on the other hand... Man, talk about dry, dry, dry, dry, dry, and dry.  It was dry and flavorless.  It was the worst.  Also, my friend got sick after eating here.
4	This was a yummy treat. Great to share a meal here with a friend. Rice and black beans - the staple - were in good shape. The yuca fries were also quiet yummy. The green sauce is something to be reckoned with! But is it ever so good and spicy! No hot tea or coffee which sucked because it was a cold day.
3	This review could go up a star in the future.  I dropped in on my own for an early lunch/late breakfast one day and got an egg burrito.  It was truly excellent.  The location is also great--just across the street from Pamela's and 21st Coffee in the strip district.  I've met a couple of people who LOVE it.  So why only, 'A-Ok'?It's just hard for me to give someone 4 stars for an egg burrito.  Not their fault.  And I'm not going to get excited about a place during non-rush hour when it's empty.  Service was good and the salsa was spicy.  I was on the phone the whole time while I was eating, which was rude.  And talking the whole time means I wasn't paying attention to either the place or my meal.  But again, it was an egg burrito.  I just needed to eat.  Isn't that okay?I'll be back.  And I'm really on a crusade to say that A-Ok is perfectly honorable as a review.
5	I absolutely love this place and have gone for lunch, dinner, and yes, an occasional breakfast. The chicken, which is advertised as being roasted for a day, is perfectly seasoned and still so tender. I'm a huge fan of fried chicken myself, but these roasted ones I'd say are just as equally delightful.  What really makes the chicken perfect though is the salsa verde, which when mixed with some mayo make the perfect dip for both the chicken and the yucca fries. I highly recommend it! And of course the plantains mmm.
4	we have been to Pittsburgh a lot the past couple of years on weekend vacations... we love shopping the Strip District, especially with all the mom and pop shops.... we usually don't go down any of the side streets to look FORTUNATELY the day we were there, and were ready for lunch, everything was packed, so we ventured off when we stumbled across this place... we went in and were a little leery, it was a little grungy, and very small, with only 1 or 2 people behind the counter. The kid turned out to be so friendly, and very helpful with what some of the items were on the menu, since we weren't very familiar with this type of cuisine. He suggested a few things and everything was excellent! blew us away, just like if you were in their family's own kitchen... if you want to try something totally different, try their plantains... they were so different, with so many different flavors and textures, and just way more than we expected... we will always save room to eat lunch there when we are shopping the Strip District.
4	Chicken Latino is easily my favorite place to eat in the Strip and is one of my favorite places to dine in Pittsburgh. Their fried burritos are crunchy and gooey on the inside and, with a splash of their verde sauce, taste like heaven.Their rotisserie chicken is seasoned well and goes well with their black beans and spanish rice.What really steals the show and is my undisputed favorite item on the meny is their carnitas. They're only served on the weekends but they're delicious. Fork tender and with a bit of fat for flavor, put a bit in your fresh tortilla with some rice and beans and a splash of verde for heat. What happens is what I suspect occurs right before you take your first breath; this otherworldly sense of peace.Everyone working there is great, too. They do a good job waiting tables in what I consider a casual eatery, not a place that you'd expect such good service.Definitely try their horchata and tres leches cake, too. Yum.For a longer review: http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/09/15/in-which-i-describe-my-love-of-green-salsa/
5	A Peruvian surprise indeed! After scouring Lawrenceville and Bloomfield Sunday afternoon, searching for a decent place to eat we decided on Chicken Latino in the Strip. I was not craving latino cuisine but was fed up because everyplace I had anticipated trying was Closed on Sunday. St. Patty's day is coming ever closer for our yearly celebration and the Strip was sea of green instead of the normal black and gold. There were still people lackadaisically strolling around but the peak of the morning madness had passed by 3:30pm and parking was easy to find boasting free meters.Grumpy and starving we sat down next to the wall with the bright sun streaming in. The atmosphere is warm and welcoming with little tables lining the wall and scattered through the dining area. You can also have a seat on the wrought iron tables on the sidewalk if you prefer outdoor seating.  Peruvian wall art is displayed though out the space.  Sitting in the sun and daydreaming about the St. Patties day parade lifted my mood instantly. The menu was not very large and since I had never been I took suggestions from our server who was very sweet and personable. I ordered a local Peruvian soda that was bright yellow and tasted like a milder version of cream soda with the slow cooked pork platter. She stated there were only two orders left and if it didn't sell out she was taking one home. Of course I had to have it! It was accompanied with black beans, rice, slices of lime, and the freshest corn tortillas. The waitress also recommended the spicy green chili sauce and explained it was called Ahi sauce. A terrific blend of habanero, jalapeno, garlic, and bread crumbs. It is hot so I only drizzled a little into my dish for the flavor. The BF ordered a quesadilla. Not the most exciting item but it proved itself when I tasted it. The chicken was so full flavored from the slow cooking rotisserie. Add in the black beans, rice, and melted smooth cheddar wrapped in a soft lightly crisp flour tortilla and this is by far one of the top quesadillas I have ever tasted. They do not skimp on stuffing here.My slow cooked pork was just as developed. It was incredibly tender and pulled apart in it's own juices. The meat seemed to only have a salt and pepper seasoning because the meaty flavor of the pork could stand on it's own. I did use the fresh lime wedges but the citrus did not over power the pork it was a nice citrus compliment. I made little tacos with the rice, beans, pork, and ahi sauce. I know I was starving but it was sooo good and would love to take my parents. I do have one negative but it didn't have anything to do with Chicken Latino. There was a group seated next to us with an obnoxious woman telling and retelling a story about how " she was gonna kick that gringas ass" and "disrespecting me that way" plus every other expletive that ran through her tiny brain. I'm not a prude but it was over the top and so trashy. Too bad she couldn't hear what she truly sounded like. One last note: The food was served on styrofoam plates and bowls. I was kinda like ok? Well my meal stayed perfectly hot the entire sitting. So I deduced it was a good thing despite the afront on the green movement.
5	What a great surprise!  We had the specialty of the house, rotisserie chicken with rice and beans.  Also had the fried plantains. Everything was delicious.  The chicken was moist and wonderfully seasoned. Our server, Alex, was very helpful navigating the menu and making suggestions.  Still not sure what the green stuff in the squirt bottle was, but it sure livened up the spanish rice.  We'll definitely be back.
5	I can't say enough about this restaurant. This is inexpensive - not cheap - food done right. I've had the signature chicken, and it's fantastic. But the best dish was the Peruvian-style roasted pork. Juicy and flavorful, it can't be beat with a bit of lime & chimichurri. Plan accordingly: the pork and ceviche are typically only available on Saturdays. They also have simple items like burgers and chicken tenders, so there are alternatives for children and unreasonably picky eaters. Also, there's a BYOB sign in the window, though I've never brought alcohol.
5	The last time I was here I decided that I was going to bring my Dad. I had the chance to do so today. I'm from two hours north so he doesn't get into town that often. A little back story...I'm a mediana MexiCAN AmeriCAN! My father met my mother while visiting his brother at my Mom's house as foreign exchange students. They got married and created this green eyed monster! So I have a a certain expectation when dining on south of the country eats. I stand by my Mexican breakfast that takes hours of preparation, tamales from scratch (a two day process), and mortar and pestle mole recipe! I love to cook specialty dishes!Dad was in town, I brought him here because he loves to reminisce and try things that take him back in the day. Yes this is Peruvian but all the fundamentals of Mexican cooking can be found here. Sorry Pittsburgh, but as far as Mexican restaurants go, they do not exist here! Mad Mex please! I do like the Jumbo Margaritas but refuse to order anything else besides chips. On a side note why do I keep coming across all this Mexican bashing this week, one reviewer said they don't eat meat in "Mexican restaurants" and someone else in talk was on some senseless rant about Arab and Mexican who knows what? It didn't make sense anyway. It's so off putting. These people are "loco"Today as a special they had a slow roasted beef served in a burrito or soup special. Last time I was here I tried the slow roasted pork. It was sensational. The specialty of the house is a slow roasted rotisserie chicken. I thought my Dad would like that but he didn't want the chicken on the bone. I hadn't thought of that. So you can order 1/4, 1/2, or whole chicken!! woops....I asked about the beef and how we wanted a platter and they offered to make us a platter with rice and beans! We squirted some lime over the meats and happily assembled our piping hot corn tortillas. Success! Another great experience, with tender beef and all the tasty trimmings! Plus the cilantro spicy sauce. YUM!
5	guilty pleasure
5	My favorite place to eat in the strip. Although I recommend the slow roast pork over the chicken. Both are delicious but the pork is the best I've ever tasted.
4	Fresh juicy tender rotisserie chicken at very affordable prices.  The food here is simple, good and cheap.  The wait in line can be a bit long during the lunch rush, but in general the service is fast and very friendly.
4	Easily one of the best kept secrets in the Strip District.  Its embarrassing how often I walked past it and didn't go in.  Their chicken is fantastic and of the sides, the fries seem to be the best.  Overall, its a great meal and a seriously budget price.  And if you're looking to watch some soccer its a fun place to do that in the Strip.  The service is always super friendly and quick and they make you feel like you've come home for a meal.  If home is a Peruvian mom who makes delicious chicken.  You definitely forget for a bit that you are in Pittsburgh with the decor and overall feel of the place.  I just love a place that does it this well without giving you the impression that they are trying too hard.  Just good people serving good food.
5	How did I never review this??  Seriously. I love this place!I first hit CL at lunch with some coworkers when I was working down in the Strip.  They so raved about it - and they are not "ethnic" eaters - that I had to try it.  All I can say is "oh my".This burrito was both quantity and quality.  It was overstuffed with rice, black beans, this fantastic Peruvian chicken, and cheese.  I realized immediately that this burrito was fantastically tasty and, unfortunately, too much for one lunch..... so I polished the entire thing off anyway.  It took twice as long to walk back to work as it did to get there.... but it was so worth it.   And, for less than the price of a fast-food burger, I was in burrito heaven.So, of course, then it was a matter of taking DH there on a weekend.  We had been walking the strip for hours and were famished having skipped breakfast and lunch and it was late afternoon, so we ordered heartily - he got a burrito, I ordered a quesadilla, and we split a bowl of tortilla soup along with an order of nachos.I don't know what they do to their salsa but, damn, it is tasty.  It has such a nice light kick to it - not enough to keep your tongue burning, just enough to make it tasty - and those chips. I don't know. Maybe they dust them with crack cocaine - they are totally addictive.  I don't know what makes them so good but they truly are fantastic.  The quesadilla was HUGE. And stuffed nicely with chicken, rice, black beans, and cheese .  1/2 of it came home and the teenager ate it later.  The tortilla soup was very good.  Nicely spiced.  Not too junked up with stuff (I hate when they throw so much cheese and strips on the top that you feel like you are eating the Mexican version of French onion soup).  Having hit it several times since then for lunch, we made it down again over the weekend with DH and TS before the Pittsburgh Power game - and we heartily dug in and enjoyed our meal immensely.  The waitstaff is friendly and fun - they are attentive and helpful when you are ordering.Prices are soooo reasonable.  There are not many places where you can feed three adults - with a lot of leftovers to go home - for about $10-12 a person.  And we could have easily spent less if we didn't want the leftovers - but what fun would that be???I hate to recommend this place because I hate to see it become crowded like that place across the street on weekends ;)  but I have to share this place - it is so good and they deserve to be a huge success.  So go and enjoy -
4	I have eaten here about a dozen times and I have always had a good meal.  The food is delicious and something unique.  I usually get the pollo a la brasa.   They used to automatically give you the spicy verde sauce automatically, but now you need to ask for it.  Yum!  I do love the black beans and rice.  Prices are very reasonable, and the food is excellent.
5	This restaurant is great.  I have taken friends and family from my university and from out of town here with consist rave reviews.  The atmosphere is authentic, with a nice mural on the back wall.  The food is really delicious for what you pay, and even compared to more upscale restaurants, could definitely hold it's own.  I frequently get the chicken quesadilla that comes with their signature chicken, and it is great.  I love the spicy sauce that comes with it, as it is actually spicy unlike other restaurants that don't even  wake up my spice-buds.  Their specialty drinks are great too, although you have to use a spoon so you keep a consistent ice to flavor ratio (minor detail).  Also, the portion to price ratio is great, and I occasionally am left with great leftovers.  The service is really nice and friendly, although there is sometimes confusion paying at the table or at the counter, but nothing significant.  This is the place that I always recommend to people when they ask for a great Pittsburgh restaurant that isn't as expensive as the upscale downtown restaurants.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Chicken Latino - how do I love thee? Let me count the ways...I love your incredibly friendly service.I love your big, crispy chicken burrito, with its delightfully crunchy outer shell, and gooey cheese-and-chicken filled interior. I love your chicken salad and its abundance of french fries and cheese (how I missed french fries on salads during the past year I spent on the West Coast!). I love your rotisserie chicken and its immaculate seasoning. Okay, for real now -- this place rules. It's a no-frills kinda joint, but damn, the food is good. The gals behind the counter are super friendly and tend to call you things like "sweetheart" and "hun", the prices are nice, and, mmm, that chicken. It can't be beat! I moved back from San Fran, and of course it's overflowing with great food -- especially ethnic cuisine -- but I know in my heart that Chicken Latino could open a branch right in the Mission District and thrive. THRIVE!Bonus: They have outdoor seating so you can enjoy the warm weather while it lasts, they're dog-friendly and will bring your pup out a bowl of water, and they're now open later, so you can call ahead to order dinner and pick it up on your way home from work!
5	I spent two months in Peru back in 2000, and one of the quirky things about Peru is the rotisserie chicken.  Chicken shacks in Peru were pretty much like pizza shacks in the U.S.  They are EVERYWHERE!  From giant neon chicken palaces, to a rotisserie in someones garage.  And I have to say, it was some of the MOST amazing chicken I have had in my life.  THEY truly 'do chicken right.'The lovely owner of Chicken Latino is from Cuzco in Peru, and brought her 'secret recipe' of seasonings with her to her little shop in the Strip District.  And for once, in Pittsburgh, someone is again 'doing chicken right.'Chicken Latino is pretty no frills, but it's actually kind of reminiscent of your typical restaurant in Peru.  It's not an uppity bistroid like what seem to be taking over the Strip District, and it's not fast food.  It's actually just 'comfortable.'  No pretense, no attitude, and no garbage being passed off as gold with a price tag to match.  It's good food, plentiful, reasonably priced, and if you're not the typical 'oh I don't like that' Pittsburger, who says it without ever even trying it, then give this food a try.The chicken is amazing.  The seasonings are beautiful, and the chicken really is a delight from aroma to mouthful.  I've picked it up to eat at work, and just carrying the box into the office creates a cloud of yum smell.I don't recommend picking it up and taking home to reheat.  It's still good, don't get me wrong, but it doesn't compare to the fresh off the rotisserie juicy hot freshness.  Eat it there.Pair it with fried yuca (another starchy root vegetable that is similar to a potato) or the fried plantain.  And do not be afraid of the green chile sauce if you like hot and spicy. It's not just hot, it's flavorful.And...skip the Diet Coke or Sprite...grab a bottle of Inca Cola, or try the Chicha Morado (purple corn tea).  They are typical to Peru, and actually quite yummy.  The Inca Cola is bright yellow, made from Lemon Verbena, but tastes kind of light bubble-gummy.  But it is THE cola in Peru.  Some say an acquired taste, but I love it.The Chicha Morado is the BEST thought.  It is made with purple corn and seasonings like cloves, and is an amazingly flavorful kind of sweet tea.In addition to the food, the owner is quite good at selecting a good staff.  They're 'nice'.  And really nice, not just 'Hi, welcome to Starbucks' nice.  They'll help, and it's easy to interact with them like good humans as opposed to a 'hi can I help you' staff.If you stray from the Peruano menu and opt for the burgers, or Mexican style dishes, they're good, but they're not what you will expect from 'Mexican' food.  The seasonings are different, and the sauces are as well.  This isn't a Mexican restaurant.  It's a Peruvian restaurant.  They're still good...just different from what you'd find in a Mexican restaurant.  The quesadillas and the burritos are HUGE and very well stuffed. All in all, it's a great place to find your 'regular meal' when you're in the strip, your budget isn't up to Lidia's and all of the other high end bistroids that give toy food for big bucks.  In other words, when you're looking for 'food' and not an overpriced art project on a plate.This isn't for 'foodies'...it's for people who like FOOD.
5	I'm thankful that my co-workers introduced me to Chicken Latino on a recent lunch outing. I have been craving the rotisserie chicken and the bright green chile sauce in the squeeze bottle it comes with ever since my first visit. I've been back a few times since then and it's been perfect every single time.The chicken is so delicious - perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked. I easily took out the quarter chicken with rice and beans and plantains on the side. The green chile sauce is perfect on everything. That sauce is just as delicious as the chicken and it's a balanced tasty-hot counterpoint to the entree.On a Sunday lunch after church with my family, we did the whole chicken, rice and beans and fried plantains. A great meal at a great price ($20 altogether).This place is great for kids, the service is very friendly and attentive, prices are great and the food is delicious. What's not to love about this place?
5	Chicken Latino is one of the best places to eat in Pittsburgh.  We started with the fried plantains and they were amazing.  If you've never had them before, make sure to try them.  They are sweet, but so perfect as an appetizer.  I had the rotisserie chicken with beans and rice.  WOW!  This was amazing.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned.  It goes great with the rice, beans, and green chili sauce.  That sauce is amazing.  I put it on everything.  My wife had the crispy chicken burrito.  It was great.  She enjoyed it and she usually has trouble finding something that she likes.  Its a chicken and cheese burrito.....FRIED!  I had a couple of bites because i couldn't resist.  This place is awesome.  Good service, better price, and great food!
4	We ordered the 1/4 chicken with black beans and rice, I also had the fried plantain and my boyfriend had the tilapia and shrimp ceviche that was served with yams. The bill only came to $22.00   I had been wanting to eat a Chicken Latino for some time.  My expectations were high before I even looked at the menu, and Chicken Latino exceeded my expectations. My appetizer of plantains were done perfectly, and tasted as if they were made by some one who truly enjoys plantains themselves.  I ate every last morsel of food on my plate.  The chicken was delicious it came away from the bone easily and  was juicy. In hindsight I would have gotten the 1/2 order of chicken. But a 1/4 chicken and two sides is a lunch time special. The menu was roughly 20 items long.  Which in my case is always a good sign.  The smaller the menu the more honest and genuine the flavors in the food.
4	Chicken is actually marinated chicken cooked in a brick oven. Not your typical rotisserie chicken. The owner is underselling a great product by calling it on his menu and website "rotisserie". Really tasty, attractive flavor, not dripping oil/ fat like typical store rotisserie. Sides: black beans are to die for. Yucca fries are delicious especially dipped in their freshly made sauce. Plantain fries are a nice sweet finish. Steak fries are the best I tried in a while. Fast service. We got our food in 2 minutes! All in all, great food, modest price, and a joint that may not be your choice for a romantic evening on the town but certainly a place where the family would eat a hearty meal. Open till 8 pm on Fridays. A great plus considering that the whole Strip area closes at 4 pm.
4	Chicken Latino is a comfortable joint in the Strip District. Its not common to have a place in Pgh that specializes in chicken, aside from lip service, but Chicken Latino owns it.Their menu is succint and clear, a good thing for a starving diner that doesnt want to read 20 pages to figure out dinner. I cannot comment on the apps, as I ordered the 1/2 chicken dinner with rice and beans. All of it was delicious, and you get a TON of food for what you pay. I think my meal was the same price as some sort of gastro-death that is a Wendys meal. It was also leagues better. The chicken is perfectly spiced and extremely tender. The spices permeate throughout the meat and you are given a bottle of green chili sauce to liberally pour all over everything if you choose. It is spicy and delectable. I will return for a simple, awesome meal.
5	Excellent burritos and quesadillas. The green sauce is amazing!
5	Came back to Pittsburgh for a friend's wedding and decided to check out Chicken Latino for lunch with some friends.Wow I was impressed.  I have had Peruvian chicken before so I knew the general idea of what i was getting.  However, the chicken I received here was fantastic.  It was moist and tender and had the right amount of seasoning.  I got the quarter chicken with spanish rice and black beans as sides.  Those were also great.  The green chile sauce was amazing as it enhanced the flavor of the chicken.  We also split some homemade chips and salsa which were also very good.  I also got the inca kola which just completed the whole meal.  It is very cheap too!!Unfortunately, I don't live in Pittsburgh anymore, but if I did I would come back here for lunch as much as I could.
5	Wonderful Peruvian style chicken!  This was one of H Ward's spots when he lived at the cork factory...legit chicken and get it w rice and blk beans.  Ask for a side of their "special green sauce" it kicks your butt!  Totally delicious and under $10.  It's also Byob btw.
3	Great, affordable place! Best yuca fries I've ever had. The rotisserie chicken was good but not as insanely flavorful as Pio Pio in NYC. The rice wasn't very tasty, and the soft chicken burrito was standard (it needs guacamole or something). I wouldn't order the burrito again. The flan was disappointing - too loose, watery and eggy. The plantains were naturally very sweet but not caramelized the way I like them to be. The real highlight however was the spicy green sauce, even better when mixed with mayo. The bf loved it mixed with ketchup! Will be back if I'm ever craving those delicious yuca fries.
5	Excellent, authentic Peruvian cuisine, especially the succulent and flavorful rotisserie chicken.  The accompanying rice and beans are first-class as well.  The lechon (roast pork) is also a must, but only available on the weekend.  Also, try the fried plantain.  You won't be disappointed!!!
4	Chicken Latino has been on my list of things to do for quite awhile.  The problem is that I usually make my way to the Strip District earlier in the morning and I'm home by 10am while Chicken Latino only opens at 11am.  But one Friday I went down a bit later than I usually do and hit up all the hot spots before ending up here for lunch promptly at 11:05am.The menu is pretty basic, not overwhelming.  I kept it simple and went for the Giant Crispy Chicken Burrito and Yucca Fries.  The $4 price tag on the fries seemed a bit steep until I saw the portion.  After eating my deep fried burrito, I could barely touch the fries and saved most of them for later.  The staff and decor are welcoming and I thoroughly enjoyed my selections.  That burrito was delicious portions of chicken and cheese inside the most amazing crunchy goodness.  And the yucca fries, well, they were good even when reheated.  I will definitely go back to try something new and if this first taste is any indication, I shan't be disappointed.
4	I work in the Strip, so I need a good, healthy and hearty lunch before a busy day. Chicken Latino is one of the places I know I can go and get that. I've only eaten the chicken and the pork in their various forms on the menu but every time the meal I have is juicy, spicy and the perfect combination of flavors. The service is prompt and gracious, and the portions are more than generous--especially for the price. I'll certainly recommend this place to anyone. I eat here maybe three times a month, so that should be good enough review on its own.
5	They have the most awesome roasted chicken in the Burgh, hands down. I also love the plaintains and the yucca fries. The interiors are wonderfully ethnic and the server was a doll. Go!
4	Absolutely delicious as well as affordable!We got the special of the day (slow cooked pork) with spanish rice and black beans ($8) as well as a side of fried yucca ($4) and plantains ($3).The food came out quickly and was pipping hot and well as flavorful. I loved the green sauce. Mixing it with some mayo was the perfect dip for the yucca.We couldn't finish it so we took the left overs home and had dinner as well! $15 for two meals for two people is pretty swell.
5	Diamonds are not this girls best friend chicken is.   Another slam dunk,  home run out of the park meal.  It should also be noted that the restaurant was way more crowded then I had ever seen before. Good job Chicken Latino.  I am cheering for your success.  On this occasion my hubby of course got the shrimp and Tilapia  ceviche . Which is only served during the weekend as a lunch special.  The shrimp were plump and there was a massive amount of lime juice coating the fish and shrimp very nicely.  I had the half rotisserie chicken , no sides.  I didn't need any starches or legumes standing between me and that bird.  To the embarrassment of my boyfriend I ate the chicken with my bare hands tearing into it like a lion into a gazelle.  I was playing no games devouring my chicken.  Treat -yo-self to Chicken Latino you'll be happy you did.
2	The "meh" may be my mistake...why did I order a quesadilla? Stil, who can't make a quesadilla? The answer is Chicken Latino! They put rice and beans and dry chicken in a flour tortilla and didn't use enough cheese. I understand that in Pittsburgh the goal is to put starch inside of starch and call it a day (fries in sandwiches etc), but that's not what I look for in a quesadilla. I look for QUESO!! I did order fried plantains and they were moist and delicious--what I look for in a plantain. I will go back and try the chicken. They are open till 8 which is (sadly) late for the strip.
4	The green sauce is incredible.  Don't go for a burrito, there are much better items on the menu.  You won't leave hungry.
4	I'm not a big fan of doing shots... of alcohol, anyway.Put a bottle of Chicken Latino's aji in front of me, however, and things may get out of hand.  Such a simple condiment done incredibly well to compliment some great food.Chicken Latino's menu is small and concise but the quality of food will keep you coming back. The pollo a la brasa is what they're known for, and deservedly so. This should be the first item on your priority list, whether it's a 1/4 or 1/2 chicken, with yellow spanish rice and black beans.  The chicken is moist and tender, marinated overnight and seasoned to perfection, and the skin is golden brown with very little excess fat beneath from the slow roasting in their brick oven.  The black beans are the gold standard of preparation, beans cooked to the point of maintaining their form but melting away upon hitting your mouth, swimming in a pool of the dark starchy liquid released during their bathing time.  The individual seasonings are indecipherable at the point of eating, but together it is a symphony of flavor good enough to stand on it's own.  The rice is simple and well seasoned, providing a comfortable resting place for chicken chunks, beans, and aji to fall.If you aren't hungry enough for all that, or if you want to be gluttonous as I am and add even more starch to your meal, let yourself go outside the box and get yourself an order of yuca fries.  A starchy root with a more intense flavor than your typical idaho potato, with a texture very similar, fried until the exterior forms a crisp golden shell.  A basket of these and your own bottle of aji is really all you need, eat them with everything else and you might need a pillow and some spare time for a nap.The mexican menu options are fine, the american items are avoidable (that's not why you came to a Peruvian chicken place...), and the desserts are very well done.That brings us back to the aji.  Lo mejor de lo mejor.  On your chicken, your rice and beans, your yuca, on a spoon, squirted directly into your mouth (although out of respect and health concerns, do not attempt this), this Peruvian condiment will stimulate the most sensitive part under your pants then punch you right in the back of the throat... in the most loving way possible.  Garlic, cilantro, lime, chiles, and whatever other magic they put in the bottle provides an explosive flavor that compliments any part of your meal.Next time you see the lines for Pamela's and the Reyna taco cart wrapping around the corners, wipe that frown off your face and walk across the street to Chicken Latino.  You won't be disappointed.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat at the Strip. Grilled chicken (served every day) there is very tender and flavorful (well, most of the time :P) Ceviche and shredded pork (only available on weekends) are the best. For appetizer, grilled bananas is strongly recommended. Try chicha for drink. And rice pudding for desert :  )
4	Soft Chicken Burrito.  Pretty good.  Fries were not too good (standard steak fries and probably same you can buy from supermarket).  Staff friendly and courteous.    The Peruvian chicken (whole or half) is also not bad.
5	Fantastic little find for this city. Try the rotisserie chicken with fried plantains on the side. We get ours to-go as the atmosphere is lacking but the food is worth popping in for. Affordable and filling. Tried the quesadilla once, which was good, but the fresh rotisserie chicken is where it's at here. We love this place.
3	The wraps look good, so do the burritos, the Tres Leches cake sounds amazing! Unfortunately, I can't tell you anything about them because of this old gluten issue. Let me tell you about what I can have...salad and the famous Peruvian chicken.First, the Peruvian chicken. Maybe I'm missing something, but I just don't get what makes this any different than a rotisserie chicken at Giant Eagle or Boston Market. Don't get me wrong, not that there's anything wrong with it, it just doesn't live up to the hype. It's good chicken, just nothing to rave or write home about. Salads? The same. Good, but not great. Perfectly acceptable to pick up on a quick trip to the Strip.The surroundings are clean, bright and spacious!
4	The rotisserie chicken is good, and that's what they're known for, but the crispy chicken burrito was the real star of the show.
5	My boyfriend and I recently moved to Pittsburgh and Chicken Latino was a great introduction to the Strip District scene! Between the five of us, our bill came to about $60 for a variety of appetizers and entrees that we couldn't even finish! Also, it it a BYOB which is always a plus.The service was great. Our server was very friendly and the food came out fresh,fast and hot!I started off with a Honey Dew slushie made with fresh fruit which was amazing! I will always, always order one of those! We ordered the plantains, jalapeno poppers and yucca fries to start. They have this homemade green chile sauce that is really delicious. We were encouraged to mix it up in some mayo as a dip for the yucca fries. I'm not a huge fan of mayo, but it cut the spiciness of the sauce just enough to be a perfect combo! I ended up dipping a little bit of everything!We split a whole chicken and a beef platter. One came with rice and beans, the other with fries and cole slaw. The sides were all delicious, but the meat was unbelievable! Slow roasted seasoned rotisserie chicken and chunks of beef that were so tender it was falling apart!When I have friends or family visit the burgh, this will definitely be one of the places we take them! Can't wait to go back.
4	I feel guilty after eating a fried chicken burrito. It has to be like 2,700 calories. Oh well it is delicious.  Its BYOB. They are known for their Peruvian chicken, but as I mentioned earlier I go her for the $5 gut bomb. The people are always nice. Before I came here I always thought this one of those restaurants in the strips that no one ever eats at. I put it at the bottom of my list until I went there the first time. Then after the seventh time I thought maybe its all the other restaurants in the strip that are now at the bottom of the list.
5	This has to be one of my favorite places ever. When I moved back to NJ, I DREAMED of their soft burritos and yucca fries (definitely go for them if you've never tried them. Think starchier french fries). I used to go here about 3-4 times per week when I worked in the Strip and I never once got sick of it. The staff are always friendly and amazing. Their ceviche won over my Peruvian friend who had been visiting while their lomo saltado and black beans had my other friends immediately hooked. My Mexican friend said that they were the best black beans he's ever had and I would have to agree. The plantains are perfectly cooked every time as well. The chicken is simple in theory, but in trying to duplicate it's perfection I have not once come close.I would seriously be here every single day if I could convince the fiance that it was a good idea. They are always consistent in being delicious and the only complaint I could have would be that aren't also located in Crafton!
3	Friends and I were looking for a quick bite before walking around the strip so we stopped into Chicken Latino. We entered thinking it was more of an order at the counter and go situation rather than a seated service, but that ended up not being an issue as the service was fast, friendly, and efficient. A friend and I had the Peruvian Chicken, while other had the quesadilla's. Our food was good, but nothing mind blowing. The chicken was flavorful and tender, and the sides were fine. I tried mine with a little bit of their green salsa, which was good, but way hotter than I was ready for. Overall I liked Chicken Latino, I just don't know that I would make a trip out of my way for it.
3	I really like a great Peruvian chicken joint.  This one is ok.  The chicken is always moist and pretty tasty.  It's not the best rotisserie chicken I have had but is really solid.  I like the beans but would like some other better sides.  Some vegetables would be nice and why can't you order plantains as one of your sides?  They're too sweet, by the way, just fry them up and serve them.  Don't add sugar to them, they don't need it.  The steak fries are really good but I don't want to order them, I would rather have had the plantains.  The service is ok and the prices are a little high but not a big deal.  It's not a place I would make a destination but we wanted to go somewhere on the strip yesterday and they were out of chicken at noon so we ended up here.  I've been twice now in the last few years.
4	This is easily one of the cheapest places to eat in the city. Here are the things you have to know! 1) It is BYOB and they don't charge you per bottle. 2) a quarter chicken with no sides will cost you 3.99! 3) I don't recommend ordering off of the American portion of the menu or ordering the non-spicy salsa as it is not homemade like the spicy green salsa.  You can pass on the desserts, but don't pass on the chicken or the burritos.
3	Chicken Latino is a clean establishment with a friendly wait staff and prices that can't be beat. My 1/4 Peruvian-style rotisserie chicken with Spanish rice and beans was only $6.50 (not to mention delicious)!!!! The rotisserie chicken is also the house specialty and does not disappoint. My side of fried plantains was great!
4	This place is an excellent place to go if you are in or around the Strip.  The food is delicious, prices are good, and staff is friendly.  Although i have only had the chicken, you cannot go wrong with it.  I have had the 1/2 chicken and also the crispy chicken burrito and both were very good.  In addition, I always get the yucca fries; my lunch order is now a burrito with yucca fries and all for under $10 and i can't finish it all.  In addition, always get the green sauce and use it to your heat tolerance.  It definitely has a kick to it, so mix it with some mayo especially for the yucca fries.  I don't know if I would drive out of my way to eat here, but it is worth going if you are close.
4	Love Chicken Latino!  I used to go here about every week when I worked in the strip.  There is something to be said about their Peruvian, but what ultimately got me hooked was their hot green chili sauce... mouth watering as I type.  I usually would just get a 1/4 a chicken and douse it with the sauce.  I seriously held the bottle for the entire duration of my meal and if I had left overs, I would get a container of it to go! Delicious... I really don't eat any of their other food, though I had friends that had their Quesadilla and it looked really good.  I have eaten their burrito and wasn't super impressed.  Too much rice and filler and not not enough chicken, so I just stick with the pure chicken and I am never disappointed, especially drenched in the green sauce!
4	If you're up for casual, no-frills dining with absolutely delicious, filling, and inexpensive food, Chicken Latino is definitely for you!The menu is basically built around the most delicious roasted Peruvian chicken that ever was.  I thought Boston Market chicken was made with crack, but no, this must be.  Peace out, Boston Market.  This chicken is juicy, tender, and excellently spiced and herbed.  I usually get a 1/4 or 1/2 roasted/rotisserie chicken, but you can get the chicken in other dishes like rice and bean bowls, burritos, quesadillas and sandwiches.  There are combo meals with rice and beans or coleslaw and fries.  If you like spicy, the spicy green sauce served on the side is a must.  The staff recommends adding some mayo to the sauce to dumb down the spice a little, to dip fries or yuca fries in.  It's perfect.  Speaking of, the yuca fries are very good. Fried perfectly but not heavy or oily.  Doesn't appear breaded so, since I try to avoid gluten, this seemed like a good bet.  And it was!  The staff is friendly and quick and the overall experience is quite wonderful.  I recommend to anyone with a stomach.  Truth.
2	I ate here because it was one if the few restaurants in the strip district that was open after 5 on a Saturday. I ordered 1 vegetarian burrito, 2 soft chicken burritos, and yucca fries to go. All of it was ready in five minutes. The veg burrito was simply rice & beans in a raw burrito. The soft chicken burritos was that plus chicken. None of us really enjoyed the burritos, but the yucca fries were great. They were hot, crispy, and salty. I asked for them to be served with the green sauce I'm used to getting with Peruvian rotisserie chicken, but I received hot green salsa instead. Maybe they don't have it or didn't understand me.
4	The Crispy Burrito was so yum! The wrapping was crispy and flaky like pie crust. The chicken was a pulled texture, plus tender and juicy. The cheese just put this over the top for me. I will be back for another! The plantains were also good. I haven't had them that thick before. Next time, I'll have to try the yucca fries. The diner area had an old latin atmosphere and smell. Definitely a must have if you frequent the Strip!
4	Simple and delicious. Everything from the chicken (duh) to the yucca fries to the brisket burritos. Try it all. One of the best gems of the Strip District that never seems overcrowded. I have not had much in the way of Peruvian cuisine, but I am told that it is spot on if a little light on the spice. I'm not sure how much I agree with this sentiment, because each time I venture to CL it is always ready to explode all sorts of flavors in my mouth. Overall, very friendly and helpful staff with an authentic ethnic flair.
5	So this place doesn't need another glowing review, but I'm back from a 5 year Yelping hiatus, and this is one of my favorite restaurants EVER, so dammit, I'm going to heap on yet more praise for this Strip District eatery.Chicken Latino pretty much embodies the idea of focusing on one thing (chicken!!) and doing it right.  I absolutely adore their Peruvian chicken...so moist, tender, flavorful, delicious. And their yummy spanish rice and creamy black bean sides.  And their crispy chicken burrito... OMG....pulled chicken and gooey cheese in a fried, light crispy shell.  And let's not forget to douse everything in their amazing spicy, tangy, citrus-y, cilantro-y green sauce.  Ohhhhhh, the green sauce.Yeah, I'm drooling on my laptop.  Just go. Go now.
4	I stopped by here a couple of Saturdays ago with my fiance for lunch after we had been shopping in the Strip District.  I have been wanting to come here since I had noticed that it opened.  Whenever we walked up to the restaurant we were sad to see that the outdoor seating was already full as it was a beautiful day outside.  As soon as we walked inside we were greeted by a host, sat down and given menus.  The inside isn't too much to look it as it has a large counter with the menu on the wall on one side of the restaurant and a number of tables with chairs on the other side that could probably sit about 30 people or so.  As we were looking over our menus one of the outdoor tables got up and was cleaned and so we quickly asked our waiter if we could move out to it and he agreed.  The seats ended up making a great place for people watching especially on a busy Saturday in the strip. For my lunch entree I decided to order the pulled pork in peruvian spices and also tried to get a side of yucca fries with it while my fiance went with the 1/4 chicken and regular fries.  I was told that neither the yucca fries nor plantains were considered side items with the entrees and so I instead picked the steak fries while also ordering the yucca fries as an extra side.  Our meals came out within a reasonable amount of time and with it came a green chile sauce that our waiter warned us was pretty hot.  Now I am a guy that loves hot stuff and he was right, this stuff was pretty hot.  He did also tell us that a lot of people like to mix the sauce with mayo to make a great dipping sauce and his advice was spot on.  Whenever my meal arrived I have to admit that I was pretty impressed with the amount of food that I got, especially the pork.  The first few bites of the pork were moist but missing something and so I put the chili sauce on it which was nice.  However as I started getting closer to the bottom I noticed that there was a garlic type sauce underneath the pork which was absolutely fantastic.  I made sure to dip the rest of my pork and fries into that and even some of the yucca fries as well.  Having both the yucca fries and potato fries at our table made eating both sets pretty unique as it was easy to compare and contrast.  Both sets tasted pretty good but the yucca fries were much firmer while also having a little bit more taste. Whenever all was said and done my fiance and I ended up ordering too much food and had to take some of both kinds of the fries home.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  Chicken Latino is more than reasonably priced and I loved everything that we ordered here.  My only regret is that I would have found that garlic sauce a bit earlier so that all of my pork would have been as good.
5	A true hidden gem in Pittsburgh. I've had my fair share of Latino food but this place really takes the cake. I highly recommend the pulled pork (SO TENDER) and definitely coat it with the green sauce they provide. Their yuca fries are awesome, as are their quesadillas and ...well pretty much everything. If you eat the yuca fries, ask for mayo and mix it with the green sauce~best dipping sauce evaaaThat being said...does anyone know what is in the green sauce?
4	Got a half chicken with rice and beans for sides and a order of nachos for a appetizer. They have Mexican Coke, which always scores points with me. The chicken was delicious, fell right off the bone and was really juicy and flavorful. The meal was pretty cheap as well, with the half a chicken being like $8 if I remember right and the whole meal being around $15. There's a lot of good places in Pittsburgh to eat at, but was pleasantly surprised by this place. Probably will be back in the future.
2	Ordered the 1/4 chicken with fries and coleslaw, and the crispy chicken burritos.  The only we can take it down were the fries, sodas, and the chicken.  The burritos was deep fried, nothing special, no taste...  The TV was too loud.
3	After walking by this place every time we go to the strip, we finally decided to try it instead of a street vendor style lunch. I had the chicken with rice and beans. The chicken was tender but not as flavorful as I was expecting. It definitely needed paired with the delicious spicy green sauce on the table. The rice and beans were a little bland but tasted good with sauce. My husband had the pork with rice. The pork was really tender. We sat outside and I think they forgot about us for a while. I'd come back to try the yucca fries - wish we would've gotten them.
4	While wandering down the strip at night on a recent Saturday, I began to feel like we were in the real life I am Legend. At one point I swear I saw tumble weeds rolling down the street. Would we ever find a reasonable meal option outside of Rolands? Enter Chicken Latino. The inside was much bigger than expected.  Well, maybe it felt huge because we were the only people there. Nonetheless, we found the best view of the soccer game and ordered our food. I munched on some yuca fries while waiting for my quesadilla. (If you've never tried them, they are a lot like french fries but, with a slightly different consistency.) Within a few minutes, our entrees arrived. My quesadilla was jam packed with cheese, chicken and rice. Quite possibly the biggest quesadilla I've ever had. Hubs also raved about the Peruvian chicken. Overall, a great place for a quick lunch or dinner while in the strip.
3	Ive come here a few times for lunch on my lunch break... People really love this place at work and so does my boyfriend however I don't think it's anything special. It's pretty good but I don't think there's enough options on the menu and it's kinda just whatever food... I've had the quesadilla and burrito on two different occasions. I love the atmosphere though; I studied abroad in Ecuador and it definitely reminds me of every restaurant there which I love seeing that in pittsburgh!
2	This place totally was a dud, If your name is Latino chicken,  you have to come through with something that kicks but, I was hoping  for some juicy, flavorful, chicken made with tender loving care. What I got was greasy chips, salsa that was most likely from a jar along with a chicken that was flavorless and dried out.... When am I going to learn I need to  start sending stuff that is this bad back to the kitchen. I sure feel like a sucker for eating here thanks YELPers for the bad lead.
4	Loved their crispy chicken burrito with the green sauce (spicy, cilantro-y goodness). Fried plantains were just okay.
5	Rotisserie chicken is huge in Peru, and Peruvian rotisserie chicken is damned good. Chicken Latino lives up to the standard, and they're a great value too. Staple sides of rice and beans are also quite tasty. Atmosphere is nothing special, just the fast food standard, but that's expected for the price. We ordered take-out and they wrapped the containers in saran wrap, keeping our food extra warm. If you're feeling adventurous you can order the bubble gum-flavored, mountain dew-colored Inca Kola here. Worth trying at least once, and perhaps not more.
4	The two best things here are the chicken and the hot green sauce! Try them in any combination with the various dishes. Personally I enjoy the soft chicken burrito, and the breakfast burrito which is definitely the best I've had in Pittsburgh. It comes with eggs, cheese, green peppers, and optionally  chicken, which I highly recommend adding. The green sauce is so hot it will make your tongue sweat, but it's awesome. Try at least a little. I also enjoy the quesadillas, and if you're feeling adventurous, try the Chica Morada drink which is made from purple corn.The atmosphere is super casual, and there are TVs so it may be a little noisy.
4	If you're looking for an inexpensive, tasty lunch in the Strip at a sit down restaurant, give Chicken Latino a try!I came here for lunch today with a friend, and we ordered the half Peruvian rotisserie chicken, yucca fries, and fried plantains, which was more than enough for the two of us.  I also had a bottle of Inca Cola, which I hadn't had since studying abroad in Quito in 2006.  We enjoyed the chicken, which I found tender and well-seasoned, particularly on the skin, particularly with the green sauce, which we mixed with mayo to cut the spiciness.  The yucca fries were also great with the sauce.  I wasn't as much of a fan of the plantains (too sweet), but this is probably an idiosyncratic matter, since I don't really care for bananas much.  All this food set us back about $20, which is pretty inexpensive for a sit down meal, though there is cheaper street food to be had nearby.Our waiter was friendly and helpful, helping us make decisions by making  suggestions.  I also enjoyed the wall hangings, which reminded me of the textiles available at indigenous markets in Ecuador.  One suggestion for improvement would be to have mayo available in squeeze bottles, similar to the green sauce, since tearing open packets is a pain and creates unnecessary waste.  Other than that, nice job and thanks for an enjoyable lunch!
5	I absolutely love this place! I had the chicken quesadilla and it was freakin' huge! I also ordered the fried plantains which where also really good. I cannot recommend this place enough!
4	3.5. Rounded up because I like it. I lived in Miami and are Peruvian food at least a few times a week. The chicken is always amazing. So when I saw Peruvian chicken I was on a mission. Compared to what I was looking for, this was pretty good. It left me wondering what wasn't quite the same as I'm used to. But I ordered a half chicken intending to have leftovers. And nothing was leftover. So whatever it was, the chicken was still damn good!The menu threw me but I guess I can wrap my brain around it. Instead of filling the rest of the menu with Peruvian dishes I was looking for, they threw in some generic "Mexican" items. It's like going to a french restaurant that offers Polish food too. Hell it's all European. But I bet they would have too many people griping about how it can't be authentic latin food if it isn't wrapped in a tortilla, so I get it. Kinda!And do get the hot green stuff and pour it on everything. It would make dry toast taste good!
5	Chicken Latino was a wonderful surprise! Service was fast and friendly, but most importantly, the food was really well prepared - flavorful and succulent. The taste and texture of the food was impressive. My companion's rotisserie chicken was delicate and moist, immaculately seasoned and cooked. A great gluten-free option for someone with Celiac Disease. It being our first food stop back in Pittsburgh, I got a salad with grilled chicken, fries, and shredded cheddar, a dish well known to the region, that I had long craved. And wow, this was the best one I'd ever have.I highly recommend Chicken Latino, and I will be back again next time I visit Pittsburgh.
