2	Whenever I'm traveling I make sure to hit up a thrift store or two in the city. I'm not talking about a Goodwill but a vintage clothing store. Yes they are pretty much the same thing but I feel like when you have independent stores such as Hobo you get a better quality item and a lot less Relay For Life t-shirts lying around. When I saw Hobo was open I was really excited. Personally I love looking for cool vintage t-shirts so I thought I'd be in heaven, however I was pretty disappointed in the selection. The employee who I'm pretty sure was the owner was very friendly and the store for the most part was pretty well put together. My thought when I saw the store front was that this was going to be a trendy place to buy vintage (i like saying vintage instead of saying old trash no one wants anymore) clothing for a little more money than I'd pay at Goodwill. The prices being higher aren't an issue for the reason I just mentioned but I just felt like their wasn't much selection. I think total there were 8 racks of clothing and some clothing along the side but I really was underwhelmed by the selection. I'm glad there are stores moving in downtown and I'm hoping that since this store is newer that it's only growing, but if it doesn't do something to better itself I'm not sure it'll stay in town much longer.
3	Good prices(Men's dress shirts $9-10), decent selection although I'll admit men's clothes are a bit lacking - Definitely better for the professional or business casual shopper than the casual shopper - but since this is a place that will be frequented by mostly business folks, I think that is justified. There are about 12 circular racks of clothes, the tops of which have about 5 pairs of shoes each on, and there are some cases of jewelry around. The racks aren't labelled, so I only saw about 3 for guys, but I could have been wrong.The owner is super nice, also
2	For a thrift store cohabiting downtown, I expected A LOT more.  It seemed as if there was a good amount of clothes for the space and I got pretty excited walking in.  When I started to look through the selection I surprisingly did see some designer names like Mark Jacobs and Prada but.....They were all from the 80's, I swear.  I understand that's what a thrift store is...people bringing in unwanted clothes from every decade.  I just wanted something other than a bright red, huge shoulder pad stuffed pantsuit.  I know shoulder pads are back in, but I swear they're not as linebacker looking.  I also thought the prices were a little pricey for the product choice and quality.  I will say that the owner was extremely nice and talkative.  I just hope they get a better selection because I agree with Andrew V., we need more shopping downtown.  Here's hoping to really super fashionable people not wanting their clothes anymore and bringing them here!
