4	Welcome to the neighborhood, Chipotle! My co-workers and I have been eagerly awaiting the Grand Opening for this Chipotle, just three blocks away from our office. We have a Qdoba nearby already, but we all agree that Chipotle is much better. For the past few months, we've seen the old building get torn down, a new building go up, and one day after we all wondered what was going to be there, a sign went up that said "Chipotle, Coming Soon". Giddy, giddy, giddy. You can imagine our excitement since all of us are fans. But that sign was mean, because it was up for over a month without any indication as to when "soon" was. Come on! That is just way too long to be teased, wouldn't you say?Well, the time has finally come. November 21st is the GRAND OPENING, as the sign outside now says. I did pass by today, the day before the grand opening and the inside was curiously crowded. Turns out they were having a "training day" for the employees, so thanks to an invitation by the greeter outside, I strolled in for a sneak preview of my - soon to be regular lunch - steak burrito bowl, tortilla on the side, with corn, tomatoes, hot salsa, sour cream, and cheese. Optional is the guac, cuz sometimes I feel like a guac, and sometimes I don't. Or rather, sometimes I feel like spending an extra $1.80, and sometimes I just don't.Yay, for Chipotle! (that rhymes even tho the spelling is completely different)(Note: I will refrain from reminding myself and everyone else that you typically run yourself about 800-900 calories on a Chipotle burrito.)
4	This is one fast food place that I go and eat and don't feel guilty.  Not because what I eat is really low calorie and I am going to suddenly get skinny, but because it is good hearty food that fills you up without a lot of other junk.  These burritos are huge, and are mainly stuffed with rice and beans, with some other tasty treats as you desire.  I think I've found a favorite with the Veggie Fajita Burrito - which includes the guac that is normally extra $, and also peppers and onions.   The parking lot is a bit cramped, and the place is pretty busy around lunchtime, but the lines go very quickly.  I would still walk the extra minute to the Qdoba (literally right next to the Chipotle) if I wanted a Quesadilla, or a little variation on the burrito.  Most of the time my burrito is bursting out of its shell before they wrap it in foil, so I have to go at it with a fork, so make sure you get some napkins too!
5	Yes, I know it's a huge chain.  Yes, they only serve burritos.  But I had a friend in from out of town who'd never eaten at a Chipotle, because friends told him it was mediocre.This is the best fast food restaurant I know.  Five stars.  I have never had food this fast/cheap/tasty in any form that was repeatable.If you're not eating the vegetarian options, the carnitas pork + pinto beans is hands down the best combination.
3	Not authentic Mexican food, but for fast food, this is, perhaps, the best option. The food is filling,  the staff here are well mannered, and it is clean.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!!  I prob eat here 3-4 times per week.  Usually after my workout or after work.  For fast food,  it can actually be a healthy option, depending on what you put on ur burrito. The management staff is very friendly,  & sometimes they go around to each customer and make sure their food is okay.  Great customer service! The servers are very nice too and will talk to you while they make your food if it's not too crowded.  They are always busy,  but the line is always fast moving.  I have never been unsatisfied with my food here,  sometimes I have to take a break from it because i eat it so much.  I hate to cook, (I'm pretty bad at it too) so it's just easier to eat here.  I just wish they offered brown rice as an alternative to the white cilantro-lime rice.  It is delicious but I try not to eat white rice that much.  The chips are also AMAZING, but they are kinda fattening.  Love this place!!
4	These burritos are so huge that they give you directions on how to eat them on the napkins!! Every meat is so delicious and well seasoned, the rice is mixed with cilantro and lime juice, and chips are lightly coated with salt and lime juice. I love this place.
3	It's probably dumb to review a chain fast-food restaurant, but I will do it anyway.  Such is my devotion to Yelp.I like that this Chipotle has a parking lot; it makes it much easier to satisfy our cravings for burrito deliciousness.  Every time I've been here, the staff has been very friendly.  It looked to me like their scoops of rice, meat, and salsa, were a bit meager, but I didn't say anything about it.  Largely because Chipotle can be pretty high calorie as it is - I don't usually count these things, but I did today for kicks and my burrito was 810 calories, and I didn't even get sour cream!  But on the bright side, they claim to use organic produce, cows without hormones, sustainably raised ingredients, and you don't hear that often from a fast-food joint.  The food always tastes fresh.My burrito was a little colder than I'd like it - maybe they're all that way and I'm just picky - but I had to put it in the oven to bring it to a good temperature.  Nonetheless, it was very tasty as always - "it" being a chicken burrito with corn salsa and cheese.  omnomnom.  It's a lot of food and the price is right.
3	Pretty much like every other restaurant in the chain. If you like one, you will like them all. Having always lived in areas with much better burrito restaurants (Freebirds in TX and CA, Boca Grande in Seattle), I only hit Chipotle if I am on the road or in a hurry.The carnitas burrito is OK, too much rice and I don't like the fact that guacamole is extra at this price point. Also it would be nice if they just tossed in chips too. I don't get the review that stated generous portions. I assume the tortilla size  is standard, and it is definitely smaller than most burrito places I have gone too.
4	The food is the normal Chipotle fare.  It's just as good as any other good Chipotle, so talking about the food really isn't needed.  If you don't like other Chipotles you won't like this one.The location was very close to the hotel my company put me up in, which made it great for me.  There wasn't a lot of parking, so if I had to drive here that might have been an issue.Inside it's the typical Chipotle setup, with some tables, booths and stools.  There was a good line, but still plenty of free seats so that's good.  The best part was the staff.  While I felt they were a bit slower than at my local Chipotle, they were very friendly.  We had a few laughs and it made waiting for my burrito that much better.Overall this is a great Chipotle and if I'm back next year, I'll be sure to stop by again.
4	Chipotle is a concept restaurant, so no its not going to be "authentic mexican" nor will it be authentic mexican portions prices and sizes. Try to remember what state you're in....But I love them for other reasons, like their attempts to use more humanely raised beef, pork and chicken. Also the Chipotle in Midvale, UT used to donate food to the treatment center I worked at for women and children. So two days a week I got to eat it for lunch, and one time they messed up catering order. I was asked to pick up 40 free burritoes, hell yess I would, damn that was one heavy box but I got to take home 8 free burritoes! Anyway back to the basics, the beef is the closest thing to Carne Esada you will find in this town, the Carnitas are pretty good. Chicken is not my fav, ask for veggies on your burrito, and add Guac its worth it. I like that they have a variety of salsas to choose from, mild, med hot, and stock extra hot sauce. I just wish it was Cholula hot sauce but oh well. Someone said this location was dirty and gross, I didn't find it to be. I think Guac could be a little cheaper, seeing as how i can make it for half that price but that is my only gripe. Love these guys!
4	This Chipotle is no different than any other Chipotle in the country. I also find it no different than Qdoba. The food these two competitive chain restaurants sell are too similar to each other. I find this mind-boggling.Anyway, I tend to go to this particular Chipotle because it's closer to where I live. There is a parking lot, but it is very small. Good luck finding a parking space. It tends to get extremely busy during the usual times, lunch and dinner. The lines can get pretty long. The staff works as quickly as they can to serve the customers. However, if the line isn't moving, then I'll go next door to Qdoba. I've switched from steak bowels to steak salads because I do not need the extra carbs from the rice. The guacamole is delicious, but I don't get it that often because it's too expensive. Other than that, this is one of my favorite places to go to when I don't feel like cooking!
5	Great food that is decent for you.
5	This is one of the best Chipotle's we've ever eaten at. The team members are quite attentive, and the management check in with customers from time/time to see how things are. We've been there quite a bit, so the staff remember us. Big plus for them. They execute the recipes well, recognize any of their own errors, and make sure that supplies are stocked up. If you're in Pittsburgh, or visiting from out of town, this is a good Chipotle experience.
4	Well, it's another Chipotle like any other, except this one has a small parking lot behind it as well as on street parking which is usually available. My favorite thing about Chipotle is the fact that they keep the menu extremely simple and use high-quality ingredients such as hormone/antibiotic free meats. Try getting the soft tacos with corn tortillas which are available on request; they're much better that way. Also, the bottled chipotle hot sauce is excellent on said tacos.
4	Yep, it's a chain, but a pretty good one overall. The ingredients are just about always very fresh and tasty. You can get your items customized pretty much anyway you want as long as they have the ingredients. In particular, the meats are all very good and well cooked, unlike Qdoba which tends to dry everything out. The pork in particular is excellent. One nice thing:  you can get tacos priced per each one. So if you only want 1 taco or want 15 tacos, they will accommodate that. The price per taco is 1/3 of the menu price (where you get 3 tacos). One other point I want to make is if you eat Paleo or Whole30 or similar. It is surprisingly hard to eat at Chipotle on those programs. While the chain boasts of their sustainable practices in regards to ingredients, they often prepare items with non-Paleo ingredients. For example, except for the pork, all of their meats have soybean oil (Paleo/Whole30 no-no). Same goes for their fajita vegetables. This severely limits what you can order if you are eating on these programs. In particular, I wish they would change how they cook the veggies, as I really enjoy them. Chipotle does make changes to their menu items (for example, they just made their pinto beans vegetarian friendly) so it may be worth reaching out to them to request a change. Anyway, just something to keep in mind. Luckily, the pork is so good  and the red salsas Paleo-friendly I usually put that on a basic salad and am good to go. This location is a little small with limited parking, so be forewarned it can be a pain during busy lunch/dinner hours. Despite my issues with the use of soybean oils, definitely a good place for a quick meal.
4	Great chipotle location. They make large burritos and are generous with the guacamole. If you plan on driving to this location, be aware there is extremely limited parking in their lot. Lunch time is also extremely busy on weekdays. Waiting in line for about 15 mins before I got to the counter to put in my order.
4	This place is always super busy so I order ahead! Not as consistent as the chipotle in West Mifflin, but I still love going. One bad experience with really cold food, steak and chicken ice cold..but it was rectified. Chipotle is still my #1 fast food restaurant.
5	I love this Chipotle. The staff is fantastic, and even though it gets really crowded, especially at lunchtime, the line always moves quickly. The parking lot is really small, so you may have to park in the Qdoba lot (be sneaky about it), or drive around for a while until a spot becomes available.I usually get a veggie burrito bowl, but I love the barbacoa (spicy shredded beef) as well as the carnitas (shredded pork). Their salsas are always delicious. I especially enjoy the fresh mild and the corn salsas. Their fresh guacamole is by far the best "take out" guac I've ever had. I just can't resist it.There is plenty of seating at this location, even though though the parking can be a bit of a problem. But really, the staff is the best part. They are always attentive and friendly. It's always such a nice experience. I try not to go more than once a week!
2	Ok if you are in a rush. Not very tasty but staff is nice.
1	Last time they had no beans, this time no rice. Not sure what's going on hope they get their act together.
4	I love this place is quick good yum fast on the healthy side FOOD!!! And workers are super nice ..
