5	Went here the other day in search of a Super Nintendo and they were sold out. They did give me plenty info about the other alternative systems I had thought of getting and then ordered for me the Supa-Boy(Portable SNES) and now I sit at home and wait. Can't wait!!!They had a good selection of all games and some great old school arcade machines. Glad to see a video game store that carries everything all the old systems and not just the new systems like all the Major stores.
5	This store is every retro video game player, collector, lover's dream. They offer a great selection of retro games and systems, as well as current gen systems and games. The greatest thing about this store is the knowledgeable staff with the spectacular prices coming in a close second. Wilder knows his stuff and is always ready to identify a game you loved from your childhood. All you need to do is provide him with what you remember, and BAM! You will be thanking him for recovering those lost memories.Did I already mention the awesome prices? Save Point generally offers first day release titles for a few bucks less than the big retail competitors. Why not save a few bucks and support a great local establishment? It is a win/win situation here! Never expect to pay an outrageous price for games there. Even the rarest of titles sport a reasonable price tag that will give you every reason to avoid Ebay for those sought after games.Lastly, Save Point brings back the importance of a 25 cent per play Arcade. Nothing is more fun than getting a few friends and pumping quarters into the 6-player X-Men Arcade machine (Dazzler is da best, by the way). Sure this isn't the main draw of the store, but you can't help but play the great classics available in store. Who doesn't love the Simpsons Arcade Game and Marvel vs. Capcom? Probably communists, but that isn't the point.Just do yourself a favor and visit this gem of the University area. Browse the selection, get to know the staff, play some arcade or demo system games, or even participate in one of the many free tournaments on Wednesdays. If anything this store will give even the casual gamer, or once-upon-a-time gamer, a huge helping of nostalgia. Save Point is a real class act and deserves to be in business for many years to come.
5	I love this place. They hold tournaments and have games you can play.All of the prices here are reasonably priced also.You can pretty much find what your looking for here and if you can't then the staff keeps a look out for you and will notify you if the game your looking for is in.
4	This is a decent used game store and they have a variety of old school games to look through. They do need to limit the number of same used games per console though as looking through the NES section there were 10 Top Gun games, and a billion SMB variations. It fattens the shelves to look like there were more games there than there really are.The prices are a bit high in some games, but low in others. One problem I noticed is game cartridge shape didn't really affect price. I was staring at 2 of the same game and one was really beat up with the label in bad shape and the other looked okay, yet they were the same price. That was disappointing as shape is always something I look at when I grab games.The staff seemed nice, but there was some dude sitting on a stool chatting with the 2 guys behind the counter the whole time I was there, I do not know if he worked there, but he just seemed to be som regular just chatting and distracting the other two. I would recommend the place if you are nearby, and can hope they start bringing in more games as it looks like they get people's collection and all of the good games are gone as soon as they come in to "reserves", so you may want to see about reserving a game if you are really after it.
5	For those who don't wanna read a big review, here's the short-and-sweets of this store. Kick ass! Every time I went, the staff had been knowledgeable and always helped me find a game I was looking for.The 4-star reviewer really doesn't get the reputation of the store. This is a nerd's paradise catered to geeks by gamers. They make reproductions of old-school SNES games never released outside Japan. It has the 6-player 'X-Men' arcade game from 1992 and a 'Super Mario Bros.' pinball machine that you can plunk down quarter after quarter to. There is MAME arcade cabinet, kiosks of retro game systems, and video game character artwork hanging throughout the store. Very inviting!Very moderate prices on games. Prices do vary depending on what the game is worth online, usually $4-$3 cheaper. They even get in arcade game boards and actually repair their arcade cabinets.Their Facebook page is something I would highly recommend checking out. Lots of good games have been coming in recently and I have yet to go back there!If you're within a 70-mile radius, I'd recommend checking out Save Point. It is a gamer's paradise!
5	This store is STILL awesome!! Not one problem aside from used games being a little dirty. Employees have all been very helpful to me. They know plenty on retro games... Save Point are just nailing it! Prices are reasonable, and there is always deals going on, 10% off sale when I went on 8/30/2014. Got 'Medievil II' for the PS1 for $16.99 instead of at $19.99. I have also picked up 'Vampire Savior' (Darkstalkers 3) for the Sega Saturn here, and other PS1 games.When I drop by the place, I also like to play some of the arcade games. There is currently  'Street Fighter II' and 'Super Mario Bros.' pinball machines, a MAME arcade cabinet with various fighting games, and who doesn't love the classic 6-player 'X-Men' arcade game? By plagarizing AlphaOmegaSin, nerds, nerdettes and gamers, check this place out and buy some games!! Don't be shy... the employees are there to help you!
5	I have only been to this store a few times, but it was well worth it. My friend was able to buy a GameCube memory card for about $10. She also got a PS Vita game that she had been looking for for months. All in all, great place, love it.
