3	I scream.  You scream.  We all scream... for ice-cream!  Or, so the saying goes... not so much at B & R on Camelback though... there are 2 big disappointing factors about this B &R. 1 - unfriendly employees... I've been in on several occasions and not once have I seen an employee smile or be anything other than monotone. 2 - no soft serve.So, it's fine to get a scoop or two, but honestly, I'd much rather drive the extra 20 minutes and go to Ice Tango!
5	Friendly, fast, clean. Beeh here 3 times, kids always friendly and nice.
4	Can you sit there and say that you've never enjoyed one of the 31 flavors at Baskin Robbins? I definitely can't. In fact, I spent many afternoons during my childhood at my local Baskin Robbins enjoying flavors like Gold Medal Ribbon, Peanut Butter Chocolate, Mint Chocolate Chip and let's not forget about the season Bubble Gum flavor! That was the best because you had gum to chew once you were done with the ice cream!But moving on from my memories to my actual experience at this local Baskin Robbins. I'm giving Baskin Robbins four stars because I know that I can walk in and order a delicious ice cream cake with an adorable decoration, whether it be a golfer, a suit with a tie, a Cars scene...you name it, they've got it! This cake is an instant conversation starter, it's the perfect cake for a party and it's delicious with every bite! You can choose any ice cream flavor, chocolate or vanilla cake and the cakes range from the smallest being around $16 to around $40 for the largest. This includes the decoration. Am I the only remaining person who makes it a point to order an ice cream cake for a special occasion? Maybe, but I hope that others order them to because I don't know what I'll do if I don't have a Baskin Robbins to purchase a cute ice cream cake from! (pictures attached!)
2	Although I am totally disappointed in this store for maintenance and management, I wanted to give an extra star because the young man who was working there ALONE tonight kept his cool, was kind to the kids and was clearly working his tail off.  Management of this store should realize that they are losing business based on the appearance of the store and how the store appears to be managed.  But thank you to  the staff for grace under pressure.
5	I love Baskin Robbins because, well, heck, it has over 31 flavors!  I don't like to veer off from my "boring" Vanilla (as the hubs calls it), but I can't go to BR without getting their cookies and cream on a sugar cone.  There are so many other flavors there that are also quite tasty but I feel like I'm betraying cookies and cream if I try something else.
2	So the birthday boy and I went here the other night because he wanted to get his treat of a free scoop. Unfortunately, we learned after driving out of our way to get here that they no longer honor birthday coupons. I understand there is a cost associated with accepting the coupon, but it seems as though it would be a small one for loyal customers. I think the company as a whole should accept a coupon or have a way of notifying people when they search for locations near them.
2	When kids beg for ice cream, and it sounds good to me too, I am happy to consider Baskin-Robbins as this is what I grew up with.  However, this store is a continuous disappointment.  We went on a Saturday night and there was only 1 young woman working there.  I felt bad for her as she was truly working hard to get orders out to the line.  They've "updated" the store but it doesn't seem any better, just different.  And, on the weekend before Christmas, they inexplicably did not have peppermint ice cream.
1	I went to this location on 8/31 during their $1.31 scoop event and I have to say it was the worst experience I've ever had. There was a line out the door with only one employee working. It took over an hour to get a scoop of of Ice Cream and by the time I went to pay it was melted due to the long wait and lack of air conditioning. I will not be going back to this location anytime soon.
