5	There was a lot of hype going into my first visit to Bonzai Bob's. I checked the menu last year while preparing for the Olympia Weekend Expo. With this being one of the then 2-time (about to be 3-time) Mr. Olympia, Jay Cutler's, spots, my boyfriend and I thought it would only be appropriate to have a bonzai bowl after the Expo. Sadly, we planned badly because we visited the day after Jay won his 3rd title and learned that Bonzai Bob's was not open on Sundays. Lesson learned, we showed up this year on Saturday. Now, people will say time and time again that a business' service is great and sometimes (especially in LA) that might mean the staff leaves your alone or just smiles once in a while. In Bonzai Bob's case, the service is more than great. It's tremendous. The staff was warm and welcoming, as if they were very happy for each person they'd be able to feed that day. We had a party of five and the tables are mostly two and four-tops so we happily pulled an extra chair up. One of the staff members insisted we just pull up another table so we could spread out and even started pulling the table over herself. My boyfriend and I ordered together and both asked for fountain drinks to which the cashier replied, "or, you know, you guys can just share the drink..." I've never heard anyone say that before and, given that this is usually what happens on the downlow anywhere else, I really appreciated the generosity. (We kept the order at two drinks since we already asked for it and didn't want to make him go in and change it)The menu is a healthy eater's dream. You realize very quickly why an elite bodybuilder would frequent such a place, but it should also become apparent to anyone that everyone should eat at such a place. I usually hate eating out when I'm not on a cheat meal because it's impossible to get enough protein without having to order extra sides of meat. Restaurants seemingly hate to give you enough protein (seriously, some portions are joke!) Bonzai Bob's not only gives you the protein you need, they put it out there. Their Bonzai Bowl boasts 80 grams of protein and it's very easy to see that they give you all 80 grams. There were chunks of meat in every bite of food we took. You can opt for a bowl, which includes meat (chicken, shrimp, or steak), fresh veggies (broccoli, carrots, zucchini- there are what I remember off the top of my head) and a choice of brown or white rice. Yakisoba bowls give you the meat and veggies on noodles. Low carb bowls cut the rice. Or you can opt for a salad of wrap. You can add spice, onions, or garlic to your liking (double up the garlic, go low on spice, whatever) and it'll be made to your liking. I the Smalls Special, which includes veggies, steak, and shrimp on yakisoba, with garlic, onions, and hot spice. I added sriracha and soy sauce at the table for some personal tweaks, but I was completely satisfied with my meal. If you're feeling adventurous, famished, or in need of a boost, you can do what my boyfriend did and order the Triple O bowl, which is a Jay Cutler specialty (which I'm assuming will soon be renamed to reflect his 4th win!). This has white meat chicken, veggies, and onions on white rice in a mega sized portion- the biggest bowl they offer. It was easily 3 or 4 times larger than my bowl and it was filled. The chicken pieces were huge and generously mixed in. The location is perfect- in the same plaza as a gym and tanning salon- so I hope they have tons of regulars. In short, we're hooked and will plan a trip back then next time we find ourselves in Vegas!
5	absolutely LOVE this place!!!food was amazing. service was probably the best ive ever had, even more so because its a smaller and "fast food" type establishment.i first heard about this place when my sister and her boyfriend (she was 1st to review this place, btw) were talking about going last year after Mr Olympia 2009. as mentioned in her review, we didnt get to go last year. so this year, a few days before my sister, her boyfriend and another one of our friends were coming to vegas for Mr Olympia 2010, i was reminded of this place. so, as her boyfriend and i were chatting on facebook at like 1am, we stumbled upon the menu and i knew exactly what i wanted to order. "the smalls special". steak, shrimp, yakisoba noodles, veggies, garlic. i added extra garlic and got it mild spicy. after walking around the olympia expo the entire day, it was exactly what i needed. super filling, but healthy at the same time. i ordered a vitamin water, but i wasnt sure which one i wanted. instead of reading them to me out loud, he said i could just walk behind the counter and grab the one i wanted. who does that? nobody!!! except this place.everyone in this place was so friendly and welcoming. very attentive to their guests and probably the most polite. they noticed my sister was wearing an athlete's badge, her boyfriend an exhibitor badge, and us our expo wristbands, and they conversed with us about the expo. even small comments like "how's everything tasting?" or "everyone still doing ok?" or "thank you so much for coming in!!! glad you've heard of us! come back soon!" you really don't get just anywhere. the guy who took our order addressed us with "sir" and "ma'am", even though he was obviously older than we were. if it weren't so far from where i lived, i would be here on a regular basis. thank you regina and javier for recommending this place! and thanks jay cutler, 4 time mr olympia for dining here on a regular basis and making it known to my sister and her boyfriend.we will be back :]
5	This is the absolute best place for a post training meal. I had the Mr. "O" bowl, of course. Amazing. So much chicken breast. This is the quintessential, clean-food restaurant. Worth every penny.
4	This is the Perfect little family-run (?) teriyaki grill that's ideal as a post-workout refueling.  Yaki Soba noodles either with our without protein...simple and delicious.  You can stop in for a quick lunch, catch up on sports highlights with ESPN always on and local "rags" stocked up.
