4	I'd heard that the bagels here are pre-made/frozen and not boiled, so I was VERY skeptical about trying them out.  I was incredibly and very pleasantly surprised.The bagels are actually really good and wonderfully chewy.  The sandwiches contain top quality ingredients in some very creative combinations.  My dining companion and I tried the Nagel and the Hummus sandwiches and found them both to be delicious.  Two sandwiches, two chips and two drinks was only about $15.  They have high end chips in all sorts of crazy and yummy sounding flavors, which is a neat twist on the traditional chips & sandwiches combo.Service is very good and friendly, and they were very generous about letting me sample one of the cream cheese flavors (berry inferno = yum).  It's very student oriented and had a nice atmosphere that was welcoming even to non-students.On the down side, there is almost no seating in the place so plan on going somewhere else to sit and enjoy your meal.  If they add some tables, I'll up it to 5 stars.  The sandwiches are bagel-sized (duh), which isn't that big so this isn't the place to go if you're starving and looking for a huge meal.   For a quick breakfast or lunch, though, this is the perfect place.I live and work off campus and think this place is good enough to justify driving around at $4 a gallon looking for parking, which is saying a lot!  I will definitely be going back!
3	When i heard howbowda bagel was opening in Champaign it was just another reason that I was sad to graduate. So when I was back on campus a few weeks ago I stopped by the place for a sandwich. The place was OK. They had a big menu of sandwiches which were around $5 so pretty reasonably priced for bagel places. I got the Sunrise Fiesta and it was a huge sandwich. It tasted good but nothing exceptional. The bagel was ok, it's too bad that they don't make them there but I understand the cost constraints. I think they're trying to model themselves after the way Jimmy John's started up as a low cost sandwich place. Anyway, the two things that disappointed me were that the sandwich was really messy and the definitely forgot to give me a napkin along with the sandwiches. If I was on campus and really craving a bagel, I'd go there, but I don't think I'd make a tradition out of it
1	I was so excited about the idea of a bagel place on Green St, but this was a huge disappointment. The first time that I went I ordered one of their menu sandwiches and after waiting at least 10 min for them to finish got the wrong sandwich back.  I didn't notice until I was already too far away to go back so I decided to try it anyways.  First thing I noticed was that it had been wrapped in paper then foil.  The foil steamed the hot sandwich and got it all soggy, therefor causing the paper to adhere to it.  After picking off the paper and getting over the soggy bagel (and the fact that their bagels don't come close to the real beautiful thing), I got to the eating.  The monologue about this sandwich eating experience ends soon after since the soggy cold bacon in the sandwich forced me to repress the rest of the memory.Being a bagel lover, I had to try it again a few months later.  The staff is a bit quicker but the quality has not gone anywhere.  I guess they are an early morning food option if that's what you're looking for.
4	A nice little bagel joint that has to offer a cheap, warm snack to any starving college student.Getting a toasted bagel with some variety of spread (and they have a variety of both types of bagels, as well as spreads) costs you under $2, and keeps you from thinking of food for another 3-4 hours, as the spread is applied generously.I highly recommend the Egg or Sesame bagel, as well as their fellow entrepreneurs' Nantucket Nectars' drinks.The owners are friendly and customer-orientated, and they are willing to provide modest discounts for catering, especially if done on a regular basis.And remember, they deliver now!
5	I love this place! The Lox it Up is so good and all of their breakfast sandwiches are good too. It's a simple place; most people take their food to go, but there is seating by the window. The people are always very nice as well. It's a little pricey, but the bagels are incredibly filling (they put alot of stuff inside).
2	I hate to do this to them, but they upped the prices on the plain bagel and cheese, and they are pushing promotions like no tomorrow. They had that slight price advantage over any other food joint on Green St, and they trampled all over it.I feel for your entrepreneurial spirit, kind owners, but you're doing us wrong.
3	I've been searching for a decent bagel place since moving to C-U and was hopeful when I discovered Howbowda Bagel. The owner is clearly interested/involved in the business. When he was ringing up my order he noticed the staff person had put my hot bagels into a plastic bag. Bagels (esp. hot ones!) should go into a paper bag, with the plastic freezer bag enclosed and he mentioned this to his employee. He was very friendly and I really wanted to like his bagels and become a "regular."Unfortunately, the bagels just weren't real bagels, they were bagel-shaped bread-like things.. The bagel was soft and mushy, lacking the characteristic sheen and crust of a great bagel. My guess is that he uses steam ovens instead of the boil then bake method or gets dough shipped in or something, but I'm not sure.  I also bought some cream cheese, ~8oz, and it was sour... I always try to patronize independent places, but I really wish that a Bruegger's would move into the neighborhood. Yes it's a chain, but it's better than what is available right now.  Panera has the "shine" and "crust" on it's bagels, but they use the same all-purpose flour as their baguettes, so the crumb is crumbly and dry- not chewy like a real bagel. Stewart's Artisan Bagels from the Urbana Farmers' Market is closer to a NY style bagel, but, 1) too much malt gives them a weird smell/flavor, 2) They are made the day ahead and put in plastic bags- so they are not fresh bagels. 3) They are very small (hardly larger than hockey pucks) and he charges $9/doz..
3	Oooh, breakfast on the go!Owned and operated by U of I grads, Howbowda's something different in the blur of greasy pizza's, burger's, and hot dog's on Green St.  Howbowda has some unique names and combinations for their bagels (of course, you can get the basic bagel w/ cream cheese here too) like their Goat Boy (chicken breast, goat cheese, mushroom sauce, and roasted red peppers on a spinach bagel), or one of my favorites: Hummina, Hummina, Hummina, Hummus.  Their items cost anywhere from $5-$8.Because the owners aren't afraid to get their hands dirty (whether it's ringing up/fulfilling orders, helping to make the bagels, etc.), service here is pretty good and fast.  For a relatively new institution, Howbowda's quite a well oiled machine.However, the fact that Dunkin Donuts opened right next to Howbowda probably doesn't help business all too much...  It's a good thing Howbowda caters to its own niche of bagel lovers.  Just make sure to grab a few napkins because things can get a little messy with these loaded bagels and eat them fast because hot bagel + warm condiments + foil wrapping = soggy bagel if you wait too long.One qualm I have with this place is that they have minimal seating in here.  I get that they expect most people to run in, grab a bagel, then run off to class, but what about those who want to just sit with a newspaper and relax while eating their bagel?All in all, decent place, but I wouldn't eat here too often...
3	First off, props to the owner- you really put your heart and soul both into the creation and promotion of this restaurant.  I remember when I first saw the newspaper article about the plans, the business class I was sitting in on predicted that this would fail within 6 months.  Shows how much they know!I mostly tolerated my food- nothing special, but it did feel fresh.  In the end, it was still a pretty greasy, boring bagel (philly cheesesteak bagel) which I ended up not even finishing half of (for extenuating circumstances beyond the mediocrity of the bagel itself) but my biggest drawback with this place is the lack of seating- 5 seats at a bar along the window does not qualify as seating!  Something needs to be done about this!Also, my bagel-wich seemed rather pricey.  Kinda disappointing for a small restaurant with no franchising to be pricing above market.Edit:  It would appear that Howbowda Bagel is closing this week.  A shame, as it was a great entrepreneurial experiment, but not too surprising in the end.
