4	Have only eaten at the Vu restaurant, which is a very nice place.  The food was above average, just not excellent.  But the grounds of this hotel are beautiful.  For a date, a gondola ride after dinner is a romantic ending to the meal.
5	Great place! Stayed here on a whim of flying toPhoenix ('coz the weather's good, compared to foggySan Francisco) in the middle of moving into a newhouse.We were pleasantly surprised of the pool staying openquite late. Also, they made killer mudslides poolside.Rooms were spacious and neutral, yet not boring. I'll definitely stay there again. Two thumbs way up!
5	Solely based on the grounds and the bar, I give Gainey Ranch five stars.  It is a gorgeous and fun place to have drinks and walk around.  The landscaping and layout are well done, but I particularly like the open air seating when the weather is nice.  The atmosphere is lively but grown-up.  Although I am typically a grey goose and soda girl, I will venture out for their apple-tini because it is so refreshing (and strong)!  This is a great alternative to the bar scene and a perfect place for intimate after dinner cocktails or to meet friends for a rowdy evening at the bar.Update:  Finally stayed at the Hyatt Gainey Ranch.  Although the rooms are average, the resort is so wonderful, it is still five stars in my book.  They do need to update the rooms a bit as we saw a visible water leak.  However, the beds were incredibly comfy and the big deck for sunbathing was nice.  I officially have a new favorite cocktail - the pomegranate mojito.  We had some cocktails and appetizers at the bar and again were so overjoyed by the fantastic views.
4	Quite possibly one of the loveliest pools around.  It's actually more of a complex of interconnected pools complete with a beach at one end (kid alert!) and a swim-up bar on the other side.  At night the whole complex is enchanting.The staff is quite friendly and the hotel boasts several good bar options for hanging out and soaking up atmosphere.  Did I say friendly staff?  Hmm, let me just say that my every interaction with a member of this team was accompanied by a genuine smile and/or "How are you?".   Hospitality industry veterans (yep, that's me) are pretty good at spotting the grit-teeth-and-smile-at-the-annoyance look.  I never saw it here.What I truly love about this hotel, however, is the very dramatic lobby with it's many levels and views.  It just screams "I am at a resort!" and I adore it.  Full disclosure - I have never stayed here as a private guest, only as a member of a business conference (several years in a row), but I would definitely put this place in my top choices of places to stay should I ever come as a private vacationer.
5	One of the most beautiful spa resorts. I'm not a big desert fan, and there are lots of cacti... but I must admit, landscaping is tastefully done. Two reasons I'd go back: Spa Avania and Vu. The grounds, ten pools, the service, the unique cocktails (I agree with Meridith, the pomegranate mojito is fantastic) and the entire package is irresistible, but the restaurant and spa are big draws for me... especially the restaurant. Newly remodeled (a little over a year old), Spa Avania is breathtaking. Lots of stone and water elements - the entrance alone has several just in case you forget to relax. The locker rooms are bedecked with lotus slate, dark wood, fruit, water, and a load of other amenities. Massage rooms are lovely, and massage therapists are awesome. I indulged and had a couple of treatments. As you can see from the pictures, the spa is a worthwhile oasis.Only three months ago did Vu undergo a big change as well. New sumptuous loungy dcor and chef. Brian Lewis - from Bix (SF), Village Pub (bay area), Oceana (NY), Four Seasons (NY) - is now at the helm. He's truly incredible. The six of us were fortunate enough to experience a multi-course meal; I lost count after the tenth dish. A sample of what I had: - Heirloom tomatoes cut into rectangular vessels - each topped with a complimentary flavor (out of this world)- Chiogga beets with osetra caviar brioche, sorrel, mandarin yogurt (oh, yum)- Kurabuta pork belly, quince, pickled chanterelles, agave nectar- Niman ranch beef short ribs, black cherry confiture, a mix of shropshire, walnut, coffee grinds (absolutely delicious!)- Maitake mushroom risotto, smoked gouda, truffled celery (a favorite)- Chocolate donut holes with a side of chocolate crme topped with peanut butter crme and toffee bits (stop me!)I could go on and on. You need to try it for yourself. Enjoy!
5	holy shit i love this hotel. super nice, big main lobby with live music and a fire, acres of pools that include a beach and a waterslide, and amazing drinks poolside next to a bomb golf course.this place is unreal. you just plain have to go here. the restaurants are good, but most of your day you will spend by the pool sipping on great frozen drinks while occasionally finding a small pool somewhere you didn't know existed. make it happen.
5	In my teens, we snuck in here and used the pool. It was like pressing your nose up against the glass and watching how the Other Half lives.Last year, my hubby and I took advantage of a summer residents' special and finally got to experience all Gainey Ranch has to offer (without worring about the cops being called on us). First of all, the resort is architecturally beautiful, with stone, brick and coppery-tones eching the natural landscape. The linens were luxurious and the in-room bath products heavenly.We enjoyed the pools, with waterfalls and interlinked waterways. Best of all, we took a real-life gondolla ride. How romantic! We had planned to try out the golf and tennis the second day, but, let's just say, we decided to do other things...
5	As I was checking in, I heard someone else ask how much a room was? They answered $419 a night. Not for me, I was comped by the scottsdale culinary festival.  Do you enjoy a facility more on someone else's dime?   This is a nice benefit of dating me ladies, I get invited to events and they pay for it.  Sweet!  This is one of the few times, I was impressed. To bad, I am not a golfer, your first view is of the beautiful golf course. Okay, the hotel still made plenty on me. I think I had everything except the soda in the liquor cabinet. I also had all the food except for a few candy bars.  Yeah, the pool is great if I were the type to sit around at a pool.
5	Spent a week there on business. Like others, the bar, pools, Spa, and staff were all amazing. Got a deal on Priceline too, so it was easier on the wallet.Great place, if you have to be in PHX, its worth the drive to Gainey Ranch in Scottsdale.
3	OK, I'm the outlier.  I didn't love it.The pool are beautiful.  The service is so friendly there isn't even a comparison to be made.  But the rooms are not anything special.  The outdoor/pool bars close at 5pm.  Who closes at cocktail hour???  I didn't use the spa or eat at Vu (we didn't like the menu options).I think the "resort" title is a bit of a stretch here.  Translation: not sure what my resort fee got me.  There were rental fees for everything. There was only one restaurant (although two more are scheduled to open in the Fall).  The evening entertainment was more catered toward my parents than me.  If you can get a deal, it will be worth checking out, but if you pay full fare here, I think you'll be disappointed.
1	This is made of cinderblock and cement. If that is your aesthetic taste, go for it.  My room flooded twice, my patio flooded, the hallway ceiling was caving in, and it took 3 days to fix it.  And to be frank, no one at the hotel seemed to care. There are too many other nice hotels and resorts in the Scottsdale area to stay at this one.
1	This is made of cinderblock and cement. If that is your aesthetic taste, go for it.  My room flooded twice, my patio flooded, the hallway ceiling was caving in, and it took 3 days to fix it.  And to be frank, no one at the hotel seemed to care. There are too many other nice hotels and resorts in the Scottsdale area to stay at this one.  OK, the pool is OK, but the Fairmont has a much nicer pool and kids area that is much more seperate than here.  Ugh!And having one restaurant open and just basically a pool does NOT make it  a resort. *btw, there is a $15 daily resort fee!
4	The Gainey Ranch is not far from our place (closer than Old Town destinations) so it makes it an attractive spot when we're in the mood for a few drinks.  I'm a big fan of hotel bars but there must be a distinction here...this is a resort bar, not a hotel bar.  That means that you do get people barefoot, in swimsuits, and children running through there at all hours.  (Which is fine but it's a different feel from a hotel bar such as Skybar.)  Obviously as of right now I have only been there during the summer but it has been a heavy hotel clientele every time we have gone and not many locals.  The rum drinks that they make are fantastic.  They use quality rum (10 Cane! Woohoo!)  and the Flamingo and Mojito are both excellent- well made and strong.  The service at tables can sometimes be slow as there are often  a ton of people there and the waitresses are running around trying to get to everyone.  The live music is a very nice change, I don't think I would classify it as jazz, perhaps more like smooth jazz.  (Think covers of Oye Como Va and Fly Like an Eagle) But they do have an amazing trumpeter who also breaks into tap dancing!  Sometimes it does feel like you're at a wedding but it's enjoyable.  The food is ok, the Sonoran chips are make your own nachos which I love (but my husband doesn't).  It's a great relaxing place to have a few drinks and soak up the company you're with.
4	Husband and I stayed here one night during the Christmas holidays, had "Hyatt Points" and was able to get our room free.   Our room was nice, not too fancy but clean and quiet.  We decided to have dinner out on the patio of the Southwest Bistro restaurant on the premises.. Even tho it was a chilly Arizona night we opted to sit outdoor under their heat lamps and fire pit..so nice... We enjoyed cocktails & some tapas plates.  We were the only ones sitting outdoors but our server was right there whenever we needed her..never felt ignored.  They have so many pools on that property, so beautiful but unfortunately too chilly to swim so we just used the whirlpool.  I definitely will go back there..it's in the heart of Scottsdale with all the great shopping centers..
5	I only spent one night but loved it. The highlight was the SWB southwest bistro. Four of us had an excellent meal in front of a fireplace. My hotel room was large and clean. It was too cold for the pool area, but it looked fantastic.
5	Only been to the bar, and it was glorious!This is a very nice place to have a cocktail and chat awhile... a live band plays on the weekends, and the patio/grounds are beautiful.The extra-dirty martini here is amazing (with extra olives too).Thumbs up!
5	Here's your plan:1. Park in the lot, valet is easy to drop off, but such a pain to pick up.2. Order a Petron Marg from the bar, it'll be $15 but look around, enjoy.3. Take those few sips so you don't spill.4. Walk the grounds, if the fence is closed, no matter, just pop it open, you won't be the only explorer in the late hours of the evening.5. Wander around the pools, enjoy, sip your drink, enjoy your company.6. Post wander, lurk around the couches that lead from the bar to the pool area until you pick one up.7. Order some more drinks.
4	The Hyatt at Gainey has received a Best Pool Award and I must say that I like it too.  There are several divided pools and thus many spots to set up shop, whether you want to worship the sun or stay cancer free in the shade.  This pool can accommodate both kids and adults, and some adults that act like kids.  My favorite thing about Gainey Ranch is that some sections of the pool are adults only with swim-up bars, but unfortunately it doesn't include the fake beach which is always so packed with kids it is almost impossible to enjoy.  That is my only problem with this pool, I have never been able to lounge on the fake beach because every square inch is covered with kids and crying babies.  The last time I went I felt like I was swimming in one giant diaper.  I will have to go more often to see if this is a regular occurrence, it may have just been the few unlucky times I've been there. All in all, great pool to crash.
5	Due to an unfortunate situation that left me without AC on one of the hottest days of 2008 (yesterday) I was forced to find a place to spend the night where I wouldn't wake up in drenched sheets.  Thanks to a low bid on Priceline that was somehow amazingly accepted, I ended up spending the evening at the lovely Hyatt Gainey Ranch - I'm not kidding, I bid $55 and they accepted!  I wasn't even trying to get into this hotel, just looking for a nice one, cheap - I'm frugal :)  Other people were paying upwards of $300 last night, and I got in for $69 after tax - AMAZING!I went thinking I could get lots of work done on my laptop, but when I ventured downstairs to view the grounds I fell in love and decided that I must try out their pinot grigio (on a side note, I think I should make a list of best pinot in the city because all of my reviews have to do with it).  The lobby bar is beautiful, open and airy and there were even ducks venturing in to say hello.  The staff was very polite and helpful.  A friend decided to meet me there for dinner, so while I ventured outside for a cigarette (I know, I know) I examined the pool area (beautiful) and even found a lovely terrace area with string lights above it overlooking the lake - I am in love!  I think that I must get married here.  Now, for the pesky problem of the engagement ring...just a formality, at least I know where the nuptials will take place...but I digress.There are so many lovely seating areas and the only thing that made me sad was that I could not be there to take advantage of the lovely pool area during the day.  There were some renovations going on, but it did not affect my stay in the least and I didn't hear a thing.  The only thing I found a bit weird was that I had a corner room so my balcony was connected to my neighbors, separated only by wood lattice-work that didn't have any vines on it and was so high that I could have ducked and walked below it.  Good thing my neighbors weren't crazy psycho killers.  However, it did make the idea of sitting on my balcony, eating my lox bagel and drinking my coffee this morning a little less appealing because I would have had to stare at, and share the space with my neighbor...kinda awkward.
4	Beautiful hotel right across the street from mine last week.  Kinda put ours to shame but I'm sure it was way pricier than my 79 bang for the buck hotel suite.  Came here for drinks and was pleasantly surprised by the live band playing sexual healing in slow mo...  had a 7 dollar hotel beer outside in the warmth of arizona with new friends.  not a bad night at all...
4	The Hyatt had a lot going for it: beautiful and huge outdoor patio, live band midweek, well designed interior, cacti in front of the lobby and friendly faces from all over the country (all congregating for some tunes and some drinks). The bar was on the small side, but waitresses came around outside taking orders so it didn't really effect the patrons. You could tell people were there for work and depending on the lanyard they were wearing you could tell where they were from. This was a great place to grab a drink, but I am guessing quite a bit more expensive than the hotel I stayed at a five minute walk down the road.
5	So the resort is great, can't say anything bad about it.   Sure, the Gondola ride is kinda cheesy I admit, but come on, it's pretty unique for the feakin desert.  Live music is usually pretty good grown up flamenco stuff, hey what ever happened to ESTEBAN?   Wanna go out for a drink, but not to a bar, or a club, or a dive, why not try a resort sometime. What, this is Arizona ya know.
5	I had a pretend vacation nite here last weekend and loved it! Our room was newly renovated and overlooked the pool. The bed is super comfy, flat screen tv and the bathroom huge with a great shower.The pool scene was great for people watching. We hung at the adult only section which was a huge plus. Pool was pretty busy and reminded me of spring break. Lots of locals for sure. I wanted a no-kid day and got it! Drinks were strong and service was available at the pool until about 6pm. Every staff member was helpful and friendly. The grounds well kept and easy to navigate around. I will be back for another stay before summer ends!
5	We stayed for a weekend recently and had a fantastic trip.  The room was beautiful and the bed was seriously the most comfortable I have slept on in my entire life.  We enjoyed having a drink in the lobby bar with live music playing in the background.  We shared a cheese plate appetizer and was NOT impressed.  It was like 3 small slices of cheese for $15 and it wasn't even that great of cheese.  Skip that and stick with a drink.  We thought the conference rooms were nice.  The room service was outstanding.  The caprese salad was AWSOME.  I am still thinking about it.  For breakfast room service brought us the wrong omelet (a ham one instead of a mushroom one) we were promptly brought the correct omelet and ate both for free! :)  We loved laying by the pool in the little beds and having lunch and drinks brought to us poolside.I recommend this hotel for ANYONE.
4	This is a truly fantastic place to have drinks. The outdoor patio off the lobby has an atmosphere that's great for a group or a romantic date. I love going when it's chilly and getting warmed up by the fire pits and heated lamps. They often have live music and I LOVED the Gondola ride. The gondolier sings you a song and it is very cute...and certainly a different way to spend an evening. (Of course I was cracking up the whole time but it WAS fun)
5	Looking for an after dinner drink and a bit of relaxation try the Hyatt Regency at Gainey Ranch.The music of Mosaico, playing flamenco guitar (using fingers to pic rather than a traditional plastic pic created a great sound) along with flute and flamenco dancers set a setting all too perfect under a star filled sky. The views of the mountains in the background weren't bad to look at either.
5	To step into a world of fantasy is the Hyatt. I felt like the world was opening up to me with every step I took. The fountains were romantic and the music filled our hearts. I can only say that this is a truly romantic getaway if just for one night. Hand in hand, hearts beating, the air filled with sweet beats to stir the heat deep within. When I'm there, I'm lost. Your stare finds me in a state of mind where I can't move. You walk towards me and I am motionless. My heart races towards a finish line where no one else stands but you. I am captivated; mesmerized by your eyes. When I see your face I think out loud but my thoughts are never heard. My lips move but there are no sounds. It's as if I'm standing still and you walk towards me in slow motion. I take your hand and hold you close to me as we walk side by side. Your hand is warm and soft. Our palms memorize the lines etched in our skin. They tell us where we've been and where we're going. It's like a vacation every time I see you. I'm taken away, transported to another place, another time. I wipe your hair from your face and lean over to kiss you. As we walk in motion our bodies rub up against one another, my arm slips around your waist and I pull you into me as your head falls to my chest. A bright, warm, smile emerges from your face, but nothing is said.  As night falls, the diffusion of light turned the once bright sky into a cloak of dark grays and blues. As I gaze up to the stars, they speak to me. I can hear their voices pierce the blanket of calmness.  Pinhole streams of light dot the sky as if a giant blueprint were spread across the heavens for the world to see.11:11  11/11
3	Very nice hotel, helpful staff.  Menu's could use updating and the room service is just ok.
4	Love it love it love it!!!! My husband and I spend a weekend here during the summer when it's nice and affordable! Great relaxing lovely place. And good people-watching at the pool from basically like 11am-5pm!!!
5	spent 3 days at this great resort.  although i was here for buisness i felt like i was on a mini vacation while on the grounds.Set amidst flowering cactus, breathtaking sunsets and framed against the majestic McDowell Mountains, Hyatt Regency Scottsdale Resort and Spa features a 2 1/2-acre "water playground", 27 holes of championship golf, world-class tennis, Spa, the Native American Learning and Environmental Center, an international art collection and four distinctively different restaurants. andmore .  not cheap but worth every penny
4	Stayed here in March 2009.  We booked it on priceline for $70.  The hotel rooms were nice and new, the showers were awesome, and the waterpark in the back was a lot of fun.  If you're over 100 pounds, you'll FLY down the waterslide.
4	love the cozy fireplaces in winter, uncrowded/classy bar, flaminco dancers, waterslide, beach pool, lots of jacuzzi's, friendly staff, relaxing couches
5	I was here for a work conference but it was a vacation for me.  The place is amazing.  It has really clean and nice rooms, the view is amazing.  Everything is very open and the place has everything you need.  You don't really need to leave this place.  I was hesitant about the restaurants located inside the hotel but the Sushi restaurant near the lobby is really good and not that expensive and the SWB bistro is also pretty good.  The swimming pools are nice, the water slides are fun, the tennis courts are nice, the fitness center, golf course are all really nice.  I would highly recommend coming to this place.
2	Warning: This rating is for SWB (southwestern bistro) on the Hyatt Regency property only. It doesn't reflect the quality of the rooms or the setting.My day job includes managing a few corporate events. In that role, I get to research resorts/hotels to figure out where to have the next series of parties. The Hyatt Regency @ Gainey was on my list for an event this summer. My appt was ~1pm so I asked a friend to meet me there for lunch. Why not take advantage of the setting and get a preview of what could be the guest experience? We both ordered salads - me the Southwestern Caesar with Grilled Chicken ($15.50) and she the Cobb ($16). As they were served, I thought mine looked a little bland, but assumed all the good stuff was buried under the pile of iceburg and chicken breast cut into three pieces. No. It tasted as bad as it looked. The chicken had no flavor, the garlic chipotle chili dressing was excruciatingly mild and all that iceburg just annoyed me.I asked my friend how hers was...she said it wasn't any better than a bag of salad you pick up in the grocery store. And those are what, $5? Ugh.We mentioned it to the server, but she just offered to refill our water glasses and brought the check. As we left, the hostess asked us how we enjoyed lunch. When we said it was just ok, that smart lady inquired as to why. Hopefully she passed our feedback on to the chef.Next I met with the conf sales mgr. The sleeping rooms look great...recently renovated. The event space is smart and the property was all that I love about relaxed luxury. What kept nagging me was that a big part of guest satisfaction revolves around the food. So, we're going another spa and resort where I know the food is spectacular.
4	Just got back from a four night stay at the Hyatt Regency Scottsdale.  Lucky for us,  we found a great deal on expedia and were able to stay there and splurge some!The standard king room is nothing fancy but it spacious with a 32 inch flat screen TV.  The 3 piece bathroom is recently updated with modern fixtures including a rain shower head.The grounds are beautifully kept with nice southwestern landscaping throughout.  The pools are nice but expected more from the poolside staff.  Cocktail servers are hard to come by while laying out at the pool and maybe they don't really exist. Pools are open late which is great because it is still hot late into the night.Spa Avania itself is amazing.  I read somewhere that it's rated the best spa in Arizona and it definitely lived up to it!  It's been recently remodeled and has all the amenities needed for a relaxing spa experience.  My boyfriend and I both agreed our messages could have been better but were both really satisfied with the entire experience.Having stayed at other Hyatt hotels, I would rate this hotels restaurants and bars between 3 and 4 stars.  Really nothing too impressive but relatively affordable compared to the surrounding area.
5	W-O-N-D-E-R-F-U-L!  Just returned from a girls vacation and while I am happy to be home, I will certainly miss the four days at this wonderful resort.  The resort is lovely with beautifully manicured landscape of cactus and palms.  The pools were gorgeous and clean.  The lake that meanders through the property really gives you a feeling that you are in an oasis.  We upgraded to the Regency Club and received access to the club and Avania Spa daily.  We had unlimited water and soft drinks throughout our stay as well as continental breakfast, snacks, hors d'oeuvres and sweets.  The Spa is fantastic!  The mineral pool at the pool was devine.  The service at the entire resort impeccable.  I highly recommend this wonderful resort.  We did not go during a very desirable time but we found it to be really relaxing even though it was a little toasty.  For the price we paid it certainly was a great deal.
5	Perfect place for a staycation...To be fair, I chose Hyatt Gainey as my top choice for my bachelorette weekend primarily because of their spa (see my review for Spa Avania).  While I'd been to Hyatt Gainey years ago (before their renovation), I had never really spent time at this hotel, nor had I stayed there before.  So, needless to say, I was in for a treat.  And so were my friends that came to spend the weekend with me!The service at Hyatt Gainey was top notch from the bell men to the reception, the barista at the coffee stand, the servers in the restaurant  and at the pool, and of course at the spa.  The room we stayed in was spacious and perfect for our group.  We had four girls on Friday and planned for five on Saturday... I  know you're thinking that there's no way that many girls could share one bathroom and you're right - we used the spa to shower and get ready instead of the room!With all of our festivities, we ended up not being able to see the live music that everyone raves about, nor did we get a gondola ride.  More reason to return for another staycation, spa day, or just a visit for drinks sometime soon!
4	I just went to Arizona and damn it was hot but what was amazing was the 3 story waterslide. I went so fast my top almost came off, the life guard on Ethan was so fun he was splashing us with buckets of water and getting little kids with a water gun. He made our day thanks Ethan. The girls at the bar were awesome too and so nice and they had great Prime Rib Sliders with spicy coleslaw we kept going back. oh and the bar gives trail mix sooo good
5	Fabulous customer service!  My BFF and I spent the weekend there to celebrate our bdays and the must have overheard us talking about it because they sent wine to our room that same night!  And... talk about the spa!  Spa Avania was the most peaceful and serene place to spend the weekend!  Even if you are not getting a service, it's only $20 to just hang out and use the steam/sauna...  Total deal!  We had the best time there!  Awesome architecture and amazing pools!  Worth every penny!
5	Love this place - from the service to the amenities, it is awesome.  We've stayed there twice now.  The rooms are big, beds are super comfortable and the price is reasonable (go on hotwire and ask for 4-1/2 stars in Scottsdale).  There are only two 4-1/;2 star hotels, this one and the intercontinental (which is also nice).  They have a great live band on the weekends - we even bought their CDs.  The bar extends to their patio w/lots of greenery, etc.  The pools look fantastic and so did the golf course, although we didn't get time to play this time.
5	How is it possible for me to have not only stayed here, but visited no less than 20 times, and not have written about it? Luv the lobby bar & live entertainment, Spanish Guitar & Flamenco Dancing.  Our many out-of-town-guests thouroughly enjoy this.The grounds are just stunning as you walk in from the lobby, down the stairs and out through the glass doors to the beautiful views.1 of the most romatic things to do is the super unique gondola rides they have in the evening.  It always stuns a couple we bring here!  We surprise them by ending the evening with escorting them to the docks, and leaving them to fininsh their night off after thier private ride on the moon-lit lake.  (Complete with the gondolier singing professional Opera!)Now, how cool is that?!
4	I stayed here for Christmas and this place put on, HANDS DOWN, the most beautiful, amazing, fantastic, spectacular, dreamlike spectacle of a holiday meal. This was unlike anything I had ever seen before, it was incredible!!! It was basically a mile long all you can eat buffet. ALL the food was TOP NOTCH and they variety was endless. There were so many tasty things I wanted to eat.. but my stomach just isn't big enough :(The room was beautiful. They have GREAT POOLS.Only 4/5 stars because, for guests staying at this hotel there is a daily spa use fee. My family and I have stayed at other Hyatt spas and the steam room, hot tubs, showers, and other spa amenities were included in our stay. I have grown accustomed to this and was outraged and upset to discover the charge.
4	This is a good resort if you're older than 30 and have a family. It's located along what looked like a "resort strip" in Scottsdale. There isn't much else around except surburbia, so it's pretty boring for a single person. The good: gorgeous pools, open lounge area, service, nice rooms, free parking. Bad: Don't get a room on the first floor or you'll hear all the noise from the lobby bar/restaurant and smell incense and whatever food they're cooking out there. First night I smelled incense (wedding parties) and the 2nd day it smelled like tuna fish sandwich. Just weird.Also, they don't have enough lighting in the parking lot at night.
4	First let me say, we ended up here after leaving another resort that did not meet our expectations. One step inside the front doors of this place and you know it's going to be a wonderful stay. All I have to say is you get what you pay for. Resort has absolutely stunning grounds and 10 pools! How can you not love that. Very nice Adult only pool with bar and grotto. The other pools with kids were still very nice and I found all of the kids to be well behaved. There were not tons of them as this is mostly an adult place anyway. Did I mention the grounds were stunning...we paid for a room with a garden view and it was worth it. I just loved sitting on our balcony taking in the view. Only weird part is that you share a balcony with the room next door which I did not like and proved to be a problem later on. Ate at SWB, food was good, prices were in line with resort fare I guess. Enjoyed the martinis at Cafe Due. Didn't have a chance to try Alto, though I hear it's out of this world. Live music was wonderful, I really enjoyed the Falmenco on Saturday night. Staff was always very polite, although poolside service is incredibly slow and the drinks are not that strong. For $9 solo cup pina colada I'd like a little rum please....I'm just saying. Back to the balcony issue. Our neighbors decide to have a large get together with their patio door open....this meant I could hear everything...I'd had fantasies about smothering the loud cackling woman who was keeping me awake with a pillow. By 1:15 am I had had enough and had to call the front desk. They said they had a "no tolerance" policy and would send security up. 30 minutes later no relief and no security in sight...I think I just finally passed out. The only other downside were the beds. Very uncomfortable and had a spring in my back all night. For the life of me I don't understand why hotels have to be this way. You pay a high price, you offer 5-star dining, you have the word "resort" in your name..lets find a way to put in comfortable matresses....mkay? Would have given them 5-stars if not for the issues listed above.
5	I can't believe I'm just getting around to reviewing this place.  It is amazing.  My wife and I stayed here in 2009 when we were in town for the marathon.  The room was great...wonderful products in the bathrooms.  The pool is awesome!This is the ONLY place we'll ever stay in Phoenix.
1	Big letdown. This has to be the worst service I have ever seen at Hyatt. Pool was littered with empty cups and smelled like beer. The staff would not clean up and not come around and ask if you are OK. The SWB was the worst restaurant experience I have had in years. Will not be back here again.
4	Great service.  Aside from the rude valet when I first got there, everyone else I came across was extremely courteous, helpful and chatty.  A smile goes a long way in making people feel more like guests and less like customers.  Average rooms.  Not that I expected to wipe my ass with silk and sleep on clouds, but it was well decorated, comfortable and clean.Now if only they would make it cheaper to stay there more often...
5	I am just returning from my third stay at this excellent Hyatt property.  All three of my stays have been with two of my old fashionista girlfriends--we look forward to the drive up to Scottsdale every 6 months.  I am a Platinum Gold Passport member--all of my stays have been free nights with Hyatt's reward program--and the best part is that we've never been treated like we are staying there for free.  The staff at this hotel is superb.  They are impeccably professional.  Highlights of our last visit (8/20/10):*complimentary margarita at check-in*upgraded room with a great view of the lagoon complete with lily pads and ducks paddling around*breakfast is always divine and a great splurge*no extra charge for a roll-away bedRegarding the upgraded room, at check-in Rosemarie told us we'd have a great view of the lagoon, but when we reached the room all we saw was a tennis court.  I immediately called down and she sent up new keys as she had sent us to the wrong room.  I travel every other 7 days--so I see a lot of hotels. This is in my top 5 of hotels EVER.  The staff is excellent, attentive without fawning. The food is delicious, well worth the prices you pay at a resort. The pool and grounds are beautiful and relaxing.  The rooms are clean, modern, comfortable; the amenities are perfect.  There are even small refrigerators in each room. The housekeeping staff are kind, attentive, and thorough.  The hotel offers several activities for people visiting Arizona, including a Friday evening performance by local Native Americans.  A young 14 year-old boy performed the Hoop Dance; his performance was evocative and stunning.  I've lived in Arizona for 12 years and never seen anything like it.  Another gentleman performed a traditional Tohono song and it was both eery and enchanting.  You should definitely check that performance out.  Prior to the Native American performances, a wildlife curator shows off no less than a plethora of desert animals to include a LIVE alligator, a komodo dragon, a gila monster, a desert tortoise and too many snakes for one person to even concentrate on.  I've seen a lot of creepy-crawly things in hotel bars, but this was a group of reptiles I actually appreciated.   This hotel is not only a great place to stay it is also a great experience.
4	The few times I stayed it was pretty nice.  However, the last few times there was a lot of remodeling, so it might be a lot better.
5	Welcome to Hawaii in the desert. I have a slight obsession with the Hyatt Regency at Gainey. Whenever I'm asked for a resort suggestion, Hyatt is in my top three. Why, you ask? Because the minute I step through the doors, I've left Arizona and traveled to a tropical oasis. Every time I stay at the Hyatt, it's an experience and not just a place to rest my sleepy eyes. The grounds have everything from spacious seating areas, large and beautiful palm trees, a cocktail lounge that serves tasty drinks and a huge grassy courtyard in the middle of the hotel with plenty of water fountains all around. It's the perfect setting to enjoy some cocktails or food on a nice night. If I close my eyes, I catch a whiff of the floral scents, listen to the running water and feel the breeze. The pool alone deserves five stars. I believe I should actually say "pools." I think the Hyatt has one of the best pools in all of Phoenix. Ten pools, a sand beach, water slide, water "temples," private smaller pools and even a lake where guests can take a gondola ride. With the water activities alone, staying at the Hyatt is the perfect experience. In addition to the enormous water options, the Hyatt also has a top of the line spa and golf. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and nestled within the hotel so that when you look outside you see seasoned trees and greenery. I love the food at the Hyatt. They have one of the best Chicken Cesar salads I've had. I think it has something to do with the dressing. The service is by far excellent. The staff's attentive and friendly. With plenty of places to sit and relax, you can order a drink or some food and find plenty of places to enjoy it. I love hotels where I don't feel cramped like I'm sharing my experience with 100 other people and here, the grounds provide enough space so that I have the option to stay a bit more isolated and enjoy my stay. I could go on for several more paragraphs, but I think I've given yelpers enough of a sneak peak into why everyone should experience the Hyatt Regency. I try to make it my destination stay-cation at least once a summer and visit for cocktails and live music in between.
5	My boyfriend and I absolutely LOVED staying at the Hyatt! We are all about being in an upscale but relaxed/fun environment which the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch definitely is! Our number one favorite thing about the hotel: the pool area! It is huge with amenities for every kind of person: water basketball, water volleyball, slide or you can relax in wading pools, and literally, every day of our vacation during the Labor Day weekend, as packed as the pool was, we always got a lounge chair and could even find a corner of a pool to ourselves. The second best thing about the hotel is the size of the rooms! A regular room is HUGE and we had a wonderful view of the lake that surrounds the hotel. The third best thing about the hotel is their nightly live entertainment. I love that you don't even need to leave the hotel if you don't want to. One night they had a spanish band and the next night they had jazz, and the next they had a Native American hoop dancer. All of the staff at the resort were extremely friendly and helpful. This place is great for adults only or for families! We will definitely be staying here again on our next trip to Arizona.
5	love Arizona!!!! Although it was CRAZY hot the Hyatt was AMAZING!!!! We have taken several family vacations and this, by far, was one of the best!  I have three girls, ages 8, 6 and 3, and we had a blast.  First of all, every morning we woke up to the sound of the waterfalls at the poolside and the beautiful sunrises of Scottsdale.  We would walk down to the GEORGEOUS SWB Restaurant and have the most AMAZING breakfast.  The first few days, since it was the holiday weekend, they offered a buffet fit for a king!  The freshest fruit and breads and the BEST bacon, perfectly crisp every day!  Even an omelet station.  The rest of our stay we ordered from the menu and it was still so fresh and perfect!  The best part was the service.  We had a waitress named, Brenda, who was more like a friend then someone serving you.  She got to know us on the first day and we asked for her every day after!  We loved it!  The Pools are beautiful and clean and there is a 30 foot slide you can go down, SO FUN!!!   Also a beach area so the kids could play and stand! The girls went to Camp Hyatt every morning, had craft time, games and lunch.  By 1pm we were able to pick them up and have family time.  It was absolutely perfect and relaxing!  I loved it!!!!  I highly suggest Hyatt Regency Gainey Ranch in Scottsdale, AZ for your family vacation!
5	Stayed here over the 9/11 weekend for my Aunt's Birthday. This place is legit. I'm not very accustomed to high life living but this was fancy and i sure loved it. This is also my first Hotel, Resort, and Spa review.First things first, i will never forget the Spa. I'm talking about the cool place where you get a robe and go straight to a sauna. Spend 15 minutes there then enter the steam room. This room is HOT and it fill up with Eucalyptus steam and just is soo good for you. I lasted a bit but its HOT. Then its off to the ice pool to bring down your core, once done, you mosey over to the Mineral Pool, where they have special salts and minerals in the pool you lounge in. This is all within the Spa portion of this Resort. I loved it. I'm so going back when i can afford to spend hundreds of dollars again for a weekend.
3	Last weekend was the first time I ever stayed at the Hyatt Regency Resort in Scottsdale and I have to say that my experience was mediocre.  Upon arrival, the staff was very friendly and even offered my wife and I a complimentary prickly-pair margarita, which was beyond our expectations.The downside was the resort was nice, but not worth paying full price for the room we had. We were able to get a good last minute deal, but I would have complained if we didn't get a discount. My biggest complaint of all was house-keeping woke us up at 8 in the morning.  We didn't have our do not disturb sign out, but when you pay top dollar to stay at a nice resort, you shouldn't be woken up in the morning so they can clean your room.  She must have knocked on our door 3 or 4 times before I woke up and when she started to get her keys out I told her the room was occupied and to leave us alone.  After that, I could not go back to sleep, so that is why I only gave them 3 stars
5	We stayed here last month for a quick trip to Phoenix for the Oregon football game. Go Ducks!. Everyone at the hotel was beyond wonderful, starting with Victoria at the front desk.  We enjoyed the wonderful pools and there are quite a few so you can relax at the adult pool or have fun with the kids all at the same hotel.  The rooms were very comfortable and what you would expect at a hotel with this rating.  We can't wait to go back!
2	I wasn't to keen on this place as soon as we pulled up.  There was construction in the main court yard.  There was a smell of pesticide in the air, and it didn't go away for a long time.  As the night progressed we had a pleasant time.  When it came time to head back to our hotel room, the night started out ok, but by 2am I heard christmas music. I thought it was the neighbors room, but by 5am it was still blasting.   Woke up to find that the court yard below us had their speakers blasting.  So I called the hotels from desk and they within 5 minutes the music was off.Long story short, the hotel ended up taking care of our resort fee.  So financially we made out like bandits, but still I didn't get a good night sleep.
4	One of the best resorts.  Whether as a hotel guest, or just as a guest walking on the grounds.  Staff is kind, the drinks are pricey but delicious and they have the prettiest walking paths around.  There are plenty of private paths to take a romantic stroll, there are cacti and succulents to make life interesting, and there are gondaleers singing and willing to take you for a gondala ride.  If you are really adventurous you can karaoke in the karaoke grotto.
4	We had a wonderful four nights at Gainey Ranch. The rooms were beautifully appointed (although not enough drawer space), immaculate, and high quality bath products, bed linens and furniture. We had a 3rd floor garden view, which was very Zen with a natural pond and fountain, and access to their Regency Club (a must have). The spa was very nice and they carry high quality products. They also have so many options to hang by a pool, including a private spa mineral pool (sans children). We understand there is a great kids pool also. The food was delicious at their restaurant also.We did not experience any construction issues (as they may be finished), but we certainly benefited from all their efforts. It is beautifully appointed and plenty of spaces that feel private. It is not a convention-like hotel, but I have heard (from a corporate event planner) they do a wonderful job for large parties. Everyone from the valet, to registration, housekeeping and wait staff were more than accommodating and very friendly. Kudos to their general manager, who when we brought up the issue of not having enough drawer space, immediately remedied the situation. (I won't say how, as I don't want to turn it into a precedent. I'll just say, he went above and beyond.)I would return to Scottsdale just to visit the Hyatt. Happens to be a bonus we have wonderful family that we can visit too!
5	I went here for a business trip and never wanted to leave. It was clean, relaxing, beautiful. Everything I could ever ask for from a hotel.
5	This place blew me away. Stayed five days and enjoyed every minute. Fantastic pool, great restaurants, friendly staff. Just don't valet...27 bucks a day.
5	I have stayed at this Hyatt Regency many times when we lived elsewhere; now that we live here in the valley it has become a fun place to go for dinning (See: Alto Ristorante e Bar and SWB Southwest Bistro). The rooms are amazing, as are the guest services. Looking for spa day, then this is the place!  Looking for a beautiful sunset dinner outside by a fire pit, well come here.  If you are lucky to be a Diamond Club member, the Regency Club is one of the best in the world.  I would rank this Hyatt along with Brenner's Park in Baden Baden or the Carlton In London for the WOW factor. Outstanding!  Enjoy the sunsets and the Gondola ride after dinner!
5	In town for work, I booked my stay at this hotel without really knowing anything about it (other than it being a Hyatt, within my price range and within relatively close distance to my customer).  What a surprise as I pulled up - the grounds are GORGEOUS.  I felt like I was on vacation!!Palm trees in the driveway leading up to the hotel, live music in the lobby bar as I checked in.  I leaned over the balcony to see if there was a wedding or maybe a corporate event, but no!  It was just the lobby bar area with live musicians!  It was such a nice experience.The room itself with very clean, very comfortable.  I slept like I've never slept in a hotel bed before, like a baby!I had sushi in the sushi restaurant within the hotel (I'll be honest, I found some other higher-rated sushi places on Yelp that were relatively close and I was planning on stepping out for dinner), but the music and general atmosphere was so cool, I decided to hang out and try the place inside.  I'm glad I did, the service was great and the sushi was very fresh.When the sushi chef mentioned the 10 interconnecting pools AND a slide, I felt cheated.  I need to come back here, when I don't have to work!!Overall, everyone I spoke with was super friendly and I honestly look forward to coming back!  I totally echo one of the previous reviewers comment about coming back to Scottsdale just to stay at this hotel, it's definitely on the list of to-do's!
5	Stayed here during a visit for Giants spring training. What a beautiful resort with so many offerings! I would definitely stay here again. Everything you need in one place. Alto and SWB had delicious food. The pool was wonderful and of course, you must experience Spa Avania! The best spa I've been to in a long time.  Great service throughout the entire resort. I highly recommend!
5	I have been to Hyatt Gainey Ranch about four times over the last six years.  This is a testament to how awesome this hotel is, as I am known to lean towards trying new hotels. This hotel is like a little piece of paradise; the lobby is open to the outdoors allowing a gentle breeze to permeate the hotel air.  We stayed here last May while I was pregnant, and I have to say that I did not have to leave the property because everything is there.  There are multiple restaurants within the hotel, including a Southwest and an Italian restaurant.  The Southwest restaurant becomes a breakfast restaurant in the morning, with good food and very fresh fruit.  You are also just a short morning walk from Paradise bakery. If you eat at their Italian restaurant, you get a free ride on the gondola, maybe  w/an opera serenade (totally up my husband's alley!).   A few years ago, we stayed over the July 4th weekend and were delighted to find that they had on-sight fireworks for our enjoyment.  They also offer entertainment every day in the lobby.  The rooms are newly renovated but relatively plain, nice w/ balconies, but nothing spectacular.  The real gem is the hotel spa.  Under normal circumstances, I would NEVER go to a spa, but I am convinced that Avania is the most beautiful and calming spa in the world.  The staff are very eager to take care of you, the facilities are modern, and the pools are beautiful.  They even leave out little (healthy) cookies for your enjoyment.  My husband and I got a couples massage, with me receiving a mother-to-be.  The massages were great, but I couldn't wait to get back out to sit by the mineral pool (and I hate sitting by pools)!  Hyatt Gainey ranch is a great "resort" hotel in the middle of beautiful Scottsdale, AZ.    Go in the summer when it is MUCH cheaper.  We will be back soon.
4	Thus far, all I can review on is the lobby bar and pool! My date and I went there for a nightcap. The drinks were very strong and they had the more exclusive alcohols. Always a plus. The lobby was crowded with glamorous people, but also some laid back guests of the hotel. Nice to see that the service was great to all. The grounds are amazing. We sat in the gazebo beds and looked at stars and walked down to the fire pit by the pool and chatted with another couple. I will definitely be back to experience more!
5	Paid $150 for a Friday night beginning of April (government rate), the resort also charged an extra $20 for a resort fee. I imagine the normal nightly rate is very expensive based on how beautiful the resort is. It is huge with a gigantic, beautifully laid out family pool with a hot tub in the middle and a smaller adult only pool. Our room had a small balcony which looked out over the beautiful hotel entrance. Only complaint is how expensive the drinks are, $10-11 each.
5	I Love this place, from the sushi to the soft robes.  Best Resort in AZ.......no in America.  Escpecially when you get lucky and hit it through Hotwire:)
5	awesome pool, great staff, pristine grounds.  I love this place.  One of the top hotels in scottsdale, fo sho
3	Saw 2 guests get in a fight, it scared my children.  When I checked out I let them know I was not satisfied.  They told me a manager would call, they never did.  It was so crowded it was crazy, no chairs, no towels (that's what caused the fight).  I would never stay there again.  It's not worth the price.
4	I have always loved this place for red wine on the patio while listening to the live flamenco band during the fall. But I had their fancy brunch this past weekend and LOVED it as well! Unlike the other overpriced brunches in Scottsdale resorts, this one had attentive service and a good selection of lovely food. Skip the Phoenician, The Royal Palms, and the rest if you're willing to drop the coin and come here instead.
5	Great Spring get-away for my wife and me. Expensive, but fun place.
5	This place is wonderful, but the main reason that I am giving it 5 stars is because of the Native American exhibit and dancing performance. The dancing and drumming that they do on Friday is well worth making your way down to the beautiful courtyard. Don't miss this if you are staying here, it was a moving experience. When they started playing the drums and dancing, it brought tears to my eyes. The exhibit of artifacts in the hotel lobby is awesome too. We went while the man from the Hopi tribe was there, and he was so informative and a joy to spend time with. We had the Regency Club as part of our room rate and this was a bit of a disappointment. While it was a beautiful setting, the food and drink left a bit to be desired. They had toys to check out at the front desk for children and that was a big hit with my 3 year old. I thought this was a great idea. The sand beach was great for the little ones too because they could just wade in the pool without having to be held by an adult. My one complaint is that the restaurant in the hotel offered really crummy kids food. They had Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup and Kraft Macaroni and cheese on the kid's menu. I would not feed either one of those to my dog let alone my kid. Doesn't a hotel of this size have the capacity to make a pot of chicken noodle soup?
5	I have never stayed here, but when I lived in Scottsdale, I spent a lot of Saturday nights here.  Talk about tranquil, beautiful, relaxing........I've had drinks, I've sung karaoke, I've listened to some great music, I've taken gondola rides and been serenaded only in Italian by the gondolier's operatically trained voices, I've eaten dinner at their wonderful restaurant.  I've sat outdoors with the paradise-like vegetation, I've walked by their sandy beach area and the wading pool.  I just love this place.  Maybe someday I'll even stay here.
5	Can you say FABU?  From the moment I pulled up to the valet to check in for 10 long days of work....the staff was fantastic!  The views on the property are simply breathtaking.  The lobby is the main focal point which connects everything within the hotel.  You have never seen a pool like this.  First off, it's a 2.5 acre water playground...I am dead serious....There is the grotto for adults only but there also plenty of room for family fun..water volleyball or basketball or the waterslide!  You can also enjoy live music nightly or even a Gondola ride!!!  The italian restaurant Alto on property is quite good I enjoyed a chicken dish in a red wine reduction and they have a lovely wine list as well.  For those looking for 18 holes the course is fantastic.  The gym was nice a little limited but decent.  The spa is fantastic!!!  I enjoyed a massage  and if you want to relax this is where you should go!  Need suggestions the concierge won't steer you wrong!
5	LOVE IT! I found this place on Hautelook about a month ago and booked it after seeing all the amazing photos on their website. I surprised my bf and took him here for his bday and he was totally blown away by how awesome the resort is. We had the opportunity to eat at SWB. The food was great. In regards to their pool, its pretty awesome. They're all so spacious and plentiful. It was never crowded and it really felt like we were on a secret vacation. The rooms were pretty big and even had a fridge for all your goodies. Because of my experience at this hotel, i would def return to Scottsdale.
5	This the best place to take a date on a Friday night!!! My gentleman friend and I had such a romantic evening here last night.  The grounds are always impeccable and the live entertainment, which is a Spanish jazz and salsa dancers, is wonderful!
3	Great hotel with good food, awesome pool, and tones of activities for kids... My negativity is that I didn't sleep well. The beds were like sleeping on bricks!
5	We decided to stop off at a much nicer place after being on the road forever and saw that this place was doing pretty good. The valet greeted us at the door, offered to take the car, even warned me that if I left my car in the garage past 9 PM it was going to cost me $27, but if I self parked I could save the money. Later, the same guy took time out to run out to my car to grab a pair of dress shoes I had forgotten to bring in. The check in was outstanding, the young lady at the counter was polite, professional, and super accommodating. The room was roomy, had a patio near the pond, clean, and the bathroom had a huge walk in shower.. We spent the day at the adult only pool which has a walk up bar..great drinks and the day bar tab was only about $70..other than some folks wearing suits that they have no business in it was great. There was a huge pool area with water falls, slide, and beach for the kids..they were happy and entertained enough to leave us alone. Overall, the food, service, price, and accommodations are the best I have experienced at any place I have stayed..and I have stayed at alot of places. It is a great get away spot for couples..
5	I live nearby, but this is pretty much my favorite place to be in Scottsdale. The entertainment, the food, the drinks, the atmosphere and the scenery combine to bring you a great place to chill, have fun, people watch and escape from the AZ heat. It looks especially amazing after dark.You can see scantily clad Flamenco dancers, listen to some Gypsy music from Basque country, have a big plate of ceviche for $12, drink a mojito, lie down in a comfortable cabana by the water, and slide down a waterslide into a plunge pool. You can also dine on sushi, southwest or Italian cuisine and take a gondola ride while being serenaded by an opera-singing gondolier. The summer rates here are nearly half-off the prices you'd pay from mid-September on, so that value can't be beat. Not a better place to have your out of town guests stay with their families- there are more pools here than you'd find at any other nearby resort, and there are activities for all ages. The sandy beach is great for toddlers.Free parking on site and even if you're not a guest, you'll be treated like family, but unfortunately, you can't swim in the pools if you don't have a room key.
5	Upgrades!Since my stay last year, this place has actually IMPROVED!  When I travel for business, I really don't expect much.  Just a bed and reliable internet service.  The beds this time around were really comfy with no soft spots or indentations.  That alone deserves 5 stars!  But I'm not stopping there.  The internet, while included in the basic "Resort Fee," can be upgraded.  Yes, they have the free "economy" internet access.  But for about $30 more (don't quote me on that) you get the "business" package that includes priority  data transmission and higher speeds.  Now that's what I'm talkin bout people!  Don't tell me I get "high-speed" access if you're going to cap me at dial up speeds.  I'm willing to pay to play, especially when I'm here to work.  THANK YOU!Also a big shout out to the staff.  The service was impeccable - no bumps whatsoever.  Even when I stumbled to the front entrance trying to find the handles to open the doors, the valet was pleasant and redirected me to the automatic ones on the side (whatever happened to old school manual labor?).  Bless you dear sir, now only if they offered to wheel me to my room...perhaps they need to offer that service.Perhaps the only thing that I regret is not taking the chance to upgrade my room.  I had a beautiful view of the solar panels.  But hey, that's my fault.  The other upgrades to the property and services more than compensated for my non-decision.
4	Very relaxing. Hallways are dirty. Awesome pools
3	Pool is in major need of renovation! Bugs everywhere in pool too. Very filthy.
5	I did a stay-cation over labor day here and absolutely loved it. Fairly priced (when I went) and such a great facility. I enjoyed the pools (water slides, adult area, volleyball, and beach) as well as the gondola rides with an gondolier singing to us on the back. Every aspect was wonderful.The rooms were awesome. They actually inspired me with a few ideas that I may bring into my own home someday. The staff knows when to give your privacy and when to help you out - they are very friendly.
5	I may be biased since I got married at this resort about a month ago, but this might be one of my favorite places...I would live there if I could.  I was there for two weeks for my wedding and I already want to go back.  The resort is unbelievable...it has everything you could possible need... including an AMAZING water playground (where you will spend most of your time), delicious restaurants, a 24 hour a coffee shop, beautiful rooms, and great service.  I'm not sure if all Hyatt's require that the staff go out of their way and bend over backwards to make sure  you enjoy your stay, but at the Hyatt Gainey Ranch, that is exactly what they do.  I know there are a lot of resorts in Scottsdale, but this one is a must!  And, if you can get a casita, do it!  By the end of our stay I think all the staff from the bellmen to the bartenders knew our names and our drinks of choice!  Everything about this place is perfect...so check it out...you'll probably see me there!
4	I was a guest of one of the VIPs during the recent Center Stage event, showcasing 4 bands and a selected dinner/drink menu. Our seats were directly stage right and we had a great view of the bands that performed throughout the night - all were very very talented and entertaining.  I hear they play through the week so I will defiantly return based on the band selection alone. The pre selected menu was quite impressive. Our starter was the antipasti which was loaded with a selection of cheese, olives, fig chutney, apricot puree, grilled asparagus, and a mini mound of prosciutto and capicolla - severed with perfectly crisp bread. Seriously a meal on its own.  Our next item was the spicy tuna roll. We had a repeat order on this item or I should admit, I had a repeat order.  I ate most of our shared order and the additional round. I love Sushi and this was pretty good sushi. I hear the newly installed sushi bar is quite the hit. I'll be back for that, too.  My drink selection for the evening was the prickly pear margarita. I indulged just a tad, if you can call 8 rounds a tad. Yup they were that good. We enjoyed a stroll throughout the property post entertainment, dinner and drinks and I was impressed with the layout of the property and the many resort/spa options. Hey lookey there, A Gondola Ride!!!!! Gotta try that when the weather cools down for sure.Getting that guided tour sure made me feel like an A-lister or it could have been all the margaritas. As such, my plans on my next staycation are in the works.
4	The place is beautiful, very green, very 'jungle oasis' in the middle of sun-scorched Phoenix-Scottsdale area. The food at the restaurants was very descent, same about the drinks. With the spa, and pools, and restaurants, and Scottsdale shopping, by the time I had a closer look at the room and notice that it was small and had the much hated shower-bath combo, It really did not matter. The bed was soft, the linens fresh, and in the morning the view from my balcony was lovely. I had my breakfast and went back to the spa and stayed there till the check out time.
5	I stayed here while in Arizona on business, and this place is awesome. I could not be happier with my stay.From check in to check out, I had no issues. The staff is very friendly, helpful, and accommodating.I had a chance to eat breakfast at the hotel one of the days I was there, and the food was delicious. I had a breakfast burrito and really enjoyed it. Warning: the coffee is strong - just the way I like it!The grounds themselves are beautiful, especially the pools. Yes, I say pools because the pool is actually made up of a bunch of smaller pools that seem to flow all around the grounds of the hotel. There's a water slide, kid's "beach" area, a hot tub, and an adult only pool. Unfortunately, I didn't have much time to spend there, but I snuck out to the pool every chance that I had. An added bonus: the pool doesn't close until 11pm, so I was able to go after getting back from work meetings, and was able to enjoy the sounds of live music while there.The room itself was great. I had a large king bed, a great balcony with a view, and the bathroom was gorgeous. The rain shower hear is making me seriously want to upgrade mine at home.Everything was perfect, and I was very pleased with my stay. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
4	This is a gorgeous resort set in the heart of Scottsdale.  I've been here many times for dinner and live music in the lobby.This last visit was for a friend's wedding.  The setting by the lake was perfect.  Reception dinner was yummy steak and chilean sea bass.Afterwards, several of us went up to another friend's room for a little after party.  The room was large, clean and stylishly decorated.This resort has it all!
1	Nice looking place, but my last stay was an abomination. They up sold me a suite, when all I wanted was a regular room. They said there were not available. I later found out that they lied. The front desk was rude.I had to wait 3 hours to check in. The waits for the restaurant were long and the pool bar was empty because the bartenders were ignorant and betting on football games.
3	Overall for the price I paid this place was acceptable. However, the first night I was here a couple let their dog play in the hot tub. I guess that is okay if you don't mind sitting in a lukewarm dog bath. The second night we went to the Italian restaurant for our much anticipated Italian meal and gondola ride. Ashley the hostess was very rude and treated us like an imposition. Tim at the front desk did turn the night around and provided us with a complementary ride for an evening out. So in summary Tim is awesome, and the hotel is okay.
5	Awesome pool.
4	My husband and I recently stayed the first week of November.  when i called to make the reservation i specifically asked if there were many conventions and they said no.  The hotel had many conventions and few leisure travelers.  The gym was overcrowded at 7:00am and very small for the amount of users. The bathroom in the gym was very dirty and disgusting.  I had to tell someone to clean it.  The Spa on the otherhand was very clean and I had a nice stone massage.  The restaurant is very nice and the help friendly and accommodating.  But the hotel is very commercial for business guests and does not offer personal service.  I would try another 5 star resort the next time.
5	one of the best hyatt in phoenix.the nice thing about this place is that the pool is all in one area, so you don't have to run around to look for someone.yea, its not as great as other resort (hilton has a nicer pool area)but if you can get a suite, its not a bad spot for a weekend vacation.the regency club is nice. have a great selection of snack (breakfast, and deserts)
5	OMG!  I have to say this is hands down the best resort I've ever stayed!!!  I felt very relaxed when I left.  10+different pools, volleyball in the pools, the spa was very relaxing, the resort was very scenic and gorgeous, the staff was friendly, nightly entertainment was alot of fun, work out facilities was clean, the had bike rentals, golf course, meals was excellent... must I go on??  We stayed here twice and a great experience EVERY time!!!
3	I'm sure this is a lovely Spa and Resort; sadly I was here for a conference.  Being the good worker I am, I did not see the pools, spas, or golf course.  I saw the conference rooms, my hotel room, and the restaurants.  I have to say the hotel rooms were nice, very large, each with a little patio.  The restaurants ands bar are all super expensive and not worth the price - but if you are sans-car you are trapped.  The saving grace here is the little 'coffee shop' by the entrance.  There they have very tasty sandwiches and beverages for a decent price - grab some eats there and go sit outside or on your patio.  You'll feel trapped on the complex...18 bucks will get a town car to take you to Old Town.  To get back to the hotel, go into a restaurant and ask them to call a cab for you...its hard pressed to find cabs on the street (least it was in the afternoon where I went into town).
5	This is the best hotel I've stayed!!!I usually do not review hotels, but I just had to!!We stayed in a room with lagoon view. At night they puddle boat while singing song as if you are in venetia. It's super romantic. In the morning you can see ducks swimming in the lagoon.Their pool area is HUGE. I cannnot remember how many pool they have, but they've got water falls, several pools right next to lagoon and golf course.It's dreamlike....Their courtyard is pretty.Their service also get 5 stars. Super friendly and nice people.I am even considering having wedding here, since it's such a perfect hotel.
5	This review is for locals...the Hyatt isn't just a beautiful spot to stay it, it's also a perfect spot to just sit and enjoy the day! I've done this several times, many times for dinner and drinks afterward on the patio. Most recently, I decided to set up shop and do some work from one of the comfy chairs on the outdoor patio which allowed me to enjoy the gorgeous Arizona weather and still get some work done. They do an excellent job of making the hotel amenities comfortable and welcoming. For hotel guests, if you are planning to stay here, be sure to look into staying in one of the rooms that sit on the man made lake. They have great patios right on the water so when you wake up, you could have breakfast on the lake! It doesn't get much better than that.
5	"In a word...Serene"What can I say about the Hyatt Regency Scottsdale Resort and Spa @ Gainey Ranch?It was our first trip to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, and if you enjoy the simple luxuries of a short-refreshing weekend to get away from it all, this is the place to stay. The property is secluded, but yet a short drive to the main area of downtown Scottsdale. The service is wonderful, there were check-in kiosks, and plenty of receptionists (it was a mid-afternoon check-in). The rooms were clean, modern, and typical of business style hotel as most hyatts, sheratons, and other hotels of the sort. What stood out to us was the setting. The hotel as you drive up has a large fountain in the middle of square (yes, not circular) driveway, and the hotel is just plain open. You can see the large sitting area (where at night people gather to drink, mingle, and even roast marshmallows). Beyond that is what is a large pool area (1 adult only pool, and a general-large all ages pool area). More about that in a minute.If you veer to the right of the pool area and behind it is this small yet peaceful garden, and beyond that was a full golf course. Now the piece du resistance (for me anyways is the expansive pool area). The pool has the typical hot-tub, poolside bar, but beyond that it has small basketball hoop, two volleyball nets, a sandy beach section, a couple of waterfalls, and a 3 story water slide (excellent). Now could it have been the weather was beautiful (80 degrees in late October), combined with one of my favorite pluses to a hotel, a large pool area, honestly a pool area to either bathe in the sun, sip a lovely beverage or dip in the pool, to me that's a holiday (even if it was a short weekend getaway) holiday none the less. Right, the pool being expansive yet it didn't feel too large or overwhelming with tons of other hotel guests doing the same, because then I would've gone to the adult only, you would expect the pool area to be popular right?For checkout there are two major pluses 1, it has a computer with printer so you can print your boarding passes for your flight home, and it has spots for rental care return. As for the spa my girlfriend's sister made use of it's services, and for me I stepped into the reception area for nor more than five minutes with the combination of near whispering of the staff, the soft gentle music, and the rock laden water fountain, I wanted to sit in of the comfy chairs and fall asleep.But you don't have to take my word for it. In essence if you stay in the Phoenix /Scottsdale area whether for a short weekend, or long holiday this has to be one of the choices to stay.
4	Beautiful resort.  The pool is fabulous.  A great place to hangout during the Summer.We enjoy coming to the lounge and having a few glasses of Wine while listening to the live Jazz band.We're planning on staying here for a few days this Summer on a staycation...can't wait!Return Factor - 100%
4	I was lucky enough to have a work related seminar at this amazing hotel.  The place is beautiful. The staff is friendly.  Everyone employee I passed smiled and said hello.  If I had a question they were always very helpful.  Since I was at a seminar I did not get to enjoy the pool and other amenities, but would definitely come back another time on my own.  I did use the gym several times and it was very nice.  All of the cardio equipment have TV's. I was traveling solo and did not feel like the restaurants were conducive for solo dining; however, I did have room service several times and the food was always very good.  The market cafe is nice too.  It has sandwiches, wraps and salads that are good.  They have a computer and printer near the front desk where you can check in for your flight and print your boarding pass for FREE.  Very nice.I subtracted 1 star because my room had no view at all.  In fact, I looked out at a wall.  It would have been nice when I checked in to have been told that my room looked out onto a wall.
5	It has been many, many years since last staying at the Hyatt Gainey Ranch, so I was elated when I landed a low-cost room during Spring training through Hyatt.com. I rolled in and like every other recent  Hyatt visit, the online check-in confirmed my room; the kiosks were all broken and I took my iphone to the front desk who sheepishly replied "I'm sorry sir, but your room isn't ready". I plastered the exhausted, disappointed expression across my face and they quickly gave my a 30% off coupon (only valid arrival day) to go enjoy their restaurant or lounge.I was late due to a National rental car debacle at SkyHarbor and thought maybe I should just relax and enjoy lunch. Headed to SWB and had a meal while the hotel found a room and phoned me. This experience has now happened at approximately 6 Hyatt's and is predictable, except for the 30% coupon. The resort, once you get into your room, is wonderful. Rooms are spacious, lighting is great, beds are nice and the bathrooms have been redone. I "upgraded" to a room facing the CourtYard which was really noisy at nighttime. Probably a bad idea and I'll skip the $9 "upgrade" next time in favor of a quieter room.The pools are as wonderful as they once were and the grounds are impeccable. The location in North Scottsdale is very private and off of the main drag while only about 2 miles to the Pima Freeway and probably a mile to N Scottsdale road. This may have been my 10th stay, but my only recent stay at Gainey Ranch, having opted for other resorts due to price. If one can find a reasonable price, this rates as high as the Phoenician or the Marriott Camelback in terms of luxury. The rooms are not as nice as the newer Intercontinental Montelucia, but the facility is wonderful. Wow!
5	Loved the people, the service, the grounds.  They really know how to make you feel at home.  All-and-all one of the best resort experiences we've had in a long time.We'll definitely be back!  And next time we'll bring friends!!!
3	Our family of five just stayed at the Gainey Ranch for 5 nights and had a great time overall.  I was torn between a 4 and 3 rating but the high daily fee and charges for Internet access made me lean towards a three.  Here is what I would say are the pros and cons:Pros: nice rooms, comfortable beds, great maid service. Restaurant was a '4', good food and not as overpriced as I would have expected.  Location worked out great for us, we went hiking and horse back riding 15-30 minutes north of the hotel and went to dinner in the downtown area just 10 minutes away.  Pool was great fun for the kids albeit as others mentioned a bit dirty.Cons: we had two rooms so paid 40 per night on 'resort fees' and I could not think of one benefit we got from the fee.  They overcharged me for 12 for 'resort recreation' that I need to inquire about as we never rented any recreation items.  The Internet charges on top of a resort fee are just ridiculous, if this is the norm for all Hyatt hotels I will avoid them in the future.  The bigger con for us outside of the Internet fees was the rooms are not sound proofed at all.  Our neighbors got up at 5am every morning and we could hear their entire conversation.  The Hyatt also had a nightly concert/band (likely what our resort fee covered) and unfortunately the music was so loud we could not relax and read or watch.  The Hyatt should have forewarned us we would have been situated in a room right on top of loud music.  I would say bathrooms were a con too, one of our rooms had a standard showerDand the other had a very small bathtub shower/combo.It was a nice hotel but I would not stay again unless I knew they had concerts and started offering free wireless.
5	5 dang stars. I'll give you my two disclaimers at the end.Absolutely gorgeous hotel and grounds. The room was great. The service was great. Great, great, great.The pool. Sigh. It was the adult pool. Life is so relaxing without other people's kids around. He he. They planted these flowers on ledges around the pool, and the multi-colored petals gently rained down on you throughout the day. Sigh again.OK. Two disclaimers. Yes, the room's expensive. Duh. But they don't unnecessarily rip you off at the pool or the lobby bar or whatever. And second, we had the most beautiful weather in our trip to Phoenix. That's it.5 star me!I would go back in a second.woot... yow, bill
5	The resort, adult pool with gratto excellent, however if you are looking for a great place for Sunday Brunch @ SWB, this place can't be beat!
5	Very nice property! It's a bit away from more established golf courses and shopping centers, but if you want to just relax, this is the place to be. The staff was very pleasant. They honored my diamond status and upgraded me to one of their corner suite with extra living room and a huge balcony. Their pool looked awesome - it was unexpectedly cold when we were there in mid March and we didn't get to enjoy the pool, though. The downstair bar area has different performances almost every night. it can be loud but they stop playing around 10pm, so it was tolerable. I would definitely visit this place again in the future for our family vacation.
5	Renew your spirit at this inviting desert oasis. Set amidst flowering cacti and framed against the majestic McDowell Mountains, this wondrous 27 acre Scottsdale hotel and resort is minutes from a host of activities and miles from the ordinary. Enjoy breathtaking vistas blended with intriguing Native American culture and pampering amenities at a Scottsdale resort hotel designed to please every guest.Live music on Saturday nights!  Comfy rooms...awesome pool (being remodeled this summer)...AND BRUNCH!!!
5	The staff here deserves beyond 5 stars, and is the #1 reason I will and am excited to return to Scottsdale and this hotel in the future. From start (valet, front desk) to finish and everywhere in between (housekeeping, concierge, market and gift shop employees, room service, restaurant service), there were constant friendly faces with helpful intentions. I don't think I've ever stayed at a hotel with such a genuinely friendly staff! In particular, some names I remember, Sidney in valet, Jason & Amanda in SWB, and Kristin at the concierge. Everyone was just great! (Speaking of SWB, dinner there was delicious. And served probably one of the best margaritas I've had.)Check in/check out was quick and easy. I had a room (2726 to be exact) in the right wing past the concierge desk. The rooms on this side of the hotel overlook the end of the "lake" that wraps around the hotel and separates it from the golf course. This wasn't an issue for me as I spent very little time in my room, but there is a main street perpendicular to the hotel that was both slightly visual and audible from the patio of this room, however not when the doors are closed. Just a heads up for anyone looking for a total city escape, this may not be the room for you. Rooms have all the necessities: comfy bed with plenty of pillows, controllable A/C, blackout drapes, mini fridge, patio w/ lounge furniture, and shower products, etc.Second to the service, the pools were fantastic. There is an adult-only (thank goodness!) and general pool, both offering waiter service for food and drinks, also with a bar/table seating area. Both pools are large and clean, and had a sort of Grecian-Roman feel due to the regal fountains and design. The views of the golf course with the desert mountains in the background from the main courtyard and adult pool are so beautiful, it's such a different kind of paradise. A few more random tidbits... There was always transportation ready and waiting at the main entrance... The hotel is about 15 minutes ($20 town car ride) from Old-town Scottsdale... They regularly have live music in the lower lobby/cocktail lounge area, and I highly recommend going on a night when The Waters are playing! They're a cute hubby/wife combo, and she has a sort of Norah Jones/Sarah Mclachlan voice that is just beautiful and great to enjoy a nightcap to... Visit 360 adventures by the concierge for all of your adventure booking needs and desires, they are great...They have a 24 hour market called Canyon Market, which is amazing! Everything from ice cream and snacks to hiking boots to books are available for purchase 24 hours :) The entire resort is very relaxing and feels very private, while only being a few minutes from main highways and city areas.All in all, I am already planning my return :)PS: For anyone traveling July-September, I remember the front desk telling me about a pool remodel during this time. I think it was specific to the general pool, but am not sure.
5	Awesome bar areas and lobby- there is live music here on Saturday nights, so this is a great place to come and hang out for food and drinks (I didn't stay here so I can't comment on the rooms or experience in those areas.)  there are different option for food, ranging from a sushi bar, to a full service restaurant on the opposite side, with a large bar area. The lobby is half open so you can sit outside around a fire under the beautiful palm trees and starry sky.  There's free self-parking, but the lot fills up fast...luckily, it's pretty sizable even though you may have to walk a little bit further.
4	Amazing amazing place for a mommy and daddy get away here in town :) we went on the grinolda ride and our tour guide was just so wonderful. For the price of the food and the booze... I couldve made it better at home but, thats a five star get away for ya!
5	Just returned from a week stay here and I could not wait to write a review. While the grounds are very nice and the pools are great, I wouldn't necessarily say the rooms are five star, but the service was so fabulous I just had to give it five stars!Pros -  GREAT food. Every meal I had here was delicious. The mozzarella salad at Alto was soooo good that I had it several times. The banana whole grain pancakes were delicious also! Service was great. We had a few "issues" that aren't even worth explaining because they were all fixed quickly and pleasantly. This hotel has tons of activities for kids to do, so I can see it being a great family vacation, but there were areas where kids weren't allowed, which was nice because it didn't feel overrun children. That's what the adult pool was great for! The lobby was also fabulous for relaxing and having drinks. They have bands in the evening which were fun and very good. Cons- There are definitely some cons but after weighing them against the pros they didn't bother me enough to make a difference. To start we visited during hundred degree weather, which is obviously common in the Phoenix area, and the hotel is hot. To be fair, I am an air conditioning freak and especially in hotels, I like the keep my room 72 degrees or sometimes less. The lobby in this hotel is sometimes open air so the hallways and lobby were warm. The hallways had to have been around 80 degrees. The individual rooms weren't much cooler and they had a motion sensor that turned the air off if there was no movement. I often found myself waking up in the middle of the night feeling hot and having to wave my hands around to get the air conditioner to run. Unfortunately, even then minimal air came out. I did call and ask for a fan which helped a little bit. Both my mom and I commented that they also need big ceiling fans in the lobby area. We really enjoyed grabbing a drink down there and when they opened the doors around 6ish it was still really warm. Moving air would have made all the difference between feeling hot and feeling comfortable. After a few days though it felt more normal and I didn't notice it as much, but if you get hot easily like me this aspect may be an issue. Secondly, I really really wish their pool bar was open past 5 pm! During the hot times of the year the best time to sit out there is 4 o'clock and later. There were still tons of people at the pool at 5, but the bar closes at 5!  It was really inconvenient and seems odd. Lastly, the music from the lobby can be heard from some rooms. I think it ended at 10pm, but if this would bother you just request a room on a different side of the hotel. Anyway, I can't wait to return and I had a fabulous stay!! Would definitely recommend.
5	First of all, Scottsdale, AZ is BEAUTIFUL. If you're thinking of coming to Arizona, visit this city and take a peek at this hotel! Check in on foursquare at the hotel bar and receive a free CD. Make sure to check out the gondola boat rides for a fun and unique experience. Don't miss "Wine Me, Dine Me" at SWB. Lobo Fitness is one of the best hotel gyms I have seen. Spend an afternoon/evening sitting out by the pool for a relaxing and satisfying end to the day. Don't forget to enjoy the fantastic hotel restaurants!
4	Very nice atmosphere and rooms. All employees were very friendly. Got free breakfast delivered to our room, thanks to AAA membership.Only downside, which was a big deal for us, was that there were children frequently in and out of the adult pool. My wife and I specifically found a resort with an adult pool so we could relax in peace, but children were in the pool at various times throughout our stay. Staff clearly saw them but did nothing to ask them to leave.Very disappointing, but the hotel is very nice.
5	This is my favorite spot, waterfalls everywhere, beautiful flowers, fun slide, and great food!This year will even be better, they all there pools.
5	I must say I was so pleasantly surprised at this oasis in the dessert !Incredible place to stay especially for the price!Loved everything about this place except I could not stay longer....:)Service, location and amenities were great! I highly recommend this Hyatt! Like most all Hyatts, the staff was just great!
5	Stayed there for a corporate offsite for 3 nights.  Lovely hotel with beautiful landscaping throughout.  Didn't have time to enjoy the incredible pools or the golf course, but hoping to do so in the future ; ) Rooms are spacious, well-appointed, and bathrooms are particularly roomy.  Great service throughout our stay.
5	Spent a week there on business, brought the wife down for the last couple of days.   Over the top service, over the top quality of rooms, sparkling clean, and one of my favorites. If only it wasn't 100 degrees at midnight outside.
5	Great place, enjoyed the amenities. Pool was great and view on the property was very picturesque. Food in the property restaurants were very good. Definitely would stay there again if ever in Scottsdale again.
5	I lived here for a month when I was transitioning to Arizona; I also had extended stays at Biltmore, Westin Kierland, and some other resorts. The Hyatt Scottsdale has a unique blend of being just the right size, with just the right atmosphere.The architecture and decor are splendid, the service is top notch, and the food in the restaurants is top-notch. And the onsite spa, Spa Avania, is a sanctuary of relaxation and rejuvenation. The lounge area offers a full-service bar, a coffee shop, plenty of indoor/outdoor seating, great mountain views, and a steady stream of diverse entertainment nightly.It is also situated in a really great location, very central, with easy access to all of Scottsdale, good destinations in Phoenix, the nearby desert playground, and more.
4	I stayed here for a business conference this week and was impressed with this hotel.  The staff here is incredible. Everyone was very friendly, on point, and went out of their way to be helpful and to make us feel comfortable. It's also pet friendly The rooms are newer, large, tastefully appointed, and full of amenities. Wifi is fairly quick, and it is included in the nightly rate... (Also, no hidden resort fees here!) My complaints about the room are few... They have HD TV's in the rooms, but the signal is analog, and the mattress was starting to show some age (with wallows, or ruts, in other words). My main issue is that this hotel is one that still offers "smoking" rooms. We could smell the smoke from these rooms in the halls and it even found it's way into our room through the cracks in the door. Non-smokers will NOT be happy if you're room ends up next to a smoker.The public facilities are numerous and great, with the standout being a nice lobby bar stocked with some better names in wine and liquor, especially tequila, and big new HD TV's for watching a game. We ate at the onsite SWB restaurant and tried their "Wine me Dine me" dinner, which was fantastic and a real treat (see separate review for more). The meeting facilities are top notch, and the grounds are very nice.The pool area is currently being renovated, with only the former "adults pool" now open, and I'm hoping it's going to be renovated as well, since the stone flooring under the lounge chairs is filthy, looking dated and in serious need of a deep cleaning. The pool bar is also woefully lacking in premium beverage choices. Our server was happy to go get what we wanted from the lobby bar, but I didn't ask her to go to that troubleOverall, the Hyatt RSRS @ GR is a great place to have a conference or to just relax and unwind. It's not perfect, but it's a solid pick
5	After saying at different Hyatt properties all over the country I can honestly say that this is my favorite Hyatt in the United States. My husband and I stayed here just for the heck of it, and the grounds of this hotel are gorgeous. The food at the restaurants was delicious, service was great, and the views were indescribable. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
5	We frequent this property and we love it...
5	If I could give this Hyatt 10 stars I would! I was here on a business trip and stayed with my wife from Wednesday through Sunday. It was awesome! Beautiful area, exquisite grounds, and EVERYONE was pleasant. That's a rarity these days. If your ever have the ability to go, don't miss out on staying here. I promise, you won't be disappointed!
3	my favorite Hyatt getaway killed me on this past trip. Construction 7 days a week, Jackhammers and even construction at the pool was a noisy and disappointing experience. I wish they had told me as the rate wasn't any better and I would have stayed at the Fairmont.Disappointed and suggest calling if you are staying this fall as serious construction projects are going on and part of the pool is closed :-(
5	Came here for cocktails when there was live country music on Sunday night. The resort is really breathtaking with swimming pools that seemed to go on for miles.In 4 days visiting Scottsdale everywhere I went had terrible drinks either too strong or just plain bad. It became the joke of the weekend, that there must be at least one good bartender in Arizona... The one and only good cocktail I had was a mojito here at Hyatt. Excuse me GREAT cocktail. THANK YOU!
5	Update:  The management was grascious enough to thank me on Yelp!.  That is another huge plus. I love the Gainey Ranch, but I also love the Phoenician... and I have a lot of Starwood points... Maybe Starwood should buy the Gainey Ranch? Then it would be perfect (for me)!   Nonetheless, it's over the top service and quality. And really... how hard is it to be nice to people?  It's amazing how many in the hotel industry screw that up.
5	Everything from the rooms to the pool to the gym and the food/drinks were fantastic. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Parking can be valet or free if you can walk 100 yards. When checking in, I was offered a margarita (not that good, but it was the thought that counts). Walked to my room past the indoor foyer/bar area where there's live music every night. The band was excellent. The pools and grounds are exceptional. Excellent fitness center over in the building by the spa. The golf course was very good and well maintained. The only issue was due to overseeding, you couldn't ride the golf carts on the fairway. All of the food was excellent and the managers really care about the service provided.
5	Beautiful! Elegant! Amazing!There are several pools that offer full service meals and drinks poolside. The bar is open when you leave. The rooms are beautiful! The balconies make you feel secluded and like you have the place to yourself. Their room service is done through the TV and you can schedule when you want your meal to come all electronically.One of the best experiences I've had at a hotel.
5	We have been going here for years and I have no idea why I have not posted a review until now!Not once have we ever had a bad experience!  We love to go on the weekends when it's cool enough, listen to live music, have drinks and that delightful Creme Brulee.This is a place we like to take out of town guests, they are never disappointed.
1	Well this is a rather tough review to give. We stayed there from 3/7 - 3/10. The resort is beautiful and well maintained. They just have some issues they need to work on. So we arrived on 3/7/2013. Upon arriving, we parked in the front at the main entrance. Within 5 minutes we were approached by the Valet Parking Attendant. He advised us that we were in the valet area. He also told us we needed to park in general before checking in. Keep in mind this is about 500 yards away. I have never been told to move from the check in parking area while checking in. Ok, on to check in. I was then told our room had a view of the loading dock for the hotel. I was asked if this was OK, I said "No, it's not OK". I was then told there was nothing else available. So why ask me if it's OK? Deliveries started at 4:00AM, LOUD employees gathering in the break area, constant traffic and the sounds of backup alarms from delivery trucks. They make no effort what-so-ever to make this room relaxing or enjoyable. I have posted photos of this loading dock and you will see what I am talking about. Next, it rained for 2 of the days we were there. The patio had 2-3" of water on the patio the entire time we were there. The slope of the balcony floor does not allow drainage. I asked twice for somebody to clear the water so we could use the balcony. Somebody finally showed up the night before we were leaving. This was unacceptable. Housekeeping was "OK" and that's it. They forgot to replace the soaps one day - no biggie. What was a biggie was the room service trays lined up along the hallway. We would see trays on the floor outside the rooms in the same spot for 12-18 hours. That is bad for this type of resort. We had about 75 rooms in all for our function. Most of the people seemed to have issues with the staff at one point or another. Now keep in mind, if you need bottled water, be prepared to pay $7.00 from the little market, so take your own. All in all, the resort was beautiful, our catered events were great, the food was good. Only issue here was the RUDE bartender for our big dinner event. Several comments regarding this guys attitude. Other than that, the service was good. Basically, we won't be back to this resort. Scottsdale has too much to offer to try this hotel again. A good trip but just dented by too many negatives to do this again.
4	Love the resort, love the spa.  The customer service is great and the hotel is so accommodating with pets.  When I checked in they said my dog would be getting a little doggie care package sent up to our room.  It was just perfect!  A huge dog bed, a travel sized box of dog food, a bottle of water, and a toy.  The lady at check-in even gave my dog a couple treats.  The bell men were friendly and Dave at valet was great.    My only gripe was the brunch.  We went for Easter brunch which was about $80/person.  I wouldn't mind the price if the food was excellent.  Unfortunately, the food was pretty horrible (the desserts were great though-freshly made bananas foster).  They had the typical brunch food but with a southwestern twist, i.e. southwestern eggs benedict (let's stick with the classics guys!).  I asked for melted butter for the crab legs because they didn't have any out, so they brought me some and it was COLD, which was so weird.  Cold, "melted" butter.  Disgusting.  Anyways.  I definitely recommend stay at this hotel and checking out the spa.  Just avoid the brunches.
4	My husband and I decided to take our first trip together, post baby, to the Hyatt. Unfortunately it was during spring break.The location is great as it's a short drive to all the downtown Scottsdale action as well as Phoenix. They offer valet as well as self parking. The hotel grounds are beautiful and most of the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. Check in was smooth, however I wasn't offered a margarita like I read in most of the reviews... could have been because we checked in at midnight. We booked a standard room which was spacious and our balcony overlooked a courtyard. They have a Starbucks on site as well as a few restaurants. We saw live music each night which was an added touch. They didn't play through the night like I saw on some previous reviews. If you go to bed at 9pm then ask for a room away from the lobby. I think they finished up each night between 10-11pm. The spa here was amazing and I wish I would've come back to spend the day there instead of the pool. We spent our time here at the adult pool which was beautiful, however this is where my frustration lies. Like I mentioned, we came during spring break, so I expected crowds. There were kids in our "adult pool" and the staff didn't seem to do anything about it. While I don't mind the older teenagers, ten year olds playing catch should have been moved to their own section. There isn't really a divide within the grounds though... Pools are separated by the towel bar and a grotto. My other gripe is that people came down at 7am to reserve their chairs.... My husband and I came down at 8am on our last day to spend a few hours here and about 80% of chairs were already "reserved". This should not be allowed and it isn't at most hotels I visit. The worst part about it was that I didn't even see these people in the 3.5 hours we were down there! Hotel staff should also remove the base towels from the chairs... they were all wet in the morning and while I got towels to go over them, I still thought it was gross. My suggestion would be to better manage this area. Regardless, the property is nice and the grounds are well kept. I would recommend this hotel or return in the future.
5	The most amazing customer service!!! Vegan friendly - thank you!
1	Very unhappy with the rooms NOT a Four Star size, configuration or quality grounds nice staff nice
4	I stayed at the Hyatt for a week for a work event. There is a lot to say about a hotel so to keep it simple, here are some pluses/minuses:Pros:-Nice rooms, very clean and modern, comfortable bed and nice bathrooms.-Welcoming lobby and common areas, very airy and open-Loved the Canyon Market store- good coffee and snacks, cool gift items, super nice staff-Good food across the board at the restaurants and on banquet/catering side-Nice meeting facilities with open areas outdoors so you can enjoy the weather-Beautiful pool area-Staff was very nice across the board, especially in the conference areaCons:-Pool loungers not very comfy-Pool attendants were sometimes stingy with towels-Very spread out so long walk from room to conference area-Pricey (I wouldn't have stayed there on my own dime)Bottom line, if I had to go back for work I wouldn't mind at all. Not sure I liked it enough to pay for it myself, though :)
3	We stayed here for a business conference.  This is a very nice facility with very high prices.  Yes, premium resorts are expensive.  However, when one gets the feeling that the primary, single motivation for everything is separating you from as much of your money as possible, for me, that's a problem.  The rooms are nice but not premium resort quality.  The pool and grounds are spectacular and the service is what you'd expect from a luxury resort.  A quick example of the expense/value proposition... a poolside Mai Tai was $11.  Not cheap but within tolerances, until the drink arrived - a 12 ounce cup, brimming with ice and 4 ounces of the drink.  After I consumed the drink with six to eight sips, I filled the cup with water, hoping to get a little more from my investment.  Even with less ice than when the drink was delivered, I could only fit one-quarter of my 16 ounce water bottle into the cup.  If money is really of no concern to you, you'll enjoy this resort.  If you're a regular guy, like me, or a well-off person who still thinks about how you spend your money, you may wish to consider an alternative.  One more thing... if you're a meeting planner, consider who will be attending the event and the companies who may be footing the bill for your attendees.  We will be having this conversation with those folks that planned the conference we attended.  In the past, we attended a conference at the Westin Diplomat in Hollywood, Florida.  The rate was around $200 per night, with a fabulous pool and views of the Atlantic and the rooms were superior to these.  Yes, on-site purchases and dining were expensive but not overly so.  Plus, when you're saving over $100 per night per attendee, getting soaked is a bit more palatable.
5	probably the best hotel in scottsdale.  This is where I always suggest family stay when they come into town.The pool slides are amazing, and all free when you stay.  GORGEOUS pools.Worth every penny!  We were pleased to find how clean and well appointed everything was.  And Noh, a restaurant inside, is to die for.
5	We have been visiting Arizona for almost two decades now and ever since we found Gainey Ranch, there is nowhere else we like to stay. It has something for everyone and the staff is amazing. We came here before we had kids and found it to be very relaxing and enjoyable. We love the adult pool. We also have been there with our children and had a blast. The activities for the kids are always available and there is never a dull moment. The Spa is ONE OF A KIND. It is one of the BEST spas I have been to. If you need to unwind , this is the place to go . You will be treated like royalty from start to finish. We are looking to plan a trip to AZ in the next few months. I know where we will be staying for sure!
4	Clean, attentive staff, Jenny from from the front desk was super helpful! Coffee bar, Canyon something or another had PERFECT coffee!! Great ammonites, lovely location :) would stay at again!
5	Awesome place to stay in Scottsdale! Everything about this hotel is top notch starting with the valet service, room, lounges, entertainment and local spots. Will be back
4	We stayed at this hotel for my cousin's bachelorette weekend and it was the best place to stay. The resort grounds was amazing and there was a lot of stuff to do. We had a spa day at the resort and the amenities at the spa were amazing. The mineral pool was so relaxing and we all either had a facial or a massage and we were all pleased with the service. We also did the arizona wine experience and we had such a great time learning about the different types of wines and it was a pleasure meeting Jonas. He recommended The House Brassiere restaurant in downtown Scottsdale and it was so great. He also recommend the Alto restaurant at the hotel and we had a pleasant experience. He was very good and made sure we had all our needs met. Kyle, the bartender at the Grotto was great. He kept the drinks flowing and he was a pleasure. We definitely will come back again! We cannot thank enough the staff for the great service!!!
5	The staff. The staff made this facility, and our stay, five stars. We have stayed in many nice resorts and the rooms, amenities and views are standard for a nice resort in a tourist area like scotttsdale. But every single employee who came within speaking distance asked if we needed anything or if they could do anything for us. There was a small delay at the oasis bar by the pool while the employees figured out a problem with their cash register. We stood, unacknowledged, for a period of time waiting to get our kids some ice cream. Just as i was thinking that this is where the impressive service would break down, the smiling manager told us "no charge," without a moments hesitation or any complaint from us. I love organizations that empower their staff to provide excellent customer service.
5	From the moment we stepped foot in the lobby, the service was impeccable. Sitchi welcomed us at the Diamond desk, introduced us to the resort's offerings, and handed us keys to the regency club along with two prickly pear margaritas. Fantastic.When our room was ready, it was a spacious king with an almost spa-like bathroom and a large terrace overlooking the gardens and main pool area. As a diamond member, we had access to the Spa Avania and its lovely mineral pool, around which we spent most every afternoon, sipping smoothies and eating salads. The routine was rough, and involved sunshine, chaise longues, plenty of white wine, swims in one of a number of pools and the occasional visit to the well-appointed fitness center for good measure. Dinners were on par with what one might expect at such a resort, and occasionally a tad pricey for the offerings. The daily Regency club breakfast and evening hors oeuvres were fantastic, as were the drink specials and the lovely ladies who made sure everything was just so! While of course there are many lovely and smaller resorts to choose from the world over, this Hyatt property is by far tops in my experience with the chain, and both my boyfriend and I look forward to our return visit--even if it is in the hot summer season!
5	One of my favorite hotels I've stayed at for a business trip.  Very very nice grounds area, beautiful really.  Once you step into the hotel the atrium has large windows that stare out into the grounds area that make you pause for a moment and just look.   Serenity....The rooms were very nice with huge bathrooms that could double for a room at some other hotels I've stayed at (slight exaggeration).  Awesome terrace that overlooked the gardens and pool.  I spent a good hour in between my meetings just sitting there staring at the grounds and relaxing in piece.I really enjoyed my meal the the SWB that we ate in their outdoor seating area by the pool.I didn't get a chance to use the pool themselves, but they looked awesome.  Pool area was great for evening drinks and socializing with coworkers while the breeze rolled though. Would love to come back here again.
5	Attended a few holiday events here.  They always seem to have everything so perfectly ironed out.  The staff is ridiculously friendly and helpful.  They just redid their whole outside pool area, which I'd love to try out some day.  They have live music and several dining and drinking options.  I def recommend this place!
5	This experience was better than any other time I have ever stayed here- and that says a lot because, I have always had a great time.Upon check-in , we were greeted with the Prickly Pear Margarita's. The room smelled so cleaned upon walking into it. Every day we visited the pool and had such a great time relaxing. The towels were removed after an hour , to avoid people saving seats and not returning for hours, which seems to be an improvement from the last few times we have been there,Every night we really enjoyed the live music. The Water's were incredible and very entertaining. A huge step up from the previous years we had been there and heard the entertainment. The wait staff , during the music, was not pushy for you to order food or drinks and genuinely wanted you to enjoy yourself.I had a massage at the spa and that was phenomenal! I enjoyed the mineral pool and hot and cold plunge pools after. That was the most relaxed I had felt in over a year or two.100% will be back and will continue to tell all of my friends about this place for a amazing getaway. Whether you are single, married or with your family and children, you can not go wrong here. Thanks again, Gainey Ranch , for the incredible vacation.
4	After the construction completed, this Hyatt has become a must stay spot for every trip to Phoenix. (There are many of these.) I really have been impressed with consistent service, good rooms, location, free parking and free wifi at reasonable rates. The restaurant is good for breakfast, though service is spotty. The concierge is 5 star and the bellstaff are awesome. For some reason, the front desk has always been a weakness as there always seems to be a line. Great property and the positives far exceed the negatives. Now the the pool are is completed, it's really nice to see what Gainey Ranch has done to keep this property up to date.
5	Fabulous experience here. We went during the summer, so it was off season. The price for what you get was outstanding. We had the bed & breakfast package, the breakfast was great, you can choose off the menu in the restaurant. Not some cheesy buffet that other hotels offer. Room was spacious and clean, lots of toiletry iteams available, that you can have delivered to your room, complimentary.The large pool area was soooo nice, there is even some ledges in the pool that allow you to sit in and cool off. The only downside, was that the 30' slide closes at 5 pm.I would highly recommend this resort.
5	My family and I had a staycation here about a month ago. The service was amazing. My daughter got very ill late at night and made a big mess on our bed and the bathroom. We called made service to get new sheets and blankets. They sent five people to clean the bed and the bathroom. They were super nice and did not make us feel like an inconvenience whatsoever. The pools were great and we were never left waiting for a drink even on a busy Saturday. The restaurant service was great as well. Everyone at this hotel was super nice and always helpful. I would stay here again in a heartbeat! Oh and the rooms were very well insulated. There was a massive monsoon storm late one night and we didn't even here it. We only realized it when we went to open the curtains to check out the patio. Great hotel!
4	Loved our staycation. All of our questions and issues were addressed quickly. They need to make sure the website is updated with the summer hours/ changes a bit more obviously but it did not ruin our stay. DO NOT MISS- Obadiah Parker in the center stage bar. What an amazing voice. Grab a seat in the lounge, order up a martini and enjoy the show. We had excellent service the entire weekend. SWB lunch is amazing, we did not get to eat at Alto because it was closed but SWB really was excellent. Adult pool was very relaxing, we never had an issue finding somewhere to sit in the shade, and I always love hyatt regency beds. Summer rates are great for AZ residents, don't miss out!
5	We have stayed at this hotel 2 times and we absolutely love it.It has a great pool complex for kids and not to shabby for adults too. Atmosphere and live music nightly are also a plus at this hotel.Overall I don't have any major complaints for this hotel. We will be back!
5	AMAZING!!!Just got back from a phenomenal trip and this was the location we stayed at. I'm not entirely sure how I heard about this place at first, but after reading reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp I went with it and am very glad!When you check in, you get a free margarita! Which as nice. It's a low rise building, which I prefer, every room has a balcony and a view. There are 10 pools, and a couple for Adults Only (heck ya), both with tunes and booze. Oh and a water slide, which was fun for a couple rips. Plus a few restaurants, we had no need to leave the resort. The service was outstanding, being the off season it was quieter so we got special attention and go to know some of the staff. Huge thanks to Matt and Marcus at Center Stage, Johnny the Sushi chef, Jonas the Food & Beverage manager. It's beautiful, open, green and lush. Just a fabulous place. I have no complaints!
5	Best family hotel in Az. Very cool staff. Love the pools the new slide and all the restaurants. Special thanks to Victoria the front desk manager. We will return for sure.
5	Just got to this hotel and they treated my girlfriend and I like gold :) It's our first time trying out the Hyatt and their customer service was on point! Steve at the front desk was really friendly and helpful! Made us feel right at home and even sent us a complimentary champagne for our anniversary :) Excited we chose this resort over Hilton and are looking forward to spending Labor Day here! Thanks Hyatt for the awesome service and beautiful view!
2	Just checked into our room with a family of four. The sleeping was a bit tight with four of us on two double beds. I called the front desk to ask for a cott for one of the young ones and the woman at the front desk flat out refused. She said they were only available for a King Room. She said you csn check our website to see for yourself. Not a great way to make an impression on guests who literally checked in minutes earlier and who are staying for a few nights. I've had better reception from the front desk staying at a Holiday Inn.
4	We arrived on a Friday afternoon.  The place is very nice.  The landscaping and everything is pretty much as seen in the photographs you see on their website.  The rooms were comfortable.  The bathroom was great.  It had one of those waterfall showerheads plus a separate handheld showerhead to just rinse your feet or whatnot.They had a kid`s activity going when we arrived.  So my daughter was able to partake of that real quick.  Checked in no problem.  Were offered prickly pear cactus margerita.  Not a great margerita, but it's free.  Not sure how much alcohol, but it was cool, which is nice in the heat.The pool and the three-story slide are definitely the highlights of the pool.  But it is very difficult to find seating on the weekend.  Get there early if you want to get a good spot in the shade.  There are a ton of pools, but some of them are very tiny like little two-people pools.  So it is kind of misleading in that sense.  But the pools are well-maintained.  There is sandy beach at one end of the pool complex next to the slide.  I'm amazed they keep the sand in that one area so well and it's not tracked all over the place.The pool slide is great.  There's a height limit of 48 or 42 inches.  Can't remember.  There's not sudden dips, but it can get kind of dizzying.   It's a smooth circular slide, and you'll pick up speed whether you want to or not.  That said, it's not like getting shot out of a cannon or anything.  And it's pretty fun.  We brought our own flotation device in, and got not pushback from the employees, so that's nice.  It's not a deep pool.  I think the deepest is just a little over 4 feet.  So be aware there are no lifeguards.The staff was pretty good about coming by and checking on us to see if we wanted to order any food or drinks.  They had hydration stations all over with just ice water.   But it was welcoming.  I mean, it was so hot out there, that they could have easily not had that and just made everybody buy bottles of water, so much appreciated.There were tons of kids activities all weekend long.  Some with an added fee, some just included in your hotel stay.  The arts and crafts stuff was free.  The dive-in movie was free.  It was pretty cool to be able to sit and watch a movie and swim at the same time.  They had free popcorn.  The screen wasn't huge, but for the kids it's not that big a deal.  They're showing movies that your kids have probably seen a thousand times.All in all, I'd definitely go back.  The room was nice.  The staff was very friendly,  And my daughter had fun.
5	Absolutely beautiful property!Now that they have been renovated, I am going to frequent the property every year. By far my favorite Hyatt to date. Their rooms are large and their balcony is the biggest yet! They offer a table you can enjoy breakfast at and two lounge chairs to tan on (If it isn't scorching hot).They have 20+ pools. One of them is a beach pool that has sand entering the pool which I think is pretty awesome, they have a great grotto, and the COOLEST WATER SLIDE EVER! You go like a million miles per hour and basically fly off of the slide so hold on to your swimsuit! Ha! And did I mention the pools are open 24/7?? YES 24/7! How awesome is that?!Now don't let me forget about their Front Desk and Pool staff. All of them were smiling and very helpful. Upon check-in we were offered Prickly Pear margaritas that were not stingy on the alcohol and full of flavor. Loved them!I can say so many great things about this property, but of course you just have to experience it for yourself. Enjoy!
4	I'm a travel professional and have been to many spa resorts. This is nice but there are better resorts in the area. What it lacks would be views from the main pool, variety of music in lobby/lounge and enough chairs and service at the spa pool. The spa pool was very small and because it borders the street, you hear traffic both in the treatment rooms and pool. Much of the resort is walled in by cement block walls and it doesn't make for an open and airy feel. The service was very good in all areas and if the price is right, it is a good option but not the best. I have not yet tried the Westin but so far, the JW is my favorite.
5	Gorgeous property!I had the pleasure of staying here this past week while in town for work.I instantly loved this place with the gorgeous Arizona landscaping and the complimentary prickly pear margaritas upon check in (YUP you heard right- complementary margaritas).The restaurants on the property were very enjoyable and I'm still having dreams about that caprese salad from Alto- OMG.The property went through an extensive remodel and it is nothing short of gorgeous!The rooms are very modern, comfortable, and roomy.The staff took a genuine interest in your travels and would bend over backwards to ensure your needs were met.Although I wasn't able to partake in the fun excursions the hotel offers (all work and little play :( ) they seem to offer many options for those looking to get off the property and explore the Arizona dessert.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in the Scottsdale area.
5	I go to many of the resort spas throughout the valley and this by far is one of my favorites! A dear friend and I love to meet here at least twice a year! Excellent service, quite spa pool, fresh new robes they added recently and the ambience is superb! I'm a spa junkie, so this is a gem! Can't wait to go back! I've used the salon services too! Ask for Brooke! She's been there for years and is amazing! They offer us locals a discount too! Just show your ID and ask about specials! You can't help but find something to buy in the boutique too! Lol!
4	Time for a review update.  In addition to the comments on my prior review, they've remodeled the pool area and it's a much nicer place to be during the Summer.  The dining here is great too.....we come by for business lunches at SWB from time to time and the Italian joint, Alto, is great for dinner.The lobby lounge is one of our regular stops during the year for the Jazz music. Keep it up guys!Return Factor - 100%
4	Cool place. Pros:-Nice property-Don't nickel and dime as much as other resorts (free parking, internet included).  It wasn't perfect but above average in this regard-Bikes first-come-first-serve for free to borrow-Pool is really nice and huge-Room was nice and peaceful-I would assume mostly upscale clientele-Close to Old Town Scottsdale.  Not walking distance but not too far of a driveCons:-Charged 4$ for bottled water.  This is less than a lot of other places, but come on - they should throw in a bottle.-Restaurants on site were over-priced, as expected at a resort-Our room smelled like an old people's home-Not a wild fun resort like other ones I've stayed at, but hey, it's Scottsdale not Vegas-You're in suburbia but again, you probably knew that when you booked it-Silly TV and weak internet that cuts in and out.  How can hotels not get the cable TV thing right?  We've all managed to pull it off at home.
5	The Spa at the Hyatt Regency Gainey RanchI love a really good massage! And have enjoyed some fantastic ones around the world . I am fortunate to live near  the hotel and have been there frequently, but never to the spa. What a big mistake! It is rights cross the street from the parking lot should you wish to pass the $ 7.00 for first three hours Valet Parking.The Spa is drop dead beautiful with great steam room, outdoor hot and cold spas.It's a lovely place to crash for the day as  I did recently.Denny, the masseur was the star in my visit. He is a large man, not fat, strong and extremely caring as to the strength oif the massage you desire.. He is not pushy about selling products, but tells you in the kindest way what is available considering the oil you had chosen. The table was heated just a tad and again he questioned me about the temperature. My total comfort was his concern. A lovely menu is available. Next time I think I'll sit outside by one of the fireplaces.When traveling .i am a fan of Boutique hotels, but this spa is top notch and does not have a commercial feel about it. Having said that, I need to add the spa was not crowded.. Enjoy your visit. I look forward to Seeing Denny again before too long
4	Amazing view from this hotel, pools, unlimited activities, kids camp and much more ! Loved our stay!
5	Oh, this place is lovely. Here for business and I'm in love. Great rooms, pretty views, friendly staff. It isn't overwhelmingly large but has tons to eat and do. Wish I had time for the beach and water slides but I might be able to see the gondola. I can see people on the lawn doing yoga and playing volleyball and I feel zen by association. Has all the pluses of a Hyatt property, and this one is great for business and family alike. Almost wish my family was here... Almost. Complimentary margaritas when you check in too. Hyatt Lost Pines had mimosas but margaritas trump that.
5	Amazing Scottsdale resort and spa! Recently stayed here with my husband over the NYE holiday and we couldn't have been happier with our stay. Beautiful property with a large variety of things to do. This property has several different restaurants/bars with great food, gorgeous pools with fantastic mountain and golf course views, nightly live music which was awesome, clean/updated rooms, beautiful luxurious spa, workout facility with tennis courts, and overall a perfect location. My spa treatments (massage and pedicure) were wonderful however somewhat pricey, but the amenities and spa grounds were just fabulous.We dined at Alto on NYE and the food was superb, however the service was poor i.e. we ordered the tasting menu with wine pairings and the food came out far before the wines. The resort overall is fantastic! I would definitely stay here again.
4	0 stars because there are so many kids there...oh $hit, my kids were there too! I guess it's just because I like mine better, okay, I'm PARTIAL! We arrived after check-in, our room wasnt ready so they gave us a $100 credit and apologized. cool. We decided to wait in the outdoor area and grab a few cocktails and our rooms were ready within 10 minutes. The service was typical Hyatt, great as always.5 stars because it is such a family oriented resort without dumbing it down so that you feel like it is an family only place. I would recommend this place to people with families of all ages. They have a great day care where the staff is attentive and they will feed your kids for you too (for a fee of course) My husband and I were able to take a TRX/group class at the LOBO fitness where we got a good work out with a few other hotel guests. The room was small but so was the group. I like to think that we are in good shape but we were sore the next day.The restaurants are good, a bit pricey but not bad. On the other hand, we found some local places that were good and I was thrilled to find a wine warehouse where I was able to buy myself a survival mode of adult grape juice that kept this momma happy.We've never been to Arizona before, to me it was like going to Bedrock in a weird way because the landscape and horizon are so foreign. But I guess that's why it made it felt like more like a 'get away'. I would come back again. Just because I hate skiing now and I've realized how much snow is overrated. While I wouldn't stay a whole week, a few days is just right.
4	This is my second visit for a business meeting. What I learned last time was make sure you plan some time to enjoy the pools, grounds and golf!  What I had forgotten from the first visit but was so wonderful to remember was the front doors are all, and I mean all, are opened during the day and early evening and the front of the hotel lobby is open to the fresh air and breezes  - at least when I have been there in January!The service is wonderful. Some highlights. When I arrived late in the evening I was in lien to check in and I heard the receptionist offer the person at the desk a complimentary glass of their margarita. Now I am tired, hungry and wiped out and said out loud " that sounds wonderful", next I know he made the guest a glass and poured a second for  me and brought it to me in line. I was sitting at the counter of the restaurant to eat a late meal ( it was a long day on planes) and one of the cooks took my offer  but more importantly engaged in a conversation about the food, weather and hotel. Loved that interaction. I go to the bar after dinner and ask for his recommendation of a night cap - a quality tequila I ask for. He chose one and told me "why' and then kept checking in to make sure I was ok with his choice.If you need arrangements for a ride, golf or whatever - everyone is friendly and helpful I look forward to our next meeting at Gainey - I will surely add some more "me" time to enjoy the facility.
3	This property is top drawer and gorgeous beyond description.  The pool area is one of lushest and most inviting of its kind.  The entry steps down into a cavernous open lounge area which in turn opens to the outside leading to the pool area and gold course.My first gripe about this place was how we were greeted when we drove up to check in.  The valet approached our car looking more like a police officer inquiring about our presence instead of welcoming us and telling us where we could park while checking in.  He told us to turn around and head toward to self parking area. The correct greeting would have been "welcome to the Hyatt . . . are you checking in?"  I ignored his "suggestion" and pulled off to the side so I would be closer to the front desk while my wife waited in the car.  At check in I specifically requested a ground floor room but was not offered a choice of beds so I neglected to ask for a king size bed.  Instead, the clerk assigned us to a second floor "casita" without telling me it was upstairs despite the fact that I told him I preferred a ground floor room.  I obtained our reservation via Priceline so I wonder if the seemingly second class treatment had anything to do with that.John, the bellman was infectiously friendly and helpful as he  retrieved our bags from our car and held them near the front desk while my wife and I parked our car.  He graciously provided us a brief tour of the hotel lobby, lounge and restaurants and then took us passed the pool en route to our room.I should have objected to the room immediately but we were tired and wanted to unwind before dinner so I didn't.The rest of our stay was pretty pleasant.  We had cocktails in the lobby lounge and enjoyed a very professional sounding quartet while waiting for an available table at the Southwest Bistro (SWB).  We really enjoyed dining at SWB . ; . we ordered a few appetizers and a ceaser salad with their southwestern cornbread.  Other than the fact that they mistakenly brought southwestern grits (which were very good by the way) and forgot the cornbread, the rest of the fare was really delicious and very enjoyable - - very good ceviche and crab cakes.Our biggest disappointment was with housekeeping who did not tend to our room until 4 pm on a Sunday afternoon.  We left our room around 10:30 am and when we returned close to 4 pm they were still working.  Sadly, they neglected to do a very thorough job and overlooked some relatively minor details that you would expect to be taken care of at a 5 star property.At check out I was asked how I enjoyed our stay and I replied "it was OK".  The young lady who was assisting me was not satisfied to hear that so she graciously and quickly offered to credit the $25 daily resort fee which I didn't even know about.  I would like to stay here again sometime but I would prefer to be in the main hotel building instead of the outlying "casitas" which granted are pretty nice having their own private rooftop lounge areas overlooking the golf course and water features which meander through the casita buildings.I would have given this place 5 stars but for the poor greeting and disappointing housekeeping and check in experience.  I had much friendlier service and better communication at lesser properties.
5	We hit the jackpot with this place! We had originally thought of booking at another hotel to be closer to Camelback Ranch to watch the Dodgers for spring training, however we took a chance with a travel website and got a great deal for this location. I'm not from Arizona therefore not familiar with this location, but it seemed to be quite a ways from the more populated (aka busy) area of Scottsdale, but that was A-Ok with me! Made it seem more like a mini vacation. You drive up the palm tree lined driveway into a beautiful cul-de-sac where you are greeted by the valet. There is self parking, but you can have a bellhop help you with your luggage.
5	Could've used a Hotel GPS app for this hotel! So many twists and turns! But the very friendly, service oriented staff, tranquil lobby, beautifully maintained grounds and delicious food MORE than made up for not getting the hang of the hotel orientation until the day I checked out! Must return!
5	Fabulous resort!  We checked in and were promptly offered a complimentary margarita!  Registration service was top notch - Sichi was fantastic!  She answered all of our questions and made us feel very welcomed.  Our room was beautiful - complete with the typical amenities (safe, small refrigerator, free wifi, etc.).  Our room also had 2 comfy robes.The resort grounds are absolutely gorgeous with plenty of pools and dining options to choose from.  We spent a little time at the family pool - but mostly enjoyed the cabana service at the adult pool.  The only negative comment I would have about the pool amenities is that the hot tub is actually located in the family pool area and was always filled with kids when we tried to access it (I thought kids weren't supposed to use hot tubs?).   The cabanas were well equipped with a small couch, 2 chairs, end table, coffee table, mini refrigerator, ceiling fan, and a cable TV.  Rental is $250/day and also includes a fruit platter, guacamole, salsa & chips platter (all were served delightfully cold, fresh, and tasty!) and unlimited bottled water).  The first day, our server was fantastic.  The second day, our server was rarely to be found and we left the day a bit disappointed.  Not to worry though, we expressed our concerns to Sichi who quickly took care of matters to our satisfaction.Every day we had breakfast at the SWB. If you have the option to get the breakfast package with your room - do it!  Well worth the additional $15/day.  The breakfast package includes any entree on the menu, along with a juice and coffee.  As an alternative, you are also offered the breakfast buffet - which has scrambled eggs / whites, roasted potatoes, bacon/sausage, eggs Benedict (delicious!), bagels w/ typical toppings, fresh fruit, oatmeal, yogurt, pastries, and also a made-to-order omelet station).  We also dined at the SWB for lunch.  The Mediterranean salad and the prime rib sandwich were fantastic.  The Meyer Natural Angus Burger was delicious as well.  Both were served with Parmesan truffle french fries.For dinner, we dined at Alto ristorante e bar, where all of their pastas are homemade daily.  I had the pasta di campanelle granchio (crabmeat w/ basil cream sauce) and my husband had the pasta di parpadelle e salsiccia speziata italiano (pasta w/ spicy sausage).  Both dishes were fabulous.  You could tell the pasta was homemade - it was light and not heavy at all.  Highly recommend those two dishes.The hotel also offers live entertainment - I believe it is every day.  In addition, throughout the day, they have several activities planned for both children and adults.  Lastly, dinner at Alto will score you a free ticket for their Gondolier ride (otherwise $10/person).  The ticket does not have to be used the same night. During the 15-20 minute ride, you are serenaded by a trained opera singer.  We were serenaded a song by Andrea Bocelli and one by Frank Sinatra (at our request)!  :)Would highly recommend Gainey Ranch and can't wait to return!UPDATE:  Loved our last experience so much that we just booked a return visit and will be back there at the end of September to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary.  Looking forward to relaxing and celebrating at Gainey Ranch!
5	As you enter the resort, the front desk is off to the left.  The front desk clerk was extremely friendly and professional.  She had a printed statement including my name, number of Hyatt points, and all of the amenities that I would receive as a Diamond member.She also informed me that I would receive 2,000 points for the Regency Club being closed, but that the Regency Club was not really closed.  It was open, and the computers were there to use, but there was no food or drinks available.I was also offered a cactus pear margarita, a very nice touch.The lobby is an open atrium overlooking the golf course.I was given a Regency Club King room.Upon entering the room, the bathroom is to the right.The bathroom is fairly large, with a large shower and the toilet off to the left.  The typical Portico products are offered, although in a larger size There is a large king bed, with a fairly large desk containing a large working space.There is a large TV with a mini refrigerator enclosed in the drawers.There is a large balcony with two lounge chairs overlooking the balcony.The resort fee includes free internet and use of the spa, in addition to phone calls and faxes.
5	We came here recently, when a friend bought us a couples massage.  Our most recent visit brought back all my memories of this great Hyatt locale, just minutes from our front door. As I've previously noted, with some minor updating: "The rooms here are amazing, as are the guest services. Looking for Spa Day? Well this Hyatt is the place!  Looking for a beautiful sunset dinner by a fire pit?  No question, then you have to come here.  If you are lucky to be a Diamond Club member, their Regency Club is one of the best in the world.  I would rank this Hyatt alongside Brenner's Park in Baden Baden; the Savoy or Jumeirah Carlton Tower in London for WOW factor. Simply outstanding!  Stay and enjoy the sunsets and Gondola ride after dinner!"Our couples massage began with a relaxed, tranquil time outside in their shaded portico (photo), sipping cucumber and fruited mineral water, overlooking the Spa's private pool. After a few minutes, we were escorted to our room by two massage therapists to select our scented oils. The hour slipped by ever so slowly and was over before we realized it. Wow, they were very professional and made us feel renewedBut that wasn't the end of our visit. Again we returned to the portico and some quiet time by the pool. One of our friends who was also here for a Spa Day soon joined us. We enjoyed some delicious flavored teas for the rest of the afternoon and some good conversation. The shopping in the Hyatt, though small is excellent. As noted before, "...we have stayed at this Hyatt Regency many times when we lived elsewhere.  But now that we live in the valley, it has become a fun place to go for dinning (See: Alto Ristorante e Bar and SWB Southwest Bistro)."  Come, eat, relax, stay, visit; you'll be glad you did!  Five Stars, simply the best!Enjoy!!
4	It's just really really nice. Great spacious rooms, beautiful lakeside location with Gondola rides, lots of great food offerings at SWB, friendly people that really want you to relax and enjoy, great golf, pool spectacular for adults and kids alike. So thoroughly enjoyable...Only reason not 5 stars... the spa...I'm sure it's a great spa, but they do not offer teen services. Many high end spa locations do, I was told this location does not because there is "nudity" in the locker room. Really? You mean like the locker room that my daughter uses everyday to change in with other girls? Or like at the other multiple spa locations we have enjoyed together?So we had to take our spa business to The Grand Arizona Resort which featured a full teen menu (see review).
3	Nice hotel. However, very very loud in the evenings. Hard to get sleep when your room is anywhere near the atrium or lobby due to guests partying in this area all night. Fun but not relaxing.
4	This is one gorgeous place.  I did not sleep here overnight.  I was traveling through, staying at another resort, asked to attend a meeting here and was I impressed.  I only had drinks at the bar and lounge area, but this is one very nice place!
5	We came here for a local getaway for Mother's Day weekend. From the moment we pulled up, we knew we were somewhere special. Once we checked in, we were offered complimentary prickly pear margaritas and were told they "don't say no to refills." We had an amazing dinner at Alto, and even though there was some confusion with walk-in arrangements vs. reservations, they were very accommodating to our group. Something you won't find many places is the complimentary gondola ride vouchers that came with dinner. Boy, were we in for a treat! Our gondolier was friendly and had such a nice voice and good sense of humor. It was so peaceful to be out on the water after dinner. The bar area was hopping and the live entertainment was wonderful!We spent a lot of time poolside on Mother's Day. Although there were a lot of people in the pool area, it did not seem crowded. The poolside service was good and the servers were attentive. We would recommend this resort and spa without hesitation and look forward to staying there again.
5	Fantastic!!!!!!! Great service, beautiful resort with killer pools! Golf was epic!!! We will be back!!!!!!!!
5	This is one of the nicest properties in the Phoenix area without question.  The entire area is well maintained and truly gives you the sense of being away from the noise and business of everyday life.  Both the guest rooms and common areas are visually pleasing and decorated in a way that blends in with the surroundings.  The food and service are quite good and for a relaxing long weekend, you would be hard pressed to find a better option.  For those with Diamond status, the lounge is definitely one of the better ones and they will go above and beyond to ensure you have a great time.
5	Great weekend vacation spot!  We stayed here Memorial Day weekend and had a wonderful time. HIGHS- Beautiful grounds- Modern, spacious rooms (even for the standard/basic room)- Lovely pool area and quiet adult pool away from all the little screamers over at the "family" pool and water slides- Outstanding service everywhere- Good food at all the restaurants, with plenty of vegan & vegetarian options- Fantastic spa with a gorgeous pool and every other amenity you could ask for.  Facials and massages by skilled staff (ask for Diane for massage - my husband said she is the best ever)"LOWS" (I'm picky!)- No shower in the pool area.  I hate leaving chlorine in my hair all day.  I can't understand why there is no shower as that's standard at every resort I've been to.- Pool area restrooms are really far away from the adult pool and you have to wind your way through the crowded family pool area to get to the restrooms.- Adult pool cabanas face away from the pool (towards the gondola pond).  Not a bad view, but not what I expected.Special thanks to steward Adam Bacon - he took the time to find out the brand name of the resort's water glasses so I could buy some for home.  Despite being really busy, Adam happily tracked down the info and emailed it to me.  Just an example of Hyatt staff going out of their way to contribute to a wonderful vacation.  We will definitely be back, mostly due to the friendly service.  You can tell people like working here and in all my travels, I can't think of another resort who offers better customer service.
5	This is the perfect family resort located in the heart of McCormick's Ranch and halfway between Old Town Scottsdale and the Kierland/Quarter area.  The pool has everything - huge slide, sandy beach, and two full bars.  The rooms are wonderfully appointed with modern tile, glass tile accents, and exceptionally comfortable beds.  Free WiFi doesn't hurt either.My company has had their retreat multiple times here and each time it goes elsewhere, we have dreamed it was back at Hyatt Gainey Ranch.  The only slight disappointment is the golf course, which is your typical resort course with pretty solid views but few challnging holes.
3	I *really* wanted to give this hotel 5 stars, I was so excited about coming here for a "staycation" however it didn't live up to the expectations.The good:- Hotel staff seems friendly, we got there at 10am and our room was ready, didn't give us any hassle for coming super early.- Food was good, we ate at the restaurant on the first floor as well as room service- Lots and lots of pools -- even when they are packed, it doesn't seem like it because there's so many pools.- Room was nice, nothing special.The bad:- We rented a cabana, was $215 for the day.  It comes with chips and salsa, fruit and unlimited water (and you drink a lot of water when it's 110 degrees!).  The cabana was nice, however it was very dirty.  The sheets over the chairs were stained, the rugs on the floor were stained and they apparently didn't clean it the night before, there was food in the fridge from the previous person.  - Again, cleaning issues -- the pools were quite dirty, it's my understanding the pools are open 24 hours a day so I assume it's hard to make it perfect every day before it gets busy, however there was a lot of stuff in the water and random trash in the 'sand beach' area.  I found several bandaids and random trash in the sand.We'll be back as it's a great place to take your kids for the weekend, once they fix the cleaning issues, it'll be 5 stars for sure.
5	From the minute I checked in the staff made me feel special.  It's an awesome resort. Almost feel guilty about the stay but the price was too good to pass up. I spent some time by the adult pool and the service was nice.  The palm trees, mountain view, and golf course view is simply beautiful. When you check in they give complimentary prickly pear margaritas.  And it was good!  So many choices at the resort....oh and the best.....when I walked into my room and saw my name on the t v screen.....
5	This weekend, my girlfriend got to stay at the Hyatt Regency at Gainey Ranch in Scottsdale, for what I think was her 5 or 6 time in the last few years. I got to come later in the weekend after she got a chance to relax on her own. We're from the Phoenix area, so hotels like The Hyatt Regency, The Fairmount Princess, JW Marriott at Desert Ridge, The Montelucia Resort and Spa and a number of others high class resorts and hotels we've had the opportunity to stay at on mini stay-cations. The truth is, we keep coming back to Hyatt because it's our favorite hotel of them all!I'm not sure why they aren't a 4.5 star or even a 5 star hotel given their level of service, because honestly they measure up to, and in some cases even surpass, the super high end 5 star resorts. The grounds, are immaculate and always lush with greenery and flowers. The hotel itself is very well maintained and decorated in such a way as to make you feel comfy and right at home. The night time live music in the hotel's lounge/lobby is some of the best live music around all of Phoenix (we even come here to enjoy it even when we aren't staying at the hotel). The hotel's spa has some of the best pampering feature that the most distressed of persons can unwind very quickly. Last but not least, the hotel staff... Words cannot describe how attentive they are with guests. Sichi works at the front desk, and I don't know how she does it, but somehow she remembers my girlfriend and I, not just by name, but also by lil bits of our lives that she's picked up on over our stays the last few years. She even asked me if we'd taken any epic trips since our trip to Costa Rica last year! Hyatt, don't ever lose her, if you do, you're gonna be sorry.Bravo Hyatt, you gotta flagship here to model all the other Hyatt's after,
5	I am going to give this hotel five stars because of the staff.   Everyone is super polite and helpful. The facilities are nice and the room is great with good beds and pillows.  The only minus I have is the TV.  Controlling it not easy and slow.   Premium movies expensive.   But the bartender here gave great restaurant ideas that all proved fabulous.
5	We stayed here for 3 nights and we had a great experience!  I thought this hotel was more for families with kids, but it was a good relaxing place for couples as well.  When we checked in, we got a complimentary margarita.  Every staff we encountered with were super friendly.  The Concierge gave us good recommendations for hiking.  The front desk staff were friendly and efficient.  The servers at the restaurants were friendly and personable.  The bellman always greeted us with a smile.  The rooms were clean and up-to-date.  Self parking and WiFi is complimentary.  They have separate adult pools available so there was always plenty of space even over the 4th of July weekend.  We found a quiet place and even had one of the small pools to ourselves.  We even got to watch the fireworks outside!Went to the spa a couple times.  Dined at SWB for breakfast.  Nothing fell short.  I'd definitely consider staying here again.
5	Every year i go to Arizona i stay here with the family and this time also i was very happy. We had a good time. Nice hotel. Justine and her manager at the front desk and another supervisor Kathie also was very helpful. Go guys here and you won't regret.
5	My better half and I stayed here over the weekend and had a great time. I spoke to Lori and ordered roses a couple of weeks prior to check in. Working with Lori was a pleasure and compliments to the florist! I ordered a dozen two-toned pink roses and when we walked into the room my baby was surprised and ecstatic. She talked about how beautiful the roses were our entire stay. The pools were great and room service delivered to our room in less than 15 minutes every time we ordered.We weren't impressed with the comfort level of the bed and we both thought the rooms in the Phoenician were better, but overall we were very satisfied with the service, amenities, and the facility as a whole. The customer service made it a 5 star experience!
4	Like this place, but I don't love it...yet. 3 and a half starsI am lucky as I get to go on some business trips and stay at some nice resorts.  Based on my stay, it usually ends up that I give my feedback to my wife, and we usually come back with the kids for a nice little vacation.  The Great.Wonderful resort. The staff is great, and accommodating.  The concierge service is excellent.  I recommend getting a bike and taking a nice ride around Scottsdale.  Well worth it. The pools are wonderful, especially the adult pool with a very close bar.  Live entertainment in the bar area is a nice added touch. Free Wi-Fi too.The Meh. For some reason, when you have a king room, why do you put someone in an handicap accessible room?  Wouldn't that be brought up at check in?Also, I was on the 3rd floor, and the lady that checked me in, just said to take the elevator to the 3rd floor.  Well, what she neglected to say, was when your room is in the 3600 rooms, you cannot access it, from the elevator closes to the check in area.  I am wondering the halls trying to find my room, and thankfully a house keeper saw me walking around aimlessly, and said that I should take the elevator up to 4, and walk a bit, and go down to 3.   Thursday morning, due to my flight being cancelled, I stayed another night.  At 11:00am, I had a knock on the door, and it was the house keeper supervisor (I think) asked if I was staying another night, I said yes.  At 4:30pm, my room still was not cleaned.  I left my room and it looked like they were done with cleaning rooms and I ran into an employee that had a cart filled with towels and told him when they planned on cleaning my room?  He looked at me and said, "Your room is not clean?" Nope.  gave him my room number and walked away.Also, check room 3618.  The alarm clock does not work.We will be back and look forward to bringing the family.  As long as it's not room 3618.
5	Amazing!!! Bring your golf clubs because there is a nice one right next door.  Staff were friendly and the place is amazing!!! I was staying for business and didn't get to explore the resort thoroughly, but for what I did experience it was definitely a 5 star!!!
5	My all time favorite resort in Arizona! The property is amazing and the staff are extremely attentive and friendly. I'd highly recommend the wine and dine experience. Chef Juan created the most delicious dishes.
4	Stayed here for one night with my family.  Beautiful resort, beautiful grounds, nice rooms, and large bathrooms with showers that have a wide shower head and a hand-held shower head. Furniture in the rooms showed some wear but acceptable. Main lounge offers nightly live music and a great drink menu. So why 4 stars? An unfortunate customer service experience... My 12 year old daughter went to charge a $3 bottle of soda in the gift shop to our room. They told her she couldn't without an adult. I understand the reasoning behind this but it was inconvenient. I went back with her and gave permission for her to make the charge. But when I asked to see the manager, I was told she wouldn't be there until tomorrow and to come back. I then asked that they call the hotel manager but she refused and told me "the front desk can help you". Really? A customer has an issue and you won't pick up the phone? The rest of the staff was helpful and nice. Only takes one bad egg to ruin an omelette.
2	Rude people run the front desk and security. Two ladies act as the gestapo at the entrance to the pool - you'll be wearing a wristband the entire time. The pool itself is excellent, but the prices at the pool bar are sky high. It's only a few stories, so you can't get a good view, not that there much to see in Arizona. They charge $4 each for the bottled water in the room - even though it's regularly 110 degrees outside. Add $50+ per night to the quoted rate; you'll be paying resort fees of at least $15 each plus taxes. The rooms have balconies, but are otherwise standard upscale fare. No bathtubs in rooms, so don't expect a bath. Also don't expect: good service, low prices, or any activities other than golf and sunbathing. Expensive, overrated, staffed with rude people - obviously, I'll never go back.
5	I've stayed here the last four or five times I've been in L.A. and I absolutely love it. I've gone to events at the coliseum, the shrine, the palladium, and the L.A. historic park. it's such a great location and the staff is amazing. not to mention the rooms are super clean and very, very nice, as well as affordable when you book in advance. and it's way better than it was as the kyoto grand.
5	Excellent resort! Would recommend!
5	This hotel is ridiculously lush. I stayed here for a conference this very hot summer and the pool got a ton of play. Pool is so nice and so worth every dollar you spend here. I also tried the spa and the mineral pool was very refreshing and nuturing for your entire body. They also had a cold plunge at the spa and that is always a fun experiment. Food, yummy gaucamole made table side, yummy food options here...you really dont have to leave...enjoy 24 hour market and they had wonderful coffee and gelato. I will defiitely come back for more time up at this oasis. Thanks Surey for all your help during the conference.
5	Just stayed here over the weekend and it was a great visit from the time we stepped foot on the property.  The welcome prickly pear margs are delicious!  The room was more than large enough, with a very large bathroom.  The amenities are top notch.  My wife enjoyed the gym in the morning.  The pools here are perfect.  There is an adult only pool and then several different pools with different activities on the other side of the property.  They have two pools designated for basketball and a large one with two volleyball nets.  We had 8 friends from Scottsdale join us at the pool.  At first we thought there was going to be an issue with them only allowing 4 wristbands per room, but when they realized we weren't there to have a massive party, they had no problem letting everyone in.  We had the basketball pool to ourselves, which was perfect.  They also have a large water slide for everyone to use.  This is no ordinary backyard water slide.  This is a top notch, waterpark quality type slide.  We had a BLAST on that thing.  We were 30 year old kids going down that thing.  Were only staying here from now on!
5	Love this resort! The pool is super cool. Where else can you go in Arizona and get a sandy beach that drifts off into the pool. The water slide is comparable to ones at water parks. There are different sections to the pool so you and your guests feel welcome to congregate in your own area in an ultra shallow area or deeper part of the pool. There's a nice basketball hoop for a friendly game of bball in the pool and pretty fountains in the middle of the pool. The courtesy ice water canteens were nice in the summer heat and there was a free craft table staffed by the resort for the kiddos.. Really cool crafts like wooden snakes that you paint. After the pool we hit up the Arcade for foos-ball, pac-man, the pinball machine and more. Oh, and the arcade was free too. What a great value!
3	Is it nice? Yes. Is it a great place for a staycation? Yes. Is the service good? Sort of.Is the food good? eh...Would we come back? Probably not. Ok so this is difficult and confusing. It was a nice hotel, and especially for a staycation. The room was decent, but the bed was terrible. However, nothing amazing about the room. The ground are beautiful and green. The pools are abundant and awesome. Service at the pools, 1 waitress on Labor Day weekend was not sufficient. The best food we had was at Alto. Nothing really stood out. Just overpriced hotel food. Here's where it gets ugly for me, the personal touch. We were celebrating our 1 year anniversary. I called to set up some special details, but was given the run around. After I threatened to cancel, a manager named Cameron stepped in and saved the day....so I thought. She emailed me confirming she would have special items set up in the room waiting to surprise my wife. We arrived...nothing. I was furious. The front desk agent had no idea what to say or do, so she did offer a credit, which I appreciated. Yet, the surprise was completely ruined. It was so disappointing seeing that I set up these items weeks in advance. I then emailed Cameron to express my frustration, and I got nothing. Not even a simple apology for dropping the ball. Nonetheless, I left rested, but a little disappointed.
4	wow...just, wow.this place is over-the-top gorgeous. i will probably never be able to afford to stay here if it weren't for the face that i'm here on business. Gorgeous scenery aside, what made this place for me was the staff. They were super attentive  and paid attention to detail. Any issue I had was solved very quickly. At night they had live bands and the open area lobby and bar space made for very beautiful, relaxing nights. I would change two things about this hotel which is why I have it 4 stars: first, have more lunch and dinner options. For such a nice hotel I was surprised that the only real lunch option they had was a Mexican restaurant... And after 3 days straight of Mexican I was ready for something else. Second, step the AC game up. Again, I was surprised that for such a nice hotel they had what seemed to be a pretty weak AC system in the rooms. Overall though, beautiful property. I definitely recommend!
3	Hmmm... 3 or 4 Stars!?  Over all 3.5...We Stayed for a conference for 5 days and was looking forward to a wonderful time...  Actually a so/so with the rooms....Nice Place for a Conference  and even the event food was superb! (4.5 Stars)  It started off fabulous with free margaritas at check-in....thought I was in heaven!  Love the open in-door/out-door space with live music every night - Great place to hangout and have a drink!Great deals on recycling mugs... coffee refills and water refills during your stay...ask at cafe.Room Issue was the air conditioning.... They hotel (elevators, halls were always warm)... then get to room where air is set at 68 but only switches on when you walk in room... on and off all night (no air movement and definitely not 68 in room... Our group had 3 rooms and all the same.
5	We came to scottsdale for a quick last minute trip after our engagement in NYC. The girl at the front desk (Katie) hooked us up with a beautiful room/view as well as access to the regency club- which was so nice since I'm pregnant and could always use snacks & hydration. Property was so well manicured and everyone was so sweet!
4	The property is gorgeous. Loved the atmosphere and the live music. Food was very good too. Only major issue that we had was that the water in the kid's pool area was FREEZING!!! They told us that the heater was broken. It was cold enough that the kids wouldn't even get in which is saying a lot for kids!
5	got married here in 2005 , and its still one of the most spectacular resorts in Arizona!  thanks for keeping it classy hyatt !
5	Hyatt did make it right.  Crazy, busy holiday stay. I would stay again.
2	Here since Sunday at a conference.  Facilities are good. Beds not as comfortable as they should be. Maid service. Poor. Hyatt trying to save money?  How about refilling soap and other products. Beds poorly made. Do not like my feet touching the underlayment of sheets. Staff fair.  If you've ever been to a resort who's been through forbes training then you'd know the difference.  If they have been through the training they are not being held to a standard. Bar service better. But this imho is a management issue. Lack of standards and possible budget restrictions. Not inexpensive. I'd say it will pass for a conference facility but does not meet my standards for a destination vacation. I believe the experience outweighs the facility. If the service is outstanding you'll overlook facility to some degree. This is not an experience location.
5	Okay, so I had booked a normal status quo room for a conference at the Hyatt and low and behold the hotel was sold out so we were bumped to a private villa or Casita Suite (Spanish for "little house") which are located along the resort's waterways that border the resort.  I live in New York City so this place was a mansion!  It's 1000 square feet (I checked).  It had a wood burning fireplace and a wrap around deck that hung over the lake.  Anyway, the hotel itself is perfectly groomed and it's very spacious so even when it's sold out it does not feel crowded. And, it was CLEAN.  I mean really clean.  I loved this place!
5	This was one of the most amazing resorts I've ever been to. My husband and I go with his company on a conference every year and this was our most recent trip. We really weren't that excited to go to Scottsdale, as the conference was in Tucson a couple of years before, but off we went. We were greeted with these fantastic pink margaritas (can't remember what they're called now) oh my goodness they were so good! They also had a nacho and taco bar set up for us. After checking in Husband and I had to go to a walgreens (we forgot our toiletries) so we thought we'd get a cab or car. Well those were ridiculously expensive so we decided to take some bikes that we could use for free. This was one of the most fun parts of our trip. We were a little tipsy from those pink maragaritas and I hadn't ridden a bike in oh, 7 years. So it was interesting. We had a fun ride up and back. The other awesome part of this trip was the wives day that was planned. Now I'm not sure if the hotel planned this or if it was the service that helped our company plan the trip but this was phenomenal. We laid by the pool all day, our drinks were all free, and our lunch was free. On top of that they had mini massages set up and we got a free pair of maui jim sunglasses. That was my favorite day by far! The food at this resort was good overall, I was impressed with all of the buffets. We did have one night where we could eat on our own and we went to the little italian place there, I wasn't that impressed by that restaurant, I got pasta and wasn't impressed. The rooms at the resort were lovely and I LOVED the bath products here, they smelled AMAZING! The staff was all super friendly and helpful. I actually left my coat at one of the events and they had it cleaned and shipped it back to me for free. Over all I was really really impressed with this resort.
5	I stayed in this hotel last Mounth for a business trip. For the price, the hotel is great. Its located in the best location and therefore, very easy to get around the city. The front lobby is beautiful & very ornate! The lounge bar is also very nice and the perfect place to get a nice glass of wine at the end of day of long meetings. I would definitely go back and stay in this hotel for another work trip or for a personal trip,
5	I booked this hotel for myself and other east coast business associates for its location. While the hotel was clean, safe, and comfortable it lacked what east coast business travelers require. Coffee is not available until 6:30am. You can walk i mile up Sunset to the Starbucks which opens at 5:30. The hotel lacks a quiet location for business discussions. I placed a 5:00am wake-up call so I could make my east coast flight. The wake up call never came. I woke up 45 minutes after the desire time and rushed for my flight home. You get the picture. This is not a business centric hotel.
5	Hyatt Regency Scottsdale Resort & Spa at Gainey Ranch is a very modern and comfortable hotel, decorated in a contemporary style. Location is not the best - it is right off the highway, but the hotel itself is quite nice. I especially liked the hotel restaurant on the top floor. The restaurant is highly recommended! Food is much better than you would expect in a hotel.
4	The valet parking was a bit of a pain. There was a wedding the weekend we stayed so every time we needed the car, it took awhile, as there were a lot of people. This wouldn't discourage me from staying there. The restaurant was great with spectacular views of LA. BE ADVISED... The toilet and shower are in a separate room, next to the sink vanity. There is no door to the sink and the door to the toilet/shower is blurred glass. You can't see through clearly, but you can definitely see through! So if you are staying with your partner, no issue. But if you are staying with a business associate or friend, it is a bit uncomfortable and weird.
5	The hotel is beautiful and very well located, with easy access to various attractions of Scottsdale and access to freeways. Polite and helpful. It offers free wi-fi of excellent quality and free valet parking. Upon arriving I was told that the reserved king room was not available and there was only room with possibility of two common double beds. When I complained and questioned since he had made the reservation with SIX months in advance, I was offered as an option switch Hotel (hi?!?). The "box" of the bathroom was a horrible old fabric curtain that wet part of the bathroom.
4	There is so much to do just around that area. It was my husband's first time in AZ and I was concerned he would be missing out on the Hollywood experience and vibe by staying downtown. Years ago the downtown area wasn't the most tourist friendly but now it's a vibrant place filled w great restaurants and cafes. The Grammy museum, right around the corner was something else! Absolutely worth the price of admission and the hotel in general was a great place to stay when in downtown. The service was spectacular and the 1st floor bars are a great place to kick back.
5	From the moment you are greeted by multiple hosts at the front desk, to the quality and size of the rooms and restaurant/bar areas, this hotel is an exceptional place to attend a convention. Great location; great amenities, great people watching lobby. The only minor challenge was with internet access in the room. While free, the access was slow and not up to par.
4	Good location if you need to be downtown LA. Service was excellent and rooms were spacious and clean.
2	The hotel ground and pool area is pretty nice and well kept . The staff are friendly but not so helpful. For instance gave us no advise of where to walk the dog or which areas we're supposed to keep the dog away from. Also when we scheduled the room service for the next day( you have to let them know if you have a dog in the room in advance) and took the dog for a walk and came back and the room wasn't cleaned after 2 hours. The rooms are dusty and don't feel clean . The carpets in the rooms and hallways are old and don't look or feel clean. The air conditioner in the rooms wasn't working And they brought us a floor heater which wasn't enough to keep the room warm in the cold winter.The  4 paws program costs $150 per 6 day stay and all they gave us was an old dirty pet bed and a pet dish which we didn't think was clean to use .The towels in the room were old and felt like they've been used for many many years. Overall the ground and the pools were the nicest part of the hotel and the rooms were the worst part of the hotel did not feel like a five star hotel. Oh and the beds are super uncomfortable and so as the pillows. We were here for our first year wedding anniversary and it was noted in the reservation but not once was acknowledged. The food is pricey and not really worth it . Two orders of salmon and a guacamole and chips starter cost us almost $70 . The next day we went out and shopped for dinner.
3	We stayed for a couple of days while visiting family in the Phoenix area. The facility and grounds are beautiful. The pools were easily enough to keep my nephew busy all day. Staff was helpful and engaging.Could only give 3 stars due to attention to the little things. For instance, we ordered dinner from the bar and it took about an hour (though the server apologized). Then, we noticed the burger my wife ordered was lacking the sweet onion jam it listed. The server said we must have read an old menu and it wasn't offered any more. And my cheese plate was lacking the spiced nuts (they were out).I saw pieces of candy wrappers in the hallway that made it thru the night and were still present in the morning. And then there was the big ol' fake eyelash stuck to a base board in our bathroom.....I'd come back, though. We got a nice deal thru Hotwire and it was very much worth what we paid. It really is a nice place to relax. But, it wasn't as top notch as other Hyatt's we've enjoyed...
5	Our 3 night stay at the Hyatt Regency in Scottsdale was nothing but wonderful and awesomeness perfected. The amenities they provide to make your stay comfortable - like getting a almost commercial strength steamer, makeup remover wipes which are the ones that surprised me. The staff is always ready for providing service with a smile and eagerness.We stayed there to attend a wedding, and I sure thing that I will do this again for a fun vacation too.
5	We stayed here for 3 nights and had an excellent experience. We were actually in Scottsdale for a wedding, which was at the hotel, so we decided to stay here as well.Unfortunately, we didn't really use many of the Resort's amenities because we were busy and it was cold, but the service was what really stood out. The staff was able to provide us with a number of items we forgot, such as deodorant, make up remover, and more. They even got us a clothing steamer, which was amazing, because we brought a number of formal evening wear which we needed to decrinkle. The room was nice, clean, and a good size for a family of four (2 queen beds, I believe). The wedding was excellent as well - the actual wedding being in a very pretty area outside, and the reception being in the ballroom. The hotel did an excellent job accommodating a large, loud, festive, Indian wedding.
5	Hotel bar and restaurant views are outstanding. I had a very pleasant stay here in Scottsdale. The service was excellent and the hotel hallways/ lobby was very clean and well designed.
5	We stayed the week of New Years and it was fabulous. We came from Chicago just to relax and unwind. The room was spacious for 2 adults, complete with a rain head shower in the bathroom.The restaurants were all very good and on several evening we sat outside by the fire pit and ate dinner. Then we ordered drinks and continued sitting with no interruptions. The swimming pools, slide and jacuzzi are all fun and look just like the picture. However, for a more relaxed environment, take a lounge chair in the adult section, very peaceful. The wait staff is very attentive and not overbearing. The grounds and lobby are decorated to the highest level of beauty imaginable. The lobby has a ginger bread house the size of a one car garage.Parking is free if you park or they offer valet service for $28 per day.The evenings are special in the lower level atrium lobby. Live music is performed by different artists each night. In the spring and summer, their glass folding doors are completely opened and we sit outside and enjoy the stars and music.We usually stay at the Biltmore, J.W. Marriott or Princess hotels and decided it was time to extend our stay here. We are very glad we chose the Hyatt Gainey Ranch we will return and would highly recommend. Thank you to everyone there who made our New Years very special.
