5	One of the few places that was open for Christmas and what a unexpected present! My bar manager at Fez used to manage for the this restaraunt and suggested we all go in a group. Now, pulling into this place it looked like it would be some hole in the wall restaraunt. It was all black on the outside, so you couldn't  see in and it was in a strip mall!! But let me tell ya, when you walk in there is an immediate change of heart as soon as you see the fountain waterfall in front of you. It had the traditinal round table and lazy susan so everyone can share meals. I enjoyed EVERYTHING and I was so happy that the Shrimp was the big juicy kind and there were plenty of them! I hate when you go to restaraunts and get  those little shrimp that looked like they were the last  few in the bag that  they bought at safeway!We tried the filet mingon(spelling?), walnut shrimp, and plenty other stuff I cannot remember the names of. I was afraid of trying the walnut shrimp but so glad I did! All the flavors were yummy, nothing to overbearing with sauces. The waitress was right on point as well. Matt (my bar manager) worked with her when he was there and told me almost all the staff was the same. When you have that at a restraunt you know their doing something right! The owner even came out and was a really nice man, and asian!! (I've worked at Zen32, he's not asian!LOL)So... DO Go here if your close in the area, it will be one of your favs!
2	Three friends and I went for lunch today. I don't think we'll go back unless we hear about improvements.I had the "General Chicken" lunch combo for $7.50. The hot and sour soup was so-so, but I had to add their "sweet sauce" to make it interesting. Although the obligatory chili icon indicate this was a spicy dish, the General Tso's chicken had zero heat and very little flavor. If I had to guess, I'd say it was just colored corn syrup for sauce. The crab puffs we're big and packed... with dried, crumbled blah inside. I didn't bother eating the second one. My friend who ordered the same dish agreed that everything was "eh". The other two weren't impressed with their chow-mein or the Shanghai Club special.The decor is nice: dark, comfortable atmosphere with tasteful water fountains and traditional Chinese instruments on display. The staff was great, too bad the food is weak.
3	I went to the Shanghai Club for dinner recently with my BF... it was a weeknight and we chose it based on location and the fact that I felt like Chinese Food.  (It's conveniently located right off of the 101 and Shea in the Pima Crossing shopping center).  I'd been once before and it was decent so I was open to going again.  Since my last visit (which I realize now was over a year ago), they remodeled the place... it's actually a step up from what I remembered in terms of decor.  The service was attentive although the atmosphere was pretty quiet.  It was perfect for what were in the mood for: a quick, casual dinner.  We started with a bowl of Wor Wonton Soup for 2... I liked it because it had a generous amount of shrimp, chicken, veggies, and wontons inside a light broth.  I ordered the Spicy Eggplant and J went with the Thai Curry Chicken (and we shared both).  Portions were pretty big but we managed to eat almost everything... We both agreed that the Spicy Eggplant was much better than the Thai Curry Chicken; I'd suggest going to a Thai Restaurant for Thai Food and going with a more traditional Chinese entree if you visit Shanghai Club.Overall, Shanghai Club is just above average... I will return eventually... but it's never going to be a regular in our restaurant rotation!****For healthy eaters, Shanghai Club offers steamed dishes served with sauce on the side and brown rice too - you gotta love that!
3	Came here last week on lunch because Asian food sounded good.  I bypassed the Bamboo Club because it had 'Bistro' underneath the title, which as we all know - means its slightly more expensive than other places.  Either way I was glad I came here. I got the Shrimp & Chicken Hunan Style because it was a lunch special, and I like spicy food.  I was pleased with the decision and the atmosphere and staff.  The food was just spicy enough to call it Hunan and the veggies and meat where both done just right.  The bathroom's are fun because they are single rooms, so you should lock the door behind you. I did not, and I was washing my hands when I looked up and saw a business man about to whip out his Ding-Dong when he saw me.  It was awkward. He must have had to really go because he barely waited for me get out of the way for him to take care of business....
4	Every time I've made the lengthy trip out to the Shanghai Club I've been for the most part impressed by their restaurant.The owner always seems to make an appearance and greet us upon walking in, the weekend bartender waits on us so cordially it's become habit to sit as close to the bar as possible. And the food always seems to surprise my GF and I in the best of ways! (minus one orange beef :[)This small restaurant is a real gem;behind the opaque black glass doors there are all sorts of locally made art and traditional chinese instruments mounted upon the walls, the only real downside is the small one person bathrooms that have the habit of being quite unkempt. All in all The Shanghai Club is a real gem, chances are if it hasn't been directly recommended to you, you might never stumble upon it! 4 out of 5!
4	I went here for dinner on a Thursday night.  The place was mostly dead which I liked.  The service was very fast and friendly which was also very good.  The menu is pretty typical for a Chinese type restaurant in Phoenix and so are the prices.  The food was very good especially the hot & sour soup, the sa cha beef, and the fried rice.  We ordered soup, 3 entrees, 1 fried rice, and 1 lo mein and the bill was very reasonable for all that food at only about $60.  If I am ever in the area again and have a hankering for some Chinese food, then I would not hesitate to return.
4	THIS PLACE IS NOW CLOSED.The food definitely deserves a good rating tho.  They had great lunch specials.  Service was always quick and friendly.  Prices were spot on.I MISS YOU SHANGHAI!  COME BACK
5	This used to be my favorite Chinese restaurant, but it closed down thanks to the crappy Bamboozle Club that opened in the same plaza. Phoenix residents wouldn't know a good Chinese restaurant if it bit them in the a__!
