5	I had brunch here, and the most delicious chilaquiles I have ever eaten.  Great coffee, great juice, and the sandwiches are also delicious.  I love the service and the atmosphere, it is incredibly friendly and warm.  A few of our friends from Mexico city brought us here, and it also has epicerie upstairs with some of their favorite comfort foods.  A must try.
3	I actually got a little excited when I spotted a new place that serves up Mexican/South American cuisine in a city that is sorely lacking such establishments.The entrance is situated between floors, head upstairs to visit a small deli (with bakery) that sells a few specialty food items from South America.  Restaurant seating, at least for dinner, is downstairs though I suppose you could opt for the bar stools in the window if being on display is your thing. They really nailed the menu with a dinner set for two that includes one soup, one salad, an appetizer, and a small portion of three different mains for about $45 with tips and taxes.  We were worried that there wouldn't be enough food, it turned out to be more food than we could finish.The tortilla soup got us off to a rough start, I'm not an expert, but the thick and crunchy tortilla chips were taking a tepid bath in some tomato based dish water.  The mango salad came with a great portion of fresh greens and was loaded with semi-defrosted mangoes straight from Costco. Next up were some little beef taquitos served with a nice creamy guacamole.The main course arrived on a tray with three bowls, one of chicken mole, one of spicy beef, and bowl of guacamole shrimp.  After a short wait the waiter did bring us a scoop of rice and a small stack of tortillas.  The mains were great.  The mole was rich but maybe a touch too sweet, the beef was tender and spicy, and they didn't skimp on the shrimp.  Sadly they nuked the tortilla shells just before serving them. I liked the concept and some of the food, but so disappointed that they cut corners.  I want to like this place and I want to go back but the watery soup, frozen mangoes, and nuked tortillas really make it hard for me to justify a meal that costs more than $20 per person.
1	Mango in salad still frozen. Cactus in salad from a can and briny. Received my ap at same time as friend's main, my main came 10 minutes later. Slow but enthusiastic service. Clearly passionate about authentic Mexican; small store with Mexican products onsite. Overpriced. Left annoyed.
3	Nice restaurant, if only they paid more attention. My cactus salad... came as the mango salad, which had mango so cold that it was almost frozen. It was one of two mishaps because the waiter was just not paying enough attention to the order. On the other hand the food was quite tasty (except that mango) and they certainly served up more than enough food. Which is surprising, because usually when you order a shrimp dish they often don't serve enough. Considering how difficult it is to find even passable Mexican food in Montreal, this is a nice choice and tasty.
1	The food has no taste. Very bland. The guacamole has parm cheese on top and is creamy. The fajitas were covered in cheese. There was no taste!
4	Having moved recently from Texas, I had to be bullied into going here. I'm glad I was. Less mainstream Mexican and more Mayan/Yucatan style food, I've been looking for a place like this since I toured Mexico years ago. A more delicate approach to the cuisine with pumpkin seeds, lightly prepared chopped eggs, etc, it may not be for everyone who's used to a bash in the face from their greasy mexi-like post-bar food. Had some fantastic soup, some great enchiladas and will be back.
4	Been a few times for lunch. Also once ordered for ten people once and they delivered to our office. Everyone liked it. I like their sopa de tortilla the most. I've had better 3 leches cake  but it still hit the spot. The food is definitely Mexican; none of that tex-mex crap. I always grab some items at their little Mexican grocery store upstairs. Provecho!
4	This place reminds me alot of the mom and pop family restaurants in Mexico.  A taco bell this is not, the dishes taste authentic and all the classics are served.
5	We went there in a very particular mood, as we were visiting a dying relative at Notre-Dame hospital. We just walked aimlessly until we spotted this cozy looking restaurant.I had a tortilla soup, which was very tasty and the chicharrons were very good. As a main dish, my chicken burritos was well garnished and satisfying. Overall, the experience was great, service was stellar (it was middle of the afternoon and only a handful of patrons were there) and the price was modest. Very good value and I would definitely go back if I happen to be in the area again.
3	Good quality food,  unfortunately the service was lacking. Our waiter was surprised that I wanted a second drink.  I actually had to call him over because the empty glad on the edge of the table didn't catch his attention.
