1	Please don't consider staying here unless you're literally hellbent on spending your last dollar on gambling, and not your physical well-being.
2	This place is under new management and is now called Budget Budget Suites. My husband and I had to stay here while we searched for a house last year. It was an experience, but it was also cheap. It's furnished with major appliances (bed, fridge, stove, couch, tv, etc) and renters can choose to pay weekly or monthly. Utilities are included in the base rate as well.There is no maid service and be aware that you have to bring/purchase things like linens, pots, pans, plates, etc. You can choose to rent these things from Budget Budget as well if you don't want to buy them. Pros: The staff is very friendly and kind. We stayed for a month and a half and by the end I knew everyone by name and they knew me. The manager is very kind and can be lenient with some things if you are a good tenant. It does have a nice swimming pool and hot tub, both which are cleaned daily and kept in good condition. Parking is free and there is a grocery store within walking distance. They do have a laundry room with 6 washers and 6 dryers. Not quite enough for the whole floor, but if you time your days right you can get in and out with no troubles. Remember to bring quarters though, as the machines are coin operated. Cons: The mattress was the hardest mattress I ever slept on. After the first night my back was so stiff and sore. If you are going to stay here for any length of time, I suggest heading to Walmart and picking up a mattress topper. The place was a bit on the dirty side as well. I walked into the kitchen the very first day and my feet were black by the time I walked out. The tub was gross looking as well. The room had dust or pet dander or something because my husband and I were sneezing our entire stay. By far the worst thing was the bed bugs. Yes, the room we got had bed bugs. At first we thought we had mosquito bites, but then we learned Vegas doesn't really have mosquitos. By the time we figured it out, we were just a few days from moving out anyway so we toughed it out. (And then thoroughly cleaned ALL our luggage and clothes, and threw out all the bedding we used while there.) The only real reason I am giving this place even 2 stars is because I loved the staff there. If you are hard up on cash and don't mind some bugs and a little bit of dirtiness then this place will do fine.
5	Visited a few friends at this location- did not stay here. Property is well maintained and the staff was quite courteous.
