3	Been going here my entire life! Enjoy the staff, and the rapport i have built with my doctor.
1	I was charged for a exam/referral when I told them before my appointment that I didn't want a referral - I wanted diagnosis and treatment - otherwise, I'd go directly to the higher-priced specialist. They assured me 3 times that I could get diagnosis and treatment in-office, but at my appointment, they ended up just giving me a referral to a specialist anyway. I would easily have just gone directly to a specialist if they hadn't confirmed 3 times that I could get the diagnosis and treatment I needed in-office. This billing practice is extremely shady. Frances M. (billing administrator) - you know that what you've done is shady. I'm calling you out on it.
1	No stars would be ideal.We have been going here for a couple of years (my husband and myself). For starters, it's true they seem to opt to refer you to specialist unless you have a simple cold or allergy and all you need is an Rx.  Never really had any issues, would go there once or twice a year for mainly seasonal allergies, when benadryl wasn't cutting it. Until last year, when my daughter had a very persistent ear infection.  I was too lazy to drive to Scottsdale to see her pediatrician, so I decided to bring her in, since they have same day appts. So I brought  her in, with a fever and very irritable, her ears were seriously inflamed and she was in a lot of pain, I explained she's had that for a couple of weeks, and I felt she needed antibiotics at this point.  I understand most ear infections are viral and all we can do is wait.... well, instead I received an earful on how "she" is the doctor and "she will determine whether or not to give me a prescription", etc... she also commented on my daughter having bruises on her legs, asking me if "who was the primary care taker?" which is me.  "Is daddy at home?, does dad have a drinking problem?, does anybody at home have anger management issues???" Seriously??? was she implying we beat our child???? I explained how she's VERY active, at the time she was taking ice skating lessons, dance and tumbling and she had just gotten back from a ski trip.  I came home very angry, no prescription (paid copay) and, in the back of my head, fearing CPS would show up at my door at any moment after that very unpleasant experience.  Well, as it turned out, my daughter had LEUKEMIA!!!! the fever, bruises and constant infections, paleness, lack of appetite, low energy and extreme irritability were all signs of that, which if she had done a proper medical history and thorough physical examination, she might have ordered basic labs, instead of jumping to conclusions and talking down to me.  I ended up going to her pediatrician a few days later and found out that same day her lab results, etc.  We were referred to Phoenix Children's for immediate admittance/treatment.  She is doing well now, still in treatment, but outcome looks good (no thanks to these people)After all we've been through I am much more "selective" when it comes to picking a healthcare provider for ANYONE in our family (including our pets!).I did call them back to let them know what they did, how they turned me away and talked down to me etc. And how they failed to diagnose something rare, but as it  turns out, incredibly easy to diagnose... such a simple blood test you can do with a finger poke!  Who ever answered the phone was (as I expected) incredibly uninterested, didn't say sorry, didn't even wish us well.  Just basically said, we don't have to go back if we don't want to.  Showed absolutely no empathy, which is NOT what a good practitioner is about.
