5	Dr. Angel is friendly and provides excellent service.  The office is absolutely beautiful.  Not institutional like most other doctor/dentist offices.  The staff is also very friendly.   Overall, a great experience.
5	Dr. Angel's office is amazing. Her staff is very personable, skilled and efficient with clients' time. They use sonic picks and digital imaging which provides for a speedy, comfortable service. Dr. Angel is a skilled dentist who seeks a minimalist approach, rather than immediately pushing surgery our other high dollar procedures. I've never had a billing issue and my appointments have always been on time.
5	This dentist is awesome!  My 91 year old father lives in an assisted living home and hadn't worn his bottom dentures for 3 years because they hurt.  Former dentists couldn't get it right.  I had to find a dentist that would go to his home since he was not ambulatory.  I stopped in to Dr. Angels office.  She took time to discuss my situation and since he lived across the street from her office, she offered to go visit him and evaluate the situation.  She did and was able to fix the problem with ease.  She checks on him regularly now, too.  He also broke one of the denture's front tooth.  She came over, took an impression, took the denture to the lab and brought back the repaired denture the same day!  The work was perfect!  Her demeanor with patients is excellent.  And her charges are very fair.  I highly recommend this dentist.
5	The entire stellar staff and office was really impressive! Very friendly and professional. The dentist was very personable and made me feel at ease. I'm so happy to have found this dentist! I will recommend them to everyone I know :)
5	My husband and I have been patients at Angel Dentistry for over 5 years now. They work very hard to keep your appointments on time which I really appreciate. I feel that I receive honest feedback from the staff... they can tell when I've been drinking too much wine LOL (the stains prove it). I've never felt as if I'm being pushed into any type of procedure that isn't needed. Dr. Angel has told me straight up "Your teeth are looking good - we are going to watch this tooth right here so ensure you are flossing around it and brushing it regularly so it doesn't turn into a cavity". All the staff is nice and professional. Just an all-around great dentist office.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!   I have been going to Angel Dentistry for  general dentistry as well as specific concerns (eg. crown).  Dr. Angel and her staff are exemplary!  From the pleasant greeting upon entering to the entire experience I know they concerned about the best possible dental experience.  Dr. Angel is thorough, listening to concerns, and following through with suggestions to best remedy what is needed.  Her staff is excellent...there is communication throughout routines.. (for example during cleanings)..so you are aware of procedures.. Her office ambience is pleasing and immaculate.  I have had bad experiences with dentists...so it is indeed unusual for me to look forward to going to a dentist!!  But i do!!
5	I have been seeing Dr. Angel now for 5 years.  She has always been honest with me about the services I needed.  Never trying to talk me into services I do not need.  I have since brought my 2 children to Dr. Angel and she has always been patient and good with my kids.  Her staff always smiles when they see all 3 of us coming in.  We usually come in all at the same time and the service we receive is always pleasant and respectful.  I tell everyone I know to go see Dr. Angel for great dentist care.
5	I have personally been a patient at Dr. Angel's for several years. They accommodate my busy schedule, they have a beautiful office, professional staff, and Dr. Angel is wonderful. They make a visit to the dentist pleasant!
5	This dentist is awesome!  She and her staff are all gentle and thorough.  They go out of there way to take care of their patients.  I am so glad I started going to this dentist!
5	Angel Dentistry is awesome!  Nobody likes going to the dentist but Dr. Angel's staff and her expertise make it the most enjoyable dental visit you will have.  I have never walked away from her office unhappy with the outcome of my dental work.  I recommend her to all of my friends.
5	I'm a retired medical doctor and have been a patient of Angel Dentistry for several years. Dr Angel is the best dentist I have ever had,and everyone in her practice is friendly and competent. I never hesitate to recommend Angel Dentistry to anyone who asks me about my experience with local dentists.
5	Dr Angel has been our family Dentist for 4 years now and I can say she and her staff our the best Dental experience we have every had.  A very Professional Dentist and very nice person as well.  Do yourself a favor and make an appointment for yourself and see.
5	I have to say, I love this place! I found them on Yelp of all places because I was looking for a dentist close to my apartment. I been there twice now, and the care is consistently above and beyond my expectations. Everyone from the front desk receptionist to Dr. Angel herself is phenomenal. The staff is friendly, and they offer loads of information regarding dental health. The clinic looks relatively new, in each room has its own unique design. The first room I was in when I went in November was a baseball themed room, and today there was a map in the room. They also have a kids' room a cartoon drawings on the wall. They have full panoramic x-rays available. They were even able to refer me to an oral surgeon when I need my wisdom teeth pulled. If you need a dentist be sure to go see them. you won't be disappointed!
5	Love this place!   My 11 yo daughter who is down right terrified of dentists absolutely LOVED Dr. King (Dr. Angel was on maternity leave).   Very nice, cool, young, and awesome.   I'm even changing who I see to do to Angel Dentistry.
5	It's hard for me to give 5 stars to a dentistry, because I hate going to the dentist.  But I'm going to be fair and really they are as good as it gets.The location is very convenient for me and the place looks clean and nice inside, unlike other dentists I have been to here in Phoenix. The staff members are friendly and professional. Waiting times are under 10 min and they gave me an appointment for the same week when I called.The dentist and assistant are knowledgeable and made my visit there as comfortable as possible.I'm so glad to have found a family dentist that I like. I will be back there soon for check up and cleaning.
