1	Originally I wasn't going to even bother writing about my experience at Brutus, however a friend of mine posted his disdain with the restaurant on their Facebook and was met with ridicule. So here's is my very unhappy review of my experience at this establishment. My boyfriend and I showed up a bit ahead of our group; we were to be six in total. The hostess told us a table would be available in twenty minutes. 15 minutes later a waiter came to get us to bring us to the back of the restaurant to a great booth that would have been perfect because unlike the noisy restaurant the back was secluded and quiet. We sat down after a little confusing from patrons already seated in the back (they had to move over to the smaller booth cause they were only three) we ordered drinks and waited; our friends showed up and were ready to order drinks when we were told we needed to move to another table to set a bigger group in the back, they proceeded to squish us into a both that clearly didn't fit six . We ordered drinks again and proceeded to look at the menu; which was mediocre at best the grilled cheese is pre-made and they didn't have any pizza pockets left, only the veggie option. Why does a bacon restaurant offer veggie options. Odd. But ok. We asked for bacon on the side, which we never got and we ordered the ten dollar bacon bowl which is so deceiving cause you don't see it, it's covered by the bowl (not how is was Advertised in the paper) the waiter gave up on us, clearly not caring if we liked our food or needed more drinks. Seeing as our drinks sat on the bar for about 15 minutes. Once the waiter delivered out drinks he spilt one drink on our friend and didn't apologize and was more concerned with cleaning up the floor. Overall really not impressed. What made me actually write this review was after my friend posted on Facebook the person In charge of the Facebook page posted a link of justin Bieber's song baby. My friend replied asking if they were trying to insult him and they replied with a "what it's a good song" Really not impressed with this restaurant. Don't even bother going here it's definitely over hyped and not worth it
3	ah brutus, the bacon mecca..great concept, falls a bit short. not for a lack of trying though.i went on opening day and went back a couple more times to revisit what i got previously.place is nice with a bar and couple of tables at the front and bigger tables/booths in the back with a more intimate feel. as for me, i enjoyed sitting at the bar and just admiring the barmen handy work.the food:- the jagerpoutine was tasty enough with a touch of sweetness (from the onions) and saltiness with the bacon. definitely the best of the bunch- bacon donut was way too sweet and the icing was too runny and simply too much. you barely detect the bacon topping. i still believe trou de beigne has the best bacon donut out there- waffle dog was too plain. its hotdog in a waffle batter. comes with mustard dip. it lacked that kick to really stand out. it could probably have use some maple syrup or bacon fat with the dip- the hot pig was good. came with a side of fries. it was all pork flavored but i was led to believe, from the picture, it'd come wrapped in bacon. it wasn't. disappointingdrinks: all the drinks i got were well made and boozy enough for me. some prefer more booze, it was fine for me. they are interesting enough and not too expensiveservice: being seated at the bar, service was prompt and fast enough so i didn't had the same problem as certain yelpers. even on opening night which was freaking hectic, service was promptall in all, its a decent place to go kill time and enjoy some bacon and drinks. i wouldn't consider it a must or a weekly place unless the food is improved/tweaked
2	so now, they are showing hockey games on hockey nights.. its not like we are lacking in places to see games around town..
5	Awesome ambience. Awesome food. Definitely want to go back because literally every food item is a must-try.
