5	Last Exit is a great place to see some of Arizona's finest local talent perform. You'll find bands like Violet Wild, Let Go, Source Victoria, Authority Zero and Ghetto Cowgirl rocking out at this super intimate live music venue, which features a small patio with misters. Up-and-coming national acts also grace the stage and you'll see the local music celebrity from time to time such as Robin Wilson of the Gin Blossoms or Roger Clyne of Roger Clyne & The Peacemakers. The beer is very cheap here and the bartenders are awesome.
4	I visited Last Exit for the first time, last Saturday, for our website Anniversary Party.  Everything ran smoothly thanks to management and the help of the "spot on" sound guy, Jack. Although this is a rather small venue, the layout was very accomodating, with an adorable patio area.  Pool table was a plus and the lounge area showcased some INCREDIBLE photos (AKA The FU Exhibit) taken by my favorite Phoenix Photog, Saki Photography.Overall it was awesome, of course the music was amazing (they were all our good friends), and the atmosphere was perfect for MY good time. How was yours?~2
4	Went to the Last Exit to see Shelby James and the Crying Shames play last night.   I thought it had a cozy comfortable vibe. It was my first time to the club and I enjoyed myself.  The club is a few doors down from REI in the corner of a strip mall, plenty of parking and w/easy freeway access.  The main entrance to the club is through a small smoking patio ringed by misters with a half dozen high tables, roll out bar, and on this particular night, an ice block "luge" for taking shots.   Off to the side there's a hole in the wall pizza place that you can enter without having to leave the patio. I love being outside on the patio during the warm desert summer nights, so having the patio is a plus for me.  It's also an opportunity to give your ears a break from high volume levels when the band is playing.   The water pump for the misters should probably be moved up on the roof and out of earshot however.  Listening to that thing hammer away all night takes away from some of the ambience. Inside the club I remember it being exceedingly *dark*, which suits me just fine.  From what I could make out in the blackness, the decor was spartan, understated, and more or less contemporary.  The men's room smelled bad, but it wasn't a disaster.  There was no lock on the door though, god forbid you had to drop an "emergency deuce" cause you'd be putting on a show for all the bystanders outside.  Overall, the place is pretty nice and not your typical shithole music dive.There is a full bar and a decent selection of beers on tap, but the major downside here is that draft beers are served in clear plastic cups.   So my first drink of the night, a Kiltlifter draft, got warm prematurely.  After that I switched to a shot of Hornitos Sauza to sip while knocking back a salvo of Pacificos for the rest of the night.  I didn't have any mixed drinks so I can't comment on how the pour is.  Beers were $4 IIRC, wells approx $5.   Door cover is usually ~$5-10 weekend nights, $15 for out of town acts, no cover weeknights.  The sound was good, and pretty f'ing loud if you ask me.  Bring earplugs if you don't want to sustain temporary hearing damage and a bout of tinnitis the next morning.  So far as the crowd goes, it was a good mix, easily more than half female, undoubtedly due in part to the good looks of lead singer Shelby James.   I'd say it was mostly late 20s-30s.  Everybody we talked to was cool, no attitudes, creepiness or aggression from what I could tell, aside from a brief spat of drama with a couple of girls out on patio later in the night. The staff was friendly, good humored, and attractive.All in all a nice night out.
5	The Phoenix scene is here.  If you are in a band and you are good you play here.
5	I've really only been for monday karaoke, but have done this probably several dozen times. The staff Is ok with Flaming finger statue of liberty shots, and slides beers down the bar saloon style, even when it is not 80's night. Prices are not really memorable, but like anywhere, can vary depending on boozes preferred. The patio is pretty big, able to be smoked and drunken on. There are mostly tall tables, which is not so much a bonus as much as exclusively low tables is sucky. I just wish there were more of them. The bathroom also needs to be addressed. There is treadplated metal decor. This is not a friendlly place to poo, but the shout out to Palmdale more than makes up for it.It is impossible to overpraise NickStar Karaoke. In this outlet, the participants have more interest in show tunes than in others, but most of the music chosen is pretty fun, with an awesomely low amount of  country and downers.
