5	Owner operated, knowledgeable, prompt & always willing to dispense plumbing options. I've hired MNS for all my residential/commercial remodels, over the past 8 years.
5	What a great company. Sooo much more professional than most of the other plumbers in the Valley. Their followup is unparalleled. Thanks MNS Plumbing!
5	Thank you so much for coming out so quickly!!  I really appreciate all that you did for us.  You made this terrible situation manageable.  I will recommend you to anybody and everybody!
5	MNS is a great family owned company!  Mark and Bonnie are fantastic to work with and I highly recommend using them!
5	MNS Plumbing is the best place to call if you are looking for plumbers in Phoenix.  Bonnie is very friendly and knowledgeable.  I would highly recommend using MNS Plumbing!
5	Great staff & very friendly! Most importantly, they are knowledgeable in what they do. Highly recommend!
1	If I could rate this business a "0" I would. Steer clear of this business! Here is what happened:MNS Plumbing/Bonnie,II spoke with you late yesterday about a service order from my home warranty company to come out and repair/replace a leaking water heater.  My home warranty company contacted you because this was an emergency and you stated that you could be at my property by 5pm.  At 5:30pm I contacted you and you stated that you did not receive a work order from First American. I told you I had the work order and provided that to you. You then stated you needed an email but would call the home warranty company.  During this call you asked me specific questions about the type of water heater that I had. (electric/gas, size, make/model, warranty).  You told me you would call in the morning after the technicians 8:30am service call. I called you at 8:30am, 9:30am and left messages in which no one returned my call. I then called again at 10:45am (from a different phone line in which you answered the phone) I  spoke with you and you said give me 15 minutes and I will call you back.  After 45 minutes I called my Home Warranty company where they put me on hold and contacted you. You told them you did not service water heaters that big. I told the home warranty company it was not 80 gallons but 65 gallons so they called you back for service and then you stated that you do not work on water heaters at all.  I had to call my home warranty company back and before they could find me a new contractor they tried to reach you because all of their paperwork on file states that you do indeed service hot water heaters, not surprising you would not take their call or call them back. This is mind boggling, you did not have the common courtesy of calling me back, telling me that from the beginning? No, you didn't because you do service them and just did not want to take this job. The real disappointment is that you couldn't even tell me that, return a phone call so I could make other arrangements.  I now am going on 2 days of no water and flooding.  This is egregious and hardly how a company should be run.
