5	Bruce and his crew do an outstanding job of delivering great food and service.  I have hired Bruce and attended many events he has catered and they all have been perfect.  When he does events at your house, he'll leave it cleaner than when he arrived.  Superb!
5	My new hubby and I had the pleasure of working with Bruce for our recent wedding. We held our wedding in the backyard of a family member's home, and had about 150 guests attend. We decided to do only heavy h'or deurves, so Bruce came up with a menu that consisted of shrimp pesto pizzas, spanakopita, amazing grilled vegetables, a delicious spinach dip, assorted fruits and cheeses, and a carving station with the most delicious roast beef and rolls. The food was beautifully displayed and all of it tasted fantastic. We also had two open bars in separate areas of the yard and, of course, they were a big hit. His staff was extremely professional and attentive. Not once did an empty plate sit too long on a table, or a serving tray remain empty. I have to recommend Bruce and his team to anybody looking for spectacular catering. Bruce will work with you and get you exactly what you want, and assure you he will take care of everything. Not to worry, Bruce lived up to and exceeded his standards. It truly shows that he takes great pride in his excellent service. We couldn't have been happier.
5	Just catered another event with Bruce...  He put together a great buffet for our open house...  I highly recommend you splurge and go for the chocolate fountain... it has a lot of WOW!! factor
5	I've not hired Bruce, but have attended a few events which were catered by his company. Each one had a different theme - casual Hawaiian bbq, cocktail hour - and in each case, the food and service were just smashing. The professionalism of his staff - at the grill, at carving stations, at the bar, at pretty much any point of contact - was just incredible. The host (various relatives) never had to worry about timing, keeping plates full or guests satisfied. I frequently heard other guests commenting about how wonderful everything was. Not one complaint, at least within my earshot - and I am the pessimistic type to listen for those. =) When it is time to cater our own event, I will be calling Bruce.
4	I attended an event where Bruce Brown Catering did the food. It was really good! There was an excellent assortment of chilled and grilled fresh veggies, a simple and crisp Cesar salad with tons of croutons. Lasagna that looked good (I didn't have any). But one of my favorite parts of this catering set up was the biodegradable compost-able plastic wear, plates, cups, napkins.  I've seen them before and I commend catering companies that use them.  The set up was simple and attractive.  I also noticed on the business card I grabbed on my way out that they are located close to my home!  Coincidence? I think not!  :)
5	Being in business here in the valley for 30 years we have used many catering companies.  Bruce Brown Catering by far has provided us the best service, best staff and food you can only dream about!  I would recommend Bruce Brown Catering for all your events from 35-3500 people!  If you would like to know more about our amazing experiences with their company, please contact me directly at Debi Caron, dcaron@twns.com
5	We recently used Bruce Brown Catering for a small family event in our home over the 4th of July Weekend.  Upon entering our home we were blown away by the transformation of our living & kitchen into this beautiful party set up. (Highly recommend the fruit & cheese extravaganza). Bruce & his staff (especially Susan) were absolutely the best!  Whatever my requests were they were on top of it and made it all seem so easy :) There was never a dish left sitting empty or a glass for that matter! They were very attentive without being noticed.  They just blended right into our crowd. The food was great and the service was incredible! Our party went on later than we needed their services and they swooped everything up (unnoticed to my guests) and packed all leftovers into my refrigerator and silently snuck out of the door! I would use Bruce Brown again & again!  Thank you for helping us make this special event magical!!
5	We used Bruce for a Continuing Education Class for Architects and Designers at our Art Studio. Bruce made sandwich-based boxed lunches for our guests, and many guests commented that they were impressed with the quality AND the quantity. One of our guests commented that her veggie sandwich had more onions than she normally liked. We were very happy with the result and plan to use Bruce for all our catered events.
5	I've been to a few events that Bruce Brown has catered. Always incredible food. Always friendly staff.
5	Bruce catered my twin brother's and my 50th birthday party recently at my brother's home. The crew and Bruce were outstanding, accommodating, very friendly, and highly professional. They worked smoothly assuring the flow of the party was a success, given the colder than expected weather and need to move the food service to the inside. The bar service was top-notch. The food (Mexican theme) was outstanding and made a big hit with the guests. Bruce's attention to detail and commitment to the success of the party was obvious. Great smaller company with personal attention and quality food. I was impressed.
5	Bruce catered my daughters wedding and was amazing! Several of the guests came to me and said the food was really outstanding. The weather was terrible, it poured and Bruce had to move the catering station inside last minute, but he and all his staff were wonderful! Friendly, professional, and calm under pressure. The menu was fantastic everything from the passed hors d'oeuvres to the carving station, sides and salads were just fantastic! Bruce is very hard working and very committed to doing his best! It shows. Thank you for a wonderful event, I highly recommend Bruce Brown Catering.
5	The best BBQ in all of AZ! Try them, you'll love them!
5	Excellent food no matter the occasion, we have used Bruce many times and couldn't be happier with the service, quality,  and food.
5	I am not one to write reviews.....ever! However, my company recently hired Bruce Brown Catering for a 2 day event and they went above and beyond our expectations.  I wanted to give back to Bruce by recommending them to anyone needing a catering service. We are a very health conscious company and my role as a wellness coordinator is to make sure all meals we serve are healthy as this is our culture. I worked directly with Bruce to ensure our menu was healthy, yet delicious and they surpassed my expectations, not to mention his staff was wonderful, very professional and accommodating as well. I will definitely use them again and will refer them to anyone I know! Thank you!
