5	Freestone Park is a must-visit if you live in or near, or are visiting Gilbert. The 100-acre grounds are beautiful, featuring a man-made lake and waterfall. An 1880's replica miniature railroad takes a quarter-mile loop around the lake, affording a views of ducks and geese. Bring some bread if you dare (the ducks can be quite aggressive!).There are numerous picnic armadas, several separate playground areas -- so if one play area is being dominated by a snot-nosed bully, you can always move to a safer one. There are also basketball courts, sand volleyball pits, batting cages and a driving range, and a 22,000 square feet skate park.But wait! That's not all! There's also an antique carousel, mini-ferris wheel, and a tot-sized "wave runner." Although there is a fee for the train, batting cages, golf & the rides, it is on par or below what other equivalent amusements usually cost. Finally Freestone Park is an excellent place to slide down grassy hills on an ice block. Of course, that activity isn't officially sanctioned, so try-at-your-own risk :)
5	This park is amazing! I just recently moved from Mesa to Gilbert and boy...what a breath of fresh air to see the town put so much time into community. I was recently studying for a big test for work and I would come to this park during the daytime to sit outside and read. They have picnic benches all over the place and while school is in session, it was pretty quick on a weekday afternoon. Plus, its absolutely gorgous. Seems like it would be a great place for a family-oriented afternoon.
5	AH-MAZ-ING.I love this park. Too bad we met for the first time during my final week living in Phoenix. Otherwise, this park would have become a regular staple in my active life. Walking...running...basketball...tennis... They even have baseball cages and a skate park! Now, I probably wouldn't have done either of those, for fear of offing myself. But, hey, I love to watch and having both around brings a very cool vibe, you know? The walking/running sidewalk meanders around nice, calming waters. There's even some electrical outlets near the picnic/play area. So you can fire up the ol' laptop while you watch the kiddies play and chase each other around. So awesome. If I ever were to buy a home in the Phoenix area, this is the first place I'd consider - near this park, which is quite big for parks in Phoenix and, as mentioned before, offers an array of very fun things to do. Heck, there's even a path to ride horses on!Here's info on the skate park: http://www.ci.gilbert.az.us/parks/popups/skatepark.cfmEnjoy!
5	Freestone park weather is almost here!Pry their cold dead hands off that video game console and get them outside for some fun!From the train, to the ducks, fishing, the clean picnic area's or the batting cages and carousal there is something to do.Been here with my family and nieces and just in general while going to gilbert schools, always a nice experience !The nice weather is almost here!
4	This place is big! Has lots to do for the little one's. My little one loves the train and carousel. My hubby loves the batting cages! There's something for everyone here.
5	FAVORITE PARK YET!  You just have to be happy when you are in Freestone park... at the entrance there is a mini CARNIVAL with the cute ferris wheel, merry-go-round and kiddie train w/ railroad track that loops the entire park !  Make sure to watch the sunset on top of one of the formidable hills ... the carnival area lights up at night, which is really quite precious.  Its a huge park and happens to be celebration central... at least two quinceaneras and one wedding party there on a Friday afternoon.  Really lovely. Great place for a picnic and ICE BLOCKING, which is still just as fun as when you were a kid!  This park actually has hills tall enough for decent ice blocking :) *Don't forget to pack some bread to feed the smelly ducks in the lake*
5	I ride my bike through here most mornings listening to the hum of the power lines. This park has just about everything too. The batting cages are always fun.
5	This is a great park. It has a lot of room and a lot of open grass areas. If you are looking for a place to use your Summer Sled or go Ice Blocking, this is the place. The hills a steep and long. They also have several playgrounds and a train that goes around Freestone for the kids. On the East side of the park they have some softball fields, batting cages, and a skatepark. Everyone can have a good time.
5	This is one of the best places to do parkour.  I recommend this place for its various obstacles. This is a challenging place to work out.For families this is also a good park. The kids train and amusement park rides are neat and cost a small fee. You frequently see professional photos being taken here. Good for sports  activities. They even have a skate park and a large round area for meetings, like an old outdoor theatre set up.  However, I've never seen it used there. I've only seen it used for award ceremonies.Overall, this is a very multipurpose park.
5	Living in Gilbert has a Few Perks & Freestone is near the top for sure! If you need to get a run in, need to relax and feed the ducks, or just need a place to take the kids to release some energy this is a FANTASTIC place to go! The fact that they have Volleyball Courts, Batting Cages, Basket Ball Courts & Baseball Fields.... Makes this a VERY easy 5!
4	My FAVORITE park, it's less than a mile from home. It's very family friendly, has a skate park, volleyball, basketball, softball fields, batting cages, kids carnival, a fishable pond, soccer fields, vending machine, and a running trail around the park. Lots of Gilbert events are held here.  It's a nice place, especially when weather is nice out.
5	This park is beautiful! My son and I just had a photo session here and it has some amazing backgrounds for pictures. The lake, waterfalls, bridges, trees, it has a little bit of everything. It has a cute little "play" area for children, it has a carousel, a train that travels through the park, little boats and a tiny ferris wheel. You do have to buy tickets to ride the rides, but it's not too expensive. You can get a sheet of tickets for like $16 and that is enough to go on all the rides a few times! It is a cute little place to take your little ones. It is quite large so there is enough space for anything you're looking to do. There was a huge birthday party on one side while we were there and a wedding going on on the other side. I will definitely be going back to enjoy an afternoon with my little fella!
5	As others have said, this is a wonderful park for playing, picnicking, exercising, lounging, feeding ducks, etc.  If you plan to go on the rides, be sure to visit this website first http://www.freestonerr.com to get a coupon.  When I signed up on the mailing list, I got a buy 1, get 1 free all day ride band.
5	This is a great park to take the family and dog. If you like to lay in a hammock, there is a nice group of trees you can hang one up and relax!
2	Came here for an impromptu toddler birthday gathering - nothing fancy.  We each brought food to share with the other families.  The park is huge but we stayed within the "amusement park" area for the kids.  Signs clearly posted that no outside food or beverage was allowed since they had their own snack bar in there....so we were like well crap, we have all this food that we brought and we didn't want to eat outside in the park since the kids were all enjoying the rides....so yes, we broke the rules and ate inside where we weren't supposed to, right in front of the employee door in and out of the snack bar. And you know what? None of them cared. There were a handful of rides: Ferris wheel, ATV-like bikes that go in circles, the train that goes around the park and the carousel.  There were other rides that accepted coins - those typical ones you see outside of grocery stores.  For $9 you can get an unlimited wrist band and your child can ride unlimited.  Otherwise, they are a $1/ticket and the train itself is already $3.  We bought our son the $9 wrist band and he went on each ride at least 4 times so we got our monies worth.  Only thing was that they were probably high school kids that worked there under no supervision.  They were goofing off with each other most of the time, having water hose fights while cleaning the actual birthday party area.  The rides weren't always occupied by an employee - you'd have to stand in line and sometimes wave someone down to come over and let the kids in.  You can also buy a box of old popcorn for 50 cents to feed the ducks.  I don't know how healthy that is for them.Other than that, I wasn't too impressed by this park.  The McCormick Ranch Stillman Railroad park is by far better and cleaner.
5	This park is amazing!  You often see photo shoots going on since there are so many scenic areas.
3	We have visited this park a few times within the last year.  The park itself is very large with ponds and trails and some playground equipment.  That is all nice and fine. We enjoy the size of that area of the park.  But my criticism involves the amusement park section of this park.  It has a carousel, kids Ferris wheel, kids ride with ATVs that go around in a circle and a train that goes around the entire park.  The rides could all use a bit of cleaning and maintenance but the employees operating them are horrible.  They do not care and they have no customer service or social skills apparently.  On our visit on February 17, 2014, they seemed short-staffed (on a holiday no less when it was busy!) so they could not operate all four of the rides at once.  One of the park employees operating the rides was more concerned with her cell phone than running the rides.  We actually waited on the carousel until she finished looking at something by herself on her phone.  That was very disappointing.  I hope these people are not employees of the town of Gilbert. Their lack of caring also resulted in very equal ride lengths.  Sometimes the carousel went on for minutes but other times she only let it go around 3-4 times.  There were also a couple stationary rides in this area that operated with quarters instead of tickets, but unfortunately none of them worked.  Again, this was very disappointing for my kids.
5	The park that has it all. Scenic views, playground, sports fields, skate park, a train...A TRAIN!!!... for the kids, basketball, batting cages and a great trail to walk around the entire park. There is a beautiful duck pond and plenty of areas to sit and relax, bring some food or just enjoy the day.
5	I love this park a lot. Even though it's a short drive from my house, it's worth the trip. This place is pretty big. They have lakes soccer field and kiddie rides. Who doesn't like that? It's pretty relaxing here. Def keep coming back here hen I get a chance.
5	Don't come to Freestone.  I live next to Freestone, so I should know.  Don't believe the beautiful pictures you see of lush green fields and rolling hills.  The maps will show you the expansive trails where you can peacefully run for miles.  You'll see the sand volleyball courts, newly painted skate park, new basketball courts, multiple baseball fields, soccer fields, and the brand new playground they just finished.  It's a lie.   The duck ponds with the beautiful waterfall next to the tranquil picnic area?  It's a mirage.  Don't even begin to think about having a beautiful wedding here.  The other amazing pictures you see of happy couples with that phenomenal backdrop, standing over that one bridge with palm trees in the background and wildflowers?  That was certainly photo-shopped.  The bridge isn't even that nice.I live next to Freestone, so you should trust my review above all others.  I'd like to tell you to stay away from this pathetic excuse of a "Park".  You'll get an allergy attack that lasts all season if you visit Freestone. The Lorax died here and they didn't bury him.  He just rots and stinks the place up.   Have you ever smelled dead Lorax?   There are killer ducks here that will follow you home and terrorize your family with their black quackery.  This park will give your dog AIDS.  The ponds are infested with electric blood sucking microbial slugwugs that become air-born and enter your ear canals to breed.  They lay thousands of eggs that give you bad thoughts when they hatch.  There is no known cure for this.  It happened to me just last week.Also, the train is constantly being hijacked by ruthless Gilbert toddler outlaws who want to steal your snacks and lunch money.  Even if you don't plan to ride the train, no one is immune to their adorable crimes.  It doesn't even matter that Freestone is right next to the Gilbert Police station - those little thieves are ruthless.  And if you plan to take pictures here, they will all turn out bad, guaranteed overexposed, with poor lighting regardless of the time of day.  Leave your camera at home.  It's pointless.You should go to other parks in the area instead.  Ignore the other reviewers here that suggest Freestone is the best park ever.  I speak the truth.  I live next to Freestone, so I should know.
5	One of my favorite parks here in the valley!!! Awesome for kids and all ages!! Great place to workout!
4	Great place for the family. Lots of birds to watch. Little kids love the train and the carousel. Fun fun fun for the family
4	I finally visited this park after seeing the rave reviews and pictures on yelp. I think it is fantastic! Everything you can imagine is here at the park! A lake, with many ducks to feed, BBQ spots, plenty of acres of grass to play on, several playgrounds, batting cages, a skate park and even amusement rides.  I can't believe I haven't been here before! I will definitely come again. Great place for taking scenic pictures! My only con to this place was what everyone else was saying about the outdated amusement park, it could use a facelift. But come on! It is the best park around yet!
