5	Best $5 pizza money can buy!!!
1	You only come here for one reason....the $5 large cheese pizza. It's carry out only and anyone who lives within a 4 block radius of this place knows all about this. The pizza isn't that great but if it's midnight, you're piss drunk and need some food....this is where you come.
2	Not the best pizza in the world (it's also not the worst but at $5,  why complain.
2	For $5 a pie, how bad can it be?  Great for the price, although I think it's not as good as Domino's or Papa John's.  I used to order mass amounts from this place for Student Dorm Council meetings at CMU.
3	Speaking truthfully, I have never been here sober, but they do have great, cheap pizza ($4.90 for a large cheese pizza!!!!) - while it is hot that is. Like a hangover, this pizza is not something you want to deal with the next morning. It curls up and is not really edible. But great pizza when you are wasted.
5	Go in late night, tell them you already ordered and they will sling you a pizza on the spot.  These guys are solid, it's a shame nobody tips them more than their spare change.  Don't recommend while sober, but take it home late night with some ranch and hot sauce.
5	5 dollar college pizza.  This place is the best. The originator of the $5 Oakland Pizza.It's a solid pie that is good for a quick dinner or great for a late night food after some South Oakland Activities.If you want some extra attention to your pizza get a topping or the garlic crust and it comes out even better for just a little bit more!
5	not too sure how drunk works but i think my tastebuds work just the same no matter how drunk i am. with that said i wish there was hand sanitizer after the nights of debauchery followed by antoon's pizza. 5 bucks is great for a cheese pizza no matter what. The dough isnt super gluten-y, its got a good crunch to it but still soft and fluffy on the inside. random tip: powdered sugar on the pepperoni is so good- so what if the pizza is $6.50? you'll be smiling all night, its so good. btw twins work there! one is much cuter than the other =D
2	Great pizza wait for it......when your near broke or drunk or both. And it is open late on weekends, always a plus.
5	Awesome pizza for $5 for a large cheese (fresh dough and a decent amount of cheese) ... So much better than little caesars $5!!!!
