5	We actually stayed in Le Guilleret (leguilleret.com) which is connected to this place but it's more of a hotel than a hostel. It was very homey, like staying in a cottage. Maybe ten rooms. Our friends had the room on the first floor, the Nocturne I believe, and it was gigantic. A huge bed and huge luxurious tub. We had a smaller room but we liked it quite a bit, we were also on a budget. It had a futon and full size bed. Very cleaning and homey. Bathroom with french doors. Closet space. Free breakfast in the kitchen downstairs, fresh croissants every morning. It is a historical building so you cannot wear shoes upstairs, bring slippers! It is a great deal for Old Montreal, plenty to see and do right on the Vieux Port.
5	Since my trip to Montreal was going to be a brief overnighter, I wanted a place that was inexpensive but offered all of the amenities of what a good hostel should be. When I researched on hostelworld.com, Le Sous-bois showed up as as a popular choice for its favourable reviews of security, location and affordability. These facts confirmed by choice to stay here. The accommodations were quite comfortable. For one night, I paid $20 to share a "room", which was more like a large open space separated by wooden bunk beds, with 20 other women. We had access to an ensuite bathroom but you had to go downstairs to access the showers and lockers. I found it to be quite cozy, from the wooden bunk beds to the wagon houses that classified as private rooms. The air mattresses were comfortable but made a lot of noise whenever someone got in or out of them. Since I'm a light sleeper when not in my own bed, I awoke easily whenever I heard my hostel mates move about. Regardless of this issue, I didn't encounter any problems. Last point: the hostel was very clean! I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. While I didn't have a chance to stay very long to meet my other hostel mates, I would definitely consider staying here again in the future.
3	the layout is ridiculous.  the hostel itself is located essentially in the basement of a classy hotel.  you have to enter the hotel from the back door in order to not disturb the hotel guests.  the office to the hostel is located in one of the cabins, so you'll hear the phone ring in the morning and employees will be walking in and out constantly.  you'll hear people leaving silly voicemails because the answering machine is old school.  "uhhh hi this is so-and-so and i made a reservation for october, but i'd like to change it to september 30" etc.  it's awful.  the beds are not real mattresses; they're air mattresses.  the cabins in the courtyard do not give you any privacy really, since people will be partying in the court yard in the wee hours of the night.having said all that, i enjoyed the hostel very much.  it's a party hostel and people go wild.  just don't expect much more :)
3	The last time I spent the night here, I enjoyed an overall good experience. I even overlooked the issue of the squeaky air mattresses. But on a recent trip to Montreal during its first cold chill of the month, I would say that my only night at Le Sous-bois was somewhat OK. Actually, no I'll be honest here, disappointing. My issue: the heat. Hey Le Sous-bois, use it much? It was cold, damn c-c-c-cold! I'm only referring to when the heat was nonexistent at night, during lights out. I came home late, looking forward to escaping the bitter minus 30 C (that's with windchill) weather to step into a room that was only partially warm. I didn't realize that I needed to bring a sleeping bag or a comforter with me in order to stay warm. Yes, it's a hostel and not a hotel so perhaps luxuries like a comforter is too much for me to ask, but I would have figured that my "room" - a large open space that occupied 20 beds - would have been heated, especially while I slept. Looking back, staying in the large room was a bad idea. I was the only one occupying it, the rest of the guests - a group of five people from France -  were upstairs in a smaller, cozier room, where the heat decided to spend the night with. I will mention that the hostel did provide with fresh clean sheets and towels, and they did have a basket of available blankets in case we get cold, but unfortunately they did not keep me warm. How can they when the blankets couldn't even keep a five-foot person warm?! They were small. I slept in the clothes that I had worn all night, along with my winter coat. Shivering while trying to keep still so the air mattress wouldn't make any noise against the wooden bed panels, I didn't get much sleep. While it was nice to have the hostel almost to myself for a cheap price ($16 a night), I think my days of staying at hostels are over. Time to splurge on a hotel room where heat is available and a mattress that is not only comfortable but doesn't squeak.
5	Beautiful hostel in an amazing location!  $75 a night for a private room for the two of us, with an included breakfast and internet.  We had our own bathroom, television, fridge, toaster, in room AC and in room ethernet cable.  The room was comfortable and also amazingly clean.  The hostel is located on Saint Denis street right in the Latin Quarter.  So its great that you can easily walk to the food and bars.  Parking is down the street, next to the library and is $15 a day to park there, so you want to just mostly travel the city on foot.Great place and would recommend anyone to stay there!
