5	Kathleen and her place is great!  She is a seasoned esthetician who has been providing skin care for many years.  Safety and comfort are at the top of her list.  She takes pride in the outcome of her work!  I was a bit skeptical going into to Kiss to get eyelash extensions. It was something I had never even thought of doing.  But, I want to look bright eyed when I wake up in the morning, and these extensions have done just that for me!  I dont have to wear mascara at all anymore! I was worried that the extensions would be painful or uncomfortable, however they are not at all.  In fact when they were put on, I couldn't feel anything different about my eye, even when I blinked.  Boy do my eye lashes look different though!  Beautiful.  And not at all fake or false looking.  Even my friends cant tell.  I would highly recommend Kathleen for lashes and I would highly recommend lash extensions for any no nonsense girls who dont want to deal with mascara every day!.
5	I have been going here for a couple of months and love this place. She always takes her time to make sure she does a great job. Kathleen is so friendly and is like a psychologist and just listens to your stories and problems. After she has completed her work she always asks if you are satisified and always offers to put on more lashes if you are not satisfied (which never happens). Her prices are amazing and I would not go anywhere else!
5	I really liked the idea of having my lashes look great without mascara, but was not really sure about what to look out for in quality as prices vary.  I started doing research and end up on Yelp. Kathleen was everything people say about her. She spends time upfront making sure to understand your goal outcome. Then gets to work. I was absolutely amazed at the results. I think my first appointment was at least 3 hours as she doesn't focus on time but on the results. On top of everything I've said so far she also works some weekends which is the only way for me to get my grooming done since I travel during the week.
