5	One of the best (or even the best) Persian Kebab houses in town. I haven't tried many of their dishes, but the grills are definitely worth trying. You can also bring your own wine, which is a good idea, since there is no socially accepted way of matching Persian dishes with good wine, and it is very much a matter of taste. Wine can definitely go with Persian grills. I suggest a rather tannin and spicy red to accompany your Barg, Soltani or Koobideh. It is less fun to have wine with Tagine-like Khoresh dishes, although I don't deny that some combinations may work.Back to Quartier Perse, it is absolutely not the place you want to go on a date. The environment is super noisy, and there are, in many cases, families with shouting and crying kids. Go there when you are really hungry and ready to taste authentic-tasting Persian food. The portions are generous, so the being really hungry part is a requirement. The waiters (and from the look of them I guess this is a family business) are not the kindest or the most patient you have ever seen. I would have removed a star because of the careless service if this was not my main source of Kebab!
3	I found these kebabs a little bit too seasoned. They were "just ok". It wouldnt be my first choice in Montreal. The waitress was very rude also.
3	Located right outside Villa-Maria metro station, Quartier-Perse is a persian restaurant with many available seating. I was there on a Saturday night with ten friends celebrating. I was told by the organizer that she could not get a reservation because no one had answered the phone. Thus, she had to get there early so that we got a big table. When I first looked at the menu, I noticed that we only had two major selections: kebabs and stews. I ordered the lamb shank stew myself. We were first served sliced up pita bread with butter. Next, our lentil soup came. It was chunky with lentils, beans, barley, and spices. Even with this many ingredients, the soup itself was bland, but a bit of salt and pepper fixed it. Next, my lamb shank came.  I was first surprised as they served me the shank whole still on the bone separate from my rice. The lamb itself was fall off the bone tasty. The rice was cooked perfectly. The sauce, however, was again, slightly bland. I think the stew would have been improved by adding some vegetables to enhance the flavour, but perhasp that would no longer be an authentic persian dish. According to my friends, the kebabs were alright. To finish off the meal, they served us tea.Overall, portion size were large, and many of my friends did not finish their meal. However, I thought it was slightly pricey. If the food was just slightly better, maybe it would have warranted the price. Service overall was friendly, and we were so comfortable around them.
3	Solid 3.5. Hilarious friendly staff, and we had the terrasse to ourselves to slowly make our way through the wine we had brought and the tasty dipping sauces and the piles of perfectly roasted meat. Located right next to Villa Maria's beautiful green grounds and conveniently next to the metro as well this is a great spot for local families. Plates are all around the $25 range and are easily shareable since portion sizes are quite huge. I shared the table d'hote with a friend which meant we got to try the filet mignon, chicken, and ground beef options plus a pile of grilled veg on lovely soft rice. Everyone agreed that everything was cooked perfectly, and the flavouring was nice but we could have all used a homemade hot sauce option rather than the Frank's (??!?!) we were offered when we asked. Really nice night though and a decent option for families and friends looking for BYO in NDG.
