4	This is the best Pho in Chinatown (and I've tried them all!).  Not nearly as rushed as the other Pho places on Saint-Laurent, nor as crowded and loud.  Prices are similar and food is better!  They're the only one with seafood soup and I think the only ones that sell egg noodles (they call them yellow noodles) along with the standard rice ones.Great spot for Pho in Montreal!
5	Best pho I've ever had, and I eat a lot of pho. It's all about the quality of the broth, and this place has it. Don't let the semi-hidden basement location put you off, those are usually the best places anyway.
4	Humble, friendly, fresh-faced Pho on lower St Laurent, totally willing to switch up spicy soup options to make them vegetarian for me, careful to warn me that the broth would still be chicken. The resulting soup was light, spicy, not oily, or too spicy, and amazingly aromatic. For $8!The decor is simple. The ceiling and the storage area are both a tiny bit unfortunate and on a rainy day so is the basement smell, but the soup! the soup! Curative for sure.
5	Best Pho! Yes, my friends; the broth master is clearly in residence here! Enjoy!
4	Great spring rolls and pho! We had the shrimp and chicken roll plus the pork roll.  We had the special pho and the beef balls and rare beef pho. Everything was quite tasty. Good place to stop by if your in the hood.
2	Maybe it was our mistake for not getting the Pho or maybe it was because the B-Team was in the kitchen that night - but about the only good thing at our visit was the service.The food was remarkably flavorless, which for a fresh cuisine like Vietnamese was a first for me. The shrimp that appeared in a number of our dishes was soggy and flavorless, reminiscent of the too-cheap frozen variety. The shredded pork was dry, gritty and tasted off. Our food was only occasionally punctuated by the fresh taste of basil or mint - but otherwise was just not good.The service, however, was excellent. Our waiter was cheerful, efficient, and welcoming. He switched right to English when he heard my girlfriend and I trying to work our dubious French. I have to wonder if something was off that night in the kitchen, especially given the other reviews and an experience like this in a city known for its excellent Vietnamese cuisine.
4	We came in here based on the stellar Yelp reviews and high star rating. The Pho was amazing. Spring rolls, too. It's been a long time since I've tasted a bowl so good. Service is a bit... spotty, but in a weird way, the order mixup we experienced seemed to add to the charm of the place. The bottom line: I'll be back here the second I return to Montreal.
5	I've tried all the pho places in Chinatown because we live nearby and this place is definitely the best! We eat here almost every week! They make their pho broth from scratch so the flavours are really rich and authentic. It's really inexpensive too- probably why we go so often. Most of the meals are under ten bucks. I really like the Beef Satay Pho and the grilled pork chop meal.
5	This hidden gem in the Chinatown strip is not to be overlooked. Amazing homemade meals with friendly staff. A lot of authentic style viet dishes you dont see everyday.
4	Want to give this 4.5This little restaurant is kind of easy to miss. As I walked past here twice looking for the restaurant from across the street. Their sign is blocked by either a tree or lamp post- I don't remember. When we spotted it we quickly crossed and went right in. Watch out for the steep short steps down. And make your way into this small single front door that once perhaps pristine white. When we walked in, we began to question what made this place rated so highly. This little restaurant that sat at the bottom of the stairs. It's not anything fancy inside - it's like any over used and rarely updated Asian restaurant. Although they do have a tv there to keep you visually entertained while you wait for your order to arrive.Then you eat the food. You MUST try the Pho!Wow! Hello broth! Perhaps the best I've had in a while! Or ever ?! Yeah that good. i ordered number 13 small. Although I didn't feel completely full upon finishing I did after finishing half the three bean with coconut milk dessert drink. Everything was so good and I left very happy. I'm unsure if this restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
4	Being from Vancouver I always found the pho in Montreal expensive and not filling. This place is fair for the quantity (biggest pho dat biet) compared to other places and the broth is unique and full of flavor.  I'd pass on the Imperial roll and try something else.  Too greasy and uninteresting inside.Very friendly family place!
3	When my wife and I came to Montreal for Osheaga 2013, she took an afternoon shopping and I went to Chinatown for Pho.  I did not come here, but instead crowded into another Pho place where you had squeeze between lines of other customers at family-style tables.  This time, (September 2014) the wife joined me and we had little gremlins in tow so the prospect of waiting to find a seat for all of us sent us here.  We arrived for an early lunch and were seated quickly.Know that Pho Saigon is located below strew level, and the steps to reach it are narrow and steep.  Take them slow and easy, especially in the winter.The restaurant is clean and neatly appointed.  It features very simple and tasteful decor, and at the time it was not too cluttered. There's a flatscreen TV on the wall, which we could pretty much care less about. Since we were there before the lunch crowd, the service was very quick.  One of my gremlins loves Pho Ga, the other is more into noodles, so that's what they ordered.  My wife and I had Pho Bo Vien (if I remember correctly).Here's the thing, the food was good, no doubt.  Hot, fresh, and tasty.  However (and you knew this was coming), on this particular day, and with our Pho, it was not transcendent. If you're a Pho-lover, then you know it's all about transcendence -- the full umami mouth feel, the savoriness of the broth, the distinctive clash of meat, noodle, and vegetable textures, all punctuated by the sting of the lime, peppers, and sriracha. Sadly, we did not feel that the Pho we had (on this day) possessed that transcendence.  It was tasty.  We enjoyed it, but did not feel compelled to drain the bowls as we have at other places.But please, you must try it for yourself.  Palates vary, and it's quite possible we arrived too early and the broth just hadn't "hit it" yet.  Also know, that as the lunch service gets busier, service slows down, as can be expected.Great prices -- a family of four for $35 is on of the best values you'll get in Montreal.Oh and before I forget, there's no booze.We'll be sure to try it again and edit the review if necessary.
