3	More and more nightlife keeps popping up in G-town (aka Gilbert) and Crabby Don's is at the height of it all. This relaxed bar, located in a strip mall, offers a full menu with seafood offerings. Drinks are cheap. And the bar has turned into more of a club after 9 p.m. where you'll find bands like the Phunk Junkeez taking the mic.And the staff here is nice! Still waiting to meet that Crabby Don.
2	I went to Crabby Don's before AZ went smoke-free and it was miserable. So the only reason  I'm giving this crap hole two stars is based on the highly unlikely possibility that now that none of the metalheads in there can blow smoke in my face, that it might be a little more cool.  But its doubtful.Ah metalheads...not my kind of person.  Sorry.  Not my kind of music either.  So freaking loud you cant hear your friends literally screaming in your ear over the screaming metalheads.  Annoying.  Bathrooms were filthy and there was a girl snorting coke off the sink.  Have some tact metalheads.  This place sucked, even for Gilbert.
3	I have issues with bar's in strip centers.  But this one wasn't half bad.  Went for a AZ Derby Dames event then went to see the Phunk Junkeez.  It's a laid back kinda place that I usually take a liking to.
4	Crabby Don's is technically a sports bar, but I like to go there because it is one of the few local spots for East Valley denizens to catch live, original music on the weekends.  And when I say east, I'm talking east of the loop 101.  I appreciate the fact that they have live bands, and it's only a few miles from the house, making it an affordable cab ride home, or worst case scenario, a long walk.  The kitchen is open until 11pm on the weekends which is nice, I ordered the fish and chips with onion rings as a side, which was pretty tasty and would easily feed two people.  They also have a crazy long happy hour, but I forget what the exact hours are.   I dig their slogan as well, "The Liver is Evil and must be Punished!"Tonight the service was great, Sean/Shawn deserves special praise as a bartender.  In addition to being a great bartender, he gave me the low-down on the best bacon-aversion routes to avoid the Gilbert Gestapo and make it home safely from the bar.   Turns out the pretext that 70% of the local DUI victims get pulled over for is swinging too wide while making a left hand turn onto Baseline, that is, not sticking to the innermost left hand lane.  So if you're leaving the bar, try to plan your exit so that you only make a right hand turn, and STAY IN YOUR LANE.   SO....now that I've gotten that of my chest, let's continue with the review, shall we?The crowd is pretty much East Valley'ish if you know what I mean, most people were outside on one of the two patios enjoying the summer night.  Kinda dead tonight inside the main room, there is a another back room with a shuffle board and full bar separated by glass doors.   Granted it's quite a bit smaller than the main room indoors, although it always  seems to be a bit more crowded for its size than the rest of the bar.Door cover was $5 and the two bands that I saw tonight were pretty decent.  The second one had good sound, was technically proficient, moved around, and the first thing I thought to myself was "these guys must be heavily influenced by Incubus".  This was confirmed later that night when they played a cover of Drive.   The restrooms here are nice, better than the most I've been in lately, although they were out of paper towels.  Tons of parking available.  Decor in the bar is contemporary, although I'm not super big on the blood red walls that make the band/stage corner.  The ceiling is all exposed and painted black.  You can usually catch what's going via the bar's myspace page.   Open mic Thursday night,  DJ's usually play Friday night, bands on Saturday night.
2	So not my scene. From the heavy metal screaming in one room to the juke box that never plays your songs in the other, this place left something to desire. It's no wonder I call this place Crappy Don's. To give them credit - and 2 stars - they had a couple good craft beers available, a dart board, pool table and beanbag game. It's not the worst bar I've ever had the misfortune of walking into yet it's not the best, by any stretch of the imagination.
4	I must have gone on a rare night compared to these other reviews (ok so what we were already trashed) but we loved this place. The band was playing 90's grunge, the crowd was fun, and the burgers are to f*n DIE for..  definitely a good bar for being on the east side of town. and JAKE RULES !!! xox
2	I don't even know where to begin....which is ironic because it was hard to find this typical east valley type bar-in-a-strip-mall. I really wasn't sure what to make of the place with the crabby face on the door. There are couple different areas to the place and when packed I could see it having a college house party charm. But empty, you just get the smell of fried food and punching while watching younger folks who think they got dressed up to go to Scottsdale but instead ended up in a Gilbert strip mall.I was here to listen to some accoustic sets - not the best  venue for that. Distracted by the TVs, Golden Tee video screen, and a real punching bag game machine (as macho as it gets boys)...So I had one drink, one drink only ($6.50 for Jameson's...really Toby?!?!) and am still perplexed at what this place is trying to be and why they would let people punch a bag during an accoustic music set. Big patio outside, big room inside with a stage and punching machine, and a smaller room for darts and pool. It was kind of like the place I worked back in Iowa that had a buffet, bowling alley, roller rink and minigolf. you can't be all things to all people...but maybe in Gilbert that's a possibility.
4	Always have great food and cold beer. The staff is great and never make you feel like you have been lost in the crowd. Great live music several nights a week and even better karaoke. They have everything from old pinball to a nice new shuffleboard table. Overall a great laidback bar if your getting out of work or just want to grab a cold one.
1	Hands down the worst bar I've been to in Arizona. The place was filthy and full of only men. I went there with my sister and we were pretty uncomfortable, to say the least. Not my scene at all.
5	One of the best CHEERS style Bar's in Arizona, everyone knows everyone, the Bands are great on the weekend, food is good too. They will put on any game you want on the TV's a lot of fun to visit.
2	What can I say... if I were Don and owned this place, I would likely be a little crabby too.  Shouldn't have been too surprised though considering this is a bar in a strip-mall, but I had high hopes since it's across from fancy-schmancy Val Vista Lakes.I like dive bars, don't get me wrong, but this place was just kind of weird.  We walked in and it felt like a big empty room... which it really was actually.  I'm not sure if it's a dance floor at night perhaps?  But it was just a strange feeling and layout. The place was dead, I could count the number of people in there on 1 hand (granted it was like 5pm on a Thursday, but hello... happy hour anyone?) and it was also super quiet and awkward (hello, MUSIC anyone?).We had one drink and left.  Not the worst dive bar I've been to, but certainly not even close to being the best.
1	It sucks that Yelp won't let me give this dump less than one star. DO NOT, DO NOT, DO NOT waste your time at this bar. Nobody goes to this bar. There might be 30 people there when a band plays, but if there is no band the bar is a ghost town. The bar could be cool, but there are like 5 owners who have no business running a bar. Go into the bar on a Friday night and you will know what I mean. The main owner must have deep pockets to keep funneling money into this waste zone. Give up and let somebody else make a good bar in that location. Stop over charging for drinks. It doesn't take a college grad to figure out lower drink prices and hot waitresses bring in paying customers.
1	Very disappointing. Originally came to restaurant on a recommendation and was impressed, but after 5 years away i did not like the changes. The place has turned into a dive bar, and the servers are truly crabby. It is impossible to tell who is a guest and who is a server. The food is mediocre, service and atmosphere terrible. I will stay away from this restaurant and would advise others to do the same.
1	Horrible atmosphere, horrible service. Our group of about 12 have given this place a shot several times as it is close to our neighborhood!!!  Forget it!!!  We will cab it and go to another establishment further away with much more to offer!!!   Stay away from this dive , don't waste your money here!!!
4	Awesome little place. Karaoke on Sunday nights is fun. Also it's a cool place to go see local bands play.
2	There is a shuffle board table and pool table, but that is about all this place has going for it.  The bar staff is friendly, but this is a dive bar.
5	Courtney is the bomb best bartender in AZ  She is awesome. Wanna get good service and have a good time come here! Lots of fun and friendly people!
3	My hubby and I were out driving around running errands from Tempe to Mesa to Gilbert and with the heat were just downright delirious and in a huge need for a cold adult beverage.  We saw the sign for Crabby Don's, thought it was funny and decided to give it a try.  At 11:30 a.m. on a Monday it was pretty slow, but the bartender was staying busy multi-tasking.  Looked like she was setting up glasses for both bars and attending to a couple of patrons who were sitting at the bar.  She still found time to be friendly and helpful with us and we did not feel neglected at all.  We were thrilled to find $2 Rolling Rocks and then when I asked about food, I noticed they had Breckenridge Brewing SummerBright Ale on tap.  (I'm easily distracted when it comes to beer).  It's not often I see a BB beer here in this area, so we gave that a try.  Not too shabby.  Definitely a passable summer lager.  We didn't want a full meal so shared the sliders.  Very simple cheeseburger sliders, but they had a good grilled flavor and the buns had been grilled too which is a simple touch that I like a lot.  I also like that they give you 4 instead of 3, like a lot of places do.   4 is perfect for sharing with the one you love, or the one you want to love for that night.Overall it was a good dark cool divey place for a pit stop with a good drink selection.  The food prices aren't too bad either and it's the typical bar food menu.  I'm probably too old and square to enjoy the bands, etc. they get in there, but I would definitely stop in again if I'm out in the area.
5	Love this place the service is great good is Delish! My new dive
4	This place kinda reminds me of Patty's pub from it's always sunny.Not much action going on and mostly dudes hanging out shooting the sh!t.The service is good,the food is okay and they have an arcade punch machine that I enjoy wasting my money on.
5	Good food, good beer, good service, and i can choose between concert side or just drinking side.
5	Very nice staff excellent food and a great place to see live bands
1	Sat for 20 minutes and never got served. Crabby Don's should be Crappy Don's. Left for Mexican restaurant across the street.
4	Not a dive bar. At all. I'd call it a typical sports bar. Good bar food. I had the French Dip & loved it!  Reasonably priced food & drinks. A bucket of Coors lights / $10.  $2. Rolling Rocks.Couldn't tell ya about the liquor...  Couldn't get anyone to buy me any!! lol
3	Saw a live band at Crabby Don's. This was the first time I've been to this little dive bar. The location was pretty funky - graffiti art on the wall behind the band. The bar seemed fully stocked top to bottom shelf.  For a small dive the tap selection is AWESOME.Since it was really loud, we ordered from the Bar Keep with a series of hand gestures. It was funny but very effective.  The bar is technically two pieces, one side for live music and one side for the "drinking crowd" I also saw that they serve food, which I wish I had tried some, because it smelled pretty good.Overall, it was a dive bar, with a great beer selection.
2	Went to see a friends band on a Saturday......Music was good, bartenders were good, pretty divey bar all in all. Super dark parking lot and shady customers hanging out side. Im a big guy so the people didn't bother me, but it would be questionable for single ladies to go.
5	Love this bar! The bartenders all great and remember your drink even if you're not a regular. Food is really good and they serve it until 11. There's always a mixed crowd so the people watching is always fun. I could do without most the bands that play but if you sit on the other side you don't have to hear them. Best dive bar in Gilbert.
1	We sat there and watched 3 people have 3 turns singing while we got looked over every time even after the crowd loved our first songs even to the point of standing in front of our table singing along and high five - so I guess u can't go here and be over 40 because if so, the karaoke host will ignore u like u don't exist
