1	As I stated before , I don't review chain restaurants unless something is outstanding or horrible . Well , this place is beyond horrible . If I could give negative  stars I would . The food was typical McDonalds . Not good or bad . The service , however , was terrible . As I placed my order , the greeting I got was " what do you want " . The woman who waited on my obviously didn't finish the sixth grade and didn't care about manners . She was slow as molasses even though there were several people in line behind me . After taking time out to BS to a coworker about her weekend , she gave me my order and never said " thankyou" . I replied " your welcome " very loudly to make a point but got a mean stare in return . I asked to speak to manager but was told he was busy for next 15 minutes or so . I left and as I was driving away , I saw the manager and two other workers grabbing a smoke near the rear door . No wonder the service was horrible !!! Will never stop here again .
1	I go to fast food places a few times a year, at best, so maybe my expectations are a little skewed, but my latest experience at McDonald's left a lot to be desired. There's really no use in rating the actual food, as it's hard to screw up food at a McDonald's. It's all subpar grub, but my penchant for getting filet-o-fish sandwiches this time of year lives on anyway, so I had to go satiate my once-a-year craving.My issue was with the service. I walked in and the employees were just chatting it up with their friends and off-hours coworkers who were on the customer side of the counter. It was around 11pm and the lack of customers inside of the restaurant made it pretty obvious that I was the only person waiting for my order to be taken, but that didn't stop the employees behind the counter from finishing their conversations before taking my order.After I finally put my order in, I seemed to wait an eternity (in fast food terms) for my two filet-o-fish sandwiches, regular McBites, and medium french fry order. It was hardly a complicated order, but I've waited less time during peak hours at other fast food chains in the past. Thankfully, there was ONE girl working who saw me standing there for a long time, and asked, "are his McBites up yet?...where are they?" I was happy that someone had finally addressed the situation, but it shouldn't have taken that long.Again, I'm aware that showing up at 11pm will probably increase my odds of walking into a late-night, preparing-for-the-next-day mess of a restaurant, but even in fast food, it's absurd to think that the level of cleanliness that I walked into is acceptable. Not to mention, the one girl who was working announcing that she was "going to pee"  while I was standing there. I wasn't offended at all, but I found it odd that she thought that was acceptable to say in front of a customer.I guess this experience reminded me of why I limit my trips to fast food chains as much as possible.
1	Horrible, rude service.  12 minute wait for fast food?!?!
