5	I have been going to Dr. Albert for almost ten years now, and even though I've moved to Chicago I still continue to travel back to C-U just to visit her.  I have sensitive eyes and she's always been really patient and understanding - even when I've probably tried every contact every made.  I've also been really happy with their staff that helps me pick out my frames.  I've noticed since moving to Chicago that they don't have the largest or most of-the-moment collection, but they're always great about finding the right frame for your face.Overall, I'm extremely happy!
5	I've been going to Dr. Albert's office for the last few years.  I am always extremely impressed by the thoroughness and efficiency of her exams.  She is very friendly, helpful, and open to any questions.  Her office really has a good system down pat - I've always been seen on time and have never been left waiting in the exam room for more than a couple of minutes. All of my appointments have lasted around 30-40 minutes.  I really appreciate doctors who respect my time!
5	I'm surprised there aren't more reviews of Dr. Albert here. She's far and away the most thorough optometrist i've ever seen, everyone in the office is pleasant, and the experience was good enough compared to others I've had that even though I live a thousand miles away from the office now, I've been considering heading down to Champaign the next time I'm in the Chicago area just to have an eye exam from her. Things get done right the first time, she prescribes the best brands of contacts I've used, she gets the prescriptions right, I just have nothing negative to say.
4	I saw Dr Quivey, and like the other people commented for Dr Albert, she is very thorough with the exam. She discovered that I had prism, which was the cause of my headache. I went to Illini Eye Care before but they did not test for that. The only issue is that I have to wait for ~ a week to get my new glass. So the best thing to do in my opinion is to get the exam here, and get the glass at some other place if you need it soon.
5	Both the exam and glasses or contact fittings are quite thorough, and they have a terrific selection of glasses and contacts. They are great at helping to find a flattering and fashionable pair of glasses. You will have to wait for glasses (~1 week or more), but they take much better care of you than the 1-hour places!
5	I love this place!  They have a good selection of frames incl. some very unique ones.  I especially like "Linda" who has fitted me several times and has an INCREDIBLE eye for what looks good on you, your face shape, your personality-type.  Dr. Albert is great too and provides very thorough exams.  Highly recommend.  BTW, they are also very accommodating and will fix or redo any prescription or frame if it doesn't work out.
5	I've been going to Dr Jodi Albert & Associates for the last three years.  I am so glad I made the switch from the 'big box' sort of eye glasses places.  I've seen Dr Quivey, and I feel the eye exam I get is very thorough.  What really brings me back, though, is the GREAT staff there.  Yes, LINDA!!  She definitely has a knack for helping a person find a pair of frames that look good.  She'll just bring me several frames, and then the fun begins.  I'll narrow it down to my two favorite frames, and then the available staff helps me choose--they'll vote on the pair they like best & tell me why.  I have been SO satisfied with the frames I've gotten there, and never before have I gotten so many compliments on my glasses!Also, since I don't have vision insurance, they figure out a price for you--that is not full price.  I have really appreciated that.  For such a small shop, they can be busy.  For an eye exam, of course you need an appointment.  But for adjustments, you can 'walk in." I have had to wait to have my nose pads replaced, or when I've gone in to have an adjustment.  Be patient though--parking's free, and they will give you just as much time & attention as the person ahead of you.  They are definitely work the wait! HIGHLY recommended.
3	Dr Jodi is a really nice optometrist. The lenses there, and at all eye shops, are expensive even with eyemed insurance. Sure eyemed insurance has a $20 co pay for lenses and $20 for frames and that sounds cheap. But when you include "extras" (which are necessary IMO) like anti-reflective coating and polycarbonate lenses the price goes up by A LOT. This wouldn't be so bad because I can shop around, but they forgot to put the pupillary distance on my script. I'm not sure if that was on purpose or by accident...
5	I am in CU for graduate school and needed new glasses and an exam. Picking an eye doctor is a bit of a shot in the dark and all of my attempts to get a stellar recommendation from my friends failed. I eventually used a combination of Yelp, Google reviews, and my insurance's list of network providers to decide on this one. I have to say that I was impressed. Dr. Albert performed a very thorough exam, and the opticians were very friendly and very good. They took my inter-pupilary distances and measured my pupil locations on the frames I chose. They were very friendly and helped me work through several scenarios on with my insurance. I got a free pair of contacts and bottle of Bio True, which is pretty much standard practice, but good to see. Dr. Albert was overall very concerned with my experience and wanted me to try the contacts for a few days before ordering, nice when so many eye doctors seem to want you to ORDER NOW! The practice is pretty small, and their glasses frame selection is much smaller than what you would see at, say, Lenscrafters. Still, I found frames that I really liked and I'm pretty picky. The optician and I talked about brands for a while and she told me she won't carry any with poor customer service or frequent issues. She told me this after I had chosen my frames and I had asked about another brand. It was a little more informal than I am used to at an eye doctor. All of the employees were wearing a uniform that consisted of a t-shirt with the office graphic on it and come of the instruments in the exam room actually had a layer of dust on them--dust! In a medical office! Still since most of the optometrist's tools are optics and were designed decades ago (for the most part) this really didn't bother me. Overall, I love this place and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a quality, individualized experience, especially if you are aversive to the national chains.
