2	Pricey bread, too pricey for the quality.Their sourdough baguette is just plain white bread,the brioche, blah. The decor is lovely, clientele, upscale ;more like chi chi hang out than anything else.
4	I really enjoyed Olivier Potier's desserts. The pastries are out of this world especially the Paris Brest which was silky smooth but had a very strong taste of hazelnuts, exactly as it should be. The other pastries were also excellent including the eclair and various specialty desserts that change daily. I also picked up half a loaf of bread that they cut when you order it. Although the bread is not made in store, the bread was really good and my entire family enjoyed it for supper. The only thing they make on site are pastries. So bread and sandwiches are brought in from outside. I have yet to go back and try the croissants and sandwiches.
5	Shared a light lunch of lobster roll, watermelon feta cheese salad and carre dore pastry; washed down with iced tea.  Well located for those visiting Fine Arts Museum or shopping at Holts.Everything was well prepared: generous filling of lobster on fresh eggy roll, refreshing and juicy watermelon with contrasting crumbled feta and the dessert was a delicious combo of salted caramel mouse glazed with chocolate, set on a crispy wafer.  Also center of gooey caramel and gold dusted peanuts.  The iced tea was perfectly brewed with refreshing mint.  They sell this as a combo for about $23, which includes a $3 surcharge over one of the regular sandwiches.  For the quality and considering it's lobster, think this is pretty good value.The rest of the desserts looked stellar, along with a range of artisanal breads.  Overall, a notch or two up on Premiere Moisson, for those familiar with the Quebec chain of bakery restaurants but limited menu.Friendly and knowledgable staff.
5	The best bakery in Montreal.  It was the finishing touch on our trip.  We scoured Montreal for a great bakery, and found this place to be superb.  Fresh breads, pastry and sandwiches for lunch as well as french breakfasts.  We tried almost everything with a few doggie bags to take home for the drive back.  As a true foodie, I have to tell you not to miss this place.
5	After sharing a story of my wife's longing for French pastries and her dream of going on a gastronomical tour of Paris a friend of mine, who moved here from France,  said to me. "You don't need to go to Paris to find a great a patisserie there are many right here in Montreal" and sent me to Olivier Potier. So I can't really keep track of all the different things that we've tried. All I can tell you is that they are 1 - beautiful and 2 - amazingly good. My friend is right as you bite into one of their delectable treats you will certainly feel as if you are in Paris. This sensation will continue as you look at the bill, because nothing here is cheap. But worth every penny!
5	A cantankerous old French woman who owned a bakery in (of all places) Fremont, CA, ruined croissants and french pastries for me for most of my life.  All breads and pastries after just couldn't compare.  A few in Paris came close, but C'est Si Bon was still the standard by which I judged all croissants, tarts and pastries.  Well, Ding-Dong the witch is dead.  Olivier Potier has set the new standard to ruin everything that comes after.
4	Truly wonderful patisserie,exquisite pastries, and great breads, I enjoyed the pain u chocolate, though it was heavier and less flaky than usual. Excellent service , pretty casual ambiance . Near to the Musee de Beaux Arts.
4	While visiting a friend in Montreal, I was craving pastries and sweets my whole time there.  I've been searching for a good dessert place in Montreal, and finally came across Olivier Potier on my way to Museum of Fine Art. It tops everything I've tried in Montreal. I went there on three different days, and each day they had all new pastries to try. Very good bread as well; and their chocolate croissants are worth talking about. AMAZINGGG!!!!!! Make sure you go early in the day, or all the good pastries will be gone!!!!!!! Wish they would open a location in Toronto. One of my favorite pastry shops and bakery!
3	Oh my is it pretty here,but more style than substance. And you gonna pay for it!!!Like I often say, I have no problem paying more for things, if the quality is better. Sadly this is not the case. as you walk in, the place looks nice albeit cold and unwelcoming, a whole wall of baked goods on the right, and on the left a small glass display of fine pastry gateaux and what not listed at 5.95$ each lol, gouge much? It's probably good, and it looks so pretty, I guess I wasn't in a spendy mood.I opted to get an almond croissant for 2.95$, which was good, but not the greatest I've ever had, nor the cheapest. I do want to come back to try the cute little cakes, but at this point it feels like too much of a chore and the rewards unlikely to be satisfying...Pastry shops should be welcoming and not feel like a jewelery store... fail. Yep chalk up another one for chi chi fu fu...
5	Excellent pastries and service! Love the staff. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
3	My fourth visit today.  I need to be candid-great pastries, some breads great, some inedible.  Service, friendly but terrible.  Here's some details: The chef has a great reputation, and it is well deserved.  But the place has some real problems.  The pastries are enormously good.  The baguettes and french bread has been very mediocre and not fresh enough-they are made outside, not by Potier.  We did have a sesame bread loaf that was fabulous; an amazing sour dough that was incredible, amongst the best breads anywhere in my memory. The servers, while friendly, are poorly trained.  The service is slow and inattentive. One server today was talking indignantly in the middle of the restaurant about another server and complaining with some vehemence.  This type of conversation should not be had publically.  This seems like a Quebec tradition that is totally unacceptable at a good restaurant of any sort.  This same server was wandering around the restaurant holding a cup of coffee that he himself was drinking. Not cool.  It seems rather inappropriate for someone to be running around drinking coffee while walking around the floor.  Our server didn't attend to our coffee until it had been emtpy for about 10 minutes, though the place wasn't busy at all.  When it came time to pay, she had two conversations-not serious looking ones-with other staff members; People haven't been trained put  the customer before one's conversations with staff members.  The bathroom, while acceptable, was not spotless, as they should be when you have so many staff members. Stupidly, the "special" which was bread, coffee, orange juice, jam and butter seemed as though it was about 1-3 dollars more than ordering a la carte-obviously no one is paying attention to all the details.  The table we had was wobbly and we had a bit of a coffee accident as a result.  Once again, lack of attention. The guy next to us complained that he had to ask twice for jam.  In fact, he said he comes in all the time, and the service is awful.  He thinks it's lack of any training or experience.  I think the chef has very little "front of house" experience and leaves it to an untrained well meaning staff who might not have that much experience in the business-and certainly not manager level.  The place is inefficient and therefore slow.   If the pastries were not of such a high caliber-Paris level-I would never go back.  But the people are good natured, and just need the right attention and training.
4	Go. Order one of their fancy pastries and nothing else. Start with a lemon torte (the one that looks like the Happy Meal cheeseburger of the future.... You'll know it when you see it). Congratulations, you have probably tasted the single greatest Tarte au Citron in this city.Everything else just doesn't merit the price tag (Potier knows his strength lies in the pastries; ergo everything else is outsourced).
2	So, I preferred having Premiere Moisson here - they kept it real, fresh, and always on par. But this place... not so much. It always seems empty, uncoordinated, and hard to follow. It doesn't welcome with ease, that's for sure. I've ordered baguettes from here, which were good, however I was told that they are not made fresh in store. So, that's another disappointment. But, the baguette was still baked the day of, just elsewhere and delivered to them at certain times of day. So it was fresh to a certain extent... I guess.I wouldn't bother coming here to taste their sandwiches and whatnot, I'd rather continue mourning the loss of the great bakery that was once there and make my way down to Atwater Market to get the fresh taste of Premiere Moisson.
4	This is probably the best and most creative pastry place in Montreal, always pleasant also to have a coffee or a sandwich with a pistachio eclair  The only reason I don`t give it 5 stars well it is because it does cost 7$ for a pastry :-)
4	Very tasty almond croissant and latte.  Cute place.  Bit confused about the name, does not seem to be called Olivier now?
4	Latte and tarte au citron. Nice location. They have patio. Patisserie tastes as good as it looks. Amazing. Their staff is very nice. Prices are a bit high I think, comparing to other places.
4	Great iced coffee. Unfortunately, they'd run out of almond croissants by the time I got there, but the chocolate almond croissant was awesome.
3	It's difficult to base a review on a single item, so the rating may not be a true reflection of the quality or variety offered at this venue.  I tried the chocolate eclair which was certainly nontraditional in appearance. The top layer was a smooth, dark chocolate,  and the eclair was light (albeit a tad dry). It felt like the experience ended much too quickly, but it was an enjoyable one nonetheless. On a side note, the bakery appears to go by a different name and not the one listed above.
