5	For a lunch place, this is one of my new favorites!  I read a few reviews of the downtown location and decided to try it out since it's near my work.  In the reviews I remembered that the chicken salad sandwich got good reviews...  so I gave it a whirl.  I got the chicken salad, chips, and a large drink and it came out to around $9...  kinda expensive for lunch...  but, the sandwich was bigger than I expected and I didn't eat the chips, so, next time I will go with just the sandwich!Now...  I know for a lunch place, 5 stars seems pretty high...  but...  considering they have hot peppers as a topping for their sandwiches...  and taking into account that it creates a flavor explosion...  I had to opt for the 5 stars!I will definitely be back for lunch...  and possibly ever for dinner a time or two when I get those spicy cravings!
4	We happened upon this place for lunch, and now have been back a few times!  Never heard of the downtown location...but for a quick and yummy lunch it beats Subway and those other 'chains' for sure.  Every sandwich I have tried was super yummy (warm and toasty)...and they even carry IBC Rootbeer in the glass bottles.  Definately worth the trip.
5	Awesome.  Staff and management very friendly.  Salads are amazing - built to your instructions and while you have a limited number of toppings (five for the large salad I think) the quantity of the topping is not.  "How many hard boiled eggs would you like, sir?"  Sandwiches are great - good toppings and meat, but the bread is exceptional.  You will not leave here hungry.These sandwiches put Port-o-Subs and Quiznos to shame.  Subway isn't even in the same zip code with these guys.Clean and new.  Maybe a little spartan on the decor but I'm sure they will improve that.Please support local businesses and this is one of them.  But you don't need the politcal angle to encourage patronage here - the product is outstanding!
4	I got the Traffic Jam, as well, and was impressed but not overwhelmed.  It was under $6 for just the sammy, and I got in and out of there in less than the time it takes for the radio to finish Led Zeppelin's "Stairway to Heaven" (10:31 in the YouTube version, not sure about the radio version), so I'd definitely consider this place for future lunches, but I'm still looking for my perfect sandwich here.  I timed it just right walking in the door just after 11, there were literally no other customers here when I walked in, so that did not make the ordering system any more simple for a newb, but no one was annoyed at having to point out the menus which i was supposed to have walked right by.  Basically, you're supposed to walk around the outside of the room, order in the corner, then walk around the counter back towards the middle and pay and get your food right in front of the door.  It seems like a good system, but I've not seen it yet with a ton of customers, so who knows.I'd say this place is at least marginally better than Subway or Port-o-subs, plus they have soups, salads, some breakfast options till 10:30, and coffee and shakes, so you should go check it out.
3	We went here recently for a Friday night dinner meal.  Couldn't decide where we wanted to go, but wanted to try someplace new.  Remembered that I had seen this place earlier in the week, so we made the trip up.  First impression...I hope this place does a brisk lunch business (which I'm guessing they do) because while it wasn't quite deader than dead, it was pretty slow.  I thought the ordering/queueing system was kind of confusing but figured it out and got my turkey/roast beef sub.  It was pretty good.  I also thought about going back to get a milkshake/malt but my convinced by my dining companions that we should go to Culver's instead for dessert.  I did think it was weird that they had sandwiches/coffee/milkshakes here.  Lot of weird variety.  I'd give them a 3.5.  Not sure if I'll be back or not, so I'm rounding down.  Everyone was very friendly and the place was very clean.
