4	Having lived on the East (weak) Coast the majority of my life, I am not very familiar wt Carls Jr. I actually needed some "cash back" & they were the closest thing to me and I ordered 3 chicken fingers wt Honey Mustard sauce = $4.31 total.They claim that the Chicken Tenders are "hand breaded" and I dont doubt it as they are some of the best I have had in recent memory. The 3 tenders I was served were very big and thick (maybe 4-5 inches long) & breaded and crispy while the meat was nice and moist. The Honey Mustard sauce was pretty standard and could have been spicier but I'm NOT complaining.I have not tried anything else on the menu BUT I can give 2 thumbs up on the Chicken Tenders at least at this location.
4	Turkey Burger + Why are they being so nice to us?Best customer service experience I've had at a fast food place. The cashier actually waited on my boyfriend and I, as in brought the food over to our table and then came back to check if we enjoyed our meal and then refilled my drink and brought more condiments to our table. When did Carl Jr's become a restaurant with actual servers and a wait staff? Whenever this happened, I'm just glad they didn't increase the prices. We were staying at the Stratosphere across the street and didn't go here until our last night on vacation because I don't eat red meat and didn't feel like having a chicken sandwich. I didn't know that they also sold turkey burgers. Well to my absolute surprise, they do!! I ordered an all white meat turkey burger (aka the Southwest burger, substitute with a turkey patty and added bacon). It had a really nice flavor. Certainly not the best turkey burger I've ever had, but definitely better than most fast food joints that just throw it on the menu. Wish we had one like this in Chicago. I usually have to go to more expensive burger places to get a turkey burger and not so great service. Thanks for flipping the script Carl's Jr.
2	Well...this Carl's jr, seeing as it's in Vegas...is in the desert...lol no, not a mirage, though it might as well be. That desert sun is hot as h-e-double..you know the rest. So I get in there(I was meeting someone) and I ask for a water cup. I was responded to with..."Yeah, we can't just give you one...you gotta make a purchase..." Now mind you I was sweating, and so was the baby...yeah..that meant nothing, because I said..."I will be making a purchase, I'm just waiting for someone"...I was hit with a very haughty, "Yeah, our manager just doesn't allow us, to just give you water without you buying something..." I thought.."eh whatever" and was very tempted to respond with "Yeah, well your manager is a schmuck" in the same tone they were using, but I'm trying to grow my person, so I just walked away. The person I was meeting arrived and we ordered. He had a Memphis BBQ burger(with pulled pork, and onion strings on it) I ordered a teriyaki burger(has a fat slice of pineapple and teriyaki sauce on it) we ordered a criss cut fries to share, and the baby had a kids meal....and while i was filling the baby's soda cup, the soda fountain cut off. I told them, and they flipped a switch and it came on.(later as i was getting a refill, the machine was just plain off...they flipped the switch again) Now, I know that some places track the use of their products...but really?...do you really have to monitor the soda usages like THAT?...if I had come back for say a third refill on a kid size soda, would you have cussed me out and told me no? Look..it's really not that crucial...I did the math. It costs about $1.04 for 1 bag of dr. pepper syrup, and about $0.50 for a thing of carbon water. So that's $1.54. that makes about 500 sodas. plus you factor in, that they have about 10 different choices...all in all, they turn a huge profit on sodas alone...so I know they are not going broke. but whatever. Let's get down to businessTHE SERVICEOther than the Manager's cronies at the front, the lady who came to the table(Ms Unity) was very nice and helpful, and had our interests, and not the managers at heart. So I would give half a star to the cronies, and 5 stars to Ms Unity.THE FOODThe baby's food was hot, and she didn't complain, my burger was yummy, and so was the memphis bbq...although saying this...my personal opinion is this...heavy pork(bacon excluded) and burgers do not nutritionally go together.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! just saying...
4	Carl's Jr is Carl's Jr;  we all know the menu and the quality tends to be consistent (pretty good fast food burgers and I'm lovin' that fried zucchini with ranch dip), so I normally wouldn't bother even reviewing one because there are no surprises, but I got one the other night: BF and I were leaving the Stratosphere around 2 a.m. and decided to pull in for a cool drink. I just wanted a soda, he a had a chocolate shake in mind. I warned him not to get his hopes up- ALL fast food franchises are ALWAYS cleaning the shake machine after midnight, and sure enough, when we pulled up to the speaker and he asked if they still had shakes, The Voice (older female) said "I don't think so, let me check" and then, the inevitable "No, the machine is down"... but, WAIT FOR IT: "I will make you one, though". Wha wha wha WHAT?? My neck is still sore from the way my head snapped around. We drove around, thinking Ashton Kutcher would be at the window, laughing and pointing at our gullibility, but no, it was just this really nice lady, with a freshly made milkshake in her hand and a pleasant smile on her face. God love you, Carl's Jr Lady! These stars are for you!
4	Stopped in for breakfast no complaints.
2	Late night, heading back to the hotel and decide to try Carls Jrs. I got my food and headed down the road taking bites here and there in the dark, and the burger had no flavor, like it lacked seasoning or something. Get to my room and pull the burger out to finish it and find I'm eating RAW MEAT!! The burger was brown outside but RED inside. Fries were just "alright", so you can believe I won't go back again..
5	I ate here on new years eve 2013, i were on a roadtrip from San Fransisco- LA- LV.I had just arrived at Stratosphere from Los Angeles. So i looked at my yelp app to find the closest restaurant outside of the hotel so i saw that Carls Jr was close. We were met with a friendly face and even though we were tired and typical tourists(in my country a friendly face in a chain restaurant is VERY RARE). I had tried eating a Big Carl burger during my first stop in San Fransisco and liked it quite a bit but was a little bit decided because the atmosphere at the SF CJ was stress filled and a guy was arguing with the security guard for my whole stay.There is something special with the burgers from Carls Jr and i can't figure it out. It basically tastes like a fine dining burger but is half the price of the ones you find further down the strip or at fine dining restaurants. My favorite is The Big Carl, i've also tried the Famous Star but i prefer the Big Carl.During my American visit i had decided to try out all the larger chains and then sort of find my personal favorite. If i had to choose one chain for the rest of my life it would be CJ.
1	Worst Carls JR i have been too. Besides them giving me wrong orders, waited a long time and the drive thru service was bad
