5	Really great book store.  They have tons of the latest fiction plus great prices.  They even have a section for books in foreign languages.  One of my favorite things about this store is Hoppy, a rescued dwarf rabbit that will charm just about anyone.
5	This place is saving me tons of money!!!  The selection here is wonderful, with tons and tons of books.  I love this place because they have a huge selection of classics, and older books, plus a good selection of new books (that I guess were brought in by those rich ladies who buy and read something as soon as it comes out, and then have no use for it).  The last time I was in here I got 5 books for under $25.  Be warned, this place can really suck you in, and you can wind up wandering around the store for over an hour.  Don't miss the sweet animals that are always around, they are there to brighten everyone's day (and it works!).
5	Book Buyers has a great selection of used books in all sections.  And they're open Sundays which warrants the fifth star.  I have been many times, it's fun just poking around and if you're looking for something specific the staff are very helpful.  They'll keep things on hold for you for a day or two if you call to see if they have a special item in stock as well.Once while I was sitting in a chair in the back of the place looking over my marketing and management books trying to decide what I want to do next with my life, out of nowhere a bunny rabbit came hopping and stopped right in front of me.  I kid you not!  It was quite surreal...  So if you like books and bunnies, this is the store for you!  There was also the hugest black cat I have ever seen sleeping peacefully in a chair all by itself.  It was so big no one would dare to bother it. So if you happen to like books, and bunnies, and black cats, you better get in here and start browsing right now!Update: The poor bunny passed away. :(  But the huge black cat is still there.
4	Being a book geek I tend to always have an over abundance of reading material that just sits around gathering dust.  So when my books have given their all, it's time for them to move on to a new owner.  This is the chosen place where the magical transfer takes place.  If you need some extra scratch, bring your old books here.  This store has a rather large selection of used books that are well laid out and organized.  Plus if they don't have what you're looking for, they can point you in the right direction.
4	Book Buyers has tons of a great used books for low prices. I love browsing through the store. After Kurt Vonnegut died, I was, of course, reminded how much I love his work. So I headed to Book Buyers. I only found one of his novels, but then a store employee found a couple more Vonnegut books they hadn't put out yet and I was able to buy a mini-collection for under 10 bucks.
2	Sorry for the buzzkill, but I have to be honest here.  Book Buyers is okay. but just barely. So why the rave reviews? Just a guess, but here's the deal: there is simply no real competition in the used book store marketplace, which is a shame for a city the size of Charlotte. Make no mistake, this store has plenty of merchandise, but it is poorly displayed- think cramped, fusty, dimly lit library shelves. Prices are relatively high, too, which may explain why some dusty, arcane titles rarely seem to move off the shelves, let alone out of the store. Popular paperback titles DO seem to get a bit more play, but alas, there is another reason why I cannot speak more highly of Book Buyers. You see, I've been to the Promised Land of used book stores, and it (they) are located in Winston-Salem, Greensboro, Raleigh, and Fayetteville. They are Edward McKay. Until Edward McKay enters the Charlotte market (a matter of time, I only hope), Book Buyers has no competition in the used book market. So enjoy Book Buyers now, because once a store like Edward McKay moves into town it'll be, "root, hog, or die."
1	Unfortunately I went to the store because they advertise themselves as a used rare and collectible book dealer.They are alot of things but they are NOT a collectible or rare bookshop.The store is really just a used paperback store.If you live within walking distance and the weather is nice then maybe worth a visit.In no way would I waste gas to go there.
4	Book Buyers is the place to go to get a good book or find a book you need for school/college. Pretty much every literature assignment book I can find here. Great Prices and a very homey atmosphere (a cat, a bunny and some other various animals run around the shop) with chairs and library-ish lighting. Organization is a bit confusing and makes things hard to find sometimes, but thats to be expected. Definately my favorite used bookstore of Charlotte.
4	I have walked by Book Buyers many times, I always glance at the titles in the bins out front, today was the day that I actually stopped.  When you walk in, it smells like musty books.  It's vast and kind of reminds me of a school library.  I guess the owner was at the register, there was a photo of him in front of a spaceship, maybe taken in the 70s, a fat cat named Page, who does not like to be annoyed and a warning on the door to leave her alone and not to call her names, specifically fat or pregnant and an airplane.  Your basic needs for a used book store.
4	This place is HUGE! Friendly service. Great deals. You could look for hours!
3	I love books, and even better are places that sell used ones!Book Buyers overall is not terrible.They have a lot of books, and some chairs. Unfortunately, they do not have that many books I would be interested in buying. They DO have an exceptionally a large selection of paperback classics, but the distribution of newer fiction/non-fiction titles is less varied and impressive. Their shelves are tall and the shop itself, though large, is rather generic. Some of the vintage books they have on sale are expensive and in very poor condition i.e., falling apart.If you're a student this is a stop you might want to make to either sell back or buy books. If you're interested in books, this is a neat place because it houses a lot of them. If you're looking for something special, you may need to look beyond Book Buyers.Three stars- one for having/selling books, one for having chairs, and another for being across the street from the library.
4	Book Buyers is great way to speak an afternoon and a few $. The is one of the few used bookstores in Charlotte and though I feel a city of this size should have more used book retailers, I'll take what we got.The place has the sweet, stale smell of a used bookstore and surprisingly  a well-rounded collection. Non-fiction is their forte, which is rare for used bookstores. Unlike many used stores that have more titles of the same old Dr. Phil book or Danielle Steel, this store has more hard to find reads.  They have an exceptional history and social science section.  And books in foreign languages.  Wanna read Moliere in French?  Tres bon!I can't stand cats so I normally eye that black beast if he wants to stroke my leg (eww).  The titles are decently priced, with a dollar shelf and several carts of paperback at the door.  The young lady who works there is rather nice, the older gentleman is not so much.  Still, I go for the books and I'm rarely disappointed.
3	Easy to spend an hour in this place. Prices are decent, and the staff is very freindly.
4	Went for the 1st time a little over a month ago. The bookstore has a great assortment of books, old and current selection, clean, organized and very cheap!! Can't get any better
3	Any used bookstore must be judged firstly on selection -- which this place seems to have a pretty large selection -- and then on organization.  Sure, it's fine to search and search until you find that treasure, but it never hurts to be able to immediately go to the treasure either.  The only reason I have to knock a couple stars off is because the final, and paramount factor is the price.  You can get anything off of amazon or popular titles from the big box book stores if you are willing to pay for it.  When I think second hand books I think cheap, and this place seems to be a bit above what I might expect.  To me a 15 year old travel guide (kind of time sensitive don't you think?) shouldn't be $4.95.  I guess that's not so much money, but $2 less and I would've left with a handful of them (kinda my festish), but for this price I left empty-handed.  Still not bad and I recommend going, but you're not going to run out of here laden with books excited to tell your friend about the great steals you just got at Book Buyers.(in-store cat is really cute, but since my GF is afraid of cats [don't ask, I don't understand either] it drove her out of the store)
4	Great used book store in Plaza Midwood with a very angry cat. I could stop my review there, but it just wouldn't do justice to the love I have for this place. Amongst rows of shelves, you'll find just about everything here at a great price. The older gentleman that runs the store always knows where whatever you ask for is and his suggestions have never steered me wrong. Sure, he's not exactly brimming with Southern friendliness but he's a straight shooter and knows his books - what more do you want in a bookstore?The parking is easy, the hours are convenient and there's just something so mom-and-pop mixed with dive bar mixed with almost-out-of-business-please-help-us that makes it lovable to me. But that damn cat needs to be taken to their house - sometimes I wander into him by accident and his claws have their way with me :'(
5	I love it!  Thought I was getting hoodwinked on a book purchase until I went online and found out the book I purchased was hard to find and obviously priced "reasonably" for that reason.  Nice and quiet.  They have every topic you can think of.  I was shocked to see an African American section with worthwhile titles and subjects.  Bravo.
5	I've been going to Book Buyers for many many years. The first place I went  for things for my baby after I found out I was pregnant, was to Book Buyers.  They have a kid section that's awesome.  And books 5 for a dollar at the time.  Now that my son is older *8* I take him with me and he will sit and read and read and read.. (after he searches for Paige).  He gets a kick out of the fact that I tell him the first time he ever went to BB he was the size of a tiny bean.   I have read the other reviews, and for the most part all is on the nose.  I have also seen kids run rampant (and noisily) but usually those are the kids that dont stay long, because they drive their momma or daddy crazy until they all leave.  I also feel that its unfair to give BB a two star rating because they have no competition.    About the organization... yes, it's 'old school'... no computer system.. but isnt the joy of finding a book in going through the shelf or two of books available!  Their organization is not bad for a place that's not computerized.  The store is huge and has something for everyone.   It has places to sit and peruse and its comfortable.  Even has coffee, for those who absolutely have to have coffee in a book store.
4	This is a Huge used bookstore!  About seven years ago "55" introduced me to this place - It is great!  There is a sweet lady who is there most of the time I shop and is glad to look up something on their computer!Please do NOT bring your Rita's in the store (I did not, though I was thinking about it)!   Be careful of the cat (certainly seems friendly though I believe all saying he is NOT)!
4	I like used book stores for the very same reason that I like thrift stores... the thrill of a good find at unbelievable low price.  With that said, just like a thrift store, Book Buyers has books that would make anyone go "wtf" with a little "smh."  I have to be fair and say I mostly linger on the outside where they have carts and carts of $1 books.  I guess for a dollar I can't complain much about the out-dated, "eclectic" collection of undesirable reads.  But hey, just because I have no interest in an old edition of North Carolina legislature procedure rule book doesn't mean it's not a gem for someone else right?!  There have been days when I just feel like finding a book to read but deprived by the library across the street (thanks budget cut!), I would try my luck here... and last night I found The Lovely Bones for $1.Book Buyers may not be everyone's cup of tea, but for me, I think it's one of the places that give my neighborhood a little character.
5	This place is one of the institutions that makes Plaza Midwood the premier neighborhood in Charlotte, in my opinion.  Not only is it a great neighborhood bookstore, but the selection in incredibly extensive.  It's the type of used bookstore you would expect to find in a much larger city.In addition, they have at least one crazy cat, and warning posters all over describing the danger of cat bites if you get too close.  I'm guessing that's mostly a joke.  Mostly.Anyway, if you haven't been you really should check it out.  You can have B&N and Borders (RIP), I'll take places like this.
4	I am constantly on a quest for a great used book store.  I'd passed by this little place a few times, and one day I finally went inside.  The first moment I walked in the door, my senses flooded with the scent of old books (one of my favorite scents on the planet, strange as that is).  They really have a pretty large selection of books, which was surprising given the size of the store.  They had a greatly blend of fiction and nonfiction.  I appreciate that they had it laid out in narrower categories than many used book stores I've been to in the past.Just one minor complaint so far.  Some categories of fiction novels were intertwined in shelves that I assumed at first glance were nonfiction.  It made it a little difficult to find some of the categories of fiction books.  I'll definitely be returning here in the foreseeable future.
4	Stopped by today to trade two huge bags of books.  The store has recently been totally rearranged -- the part closest to Rita's is closed up and now they are just in the space adjacent to Subway.  It seems like when they shrunk the store, the collection of books also had to get more focused.  More of the fiction is current/recent, or otherwise the kind of thing that doesn't go out of style.  I was able to walk down the fiction aisle and quickly find 8 books that appealed to me to take in trade for my pile of old ones.  Stop in right now and support Book Buyers, they are an excellent neighborhood resource.
4	Although they've recently downsized, Book Buyers has still managed to keep me entertained with its vast selection of books (I think they somehow fit everything from both rooms into one). I could spend forever in this store, and sometimes I think I do. Each section is clearly marked, and although some of the selection sits there for a while, there are always new titles coming in. Mystery, fiction, 50 cent romance, anthropology, trivia, crafting (though mostly candle-making based), cookbooks, books in foreign languages, large print, children/teen fiction, self help, a huge selection of audio books, a somewhat stagnant though impressive selection of american history and war related, and of course - the school section. Feel like re-reading the red badge of courage or the hunchback of notre dame (or maybe just the cliffsnotes)? You're covered. Almost all the books range from lovingly worn to like new, I've seen very few that I thought were below standard (but were always priced accordingly). I also love that they'll only put a few of the same book on the shelf, if they have more copies they go up top, so you aren't left staring at 15 identical items. There's a small retail selection of organic and eco-friendly goodies (plus some scattered small display cases with items for sale), and honestly some of the nicest people working (not to mention shopping, I feel like everyone likes to strike up a conversation). A few chairs towards the back if you feel like diving in right away, and yes, the occasional cat confrontation. They also have the bargain book bins out front, and the free paperback with purchase section... sometimes there's a gem, sometimes there isn't, but always worth a look.
4	They have a great selection of books of all types and give great service but they also know how to leave you alone and let you browse if you like.  A great place to search for something that you didn't even know you wanted to read!
4	If only I had the space for more bookshelves... this would be a great go to place to spend time sorting through titles and finding books you would like to read - on the cheap.  Yes, I have a Kindle, but there is something about a book in hand and turning pages that really appeals to me - call me old fashioned.Great space, really cool neighbors in Rita's and a cool looking eatery's nearby.  Makes for a good spot to browse while you "walk off" a heavy meal or kill time waiting on friends that are late.
4	Love Love Love Book Buyers.   Not only am I a magazine junkie I love browsing book stores.  I will never own a nook, or a kindle, or buy a book online unless I really have too.  For me buying books and  magazines is all about the experience, the smell, the calmness that surrounds you, the hundreds of choices that are given to you. I roam around Book Buyers at least every other week and I always find something I want.   You can pick up some steals here and they have a great selection to choose from.  If you need help finding anything just ask one of the staff members they are always more than happy to help you.
4	I was expecting a few shelves with paperbacks and hardcovers. Instead, I found a massive store with a shedload of great books! This place is ginormous! No, you have no idea. Maybe it's not Wal-Mart sized, but it's sure close or at least it feels like it.Lots and lots and LOTS of books, all organized by section. While the specific title I was hoping to find wasn't here, I still managed to pick up 6 paperbacks that will keep me well entertained for a while.Note: the shop has a 'house cat' and many signs are posted that you aren't supposed to trouble her. I'm a cat person myself and so I did pretty well. Once she had enough of me, I knew to back off. Her name is "Page". Of course.
4	I live close to book buyers and am an , "old school" kind of person when it comes to technology.  I don't have a kindle.  I like to pick up a real book and turn the pages,etc.  Being semi-retired, my income is now low.  I can go to book buyers and stock up on a bunch of the 50 cent paper backs for a few bucks.  It's also fun to browse the inside when I'm needing something specific.  The store is neat and well organized and has a tranquil air about it.  It gives me that "back in the day" feeling!  I like their relatively new section of organic products, but unfotunately, they are all out of my price range.  The books inside the store are relatively expensive also, which is why I didn't give it 5 stars.  But you always get to choose a book from the free book rack when you purchase anything, and I've actually gotten some of my favorite books from the free rack!
2	One of the most underwhelming bookstores I've visited. The fiction section looks like the shelves of books at Goodwill, basically lots and lots of junk. The Classics section is the only part that's close to being OK. This store doesn't give cash for books and on-top of that really lowball you when it comes to trade credit. The Last Word uses an electronic checkout so they seem to go through and take out stuff that doesn't sell and discount to keep a fresh influx of books moving. Not that writing prices inside the book doesn't work, I've seen plenty of bookstores use it, but they had taste in the inventory kept and had prices to match. This could be a great bookstore but for now it is pretty mediocre. If this store wants to see more traffic they should start giving more for trade credit so more readers will come and sell books and keep a steady supply of new books. Also start pricing books competitively to online prices such as Amazon and Half.com. Just my two cents, I'd open my own bookstore if I had the money.
4	Enjoyed my visit to book buyers.  The woman working at the counter was VERY helpful.  She asked me if it is my first time visiting the store and then proceeded to describe the layout of the store to me.  Then, as I spent an hour and a half browsing the fiction, student, and classics section, she asked me twice if I was doing ok.  Bookstore has a good selection of used books and a good mix of genre fiction and literary fiction and the prices seemed very fair (all of the books I looked at were $4.95-$6.95).  The books were also in very good condition showing that the owner and employees are interested in providing a good product to their customers.  Book Buyers also has a huge selection of $1 books and also gives a mass market paperback for free with a purchase (although I didnt find anything interesting on the rack...there were many choices for people who like more mainstream fiction).  Finally, Book Buyers has a nice selection of vegan items (cookies, marshmallows, etc.) available for purchase.Nice selection, good prices, vegan items, and friendly staff!
5	When I'm in need of a book fix and don't feeling like waiting on Amazon to deliver I head on up to Book Buyers. This place has supplied me with several interesting books, that I have found stuffed in it's vast rows of shelves. It was here where I found my fist Oscar Wilde book.They give you an OK deal with trade-ins. Recently I traded "A Peoples History" for "The Great Gatsby" without paying any extra. The also have a section out front for discount books that you can occasionally find a gem in. Also, If you buy enough books they'll give you a free one!All and all a great book store. They even have a guard cat on watch. Oh, AND they sell various vegan snacks in the shop, which makes this place extra cool!
5	Can't say enough good things about Book Buyers...Great selection, great ambiance, wonderful service...Best bookstore in the Charlotte area (notice I didn't limit this to "used bookstore")...I send students here for general texts because of price and availability...And the Rescue Kitties are great too!
4	Everything about Book Buyers shows it's appeal and divine placement in Plaza Midwood. No business would suit this space more appropriately. From the musty smell of old, worn pages, the family cat just gallivanting around at will, odd finds and crazy selection, it's one of those places you just have to find yourself getting lost in from time to time. I've been in on multiple occasions and have really just enjoyed perusing and finding older copies of Tolkien novels and some cook books. Upon our last visit, we scored some great children's books for our nephew. We found some solid gold copies of old disney books, Winnie the Pooh, and a few Garfield coloring books. Needless to say, our little nephew was thrilled with all of the books. The prices were so good on some, too. Paying around $3 for a great, used book compared to the steep prices of a major book store is always a more palatable experience. The owners are so nice and they tend to have that syndrome where they know exactly where everything is. Pretty awesome. There are some pretty cool nick nacky items at the front counter, too. Always good when you need chapstick!
3	Great little used bookstore in Charlotte. Selection was great fro history books and literature.  The travel section was a bit disappointing, but I did find a great first edition of the Tibetan Book of the Dead.I would definitely come back for a visit.
5	Best used bookstore in Charlotte, and a long standing landmark in the Plaza Midwood neighborhood. The only bookstore that sells Dr. Bonner's soap! Don't mess with Paige(the resident feline), she will murder you! Love this place.
4	This is certainly one of my favorite bookstores but that could be because they aren't a lot of used bookstore in the area....while their African American section is fairly small, I'm a reader that LOOOVES all kinds of books so it doesn't me that much. There has never been a time I've gone in Bookbuyers in which I haven't purchased a book. The owner or the lady who is always at the register is pretty helpful, the other two employees or maybe they are her parents, aren't necessarily unfriendly, but they aren't welcoming either, they kind of just stare you down. They have an ever growing selection of natural products which is cool. I love the feel of the place it a decent size yet still inviting. I'm not a fan of the cats, but they have never messed with me, and for that I'm grateful. The prices are okay, I have found some GREAT books for cheap, and then I've run across some book that were a little too much for a used book.I've only traded books here once and it was okay, you don't get cash for the books you only get store credit, I also had quite a few African American titles she didn't seem to want, which I though was odd, because the selection definitely is small, but maybe they don't have a lot of buyer for then...meh, what can you do. All in all, I still like Bookbuyers.
4	Just like anything second hand, the selection varies. They typically have a pretty good selection, at great prices. The owners not the friendliest..but who cares.
4	Great local used bookstore. I've taken books here to sell for credit towards book purchases. It's a great way to recycle through your books. They also sell an array of items in the front of the store from water bottles to kids toys. The staff is very friendly and helpful.
4	A great used bookstore. Definitely one of the best, most dynamic,and most extensive in the area. Tucked away in a nondescript little shopping plaza. Prices are very reasonable. Knowledgeable employees who read books. Long aisles filled with a vast assortment of newer older and oddball titles I can always find something to read in here. Snacks, victuals, drinks, and old magazines. Pretty close to perfect.
5	I love reading, in general, and this store, specifically!  In addition to having a huge selection of books on every imaginable topic, the staff is friendly, a cute cat walks around, and there are a bunch of comfortable places to sit and flip through books before deciding which ones to buy.  There is also a counter up front where you can buy healthy snacks and other vegan-friendly products.  It's places like this that give Plaza-Midwood that quirky neighborhood feel that I love so much!!!
5	This is an awesome, eclectic used bookstore with a great selection of well arranged books, and a few years back they added a couple of rows of other things like vegan snacks and food, environmentally friendly products, herbal thingies for your home and/or body, and some locally made soaps and stuff. My partner and I have been coming here for years! He is a big reader of history and philosophy, among other serious subjects, and always finds reads here that interest him which can't be found at the big chain bookstores. Oh sure, he could find his fav reading material online, but what fun is that? lol! My reading does not usually include such heavy subjects but I love to browse and I always find some reads that interest me as well. And being a cat lover, I enjoy a visit with Page, the resident bookstore kitty, and I really appreciate that the owner and employees are not only Earth and health conscious but cat lovers, too!
1	the customer service was bad, the store smelled horrible, the price set too high. try your luck at library sales.
