5	So I had a last minute time crunch for a printing project. It seems like no matter how far ahead in advance I plan for things, I always Always ALWAYS end up wishing I had just a little more time. This situation was no different.A designer friend recommended this company to me, and I knew it had to be good because he's even more last minute than I am when it comes to everything. I needed a 4x6 postcard printed for an event I have coming up. One day turned into the next and then the sweat and panic set in and then... holy crap! Holy crap! It was Wednesday, and I quickly pulled together everything I needed... of course sweating bullets for my designer friend to get me the file I needed in time. I got the files, filled out the online layout form, followed the super simple instructions, paid for extra fast service to allow for Friday delivery, and I ended up getting the postcards the very next day (just like the estimated shipment said). Had it been Thursday, there's a chance I wouldn't have trusted getting the order on Friday, but in this case there was no drama whatsoever.My postcards are exactly what I expected... all 250 of them. The print quality is great. And, it was just a little over $100. I can't wait to order more in the future!Thanks for saving me Overnight Prints!
1	BE AWARE.  I chose Overnight Prints to actually get some business cards "Overnight"  Their advertising leads you to believe that you will get your cards overnight...as well as their High cost of shipping.  My cards didn't arrive till the evening of the 3rd day and I didn't have the cards for the event I ordered them for.  I have never paid $30 for shipping to receive product in 3+ days, and they refuse to refund at least shipping.Their customer servise is TERRIBLE!!!
1	My graphic designer helped me to order 100 business cards from here. I paid extra for heavy stock and rounded corners. I could only use half of the cards because the other half had horrible looking creases in them on the top. I sent a picture and asked for a resolution. The customer service person (James) kept making weird requests requiring me to jump through multiple vaguely described confusing hoops. I finally gave up, and my graphic designer ordered them from somewhere else at no additional cost to me. I think that overnight prints lost more than just my business by being ridiculous.
1	One of the most dishonest, deceptive and ignorant companies I have come across as a real estate agent. Any problem you have saving a file and logging back in and retrieving it is because your browser, adobe or flash is not "up to date." This is the standard, untrue reply from customer service. If you are having this problem select "reorder" and your file will FINALLY appear in your "basket" and you can edit it. To save a file you have to go through the ordering and check out process which makes you think you are ordering your file. No doubt this is Overnightprints intent - to get you to commit to ordering so they make you believe you MUST order and can't save your file.Second, the pricing CHANGES while you are ordering. One minute 250 cards are about $35 dollars and the next  they are $150.! This company uses every trick in the book to deceive the customer.
1	Will never use them again. Their shipping promises are for the birds. Do not count on the cards arriving when they say they will.
1	I have been ordering from this company since 2001. Back then everything was great. Somewhere along the line it has turned into a complete cluster. Rounded corners come inconsistent and octagonal. Definitely NOT round. The product is never delivered by the date provided & when it comes it's usually incorrect. I've had colored prints come in black & white. I've had big streaks & discolorations running down postcards. The rounded corner issue mentioned above. No one ever knows anything & you always get tossed around from person to person until someone stumbles on a solution by chance. I've had more reprints than actual orders. The best is when they contact you 4 days after the scheduled delivery (expedited shipping) to say they "lost the artwork". Shouldn't something like that be addressed???  This company is a joke. Go somewhere else even if the cost is double.
1	I first used this company in about 2006 and have used it at least once a year and sometimes more, for business and personal projects.  This year I had post cards printed that included eight photos, only two of which are visible, the rest are too dark to be seen.  Although in the past there had been a quality problem, they had quickly resolved it, which gained my loyalty.  In this case after several back and forth correspondences I was ultimately told that they cannot guarantee a perfect color match and are unwilling to make it right.  This is not about a perfect match, it is about an unusable product which I will have to throw away.
