4	IN A SENTENCEA unique hotel I'd visit again.THE GOOD:- Very unique, hip, industrial design.  Looks very modern and reminded me a lot of a San Francisco nightclub.- The hotel had one of the craziest in-room shower contraptions I've ever seen.  There were four dials: The top one controlled water coming from above, the second one controlled water shooting at you directly from the panel perpendicular to the above water, the third dial controlled water from a handheld, and the bottom knob controlled temperature.  I had a lot of fun with this thing.- They weren't stingy with soaps and towels and I got new stuff each night.- Everything's really new.  I hope it stays this awesome a few years from now.- There was a fun TV in hall to watch while waiting for the elevator.  Too bad it didn't have sound or closed captions.- They were great about calling taxis, which were all charged to your room (no tip required even).- Very friendly reception desk.  They greeted me in a friendly manner every time I passed through the area, gave restaurant/bar recommendations, and we got free local chocolate when we checked in.- Great bar area.  It was almost always deserted, but the bartender was friendly, and the drinks were unique and good.  The seating was comfy.- We put on a company event in the restaurant downstairs.  The food was really good for a hotel... skewers, ahi on crackers.THE LESS GOOD:- I found the decor very industrial.  It was like living in a hip nightclub rather than at home, which isn't really what I'm looking for in a hotel.- It was a bit cold in general in the room.  As an Asian person who likes to walk around barefoot, it wasn't fun walking on cold concrete.  Turning on the heat helped, but then the air got really dry.- The bathroom isn't fully enclosed so there's a large gap above bathroom conected to the bedroom.  This is well above eye level and helps air out the bathroom, but it means (1) you better trust the person in the bedroom isn't going to peek while you're taking a shower and (2) it's very hard for one person to get up earlier than the other person and take a shower, since everyone in the entire room can hear it.
4	The hotel has a very manufacturing/industrial feel to it on the inside with a low of concrete walls and ground. It doesn't feel "homely" like most other hotels but it is also very clean and the service is great (the wait staff being helpful to find directions, order a cab, etc.)The one odd thing are the doors. The door to the bathroom and toilet room (yes, they are separate rooms) are sliding. But the top of the wall isn't completely sealed off so if multiple people are in the room, the light from the bathroom can seep into the sleeping area.The insides come with a full kitchen, coffee maker, and food-to-order. The bedding is very comfortable, as they have the duvet style comforters along with 4 queen sized pillows that are soft for side sleepers. It's a nice place to stay if you are only there for a couple of days.
4	Not bad, not bad at all! I'm very happy to have a new alternative to Best Western, Doubletree, Concourse and the few other options on or close to campus (walking distance). Great location, across the street from the Fieldhouse and Camp Randall, HotelRed is a great addition to Madison. My wife and I came here for a night to get away from Chicago and do something for a couple days.  Finding nothing at the last minute in Madison I stumbled upon HotelRed and the website really sold us. The rooms are very cheap for a regular king room and the prices are cheap for suites. The hotel and the rooms was an old converted series of storefronts and apartments, I believe, so the hotel has a very industrial feel to it. Cement walls and contemporary furnishings give this place a different feel from most hotels. The rooms are almost loft-style.  Even the simple king room had a two-burner stove top, a dishwasher, sink, coffee maker, fridge full of beer (great selection including New Glarus), SmartWater, juice, and pop and then some snacks on the counter (all for purchase). The shower is pretty damn cool with three different settings (rainhead, across the shower and the handheld.  Overall, the bathrooms are pretty nice and they give you some good toiletries to use.The bed is ultra comfortable from the matress to the pillows to the down comforter in a duvet. Nice 42" LG flatscreens on the wall with a decent channel lineup make the rooms fairly comfortable.  The king rooms also have a desk, drawers and a standalone single comfy chair. Also, your rooms will have an iron and ironing board.The bar downstairs serves food but we didn't try anything as we were set on Greenbush Bar. We came back to the bar after eating to have a couple drinks rather than go to a college bar (we're 31, no more crazy Madtown bars for me). The bar was nice and the beer selection was decent. Adequate hard liquor selection but the wine list was a bit lacking.  Not much of an atmosphere because it was fairly empty and the bartenders were new (as the hotel was only open two months at the time) but it was low-key and they had sports on the TVs and music playing. The lights were a little too bright tho.Anyway, we'll def be back as we enjoyed our room, the great customer service, free parking and free wi-fi!.
4	Madison has some excellent B&Bs, but beyond those, the options for "business" travel are the usual corporate econoboxes - major exception hotelRED. Looking as if it was airlifted into the West campus area direct from central Berlin, this hotel is the most "Euro" in feel I've found in the MidWest. Super arty decor in the lobby, huge (and opening!!!) windows, serious German plumbing, RED has it all. Add the good bar, mildly hipster clientele, super friendly staff and there's seriously no other place to stay in town
5	I have had two really good meals here. They have started offering the new menu, Tapas style. I had dinner at the Madison club last night which was great. This was simpler fare, but each item was fresh and prepared well and seasoned perfectly. Service is friendly but amateur. I will be back. I hope they keep it up. Try the olive oil cake and the salmon with risotto.
5	What an amazing hotel in Madison and something different from the norm.  The HotelRed is awesomeness.  Right across the street from Camp Randall Stadium and sporting a very contemporary black, white, and red theme the service is top notch, the bar is great, and the hotel is stunning. If you coming to Madison this is the place to stay.
5	Love this hotel! Modern and beautiful. Staff is super friendly. Makes me feel like I am in a big city vs madison. What a great boutique find for Madison!!
4	My husband & I stayed here Easter weekend and it was very quiet.  This is a modern and creative hotel right next to the University of Wisconsin stadium.  It would be very convenient for coming up for a game.  There is a small kitchen area with refrigerator,small stove, dishwasher, and nice modern individual cup coffee maker.  The floors are cement and clean.  The feather bed mattress was extremely comfortable.  The best thing was the multi-jet shower, something straight out of Kohler, but a knock off.Nice!!! But, the only down-fall was the internet did not hook up for our computer and the cable T.V had pauses, like there was a storm, when there wasn't.  There is a bar& small restaurant in the lobby.
4	I was here for a conference at the Univ. of Madison, WI. Close to campus. Very modern hotel, comfortable, quiet, and clean. Friendly reception with great candy treats. It isn't close to downtown, however, other local businesses are within walking distance.
5	Hands down, best hotel in Madison. Clean, modern but comfortable rooms. AMAZING shower. Comfortable bed. Quiet hotel. So impressed!
5	No questions, this was the best hotel experience, EVER.  We stayed in a single bed room, which also had a sofa sleeper, and had more than enough room for the two of us.  The urban, metro, and euro design were well incorporated, and the multiple jet body shower was to die for.  With the kitchenette this felt more like a rented loft and less like a hotel.The staff were impeccable and tended to our every need, including resolving an issue with another room on the floor whose guests were smoking weed in the room/building.  The cordial staff went above and beyond to make our stay memorable, and they did just that.  The recommendations for restaurants were great and the complimentary shuttle made getting to and from downtown Madison a breeze.My only suggestion to the management would be to have the custodial services staff follow the "green" procedures of not replacing towels which were hung to dry.  A minor request which in no way significantly marred our experience.An overwhelming thank you to all of the staff who made our six night stay memorable.  There will be no need for us to find a different hotel the next time we are Madison, HotelRed will be our destination of choice!
3	The building is poured concrete. The room has a concrete floor and a concrete ceiling. The place smells like fresh concrete. The water tastes like rotten eggs (okay, it is Madison). The staff is friendly and clueless (college students?). No fitness room but they gave me a pass to a gym a couple miles away. Bizarro shower (with the requisite concrete floor). The restaurant staff is really interested in talking to each other, as opposed to doing mundane stuff like taking orders, bringing food when it comes out of the kitchen, etc. Food was remarkably under-seasoned yet fairly expensive.Sometimes I think I expect too much. But I've stayed at some ridiculously awesome hotels - Intercontinental in Montreal, Soniat House in New Orleans - so I feel comfortable rating this place as just okay.
4	Nice place, center of everything and cool decor.  Modern, concrete and semi-open bathroom.
4	My family and I loved this place.  Sure the staff are college kids and probably don't know as much as they could have about families with kids and what to recommend, but they were very friendly and helpful.  The hotel itself is very modern, which I love.  I've never stayed in a hotel without carpet (they've got concrete floors in the rooms with rugs), but honestly ... carpet is pretty gross, hides all sorts of dirt.  So I appreciated the concrete floors, which were very clean (and I appreciate the fact that you could tell if they're dirty).  We had a king size bed (we thought it was a bit too soft) and a pull out couch bed for our 2 boys.  I believe it was a suite.  It had a balcony, a small fridge, a sink, microwave, dishes and flatware... plus wine glasses and a wine opener.The location is really good .... great pizza place (Pizza Brutta) walking distance down the road.We've stayed at the Ruby Marie before last year, and we liked it pretty well.  But we'll be back to HotelRed without a doubt!
5	I was super impressed with this hotel!  My room, with a queen bed and a ktichenette was about 130 before taxes.The rooms -  so modern and fun.  The shower looked like it could beam you up somewhere.  The service -  great.  The staff was super courteous and welcoming.   The location - nice and quiet.    It took us 15 to 20 minutes to walk to State Street and we probably could have walked to the capital if we wanted.    The bar - relaxing with a great bartender.  When we checked in we got a 2 for 1 drink special for the bar so we of course had to check it out.  The bar was great place to  hang out in, the bartender was super nice and when I asked for a bit of tweak to one of the drink specials he was totally down to make me what I wanted.  If I go back to Madison I'm staying here every time.
5	Color me (red) impressed! HotelRed is pretty fab! In terms of accessible and affordable hotels (outside of game days), this modern abode is tops. Let's roll down the attributes, shall we? The location: A stone's throw away from Camp Randall and very accessible to campus. If you need to throw yourself into anything Bucky related, this is a great location.  The lobby: Clean, modern and full of red accents! I felt quite welcomed in this well lit space filed with friendly employees. The service: Speaking of friendly, everyone I encountered from the front desk attendant to housekeeping to the concierge to the CM was quite cool. Not overly smiley-in-your-face-so-cheery-it-hurts, but perfectly amiable. The rooms: Full kitchenettes in every room! Woot! And a nicely price honor bar to boot. The beds are quite soft and comfy with a nice view of the large LG flatscreen. The bathrooms are also very modern with a giant showerhead and sprayers. And don't forget the Aveda bath products. Don't think I didn't take those home. My one recommendation - provide each room with a pair or two of slippers or grippy socks - those concrete floors can be chilly on bare feet! The restaurant: I ordered room service from The Wise, the restaurant downstairs. My baked mac and cheese with artichokes and pancetta was pretty delightful. If you get a chance to snack or sip at the hotel, definitely give the restaurant a go. Plus, their patio is comfortable and huge! The amenities: Free parking, access to a few nearby fitness opportunities (health clubs, bike rentals, running trails), and complimentary chocolates and beverage upon arrival.
5	What a find!  Recently stayed for a night passing thru Madison.  It's like an aloft only nicer and cooler IMHO.  The room is larger than aloft, well appointed, and with that nice modern open feeling and design.  Lots of exposed concrete used very effectively.  Room was well appointed, you could even do a little cooking if you wanted to.Bed was very comfortable, room was quiet at night - great sleep.The lobby bar is well-stocked and their happy hour is decent.  We had fun talking with the psych-major bartender.  He gave some good recommendations for eats nearby.We asked for a bit of a late checkout and they were very easy about it.  There is some free covered parking... excellent bonus.I would gladly go back next time I happen to be in Madison.
4	If for any reason I am in Madison again, I will only stay at HotelRED! Great customer service and a free shuttle anywhere within 3-5 miles of the hotel... Nice rooms, nice bar and right across the stadium from UW.
5	Love, love this industrial modern ambiance. Great use of color and texture throughout the hotel. Priced like a holiday inn express but feels like the W. bar was open and tender friendly and charming. Kitchenette is perfect for stashing your leftovers and heating up the next day. Location is super central and parking included. Definitely would stay here if visiting madison.
5	This place is crazy good.  Reasonable, great menu, awesome drink, and if you got the cash the hotel part is amazing.  If you have not stayed here or haven't at least partaken in their food and faire.  They occasionally have a great DJ or entertainment available.  Also great for events where you want upscale style at a reasonable price.  Nothing I can say remotely bad about this spot.  A must if your staying in Madison.
4	I was at red for the HotelRed Yelp night!!!! Great little appetizers were served by their on site chef. They were great!HotelRed offers a nice space to hold a little party that was separated just enough from the bar/eating area. I have not stayed at HotelRed over night yet, so that will be a later yelp. But what I can say, it is very clean, spacious, and great food.Not to forget if your heading to a Badger Game, it is directly across from Camp Randell!
5	Stayed at HotelRed for 3 days and our stay was wonderful!  The rooms were gorgeous, and every single employees were very friendly, and was willing to help with any problems we encouters.  (i.e. our shower had really hot waters only, and when i called, someone came up within like 5minutes to fix the issues)  We stayed in the room with bathtub in the room, and it was heaven!  the kitchenette came handy, and i can't think of a better place to stay in Madison, WI! :)
5	By far, the best hotel in Madison.  Have stayed here a few times, and every stay I continue to be more impressed by both the modern style/chic-ness of the accommodations and the excellent customer service.  During our most recent stay, there was a miscommunication regarding our breakfast order.  Not only did the staff remedy the issue immediately, but a short time later they delivered a complimentary bottle of wine (thank you!).If you are looking for a modern, immaculately clean hotel in a location that can't be beat, look no further than Hotel Red!  Their customer service also guarantees that this is the only hotel at which I'll stay while in Madison.
5	Clean. Clean. Clean.Did I mention how clean it was? When I stay at a hotel, it is very important that it is newer and CLEAN!! HotelRed met my expectations. It was modern, the service was fantastic, we were able to have our dog with us, and it's in a great location.Oh and they had Aveda products in bathroom... which I love!
1	Do not choose this Hotel if you want to have a room when you get in town. I called the night before to check my reservation and they did not have me in the system nor did hey have a room to offer for their mistake. They were unapologetic and did not offer any other room as a replacement. The person whom answered the phone was confusing and did not know what she was doing! I will not recommend this place to anyone!!!! I would have a better chance at getting a room in the girls dormitory.
5	What a great hotel!  We have absolutely zero complaints!  Convenient free parking, spacious clean and modern rooms with GREAT bedding, and dog friendly!  There's a great old-timey diner around the corner for breakfast (Mickey's Dairy Bar) and the hotel is only 2 miles from the square/capitol building.  Not to mention the hotel provides a free shuttle for anywhere to and from the city!  Everyone was so warm and friendly, we'll definitely be back soon.
5	Fantastic experience in the end!  We started our trip with a bad experience at Hotel Red but they more than turned it around and made us happier after having had a problem than they could have if we had never had a problem in the first place!  The food was great, location fantastic, rooms and lobby well designed.  No complaints!
4	Very modern. Clean. Friendly staff. So close to Camp Randal that you can throw a rock onto the field.
4	Great hotel, and if you're in Madison for a Badgers game (Go Bucky!), the location can't be beat (it's right across from Camp Randall). Small, modern, boutique hotel, with nice amenities and an incredibly wonderful staff. We were given an early check-in and late check-out without any problem.For starters, they offer free parking AND free wi-fi, so right off the bat, I'd be inclined to stay here over most other places in the area. They also offer a free shuttle service to anywhere within a three-mile radius. That certainly comes in handy as there can be some difficulty in parking in Madison. We used the shuttle to go to the Farmers' Market and it worked out perfectly.The hotel is pet-friendly, and there's a bowl of treats and  a "welcome" sign with your pet's name on it in the lobby. I thought that was super cute. I imagine on a busy day, the sign would say "Welcome Sparky, Lucy, Hunter, Fluffy, Charlie, etc."The room itself was wonderful. There's a small kitchenette with a two-burner range, microwave, dishwasher, refrigerator and REAL dishes, silverware and glassware. They even had champagne glasses so we could enjoy our Veuve Clicquot properly. The honor bar features locally made products and liquors.(I so wanted to scoop up the adorable mini bottles of Death's Door gin and vodka, but at $11 apiece, I decided against it.)The bathroom had a separate toilet area, which is always appreciated, especially when you're not traveling solo. The European Spa shower was pretty amazing too, once I figured it out. There were so many handles and levers, that at first I thought I was in an airport hangar and not a shower. The rooms have concrete walls and floors so the floor can get chilly, but they offer complimentary slippers to all guests. There's a small fitness center on the premises and complimentary grocery pick up from a local store. Be sure and check out "The Wise," the hotel's restaurant and bar for some tasty vittles and cocktails. There's even an outside patio that I can't wait to check out in the summer.The only negatives I have would be that for a hotel that prides itself on being "green," it was dismaying to see the dishwasher running when we checked into our room, but with no dishes at all inside. And despite hanging our towels up after use so they wouldn't be replaced (as instructed), we still were given new towels. I also didn't like the fact they only had Coffee-Mate creamer and not "real" cream--we're in Wisconsin! If you're going for an upscale feel and have Keurig brewers in each room, then methinks you should not have imitation dairy products. I realize I'm probably splitting hairs, but I just can't stomach non-dairy creamer in my morning joe.I loved this hotel and it's definitely going to be our first choice when staying in Madison. Of course, I may feel differently staying here during a Badgers home game, because I imagine it's an entirely disparate experience.4.5 stars.
4	Love the location to Camp Randall.  In fact, I love the outdoor patio.  If you are not looking to be in the middle of a crowd, avoid this place on game days.  The Wise is a pretty good restaurant, nothing outstanding.  However, the place has a good feel.  Essentially you go there for the location because they are prime Camp Randall space.  I wish I had more to contribute but I have not stayed here.  I have only been to a gathering in the space off the lobby and restaurant.  And I have been to the restaurant.  It is a clean looking, modern lobby.  I would definitely host a function there.
4	My husband and I stayed here over New Year's because a family member was playing a show here and we didn't want to have to drive anywhere late night.  We were a little bummed because we weren't offered the discounted rate for the room even though we booked a month in advance and specifically stated that we were only staying because the band was playing (others in our group did get the discount and it was massive).  That being said, the hotel itself was awesome! It's super modern, which I love, and the showers are pretty spectacular.  We stayed in an "Executive King" and had plenty of room to move about.  There are kitchenettes in every room, with a microwave, stovetop, sink, dishwasher, and mini fridge.  The bathrooms are nice with a separate room for the toilet. Aveda products are provided. There is free covered parking but it's a little cramped and awkward getting in and out if you have a van / suv parked on either side of you (which happened to us). The staff was super friendly and offered us complimentary chocolates and a drink (very tasty) upon check-in.  The first room that we were assigned had a dead battery on the key card mechanism, so rather than making us wait for maintenance to fix it, they just moved us down the hall, which was fine.  We will definitely stay again if we make it back to Madison.
5	Rarely do I feel compelled to write reviews, but our experience here this past weekend was just awesome.The atmosphere was excellent all-around, with free parking, wifi, valet, and a shuttle service to anywhere in town.  We got chocolates when we arrived, and our room was clean and felt super posh. Every employee we met was extremely helpful, warm, and friendly, especially Molly at the front desk!She drove the shuttle to the place we had picked out for lunch (The Old Fashioned! Awesome!), and was really excited to talk food with us.  I'm an intense researcher when it comes to food when I travel, so I had a list of spots picked out before we came.  She let us know which were worth stopping for, and recommended some spots I didn't know about.  We took her advice and went to Bradbury's for coffee after lunch, and it was delicious.  She really helped make our trip special, and we will definitely be staying at this hotel next time we come to Madison.
4	HotelRED is in a really nice location - close to coffee shops, shopping, and some eats. And the rooms are quite lovely. They are spacious enough to include a kitchenette and the minibar is one of the most impressive I've seen in a hotel. It's definitely a modern design with almost everything feeling new, from the giant king-sized bed to the showerhead and sprayers in the bathroom. I was worried upon entering when I saw that the floor was basically concrete, without carpet, about how cold it might be, but my fears were for nothing because even in the dead of Madison winter the room was toasty warm.Due to a flight cancellation I was only able to stay one night in the hotel, but the staff were so kind and accommodating that they accepted my late cancellation without a charge due to the inclement weather.Free coffee in the lobby in the a.m. until 9 ish and a restaurant onsite all add up to a pretty nice hotel package. If you are looking for a hotel in this part of Madison you can't go wrong with HotelRED.
1	Review for the BAR only:Oh gosh. For a moderately upscale place that does so well with its rooms and overall service, the bar service and the bartenders couldn't be more clueless. They're nice people, but desperately need training in very basic skills. A few immediate things to fix:1. ALWAYS USE A STRAINER. Ice chunks (resulting from piss-poor bartending form) in any martini-style drink is unacceptable. This isn't even a "craft cocktail" thing. It's a basic thing. If you use a shaker and a glass to strain a $10 drink, you don't know what you're doing.2. STOP SAMPLING DRINKS WITH STRAWS IN FRONT OF PATRONS. So you mix a drink (presumably from a recipe) and dip a (presumably clean) cocktail straw into it to pull a sample? Really? Wow.3. UNDERSTAND AND MEMORIZE YOUR OWN RECIPES. An order from YOUR OWN DRINK MENU shouldn't be baffling.4. VIRTUALLY EVERY DRINK SHOULD BE GARNISHED. When was the last time you saw an Old Fashioned properly served without any type of garnish whatsoever? Yep...NEVER.5. LEARN HOW TO MEASURE. We watched as our two drinks poured out to about one and a half, at which point a few splishes of additional ingredients went into the shaker to top them off. OK, you can be off by a little, but not by half a drink. Again, probably just bad training and inexperience.I'm sure this group is fine with more student-oriented drinks like beer. But if you're going to offer a higher end experience, specialty drinks and higher prices (which are all perfectly fine and appreciated in the heart of UW Student Central), you need more skills than just dumping vodka in some type of mixer.We'll wait a while and try again.
4	This was our first time staying at this hotel, which is conveniently located near my brother's house. Usually, we stay with him but there was a big family event so we opted for a little sanity and our own bathroom this time. HotelRed is a very contemporary, minimalist boutique hotel that has everything you could really want- a cool bar, friendly, laid back employees and they are extremely dog friendly, even going so far as to have a little welcome sign chalk board, naming all of the dogs staying there, next to a treat bowl. The dog even got her own goodie bag which contained treats and poo bags. The rooms are quiet and clean, with flat screen TVs, free WiFi and the coolest showers ever! The only complaint I have with the bathrooms is that they are not really...um...private. I wouldn't go here if I were in a new relationship because the only ventilation the bathroom had came from the fact that it wasn't full enclosed- as in, it had a sliding door and kind of a loft ceiling. So you can hear pretty much everything going on in there, unless you run the water. Maybe we're prudes but that was not so great. Other than that, they have Aveda products and a kitchenette with an amazing "honor bar." We didn't use it because we went to the Wise Bar downstairs and had drinks but it was definitely an impressive selection of small bottles! The windows open out to a nice neighborhood view and it was pleasant to hear birds in the morning. They had free valet parking the weekend we were there but were later told it was only for a special event. Parking in general is free, though, which is great. The pet fee is $50, which for some reason is taxed (?!), and there is no pool but overall, we had a great stay and would definitely return the next time we need a getaway in Madison.
5	This is the most interesting and inspiring hotel I've ever encountered.  It is an ultra-modern hotel with suites that range from studios to two bedrooms.  They have done away with every depressing aspect of chain hotels, like old musty carpets and oceans of beige decor.  It feels like a swanky urban loft with ultra modern showers, European beds that are at the same time soft and supportive, state of the art electronics and great WiFi.  Because of the small scale, staff are extremely attentive.  This is what the 'W' aspires to be but falls short.  All hotels should be this way!
5	My wife and I celebrated our 10 year anniversary here.  We wanted a relaxing break, and Red delivered.  Our suite was huge with a view of Camp Randall stadium, and the complimentary shuttle service dropped us off in Madison to enjoy the night life. We would highly recommend Red because of the friendly staff and modern layout.
5	It's rare to see a hotel with such consistently great reviews, but this one definitely deserves it! From the moment you walk in the door, the staff is so pleasant, friendly, and helpful (which is probably pretty common in the Midwest, but I'm from New York so this is all new to me:)Probably the most enticing thing about this hotel is that they offer free shuttle service to and from the airport, and all over town. Will save so much money by not having to taxi it everywhere... The lobby is immaculate and the rooms are trendy and sleek. The shower is awesome and squirts at you from all directions. The floors can be a bit cold, so definitely grab some slippers from the front desk. Great hotel!!
4	Stayed here with my significant other this past weekend, very nice hotel, everyone in the lobby/bar were very friendly. Loved the room, the robes, the shower was nice but the door doesn't do much, water ended up all over the floor afterwards...and the bathroom isn't fully enclosed so when you turn the light on, it shines out to the rest of the room, which isn't too bad, unless it's late at night and you don't want to disturb anyone sleeping in the room.
4	There was a bit of an issue with the corporate account attached to my stay at HotelRed and Greg (I believe?) at the front desk went above and beyond to solve the problem and make sure my dog enjoyed her stay as well. After a very long day of travel, he made all the difference that night! Thank you!
5	Perfect. Booked through a third party site for just under $90 a night yes you have to pay for valet parking but it's worth it you just pull up and they park it for you come and go as much as you want and your car is is always ready. You get what you pay for but this hotel is perfect. The Restaurant at the hotel is a little pricey but the food is delicious and they have good happy hour specials. Buffet style breakfast for just over $11a person. The beds are kind of low so I wouldn't recommend it for people with a problem with that. I think its the best value for your money in the WI  area.
4	Stayed here as part of a visit to University of Wisconsin. The room decor is modern rustic with bare concrete. The rooms are large and the beds are great. The rooms have all sorts of amenities and all you need to stay for a few days. The kitchenette is well equipped and so is the mini bar. There is an ironing board, ... The shower has a real rain head and full body spray. The floors are concrete and can come across as cold. Otherwise a great hotel.
1	We visited the bar after a badger football game. It was PACKED! We could barely move. They had several bar tenders behind the bar but most of them seemed ill equipped to deal with the extreme number of customers. They overpoured, and some were flat out rude. I actually watched a bartender tell another guest that she was, "not very happy with them" and "I'm done with you after this" when he requested another drink. While I fully understand that they were busy, I felt this was extremely unprofessional. When we finally got someone to get us drinks it took him approximately 4 minutes to pour two glasses of wine! He was clearly untrained and had no idea what he was doing. He struggled to open the wine bottle.  We also ordered a bloody mary, as they looked amazing. Mine was served with a dead bug on the celery, a real dead bug, not a halloween decoaration. Disgusted but not wanting to wait for a new drink, I just removed the celery from my glass. Upon drinking it, it was really strong and also tasted like the juice was rotten. I took another sip and then tossed it. While I'm sure that hotel itself is lovely, they really do need to focus on their bar. I will not be back.
