5	I LOVED this place.   It has a bit of an Urban Outfitters/Anthropologie vibe, but the clothing is less expensive.  The salespeople were very friendly and helpful.  I actually tried on a dress and then had to run to a dinner reservation across the hall at the Burger Bar, so I needed to come back and buy the dress.  On my way out, the salesgirl handed me a $25 gift certificate, so when I came back, I got $25 off my total purchase. I'll be back the next time I am in Vegas!
4	As a solo traveler to Vegas for work I was looking to do a little retail therapy since I'm not the biggest gambler. Actually, my slot machine budget for this trip is $5 so maybe that's a bit of an understatement! I saw all the great reviews of Maude on yelp and thought I'd stop by to see whether the hype was true. A fellowreviewer noted the shop's similarity to Anthropology & I definitely see that commonality. The staff was immediately friendly & really helpful, in fact everything I ended up purchasing was picked out by them! There is a nice mix of trendy, feminine & sexy here and I was able to purchase an outfit in Vegas that would also work well in Boston. That's no small feat considering how conservative the Bay State can be! Though I went more for ecletic & cute than sexy Vegas mama you can go in that direction too, just don't expect to find backless dresses, bling or belly chains here. Think sleek lines, one shouldered tops & dresses and a romper or two and you've got the idea.All told I bought a dress, cardigan & two great necklaces all for $100 (with my $25 yelp discount!) I figure if my purchases end up costing less than the mini bar's way overpriced contents I'm doing ok. If you're looking for a fun, well presented store that won't break the bank look here.
5	I stumbled upon this store on accident while stopping by to visit Urban Outfitters. What a happy surprise to find this shop. They have wonderful pieces for great prices. Check out their sales rack for great deals at $20 a pop. There clothes is hip, modern, chic. Need I say more.
4	Such a cute little boutique. I had a $25 gift certificate for this place, so I came in with my boyfriend after walking around Urban Outfitters. The place is very small, but abundant with lots of cute jewelry and clothes. I expected everything to be extremely expensive, but I actually saw some clothing as low as $15 and jewelry as low as $3.50! I ended up getting two pairs of earrings ($3.50 ea.), a beautiful black/white, chunky necklace with dangling chains ($28), and a belt (my bf got it for me so I'm not sure about the price). Since I had the $25 gift certificate, I only had to pay about $11 bucks. I also signed up for their mailing list and they gave me a few 25% off coupons to use for my next visits. To be honest, I wouldn't have gotten the necklace if i didn't have a certificate because I don't wear necklaces very often, but this one was just to gorgeous to pass up (check out my pics). I had been looking for a chunky necklace for a while now and I couldn't even find one this pretty on Ebay, let alone for just $28. The earrings I got were very unique. One was a pair of brass colored clocks with roman numerals and the other pair looked like pearl white light bulbs with antique metal. The belt my boyfriend got for me is pretty quirky looking, but nonetheless cute. I really like the metal lock at the front.  He said he got it for me because he knew I'd have a hard time finding something to wear with it. That translates to more shopping for me!
5	This is a great and affordable boutique! They have great clothes! I love their jeans especially! Really great deals if you go at the right time too! The staff is really helpful. I also recommend to try the candles!!
5	For a being a small boutique on the Las Vegas Strip.  This place was pretty impressive.  Jade and I discovered this place by accident (during a pub crawl in the Mandalay Bay).  We ended up making a purchase that night and I signed up for their email list.  It's all women's stuff, but I figured with a sister and a girlfriend, it would be good to know about their deals; especially since I found their stuff to be decently priced.  I give this place a 5 star because of their unique offerings and the fact that they actually sent me a handwritten postcard offering me a deep discount on a future purchase.  Needless to say, I was able to pick up one of my Christmas presents here.  Pros:  *  The offerings as far as accessories/clothing are unique piece.  *  Prices are very affordable (Surprisingly!)  *  Friendly staffCons:  * Minimal selection..  The store is very small.  *  It's inside the mall in Mandalay Bay.  So parking sucks.  That's no surprise though.  *  Nothing for Men's... Boo!!Tips:  *  Get on their mailing list if you like their stuff.  That way you can take advantage of their deals.  Join their Facebook too!  *  They have more sizes in the back (just in case you see something that you like that is not in your size).
5	I discovered this store while waiting in line for a restaurant at Mandalay Place. I walked in and instantly fell in love. I've been back 3 or 4 times and haven't regretted a single purchase that I've made. The staff is friendly and extremely helpful. They even helped me with the dress that I wore when I got engaged! This store is amazing. I also want to point out that I plan out my next shopping adventure at Maude by the pictures they post on their Facebook of their newest arrivals. If you haven't checked them out, GO!! I've already talked about 7 people to go and buy clothing.
1	I was excited to visit a little boutique on the Las Vegas strip and based on the pictures on yelp, but sadly when I got here I was not impressed.I don't know if it's just the trends that's going on or what, but nothing here really caught my eye. I also saw the check-in offer yelp has for Maude, but when I asked the cashier about it, she had no clue what I was talking about and continued to tell me that there were other "deals" for tomorrow. Sorry, I'm not about to come back to this place to use your "deal".
4	awesome store wish i lived near it! super unique dresses. GLAM GLAM GLAM! it has vegas written all over it.
