4	I am a big fan of this place. And I'm not really into tires so to be "into" a tire place for me is saying something. Like any other tire shop, they'll rotate and change tires for you at the going rate, whatever it happens to be that day. But, where Discount draws a line in the sand is that it "guarantees" your tires. Translation: if a tire goes flat, or dies on you, and you bought it at Discount, you get a new one, for free. You can't tell me that ain't a sweet deal. They do some sort of depreciation if the tire lasts a long time but still cut you a serious break if you buy a new one through them.Word to the wise: Save your receipts from here in the glove box and make sure they are handy for your replacement purchase. It's a good deal in the long run.
3	They fix your tires.
5	The nicest people I have ever met buying tires.  I never felt pressured and they replaced my tires in 30 minutes.  The place was clean and the waiting area was quite nice for a tire place.  I selected my tires online, scheduled my appointment and they had everything ready when I came in.  Very cool.
5	Very fast, friendly, and efficient service.Got to walk across the street to do some shopping while getting new tires. They have a small waiting room but decided to do some shopping instead.Don't know why anyone would go anywhere else.Great job...will be back whenever I need tire maintenance.
5	After a VERY scary tire blowouton the 51 North, I had a friend do some mapquesting and determine that this Discount Tire location was within the 5 miles that my AAA would pay to be towed.  While I chose them based on an emergency situation + convenient location, I am now a lifetime customer!Jim greeted me upon my arrival and walked with me out to examine my car.  He patiently explained what had happened with my tire to cause it to explode (stupid nail and rubber rubbing against itself situation).  When he learned that I had purchased my previous tires from Costco, he became determined to convert me into a customer.To win me over, he pro-rated the warranty on my tire as if I had bought it from Discount with the warranty coverage!  Therefore it only cost me $50 to replace the tire -- which I know for a fact is better than the coverage that Costco would have given me!  I was so moved that I promptly agreed to purchase the Discount warranty (which covers simply everything except for wearout) for my other 3 tires.Bonus:  I walked next door to Arribas and enjoyed a relaxing cocktail at the bar during the 45 minutes it took them to replace my tire.  Not a bad way to kill some time.
5	This company really knows how to give great customer service.  Not to mention they have a great way to market themselves and create customer loyalty.  Here's why:I had to bring my car in with a flat tire. I had a slow leak.   When I came back to get my car, they had fixed the leak, and rotated my tires.  Then to find there were was not a charge for this.  Nice!  About two weeks later I got a MASSIVE piece of medal in my tire.  It was not repairable that was obvious.   Where do you think I took it?  Discount tire.  They took care of me and replace my tired.   No doubt I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking to get work done on their tires.
5	Above and beyond the type of service you'd expect, friendly personel and Zack helped me out of a real bind. Thank you all for your great service and since finding out you are closed on Sundays I want a job! : )
4	I had a slow leak and found the culprit in my rear passenger tire...damn nail. I was on my way out of town and I needed it fixed. Surprised to see how busy it was, the line at the free air check station was 3-4 deep. I parked and walked in and waited my turn for one employees to finish with a phone customer or someone in person. Once one became available I was greeted politely. When I mentioned how busy they were, he said this was nothing, that the weekends and Mondays were much busier.  [I dropped in on a Thursday before 11am] Don't expect to go through here in a hurry. But the service was courteous and very professional. Once they had my vehicle it took them about 40ish minutes to fix my flat. [That doesn't include the 15 or so minutes before I was officially assisted.] But in my experience that is pretty typical for many of these tire places. I do like the fact they have the free air check station. Nice touch!
5	What can I say, great prices, great staff, why would you go ANYWHERE else?
4	Up selling doesn't work on tires...if I had 500 to blow on rubber ...I'd get 4 tires hey, maybe 5. Or a lot of...rubbers.  Either or.  This place was quick and hassle free.  My favorite part was when the clerk told me I'd blow up on the road if I didn't replace them all today :D great customer service skills there pal. 4 stars because they did their job: selling and installing tires at a discount.  yeeey
3	I knew going in that they were going to blast my ass for buying only one tire, and with that knowledge secure in my mind I was able to drift off into my happy place as they raped me on the price: $70 for one measly tire.At least my assailants were quick and painless, they got in, did their business, and got out. promply shoving me out the door and on my way home, as the realization of what had just happened was fresh in my mind I shed a slight tear for the dwindling of my bank account, my wallet, sore all the way home.
4	Nobody ever really enjoys going to have any kind of work done on their tires, but when I have had the misfortune of a flat tire or been in need of balancing or rotation, I've been very pleased with Discount Tire.They have always been quick to greet me and do an initial inspection of my car when I arrive - sometimes there is an employee on their way our to the parking lot before I've even made it inside.  They also always seem to have adequate staff on hand, getting cars in and out as quickly as possible.  In addition, their work is something they stand behind (as anyone should).  After purchasing four new tires from them recently (ouch!), I noticed that the ride was not so smooth on the freeway.  I headed back in, and my tires were rebalanced without a problem, and a sincere apology to go with it.  Great service here!
5	Wow, this is the Nordstrom of the car world. There is no better place for customer service. They will fix your flat, rotate your tires,All @ no charge if your bought your tires with them. They always fit you in no matter how busy they are. They come out to the car of each person to see the problem and it is always ready when they say. They are always friendly and willing to explain anything. I recommend this place to everyone that talks about tires. Love Them!
4	Holy balls! Got here 20 minutes before they opened but they let me in early. Had my complimentary tire rotation done in like 10 minutes flat; felt like I had my very own NASCAR pit crew! And they didn't even give me grief that I hadn't bought my tires there or try to talk me into something I didn't need! On the negative side, they rushed so fast that one of the air thingies was loose and I lost half the air in my back tire as I pulled out. Either way, I love these guys!
5	Totally just made a believer out of me. Woke up this morning with a flat, which naturally put me in the world's worst mood all day. Schedule an appt online (very nifty feature by the way,) only to arrive here hours later, still in the world's worst mood. What can I say, when I get there it can be tough to pull me out. Until my first experience at this Discount Tire that is...Place is running like a well-oiled machine. Tons of employees, everybody hustling, not a soul standing around, efficiency at its finest. I have a roofing nail in my tire which I yelled at my bf about for an hour this AM as he lives in Cave Creek and my argument was that no one in Phoenix (where i live) can afford new roofs, so this obviously happened in his neck of the woods and was therefore his fault. Great argument, I know.Anyhow, patch job totally complete (at 5pm on a Friday nonetheless) in 35 freakin' minutes! And get this, they call my name to tell me my car is ready to go, I go to pull out my wallet, and the lovely man says "NO CHARGE." Are you freakin' kidding me?! No charge?! Is it because I'm a girl? Not likely, I look about as good as I felt when I walked in there. Is it because of my charm? Certainly not. Remember the whole "World's worst mood" sentiment from earlier? Sadly the lovely employees were not spared. Is it because I scheduled an appt online? I doubt it because that's just stupid. I asked repeatedly why there was a total of $0.00 on my receipt, and all they kept saying to me was "Just come back and see us again." What a novel freakin' idea. Repair my flat for free on some tires I definitely didn't buy there, and hope that leaves a good enough taste in my mouth to purchase tires there next time I need them. You know what? It totally did. Bravo Discount Tire! Most pain-free car fixing experience of my 11 years of driving.
1	Disappointment. That is what I have to say about the Discount Tire on 18th St. and Camelback. This store seems to be filled with a bunch of immature tire slingers. I thought you were suppose to be professionals and not mess around. Last time I checked there was no tire in the engine compartment and my trunk carpet wasn't creased in half from the factory. Discount, if you are going to have glass windows looking into your service bays make sure that your technicians... scratch that...shop boys show some respect for the customers cars and the parts that belong to them. That means please don't act like your going to have a tossing match with the wheels of the car because they're so light and small. Also I do have to say that for having 2 people on one car with 15 inch wheels and still take so long from park is kind of pathetic. At least no one was sleeping out there, I mean at least technically... Will I go back to this location, probably not. I would much rather take it to the dealer, pay more and at least get a free car wash out of it.
2	i wish I could rate this place with more stars but sad to say I can't. I take all my cars here, have been a lifetime customer since I turned 16. But today when I brought in 1 tire to get replaced, i was not treated the way I normaly am. I have always price matched with tire rack or their discount tire direct website to try to save maybe ten bucks, but ryan would just add on random prices such installation, shipping prices bla bla bla. After I priced the tire online through their regular discount tire website, total out the door was still 4.xx cheaper than what I paid. This will be my last time visiting this place and am going to take all my other business to either there competitors....Costco, walmart, or maybe I will try another discount tire.
5	i went here and my experience was easy got the tires i needed was supposed to be a 45 minute wait but it was shortened to not complaining only thing i dont like is that it looks like 12 year olds are fixing my tires all good thoo
4	these guys are good.  quick service!!  i did my research on replacing my tires and they got me what i needed, were willing to price match any quote i brought them and help to advise me on my best course of action.fyi - the warranty is automatically included in quotes and runs about $50, so depending on what your intentions are you may want to request a quote without it.
4	Good place to come and get your tire pressure checked!Keep up the good work guys!  Thank you for keeping us safe on the road!
4	I was VERY skeptical about buying a tire here. I bought from what I think was Discount Tire back in California (might have been a competitor) and got ripped off.  But I had no choice since I needed a tire and as I live behind the place, was willing to risk driving my flat around the corner. I bought my tire on their website which was very user friendly, gave me options and was very clear and upfront about what my out-the-door cost would be. I also made an appointment online and was pleased to discover that when you make an appointment, you get a 45 minute in-and-out guarantee. When I arrived and checked in, I was expecting the upsell to try to get me to pay more or buy four tires or some crap. I got NONE of that......just a quick, expedient process through and through.You'll be well looked after here:everything is upfront, no upselling and fast, expedient service.
5	Had a great experience with John. He didn't try to hard sell me and even lowered the price a bit. I had a great experience at this location.
5	I've been going to this location for two years, and other locations for ten years. I have price matched from both Sears and Costco for two different sets of tires, and they're happy to match. I always make appointments for tire rotations, and I'm usually in and out in 30 minutes. The employees are friendly, professional and fast.It's best to go when it's not busiest; busy times are Fridays and Saturdays. I wish they had wifi, but that's not a reason to take a star away. Tip: if you can, just wait until they have a promotion because you can frequently get $50-$100 off a set of four tires.
5	I've never been to this location before. The second I stepped through the doorway I was greeted, even though all agents were busy helping other customers -- excellent customer service to acknowledge I'm there! Less than a minute later I had a gentleman walk me out to the car and look at it. He tested to see how far in the nail was, and realized it didn't puncture, so he took it out and said the tire was fine. I went there knowing the car was WAY overdue for new tires, so asked for a quote. He gave me a few options, and told me what driving habits they'd be best for. He also gave me the warranty information without me asking for it, and included it in the price instead of "shockingly" adding it in when I would pay like most places would. I never thought for a second that I was being oversold. It was amazing because I despise going anywhere having to do with fixing my car. Quick. Clean. Friendly. Intelligent. Honest. That about sums up this place. I'd recommend it to ANYONE and tell you to go out of your way to visit this location.
3	Decent as all Discount Tires seem to be.  Not as friendly or fast as the locations in the suburbs and upselling happens much more often, but decent work and solid prices.
5	Amazing super fast service!
5	fast, fair and good prices too.
5	It has been over 2 months since I purchased tires for my Nissan Versa and I've been telling everyone how amazing the customer service was/is!! Time to write about it and post it!  Coming from S. CA, I was shocked to be treated so well..but this was exceptional.  Had an appt via the website, service rep met me in the parking lot...asked if I wanted water...made good recommendation for tires, took the car in the shop, put the new tires on and I was out the door in 45 mins! Amazing. This is the place to go for tires!  Good work Discount Tires, mgt must treat their employees with respect and trust...Great mgt at this store in particular!  I'll be back and keep recommending!
5	I had the best experience at this location buying 4 new tires for my vehicle.  As a younger female never having purchased tires without the help of my father when visiting or one of my male friends to assist I was thrilled with my experience.  I had done my research prior to going in for a quote and felt fairly confident in what to ask, the brands I was interested in, and a good range in price for a quote.  I worked with Ralph Mickens and I would encourage everyone to ask for him.  He showed me a low, mid, and high priced tire for my vehicle.  He explained the difference in quality and star ratings and was able to answer the questions I had.  I felt no pressure whatsoever to go with the highest priced tire.  I can't say enough good things about my experience and working with Ralph.  I will be a return customer for sure!Tire rotations and balances are free if you buy a set of four tires as well.  The service was so fast that I don't dread having to take my vehicle back for a rotation in the future.  I will be recommending this location to anyone I know needing new tires in the future.
5	I have, over the years, bought hundreds of tires from this location for both personal and company truck use.  The service is consistant.  They don't make a major effort for you to spend more than is necessary for your needs unlike other places I've been.  The company is also very good about honoring the warranty they sell on their tires with very few questions asked.   I once when in after I had  blown out both  the tires on the left side of my car at once when I swerved to keep from hitting a child.  The tires were two weeks old.  No questions asked, they replaced them for me.  I only had to pay the negligible cost of a new warranty for each tire.I am also impressed by the fact that you see the same employees here at a later date.  In this industry to keep the same employees over time is quite a fete, I believe.My only complaint is that during rush hour getting in and out of this location is a challenge.   However, it is a plus that there are some many places you can go if you don't want to have to sit and wait while you get your tire situation resolved.  That's a real plus in itself.  I just suggest going in off hours if you can.
5	Great service and friendliness by all of the staff.  I pulled in yesterday with a staple on the side of a tire.  I was dreading having my 3 yo twins with me for the ordeal.  But, no worries.  They were more than accommodating, The service was quick, reasonably priced since I had to purchase a new tire and at least 4 employees were patient while the twins exclaimed that they had a new cousin that was born this week!  I have used discount tire in the past and have always sought a location no matter where I live.  This location was the best I have been to.
5	Ran over a piece of metal, I had 2 discount tires from a few months and it happened to be one from them that got the metal stuck in, went down and under warranty only paid $16.  Can't beat that.
5	Love these guys, any of their locations, always great service, no double talk, really helpful. Did you know they will warranty the tires on your new or used car, even if you didn't get said tires there, once they inspect them (it's free!!!) as long as they carry the brand?? Pay the warranty, which is very reasonable, and they really really take care of you. Never ever had bad or even questionable service. LOVE!!
5	I cannot sing their praises loud enough.The customer service here is over the top. Free tire rotations and a pull up air service which is perfect for lazy little me. I buy all my tires here and if I ever have a leak or a nail, they service it FOR FREE. They have a great magazine selection and you can schedule appointments online.Awesome!
5	Totally not what I want to be buying, but it is one of those have to do it's.  Great service and very helpful staff to keep my car safe on the road.  The pricing is fair and they have lots of options depending on the quality of tire you want.  Never pressure to upgrade.  Thanks guys!
5	I bought all new tires.  Here are my tips to making your experience as good as possible:First -- use the Discount Tire website to figure out which tires you need.  Enter your car information and it gives options with prices and recommendations.Second -- reserve the tires you want online and schedule an appointment online with your preferred store.Third -- decide whether or not you want the 'Repair/Refund/Replacement' option which they usually try to sell you on at the store.Finally -- finish your order online.I arrived on time for an 8AM appointment and was immediately greeted.  They looked at my order, took my keys and my car went straight into the bay.  30 minutes later I was driving off their parking lot with all new tires.
5	I know...I'm on a bit of a 5 star streak, but I just can't help it!!  When things are great, I just have to tell you about it!!So, my two front tires were pretty much bald...yikes!  I kept seeing pieces of tires in the road and a friend of mine recently had a tire blowout. I took them as signs from the Universe to take heed and get some fresh wheels on my sweet little hoopty.  I walked in and was greeted immediately.  The guy (Michael, I think) was super nice and helpful, he even asked if I'd like to get email reminders when it's time to get the tires rotated, which I think is just lovely.  He offered me a cold bottle of water, thankfully, cause it was a real doozy today, and I took a seat in the lobby.  He told me it would be about 30-45 minutes, perfect.  About 15 minutes later I heard my name being called. "Already?!" I asked in disbelief.  Yes, already!  They were pretty busy, so I was EXTRA impressed.  Every time I have stopped in, these guys are always very professional and super helpful/nice/awesome.  Like other Yelpers before me, I can't sing their praises enough, either.Cheers to you tire dudes, cheers to you.
5	Not from AZ.... from southern california and I was shopping across the street came out to the car and boom I saw the flat tire. Gawd iy was 109 degrees out there. Waited for a friends family to come and put sone air in that way im able to drive over there. Drive over and unfortunate I was able to parch the tire but there was a spare. Came in and jesse helped me. For them to replace the flat tire with no threads to the spare bo charge what I said he said no charge. Omg I was happy. Im noy sure if they do this for wveryone but for me being in another state that I dont know any help is appreciated. Thanks jesse.
5	Wonderful experience!! I got a flat tire on the way to breakfast and had to have my car towed to Discount. I was afraid of how much a new tire would cost but it was only $12 because I had the warranty!!! Thank goodness! But anyways, I was greeted immediately with smiling faces. They said it would take about 45 minutes but we were out of there in 20. We were offered water bottles and really enjoyed the overall experience. I've been to this location before and every time have left extremely satisfied. Every person that I encounter there is friendly and very helpful!
5	Discount Tire is an example of how well a business can be run if you provide great service and treat your customers fairly.I noticed one of the tires was low on my wife's SUV as I was about to drive up to the White Mountains for the 4th of July so I decided to stop at Discount Tire and have it checked. I pulled up to the free tire check station and the attendant noticed that one tire was low because it had a nail in it. However, he also recognized that the tire could be fixed, and best of all, they could do it for free.They got me in right away and 20 minutes later, our tires were good as new and I was headed for the mountains. It wasn't until later that I remembered that my wife had actually bought those tires at Costco, not Discount.As for me, I've bought all of my tires at Discount for the past 20 years and it has definitely been worthwhile. The service is great, the price is right, and the extra $15 for tire insurance has saved my bacon a few times when I've been able to replace an expensive tire for $15-20.I wouldn't buy my tires anywhere else.
5	Ken(t?) helped me out. He was fantastic. The dealer screwed up and these guys fixed it. I've been here a number of times before and can say that they are usually pretty busy. Even on busy days, the employees work very hard to get you in and out quickly. The free, cold water-bottles are priceless on these 115 degree days.
2	I've bought my tires here for years, and never felt like I was getting ripped. One day on a purchase of one tire from road damage, I happened to look at the receipt and I compared the price of the tire with that brand and model on the internet. I found it several places for $50 less (per tire). When I showed that to the fellow, he said "Well, just add in the shipping and you'll see that our price is fair." The shipping was $15, and so I wanted my $35 refund -- this was right when I was still in their shop. Basically, he just argued the point and didn't want to do anything about it despite their "pricing guarantee." Then, for the first time in 10 years, I really looked at their receipt. They had indicated to me that I had a "free installation," but they had charged me $17 for balancing which is normally free when you buy a tire elsewhere. They wouldn't give me their price guarantee despite the evidence right in front of them, and they charged me for their free installation. That's enough right there to drop it to 2 star. I would have given them a one-star rating but the work they did was OK, so I kept it to 2 stars. Having just read about the founder in Phoenix Magazine and how he's now a billionaire, I think he could perhaps spare me the $40 for a customer doing business with them a decade!
5	Service with a smile plus honesty -- hard to find in the car care industry. I'd like to give a shout-out to Jesse, who hooked me up with lots of free services. I will be a client for life.
2	This place makes me angry.  I've been here every month for the past five months...actually, it may be six.  I've lost count.  Anywho, I did buy my tires here along with the warranty.  Every month my low tire indicator light comes on.  Sometimes they try to convince me it has only to do with the weather, but assure me they will check everything out.  Needless to say, every time they find something wrong - with the SAME tire and proceed to "fix" it.  And each month they PROMISE that it's fixed and I will NOT be in next month.  Today I absolutely had it and told them I wanted a new tire and I got one (the only reason they do not get one star).  For the most part, everybody here is friendly.  Once I did wear a race shirt that says, "Strip at Night" on it (it's referring to a marathon on the Las Vegas strip, which takes place at night) and two workers at the register were snickering while one said, "I like your shirt".  Felt like I was in high school again.  Whatever, just fix my damn tire. I live within walking distance so I always drop my car off and ask them to call me when they are finished.  Most of the time they don't call.  Now for my absolute favorite story!  Today I received a call about ten minutes after I dropped it off.  The guy said my car would not start.  I told him that you have to step on the brake and then push the start button.  He snidely commented that he already did that "AT LEAST 50 TIMES".  I thought he or his coworkers would know that so I understood if he felt slightly insulted.  I told him I would come by later that afternoon with a friend who knew more about cars than me.I went to pick up my car, got inside, put the key in the ignition, put my foot on the brake, and pushed "START".  Ummm it started right up.  I saw the guy who was helping me earlier and I told him it started.  He looked shocked and asked me how I did it.  PERHAPS there was something that prevented it from starting four hours earlier...but I haven't ever had any problems with my car not starting and I think it was user error.I've gone to Discount Tire locations in the past and not had this problem.  I will be moving on to another location after this!  I'm sure they are just as relieved to hear that as I am saying it.
5	Last week i hit a curb and my front rim got bend. I was scared for the cost to fix it and went to Discount tire .But these guys are awesome, they fix it for just 20 bucks. I was really happy to choose this place. Thanks Guys!!
5	After discovering a screw in my tire this evening not long after 5:30, I headed as I usually do to Discount Tire to see what might be able to be done. I hated walking in at 10 minutes before closing, asking for help, but the employees were so kind, understanding and helpful, I can't say enough about it. I have been a customer at this store for years, and will continue to give them my business, not only for the great prices that are offered, but more importantly for the wonderful service. A very genuine thank you to the staff for repairing my tire on a Friday evening (when I know they all would rather go home)-and then delivering my car back to me with a smile 45 minutes after closing. I will continue to be a loyal and very happy customer.
4	After work on Friday, I found out I had a very flat tire. An unfortunate thing because nobody likes to spend money on tires and I definitely didn't want to spend my evening waiting on a repair. We made it to this Discount Tire at 6:00 pm...just in time for the doors to be closing. I thought I was out of luck, but Steven came out and helped us anyway. He was super friendly and provided us with knowledgeable, professional service when he could have easily  turned us away. I am very impressed with the customer service at this location. We had a beer next door while we waited, and 30 minutes later we drove away with a brand new tire. The price was reasonable and though it wasn't my favorite way to spend a Friday night, I left a satisfied customer. Thanks, Steven!
5	This is a consistently good company to do business with.  Everytime I go there I receive such courteous service and they truly adivse you with the best option for you and not their sales quota.  I had a metal shard in my tire.  Luckilly it did not go very deep in the tread.  The serviceman pulled it out and sent me on my way.  No charge or pressured sales here. Nice to know there are honest businesses around.  Also, Discount Tire is a local company.
5	Rolled up on 4 beat tires just 45 minutes before closing...  45 minutes and 4 new tires later, I was back on the road. I also have an uncommon tire size.  (Most places don't typically carry them in stock).  Discount not only had them in stock, they charged me hundreds less than I'm used to paying.Top notch.
5	Thanks to Mike for taking care of me. I came in close to closing time with a nail in my tire. The nail was too close to the side of the tire to be repaired and he first asked if I wanted to put on the spare, then recommended some comparable tires. I did a quick price check online and found the price was the same as at the store. I was in and out fast, which I appreciated on a Sarurday afternoon! I also like the free airchecks.
1	Update: I've since found out that there WAS a nail in my tire.  I asked and was told that they checked and there wasn't one.  Additionally the other location told me that the broken caps would be replaced by Discount but this location just offered up blame.  So, I got crappy service AND a lie.  Never again.I scheduled the Mighty Tucson for a tire rotation today.  My high-dollar tires are not doing well and were guaranteed for 90k miles.  I've put  maybe less than half of that on them  so am concerned by their condition.I usually go to the westside location but this one is much closer.  Although the staff was nice, I was approached by someone who encouraged me to get new tires and looked up pro-rated pricing for me with the usual comments about the heat's effect on tires.I'm pretty  sure I paid extra for a warranty that covers the tires but I'll go back to the original store to confirm that.My visit ended by them bringing me 2 of the center wheel caps that had "broken" during the rotation.  Again others were blamed for it and the heat was mentioned.This experience was a huge disappointment for me.  I expect better from Discount.
5	Busy but they hustle and are friendly. Guys are moving and pushing each other to so well (I can hear them yelling in the bay). An appointment would probably be helpful, but I didn't mind waiting since I can work on my laptop. Better than most I've been to.
4	I hate this location because of the physical location. The traffic here no matter the time of day is redonkulous. The staff is always happy and helpful. I have only bought a few tires from here over the years because, well I usually only come here to purchase tires if it is a dire emergency. However, I come here usually to have the pressure checked if I am headed out of town since it is close to my house. I love the little tire check station that's kind of away from the garage. It makes for less hassle.
5	After roadside assistance put  the emergency spare onto my car to temporarily replace a flat, I drove home and called this Discount Tire location. It was already early afternoon but they managed to fit me in for an appointment the same afternoon. Since there was significant  mileage on my tires, I also wanted to know if it was time to replace all tires, not just the one that was flat earlier in the day. Once I got  there, they inspected my tires and told me that all the other tires were OK and didn't need replacement yet. They then proceeded to put on a new tire to replace the one that got  flat earlier. I'm very happy with the entire service which was fast, courteous, and very professional.
5	Spoke with Terry over the phone to have tires put on my wife's car. Appointment was made last minute for end of day. I wanted to ensure my wife did not have to answer any questions or make unwanted decisions. Her experience as stated by her was "Wow"! She was very pleased at the service provided from arrival to departure.
5	Great and honest service, after wrestling with two dealers to replace my flat tire I came into discount tire and Mike Weston helped to get back on the road. He was able to talk to the insurance company with the dealer to make things happen. The guys at the dealer would just tell me to call this number and then go to website before they could do anything and make about 21 excuses why they could not do it. Anyway I will definitely recommend discount tire and will come back in the future when I am need.
5	Had a flat tire this morning and did not want to have to replace an expensive run flat tire that I knew had lots of life left.  I got to the store 15 minutes before opening and there were three people ahead of me already.  They opened right at 8:00 and got me in, repaired the tire, reset the tire pressure monitor and I was out by 8:25. All of this for no charge which was awesome considering my tires were not purchased at Discount.  They just asked that I come back when I need a set of new tires.
4	Nice people, good prices, fast service and less expensive than the dealership.
4	Great service BUT the owners of this place should provide a tent/shaded area for the employees running the tire pressure check station...They always work hard and it's SO HOT! Maybe if the higher-ups actually tried being out there with those employees they'd realize it. Would be a great way to take care of their employees-- especially with all the new skin cancer cases we see in Phoenix and most of these employees being so young.
3	I have had very mixed service at discount  tie . I stopped at the 23 Ave store and ordered 4 new tires  even though there was only 25,000 miles on the  old tires. I was told I would be out in 45 to 60 minutes . After 75 minutes I checked and they had not even started  after another 30 minutes they still had not taken my vehicle in finally after 2.5 hours  they were completed. What I did lot like is to be lied twice. The stores do not explain all their charges. They advertised a  a 60 cash Bach  when I inquired it only applied to truck tires
1	Disappointing!Ordered some Pirelli P-Zero tires for my Camaro and scheduled appointment for today.When I arrived the gentleman who placed my order was off and did not bother putting me on the board as discussed the day before.I left my key with the desk and was told that the tires will be installed within the next few minutes and the car will be ready in 45 minutes or less.When I arrived about 60 minutes later I ask for my service adviser and was told that he went to another store and he will be back by the time the technicians finishes with my car.What they did not tell me was that the technician working on my car broke my Tire Monitoring System and that the service adviser went to another store to find a replacement.So instead of my car being done by 4:15 PM I had to wait till 5:30 PM to finally have my  sensor replaced and my car released to me.  There was no apologies from neither the adviser or anybody else in the store.The guys simple just chose to ignore me rather than telling me on what is going on.Once they knew that they had to find a replacement sensor they could have call me letting me know that the car would be ready late.How anybody can run a business like this is a mystery to me. I was born and raised to always say please and thank you with a smile. This does not seem to be the case here.No thank you, no nothing! Shame on you Discount Tires!!!
1	Very poor poor experience.  Feel completely taken advantage of.  I thought discount tires were supposed to be the best value for the money but boy was I wrong.  I have been going to Discount tire for years and so has my family.  I bought a set of michelin tires for my jeep and everything was going well.  Cost me about $1k.  After I paid for the tires and was waiting for delivery I overheard another customer ordering the same set of tires with the same warranties and negotiated them down to $900.  I asked my service advisor what gives and I would like that same price.  He said sorry its already been closed out, have a nice day.  I hope they have a nice day after this review.
1	Very poor poor experience.  Feel completely taken advantage of.  I thought discount tires were supposed to be the best value for the money but boy was I wrong.  I have been going to Discount tire for years and so has my family.  I bought a set of michelin tires for my jeep and everything was going well.  Cost me about $1k.  After I paid for the tires and was waiting for delivery I overheard another customer ordering the same set of tires with the same warranties and negotiated them down to $900.  I asked my service advisor what gives and I would like that same price.  He said sorry its already been closed out, have a nice day.  I hope they have a nice day after this review.
5	These guys are awesome, don't trust anyone else with your tires. I came in at 3pm with a chunk of metal in my tire. With the 3 year warranty I waited 20 minutes got my a brand new tire, rotated, balanced the whole shebang. Love these guys keep up the good work!
5	The staff here are expeditious and courteous... A rare find in the service industry these days. The shop is clean, professional and has free bottled water. What?!Yes, an all around good experience. I highly recommend them.
