4	An Oasis in the middle of the desert...right on the strip!Unfortunately, the food was just okay....the prime rib was too well done and chewey.  But the ravioli was yummy.The service was top-notch adn the alchohol was flowing fast.  Something odd though.  Apparently they couldn't bring straight shots to the table.  Everything had to be on ice.  Which makes it a little more cumbersome to take a shot.  So after about 5 of those, we moved the party to the bar...where we could get a straight shot!
5	This is based on a Wedding Reception that I was assisting on:Two of my dearest friends were getting married and having their wedding and reception at Cili, which is on the Bali Hai Golf Course.This place is beautiful. The atmosphere boasted an array of multi South East Asian designs combined with today's deco(r) of stressed stone, steel, woods, and hand crafted glass.Cili seemed to spend a good deal of money on their floral arrangements, filling the restaurant with various orchids, and other exotic flowers and plants that give you the feel of being in the tropics. They also have a few paintings of images of Hawai'i. The staff is great. The floor manager was quick to assess and respond to the last minute changes we had. The staff worked very hard and quickly to set up the place; making it beautiful and elegant. While the bridal party was out taking pre-wedding photos, Cili's floor manager had sent to the bridal room,(where the Event manager and myself were using as our staging area), h'ors devours ; of fresh fruit, vegetables and cheeses, some fusion sushi, and fresh salsa with house made tortilla chips and crackers. They were delicious. I almost couldn't't stop eating, but I had to remind myself about dinner. Along with this, they made sure we always had a full bottle of San Pellegrino flat and soda water, plus a bottle of Champagne. I had a massive hang-over from the festivities the previous night, so I failed to get the name on the bottle. They brought some beer, wine, sodas, and other alcohol beverages to the wedding party and the people involved with the behind-the-scenes operations of this event.After the wedding ceremony the guest were all escorted to a designated area, where they were served with cocktail and h'ors devours. This was out side of the restaurant, which was surrounded by a moat and the 9th and 18th hole of the course (I was earlier informed). I was able to witness the of the service staff here. They were professional, friendly and cordial. They were making it easy for everyone of the guest to enjoy the blissful event.The entire course was designed as 18 single oasis's combined with paths to one another. The fees of the course start at about $375.00. This is a Pro-grade course.While everyone was being escorted to theirs seats by the event-staff, the servers were making sure every one had drinks. One of my favorite things at a wedding reception is the open-bar! What makes it even better is that some one else is bringing you your drink.The dinner was a buffet set up. Which, I always find it a thousand times better than a prefixed plate. Not only can you taste many different things, but you can eat till you die.The menu: Spring Mix Salad, various types of steamed and sauteed vegetables, house backed rolls w/ garlic herbed butter, baked and mashed potatoes, baked chicken, salmon in a herbed lemon cream sauce, and my favorite prime rib.(Now, I have been to 6 wedding in the last year and a half. The is the 2nd best meal I have since the first one in Hawai'i at Orchid's at the Halekulani Hotel.)So when I say that this seemingly typical menu was far from typical, believe me. The chef and cooks of Cili have taken the common fare to the highest level. The vegetables were fresh and crisp, even the sauteed and steamed one. Nothing was over cooked or mushy. The roll as I have said were house made. The chicken and salmon were moist and delicious, the herbs and spices perfect. The prime rib; The BEST I have had in years!! I had to have another. I went back for a inch+ cut. Topped it with their delicious, spicy horse radish and hot full flavored ajous. Sadly though, my stomach ran out of room, and there was no more for a third cut.The Cabernet that was being served at the table was great. Full flavored, full bodied, slightly spicy and dry. I could have sworn it was a Rhone. I didn't't get the name, but I did get a second glass. Later to be followed with Champagne, a Heineken, Fat Tire Amber, 2 shots of Patron, Corona, and more San Pellegrino. Don't worry!! hiccup, I'm fine!! Brup.The cake looked wonderful and delicious. I couldn't't summon the will to eat another bite of food. Tea and coffee was served to the guest. What ever type of coffee it was, it near perfect. Not too heavy or too light. It really hot the spot after all that food. Which made way for the tequila and beer.I was  coherent enough to recognize the great service that everyone received, and to notice as we were preparing to leave, the quick smooth disassembly reset-up of the restaurant. "These guys are real pros", I thought to myself.
5	We have only been for brunch, but it was one of the best spreads I've ever seen.  We used to go to Miralago out at Lake Las Vegas for the ambience and relaxation, but since it closed we have been on the hunt for new places.  Cili delivers, with a large outdoor patio, and top notch staff.
4	I go to Cili almost monthly for the AMA (American Marketing Association) luncheons. I have to say that this place is always on point with service and food. Right when I walk into the semi-private room where the lunch is held, servers always have ice tea or lemonade on trays ready for me as I walk in. But I'm a little difficult so order an Arnold Palmer and the server finds me and gives it to me. Then I find a seat, put my purse down and mingle with other AMA members. When the luncheon is ready to start, I go back to my table and the salad is already pre-set. Salads vary from a caprese, to melon salad, to arugula, and more. I'm always impressed by the variety and that it's not always that lettuce salad with yucky creamy dressing. Entrees also vary and I've had chicken cordon bleu, short ribs, and other standard lunch entree dishes. There will always be a protein, starch and vege with light sauce. The portions are generous. The meat is cooked properly. I've been on a less meat diet recently and the last time, I opted for the vegetarian dish. I think when people saw what I got, they wanted mine instead of their beef. Dessert is presented very well and delicious. From chocolate cakes with raspberry sauce (I devoured that one) to fruit salad with aged balsamic, it's consistently good. Besides the wonderful food, the staff is always professional and courteous. As I mentioned, they are there at the beginning with beverages, then during the salad with dressing, in between courses with water and beverage refills, after entree coffee and tea service, basically everything and everywhere. It may sound like this is all normal but for luncheon banquet staff to be always on top of it, that means management is fair and treats them well. Kudos to Cili management. I understand that their service reflects on guests coming back and I'm sold. Just like another Yelper mentioned, if I ever needed to have a party, I would not hesitate to book here. Note: the one less star is because the golf course grounds are looking beat up. Still beautiful though.
4	Came on a Saturday for lunch before going to the Lion King.  Got in right after a large group on the patio outside and before another large group was arriving.  Probably 1 of only 2 parties eaching inside (2-4 people).  Place was pretty empty.Service was good.  Bread/crackers good.  Water stayed full.  We ordered a burger, an asian chicken dish (good, but nothing too special), bbq chicken pita (decent, with homemade potato chips, again, nothing special), and crab cakes (appetizer, came with 5 about the size of golf balls, again, decent).  I had the burger and it was quite tasty.  Came with cheese (said gouda but I got cheddar, without knowing it), (awesome) bacon, tomato (salsa-like, nice touch), and a garlic aeole (couldn't taste).  Very tasty burger- would definitely get this again.  Got a really nice side of fruit with berries and mango.Menu is mostly sandwiches/burgers, with a couple of asian dishes and some salads.  Kind of random I thought.  Great spot for a quite, though slightly spendy, lunch outing.  Total was around $70 (tip included) for the above mentioned items.
4	4 1/2 stars - solid restaurant to bring your clients for a power lunch. Located at the Bali Hai golf course and they offer valet even at lunch. There were four of us and we didn't have reservations for lunch due to it was a last minute choice but were seated immediately. Cili offers American cuisine with Asian influence. My choice - the Seared Chicken Breast, Aged Cherry Balsamic, Crispy Bacon, Watercress, and Mascarpone on a Whole Wheat Roll - Very good and unique tasting. Cili decor is beautiful and the service was outstanding. I'd recommend Cili Restaurant if you want to impress your clients or your date.
4	Had a business lunch here today.  The atmosphere, and service were excellent.  The menu had quite a few appetizing items to choose from.  I ended up giving the fish & chips a try.  The fish was delicious, and the batter was nice & light.  I loved the remoulade that was served with the fish, although I lean towards malt vinegar mostly.  I was, however, a little disappointed with the bar quality fries/chips.  There were 3 small fillets of breaded fish next to a heaping mound of skinny, overly cooked fries.  Somewhere beneath the mound of starch lay a few tempura green beans and a small side of a tasty Asian style slaw.  I would have opted for the 2 vegetable sides and not fries if I had the foresight.Overall, a nice lunch.  I would definitely recommend this for business luncheons or casual upscale dinner with friends.
5	I had the extreme fortune to attend an event at this restaurant which is located inside the Bali Hai Golf Club.  I will recommend this place to anybody that is thinking about getting married, having an upscale party or just wants a great place to have lunch or dinner.Their wait stuff is so friendly and never let my drink get near empty.  They constanly circled the room and asked all guests if there was anything they could do to make the already excellent service better.The food is amazing!  The hors d'oeuvres were so delicious and even the simple lunch of a blackened chicken caesar salad was the best I have ever had!  Not to mention their wonderful mimosas.If you step out onto the patio, you can't help but fantasize about how wonderful your own wedding would look against the backdrop of the lake complete with waterfalls and the sprawling green golf course surrounding the area.  Simply put, this place is a must...in every way possible!
4	The owner of the place I work treated our office to lunch at Cili recently. I had never been and was excited to see the restaurant I had heard such great things about. The first impression did not disappoint! Cili is decorated gorgeously, and we were seated next to an amazing salt water fish tank. I decided to split two apps with a coworker, the seared ahi tuna and crab cakes. The tuna came with a delicious cucumber salad and three pieces of delicious, perfectly seared tuna. The 5 crab cakes were small but flavorful. Creme brulee was the perfect way to end our meal. The assortment of berries it was served with were all so fresh and very complimentary to the rich dessert. The service was top notch. I never had to wait for a refill on my Arnold Palmer, and they even brought out extra fries for another person in our party. Cili is absolutely gorgeous, the next time I go I definitely want to sit on the patio and admire the view.
5	Situated along South Las Vegas Blvd within the Bali Hai Golf Club, this jewel of a dining location is perfect for an executive lunch meeting during the day.  The staff is always pleasant, and the food it top notch, while not being too top notch of a price.  It almost seems like you can't drop your fork without one of the staff catching it, but they give you plenty of room to talk without even knowing they are there.The food is not your usual golf club food.  Their Lobster Cobb Salad is always tasty and their bread basket has a diverse selection to help start the meal.   Excellent setting, fantastic food, and great service make this a winner in my book.
5	Great place for a business lunch or dinner.   Very classy and great food.  Chef here is very good.  If you need a special place for a date, this is it.  Hidden, forgotten, you could hide away here and live like a king and queen.  The food is stellar, prices fair, views and decor well above average.  The only question is who shall I meet there, and are they paying?   Girls, go, suggest it, have your man pay, he will be fine.  Guys, take a date here, its not that expensive, but its cozy and shes sexy.   Highly recommended.  not 3 star Michelin stuff like further down the strip, but great value for what you get.  4.75 star here, but I will give it 5 since they are consistant and classy! Highly recommended.   For lunch parties, or any party, would be a great place to do some catering events, classy, not cheap, but not expensive either.   Yummy!
4	This is a place that is always good for lunch.  I also must say it is a perfect venue for a nice event.
3	Took my father here for lunch, I have eaten here many times and have never been disappointed until this visit. As always, the atmosphere is great and the service is excellent, however the food on this visit was mediocre. I ordered the Cream of Mushroom soup. The texture was what you would expect a gourmet cream soup to have, however it lacked flavor and unfortunately I had to add salt to bring out any flavor. I then had the Meditterainean salad. Mostly croutons, almonds and lettuce. It did have a few pieces of artichoke hearts, 3 pieces of yellow tomato & some olives. My father ordered the salmon which appeared and was overcooked, he did say the fish and sides were seasoned nice and were tasty. My selections may have not been the best, however I will return. It is great service and atmosphere in a great location easy to get in and out.
4	Much better than my last visit for lunch. Was treated here by my family for Mother's Day Brunch... Service has always been great, but today the food was great too.. You name it, it was on the buffet. Cold salads, Crab claws & boiled shrimp (that's where I made my meal) roasted vegetables, lamb, prime rib and fish.. I had the Cream of Mushroom soup again, and this time it had more flavor.. Rich & creamy soup you expect to have... Cili is back on my list to take friends to lunch. The buffet, our service and table outside was great!
2	I have been here a few times and none of my experiences have been mind-blowing but this time I was the most disappointed. I ordered the mushroom soup which was very oily and bland knowing that I had enjoyed the chicken chowder the last time made my mushroom soup all the more disappointing. For a main course I had the salmon and was again disappointed. The potatoes were fine, the green beans great and I really enjoyed the maple sauce it is served with but the salmon was dry and way over-cooked. The staff is always on-point and you never have to worry about your glass going empty but for me the food is just not worth the price.
5	WOW!! If I could give 6 stars I would! On 9/14/13 I had the MOST beautiful wedding/reception thanks to Cili!! Did I mention a stress free wedding thanks to Tracy (the catering sales manager) she was such a doll through the whole process!! I would recommend this venue to all of my family & friends for any gathering!!By the end of my wedding night I felt as if all the staff were practically family.. Everyone up to the general manger made my night wonderful!! Service was great!
4	On my way in from Los Angeles, I needed a quick lunch & didn't have time to stop anywhere else.  I really enjoyed my lunch at Cili, but maybe that's because it was the one time out of the year where I guessed correctly on what would be delicious on the menu.First of the all, the prices at Cili are extremely reasonable.  Most salads & sandwiches are in the $12-$15 range, and I don't think anything on the menu was over $25.  I thought it might be more expensive, given the cost of the golf here, but that was not the case.  I ordered a Mediterranean salad & satay skewers, & both were excellent!  The satay skewers were a mix of beef & chicken, elegantly presented on a cut pineapple with a few vegetables thrown in.  It also came with 2 sauces & I couldn't make up my mind which one tasted better, because both were so dang good.  One was a red curry sauce, and one was a ginger/soy sauce.  Just cut your meat in half & try both.  You can't go wrong.The Mediterranean salad was also good with a nice mix of greens, feta cheese, olives, tomatoes, etc.  But the one thing that I thought was particularly clever was that the croutons were toasted pieces of pita bread.  Why haven't I seen this in other greek salads?  It's such a great idea!Four stars for good service & good food that doesn't break the bank.
5	Fantastic Easter Champagne Brunch Buffet! $68 Adults included Tax & Gratuity, Kids 5-12yrs $25, under 5yrs Free.Little expensive but well worth the money and No waiting with advance reservations!Omelette station, Scrambled Eggs, Eggs Benedict, Roast New Potatoes, Smoked Bacon, Pancakes, Salad & Fruit Station, Soup & Breads, Veggies/Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Jumbo King Crab Legs, Claws, large peeled Shrimp, Rack of Lamb, Seared Chilean Sea Bass, Prime Rib, Honey Baked Ham, Chicken Marsala, Alfredo Pasta & Deserts including large Chocolate covered Strawberries. We have enjoyed this Brunch every year.Awesome atmosphere in outdoor covered patio.Fantastic, friendly & attentive 1st class service from all employees & managers.Appears same/similar Brunch Buffet will be available for Mother's Day.
4	++ views! ambiance! service! bread basket! calamari appetizer. + Lobster salad. Slightly bland, but still good & refreshing.-- Seabass with risotto entree. (So very yucky & disappointing)-- Mandarin chicken.  I love spice, but this was so spicy that my husband who cannot take much heat couldn't eat a bite, so I traded my entree with him. I couldn't even eat it, it was so incredibly spicy, couldn't even tell if I was  prepared well or not because of the spice!!!!!    Waste of $$$!!!
5	"Excellent Lunch On The Golf Course"So I needed a cute spot to meet my friend from high school for lunch! I did some research on YELP and came across this place! I needed something elegant with outdoor seating! I got exactly that and more! This has to be one of the best scenic lunches I've had in a very long time! The customer service is above par! Definitely eat outdoors if the weather permits to do so! Would recommend this place to anybody who likes an elegant fancy style venue!
4	I stopped by recently for a special event. They were very accommodating with all of us vegetarians by adding extra veggies to our lunch plate.Oh, and let's talk about the plate. The grub was quite yummy. The sweet potato puree with cranberry reduction was near addictive! The sauteed veggie assortment was also surprisingly delicious. Oh, and the cheesecake made for a great dessert... And would have been perfect if not for the incredibly tough graham cracker crust.And of course, the ambiance is quite unique. The dining room is exquisite inside and looks out to a gorgeous golf course outside.
