3	This rating would be 5 stars if someone would have told me to clean my coils the last time they came out.I've been using AC Doctors for a 2 years; ever since I heard about the special, where they check on your system for around $40.The first time, everything was fine ($40). The second time they said I should replace a part, so I did ($250). The third time everything was fine but they added some refrigerant ($40). The fourth time I had them replace my thermostat ($300+) .The fifth time they said the blower motor needed to be replaced because the coils were so dirty it was working too hard (like blowing through a straw) to keep the house cool. So, I spent the $625 to replace the blower motor, but it was going to cost me another $250 to clean the coils. -The coils that no one ever mentioned the other four times they were out.I talked to some other AC guys, and they all say the same thing: If they're checking on your system and the coils need to be cleaned they should do it as part of the check up, or at least put you on notice, so things like blower motors don't go out being overloaded. Also, it's pretty typical for coil cleaning to be considered a part of routine maintenance and check ups. Furthermore, coil cleaning is such a simple process that even the commercial guys don't charge corporations more than $70 to clean the coils.So word to the wise, make sure they check your coils every time, and make them write down the condition the coils are in, because unless you're going to climb your roof and open up the machine (like they are supposed to do on check ups) you will never know if your coils are backed up with fuzz and dirt or not.I can't say how long the coils were bad. It may just have been that the last guy didn't do the standard check when he replaced my thermostat. -but they were so bad that after the blower motor was installed it got hotter in the house and was over 91 degrees after midnight.I do appreciate how they are always available and call before they arrive. The techs always are courteous and pretty quick with their work. I feel comfortable with them in my home and I'm willing to accept that the problem with the coils could have been an innocent mistake, even if everyone else tells me I'm being scammed.Just make sure you have them double check everything.
5	With so many people in the world trying to take you for your money and give you not much for it ,it is a pleasant  and nice change to have a company like AC Doctors . They are honest, fair priced and reliable. After having another company come last ac season and try to tell me everything in the world was wrong with my unit and tried to sell me $20,000 worth of new units I had a friend recommend AC Doctors so I spent the extra money for a second opinion. Pete came out and inspected my units and told me they are just fine. They just left after checking out the furnace and both Pete and the young man with him were nice, thorough and fast. All is still well. The price is right too. So I totally recommend this company to anyone who needs an AC and heating company. You can't go wrong.I'd give them 10 stars if they had them on here.
5	After receiving a  8 different estimates to replace one of my 5 ton 16 seer a/c unit and furnace, I made a decision to use A/C doctors to replace not one but both of my 5 ton units. All the other companies started their estimate off with a high price to replace the units, then when they saw that I had more estimates to meet with they began to drop their prices which is a red flag to me.  AC doctors gave me their honest upfront lowest possible bid to replace one or both of my ac units without changing the price. They were on time and extremely professional. They explained everything to me upfront before I decided to use them. Eric and his crew did a marvelous job.I would definitely recommend them to anyone needing a/c replacements and repairs.
1	Charged way to much for parts that were a fraction of what I could get them elsewhere. When I called to ask what the deal was I was told the manager or owner would call me within a day. No one ever called. The parts were only 125 and they charged $390 for a half hour repair. Total ripoff.
