5	Andrea, is great she is so helpful. My skin was breaking out and she suggested some natural ways to help my skin. I love the way she waxed my eyebrows, now I don't look all crazy.
5	Andrea is quick, professional, friendly and accommodating. I love that I can check her availability and book an appointment with her online. Not only is that more convenient for me, but it also means when it is time for my appointment Andrea is focused on me and not getting phone calls from other people that are trying to make an appointment. Her prices are great as well. $45 for a Brazilian wax can't be beat and unlike some other places, she doesn't rush the job. Any place that says they can get you in and out in 15 minutes (as though that is a good thing) is a place I would be wary of. It is one thing to be efficient, it's another to rush. I appreciate that Andrea takes the time to ensure she gets the job done in a sanitary manner, while still talking to me and ensuring I am comfortable during the process. I will never go to anyone else for my waxing needs.
5	Andrea is very good at what she does. I had a wonderful facial from her and it was quite possible one of the best ever. I had one done recently @ a primo $$ spa that cost $$ and it was not half as good as the one I had from Andrea. My face felt sooo good after she did her thing on it.
5	ANDREA IS AWESOME! She is very fast, chill yet professional, and makes you feel very comfortable. It was my first brazilian wax ever and she made my experience just awesome! She does NOT double dip her sticks & always starts with a fresh stick. & she waxes so quickly that it barely hurts, just a quick tingle.I like how she schedules her appointments online and has everything electronic so you get confirmation & reminder emails sent to you about your appointment. I also love that she is one of the best priced waxers out there. $45 is a steal compared to most other ones! She's also helpful when I sent her emails asking her questions on brazilian prep & post-brazilian wax. Very informative& for my first time brazilian waxing, I brought an experienced brazilian-ed friend for moral support. Her little salon is rather small so she does not allow others in the area during an appointment (her salon is located in a big building with a bunch of other little salons around it, it's actually quite cool).Overall, I really enjoyed my first brazilian and Andrea's work. I recommend her to anyone & everyone for her quick but quality service. I will be back again for another one of her brazilian treatments :)
5	Jessie B. saved the day. After reading about my pretty kitty experience she messaged me with this wonderful waxer. With how much she raved about it and reading her review I had to book an appointment. I go to the website to find a phone number to call and I see you make your appointments online. HOW EASY! more places need to get on that service. (and just think...no annoying phone calls during whatever you are having done.)I was a little iffy about going into her shop as I have been in that little plaza before and everything was so open. I wondered how Andrea could hide such a little waxing service. Her whole little shop is curtained up and when you walk in it is like a mini spa. Andrea was very friendly. She makes you feel comfortable right off the bat. (after all let's be serious here...who is comfortable stripping down their bottom half's after meeting someone for not even five minutes? not I!) She was very nice and quick, but not quick enough to leave a sloppy job. I'm pretty pleased with it and believe I will be seeing her again. Not to mention how it was only $45.Great service, great job, great experience. She really knows what she is doing waxing. (and no double dipping either!)
5	Oh Andrea...where do I begin?! I've been seeing Andrea for about 7 years now. She is AMAZING. I started off with just waxing, but now go to her for regular facials as well. SERVICES:Andrea truly cares about ALL her customers and takes her time with all of her appointments. My eyebrows come out PERFECT every time. Her facials are absolutely divine and she doesn't try to sell you all sorts of product during it. Since Andrea tries to use natural products, I hardly ever break out after any treatment. She is extremely hygienic and never double dips her sticks in the wax. She does a thorough job and always makes sure you are satisfied before you leave. QUALITY:Andrea is TOP NOTCH at what she does. I recommend her to all of my friends and have never had a complaint. Andrea is just an amazing person and you'll look forward to your appointments with her. I've definitely become friends with her over the years, and I travel all the way back from Los Angeles to see her. I honestly can't say enough good things about her!PRICES/BOOKING:CHEAP! Unlike most places in Las Vegas, Andrea's prices are extremely fair! And she does an amazing job every time. Booking is SO EASY! You just go to her website and book an appointment online. She is ALWAYS on time and very respectful of your time as well. LOVE ANDREA!!!!!!!
4	Andrea is amazing. She is very friendly and made me feel very relaxed. It was like hanging out with a friend. I'm a bit paranoid when I get my eyebrows done but they came out really nicely. Definitely returning.
5	Andrea is AWESOME! I have been seeing her a few years after getting a referral. She is friendly, patient and uses all natural products. I love how she likes to educate you about your skin and ways to improve. She is always on time so don't be LATE! Online Scheduling is convenient. I go for eyebrow waxing and occasional facials. I will go back again and again.
5	Very quick waxing service! I was worried since it was my first time, but Andrea was very accommodating and just chats away all your nerves. Highly recommended...I'll be going in again soon! :-)
5	I have received facials and waxing services with Andrea Minor. I cannot say enough about how wonderful Andrea is. She provides thorough and professional service. Her space is very clean, relaxing and conveniently located.  Her prices are very reasonable, especially in light of her top notch services. Online scheduling is super easy and convenient.My skin looks amazing, thanks to Andrea.  I will not go anywhere else for these beauty services.
4	Wonderful waxing service and very friendly!  Her waxing also isn't as expensive as most I see in Las Vegas. If I'm ever back in Las Vegas and need a waxing, I'd definitely go back to her!
5	I am so pleased with my results, I have added the 'Lift & Glow Facial' every week, then every 4th week I'll keep my Rejuvenate Infusion Facial. So super happy avoiding Botox, keeping young looking naturally.
5	If you are looking for a relaxing and affective treatment using natural products, executed by a very thorough and knowledgable aesthetician, then Andrea is your woman. I have been seeing her for the past 4 or 5 months now, and I am always pleased with what she's done for me. I'm slowly getting around to trying all her facials (so far I've gotten the Signature and the Microdermabrasion done), and I can actually trust her with my brows (this is a miracle in and of itself!) - she's doing such a great job of helping me grow them out while keeping them looking amazing during the process. She has never once pushed products on me, she's very easy to talk to, happy to answer any questions I have, very personable and always on time. I love her! Honest, give her one visit and you'll be hooked!
5	Andrea is the best! She came highly recommend and I have been her client for about a year now, and never disappointed. I have had a few different services from just eyebrow waxing to Microdermabrasion, and I have been extremely satisfied. She has great products, and excellent recommendations when asked for advice.
