5	My husband and I were recently looking for flooring, so we went to ProSource for samples. We were quite impressed with the selection, as well as the friendly, knowledgeable service we received. We talked extensively with Vickie, who was quite helpful in helping us make a selection. We highly recommend ProSource as a flooring supplier.
5	They get 5 stars because I can't give them 10!!! They are awesome!! Great selection & prices. Vickie helped us select laminate & carpet. She zeroed in on what we wanted & showed us selections that fit the bill perfectly! HIGHLY recommend Pro-source!!
1	I purchased carpet for a rental house I have in Buckeye Az.  Within 8 months the carpet started to fall apart at the seems.  The installer looked at the carpet and said it was defected.  Prosource sent a (so called) independent person and said it was the installer.  Talking to a carpet manufacturing rep the (so called) independent person usually sides with the carpet store or they don't get used by the store anymore.  The fact is the carpet fell apart.  I have owned rental property for 30 years.  I have dealt with carpet a lot.  The carpet was definitely defective and when the seems were heated it broke down the backing of the carpet.  The (so called) independent person said it could be re-seamed.  But when I pulled on the carpet it came off the backing 6 inches back from the seem.  It could not be fixed it had to be replaced.  Prosource would not stand behind their product.  They said they would do nothing.  We even asked if they would sell carpet at cost to replace it and they even said no to that.  This was a job under a $1000 and if they wouldn't take care of that think about if it was a big job.  I am sure they do a fine job upfront but wait to you have a problem.  I had to purchase new carpet (from a different company)  I would never recommend Prosource based on their customer service after the sale.  Beware.
4	Our contractor referred us to Prosource for backsplash tiles for our kitchen. Their selection is amazing--absolutely no comparison to places like Lowe's or Home Depot. We found a tumbled marble we wanted, and then Bernie had to fight to find a place that actually carried it and had a timeline for delivery. She succeeded! Plus, the tile was at a fabulous price.Our kitchen is now done. I love, love, love the backsplash. We'll return to Prosource for home improvement supplies in the future.
5	The store is wonderful. Ask for Barb. She has been so helpful this past year. We have used them a few times and always so helpful. Amazing selection.
