4	Fresh & healthy Columbian food in cute colourful surroundings. I also very much enjoyed my mango drink.Back, I will be, yes yes...
4	Enjoyed this sweet spot on St Viateur so much I was back within days, bringing a delighted gluten-free friend along with me. The main eats here are sets of tasty toppings with names like Mariachi! either on arepas or on a friend plantain, so either way your celiac stalwarts can take it. I enjoyed the piles of avocado and fresh salsa and melty cheese on the crispy fried plantain the first lunch I found myself at Corazon for this week, and the arepa later in the week was even cozier. The decor is cozy, bright, welcoming, and this whole room seats under twenty. The best design bit is the music box innards lined up along the cash counter. They are delightful. I am full of delight. This is clearly a family joint, with sweet kids helping out and generally helpful, sincere, smiling faces everywhere, even when you do something spectacularly awkward like throw the glass stopper from the water bottle into the salsa.
5	It delivers what it promises!! Excellent Colombian food ( both arepas and patacones). Not expensive at all and great service. I tried the "Pibe" patacon and the shredded beef was amazing. I'm coming back next weekend for brunch.
4	Nice reasonably priced place for tasty gluten free options and even gluten free empanadas. Arepas are prepared very well and patacones are a good filling option. Order the beef or go vegetarian. Service was also quite nice.
5	What an amazing place in the Mile End area of Montreal.Was visiting Montreal for 5 days and ate here twice. I still dream about their chicken sandwiches in the cornmeal buns.I wish there was this good of a Colombian eatery near me. I cannot wait to go back.
5	Great options, vegetarian and vegan options available along with meat.. Strongly suggest the vegan empanadas and the cappuccino was great!! Friendly service :)
5	after passing by so many times, i finally decided to go in for a bite which made me wonder why i didn't go in before.. its really good food!vegetarian options available. gluten free too. allowed to substitute (or drop) an ingredient so if you're lactose intolerant, no cheese! and if you don't feel like eating some beans because, you can too (which i gladly did)so knowing all that, i went with the ave maria pues (without beans) in pacatone form which is pulled beef over fried plantain slices (like a crispy tortilla). with it, you had more plantain slices, avocado, pork rinds and a side of pico de gallo and of course, some hot sauce to give it that kick if you choose so.not only was it really good, it smelled so good i was drooling while taking a picture.. the crispy tortilla like fried plantain, the extremely flavorful pulled beef, the sweet fried plantain, the crispiness of the pork rinds, the freshness of the pico de gallo, the creamy almost buttery avocado and the tart slightly spicy sauce piquante all married together for one big smack flavorful hand in the face!place is extremely charming. no weird decoration like you'd find at other latin american restaurants.its pretty affordable. $20 should be enough to eat quite well (if you don't drink)will i be back? i'd totally sleep there!
