4	There's all kinds of home decor to suit your style.Shabby Chic, Whimsy, Vintagey, Contemporary, Country, Beachy and all very peachy!Lots of wall art, floral arrangements, candles, distressed furninshings. Good ideas for diy projects.  I like the mason jars wrapped in burlap. This place is Pinterest in real life!Pretty affordable too. Shockingly cheaper than the more popular speciality home decor store right next to the place. Lots of scented potpourris, sachets and candles. The whole store permeates of it. Although I think it's kind of overpowering when you first walk in.This store is new opened 4 months.  Retail space is good size and well stocked.  Even more savings when you sign up for their rewards program. Also be on the lookout for coupons. Sales staff is pleasant and helpful.I think design junkies will be pleased with this place. I was!
2	When it comes to home items this place is heaven! They have the most gorgeous canvases for a reasonable price. If you are just going to pick out great home decor than 5 stars. If you're going there for great home decor AND great customer services then it's probably not your place. I work in customer service so I know how important it is and I examine it everywhere I go. I felt like a burden being in this store. I was almost run down by the associates without an apology for almost knocking me over. When I went to check out I stood up there for several minutes before anyone gave me the time of day and when they did approach me it made me feel like walking out and saying never mind I don't wanna bother you. No guest of a store should ever feel like that. As much as I love shopping at Kirklands I do believe the customer service alone made up my mind of not shopping there anymore :(
5	Always well stocked!!!!  And if what you want is not at store, they will order it for you. Highly recommend. Great customer service. Entire staff is friendly, always available, find solutions and answer all questions. Well trained. Love the Silverado Ranch location
