5	Welcome to my new abode, the Pavilions on Central. Besides the lack of obnoxious children. There's much more to like about the Pavilions. It's quiet at the times it's supposed to be. I don't have bass-thumping-subwoofer guy or high-heels-on-hardwood-floor girl living above me and It's walking distance to Lux! Lofts, garages, hardwood floors and the sexual appealing gas fireplace, which is much needed only when you put your air conditioning at 50. If the damned Light-Rail construction would ever get complete I've got a pick-up/ drop-off area right in front on Central Ave and there's a pick-up/drop-off area on Central Ave/ Roosevelt. Perfect for my intoxicating evenings at Fate, The Lost Leaf or/and The Roosevelt.Drink up! Ride the train! Score!
5	Three years from the last review and its still pretty much spot on.  Except now the light rail is done and damn useful.  Access to the airport and the bars and restaurants downtown (and Tempe if you don't mind a long ride).  Otherwise, as Andrew C. said in 2008:"Welcome to my new abode, the Pavilions on Central. Besides the lack of obnoxious children. There's much more to like about the Pavilions. It's quiet at the times it's supposed to be. I don't have bass-thumping-subwoofer guy or high-heels-on-hardwood-floor girl living above me and It's walking distance to Lux! Lofts, garages, hardwood floors and the sexual appealing gas fireplace, which is much needed only when you put your air conditioning at 50..."
3	I lived here for a little over a year and it was great. The management was very responsive and fixed problems quickly when needed. it was overall a pretty decent place to live and I never had any problems there. The only reason why I don't give it a higher rating is because I got slapped with a $3000 fine for breaking my lease even though it was because I had to move out of AZ for another job. I thought that was VERY unreasonable. So if you do move there, be warned that if you break your lease, they'll make you pay dearly.
4	I strongly disagree with most of these reviews! I love living here at the Pavilions On Central. I have only lived here for 4 months. It was rough at the beginning but it is so much better with the new management. When first looking into moving here and the first couple of weeks living here it was not good. The management always gave different answers and they never had their stuff together.  They had no idea about their property. Now that Alliance is here they are doing a great job. They definitely know what they are doing and they are educated about their property. They are always trying to make the property look nice. They are even re-painting the whole complex to a beautiful new color. I can't wait until it is done! The apartments themselves are beautiful as well. They are multiple floors, ceiling fans in bedrooms, nice appliances, fireplaces, and a beautiful pool and spa. The location couldn't be better either. It is right on the light rail which is so convenient, especially since I am an ASU downtown student. The only negative thing I have to say is parking is an issue. You do get at least a garage or carport. Although if you have multiple cars you have to park in non-covered spots which are limited. If there aren't any spots at night you have to park on the street and move your car by 7am. There is not much that can be though because there is no place to make more parking. Overall this place is beautiful, very safe, and has great new management. I would strongly recommend living here!
5	I absolutely love living at the pavilions. It was a little rough at the beginning because of management switching over, but now that alliance is there it makes it much more comforting knowing that everything is taken care of. The few times we have had maintenance issues (which is rare) the maintenance guys are always right on top of it and get it fixed the day of, they are also really nice and pleasant to talk to. The couple times we have been in the office, the ladies in there have been more than helpful and had answered all of our questions. The only downside to this apartment is the parking is pretty bad if you want to park in the gates after 8pm, you better believe you are either going to circle for an hour until someone leaves or swallow your pride and park outside the gates. They are a little pricey but definitely worth it. :)
5	Fairly quiet, great floor plans, closets to love, but location is everything! Can't be any closer to the light rail! Restaurants and places for a night cap are within walking distance in basically any direction. The new management has put a ton of great things into this place, fixing the gates and trimming the trees alone has made a huge impact. The old management had hired some very harassing security folk, who we had several run ins with, no issues at all anymore! I Dog friendly, awesome grill by the pool, all in unit or garage washer & dryer (a luxury in its own) you will get what you pay for. Few improvements I would suggest, more than one recycling bin, pet waste facilities along the exterior, and maybe another BBQ or two. Can't wait to see what the in unit renovations have in store, this place has great bones but with the proper touch will be perfect! Side note, it's the city.. Parking is at a premium in this prime location
1	This is the worst place to live. Management can give you false information about your lease and it is held up by corporate. Do not move here!!!
3	Although I have only lived here for a short time at this point, however, I think I have had enough experience to rate this place on how I feel about it thus far. I am sure at some point in the future I will come back and update this review.Units. I currently live in one of the older, non-renovated apartment units. The kitchen counters are pretty nasty and look like they have not been updated since this place was first built. The walls seem to be painted once each tenant moves out, but the painters are pretty sloppy and about gotten paint on the trim and even the marble for the fireplace. The windows in these units are HUGE. It is very easy for the sun to get into your unit and start melting you and your belongings. The other aspects of the floor plans are pretty nice. I do like having the three floors in the apartment. It is a very unique style but still very comfortable. Each roommate in your unit will have plenty of space for him/herself.Angles. Why so many horrible angles in the floor plan? I would not agree that it add any kind of architectural appeal to the units at all. This is all about the curbs appeal - which they do pretty well even in comparison to other apartment complexes in uptown. The other aspects of the floor plans are pretty nice. I do like having the three floors in the apartment. It is a very unique style but still very comfortable. Each roommate in your unit will have plenty of space for him/herself.Location. The Pavs is an awesome location! If you are young, like myself, and want easy access to the light rail you cannot get much better than this spot. Being located right off Central Ave and Campbell is a dream for anyone who wants to ensure safe travels downtown for the night, save some cash on by taking the light rail to work, or just wants a convenient way to get around town.Staff. All of the staff and maintenance workers I have interacted with have been very friendly and great to work with. No complaints here.Parking. Parking here is a pain in the neck. Most units only come with a single car garage. The other spots around the complex are completely unregulated and it can often be difficult to find a spot. The street parking signage around the complex will not allow anyone to park on the street in the morning of school days. So in the event you end up having to park in the street you'd better move your car before 9am. They do also have several extra garages available for rent at a current rate of $100/month. However, I had a very unfortunate experience with these garages. I rented one of these garages and put several belonging in there before leaving town for a month and upon my return my garage door was somehow open.... Amazingly none of my belongings (car, stereo, speakers, couch, etc.) were stolen. Judging from the amount of dust and debris that was in my garage and on my belongings I would say my garage was open for the better part of the month. When I approach the staff about it they said someone else's clicker must have the same frequency and they would open mine from time to time. I was hoping they would offer me a refund but instead got a discount on future garage rental (not a bad deal over time). These extra garages are hard to come  by so if you are interested in getting one be sure to put your name on the waiting list ASAP.Overall, I am happy to live here. The amenities are not as nice as some of the surround complexes but it is still a fairly nice community to live in with a great pool, friend staff and neighbors, and a gated entrance.
5	I love this place. I had originally had another apartment lined up to move in to (I won't name names, but it's just south of this place on Central) and they raised our rent without informing us before we signed a lease. In an almost serendipitous bout of fate, we found The Pavilions on Central. Our leasing agent Trish was amazing. She walked us through the whole process and made the transition really easy. Move in went without a hitch. The management staff has been nothing but friendly.The unit we got is nice. There are some minor aesthetic issues (random paint, a painted-over light fixture, paint on our peep hole, a stain on the counter) but it was all marked on our move-in checklist and the peep hole problem was fixed right away after I submitted a maintenance request.On to that, now. My maintenance requests have been answered quickly and efficiently. They leave you this nice little note that says they came and fixed the problem if you weren't home.  The maintenance staff is really friendly. They're always hanging around in the leasing office or around the complex doing stuff. One helped me carry a whole bunch of packages to my door, which was very nice of him.Parking for me is never an issue because I have a garage. There are options to expand your garage, so if you have multiple cars, you may want to look into this option.The grounds are beautiful and very safe. I have never once felt in danger walking around. I don't know why there are complaints about transients. I have yet to see a single one. The lightrail is really easy to access and is really only busy around the time the high school starts and ends, which has never been a problem for me.Fitness center has everything you need. It's not too large, but it functions. The pool is stunning and always clean.I cannot express how nice the management staff is. They take the time to learn your name and can always remember you. Of course there are some exceptions, but we're all human, right?I've been very happy living here. I've been here about a month, so I'll update this if anything new arises. Thanks Pavilions!!
