1	Went in for a pedicure, decent job.  Nice and clean.  Prices are strange. FYI they charge extra for the scrub it's 5 bucks but I recommend it, felt great!  Nothing stands out as amazing but nothing was bad.My mom went with me got a pedi and mani cuticals on nails were cut to short. Toe nails were cut really short to the point of hurting her.
3	There are a lot of overpriced nail salons in AZ but this is fairly reasonable! Sure you're not going to get the glitz and glamor of a high end salon but a mani-pedi can only last so long. That's why I enjoy going here because I can get a decent pedicure for a decent price.If you get a pedicure and you have any callouses, I know gross but it is the desert for a reason, then you will have to pay $5 extra to get those suckers scrubbed off but your feet will thank you for it!The people there are friendly and a basic pedicure will cost you $23 and a mani-pedi will cost you $33. Don't count Nails of the World out, they can be your next treat to yourself.
5	They're very friendly. Check it out, Ann and Kathy are amazing.
5	Don and Theresa are great!  Resonable and they are very nice.  Been getting my nails done by them for years.
1	Got a padi and the tech stopped for a while to eat. then i got a new tech to finish my pedi. my total was different than the quoted price. when paying my total was $25 i hanede them a $50 and they cashier tried to keep all the change for a tip. he refused to give me my change until i told him that is not gon to happen. My feet were so dry afterwards. I DO NOT recommend them
1	I brought my sister and her friend who were in town for pedicures and eyebrow waxes. Also for my niece and her friend to get their nails for the Justin bieber concert. Well, I feel horrible for taking them here.  Lynn has been doing my eyebrows for a while now. Even when she was at a different location. She HURT my sister and her friend. Almost 24 hours later and they are still in pain. She was extremely rude and very unprofessional. She had just finished eating and was smacking whatever food was left in her mouth the entire time. You could also hear her food digesting inner stomach which made the experience even more uncomfortable. Now to the little girls.   Unfortunately we don't all speak the same language, but that is no excuse to be blatantly rude and making fun of two little girls who are excited about a concert. The women painting their nails were CLEARLY making fun of them and the girls felt soooooo uncomfortable.  I will NEVER be back nor will I refer anyone.   There are plenty of nail salons and this one has lost my business and that of everyone I know.
5	Always friendly. Been coming to do my eyebrows and nails for years now. Everyone does a great job. We all know how hard it is to find a good eyebrow person, Lynn is the best! She always has people waiting for her.
4	Clean. Great quality. Wide selection of colors and styles. Had a great experience and will return. Shout-out to Don the nail tech!
