4	Cath Kidston has a sort of Stepford Wives/1950's housewife feel to it. Everything is prim, proper and pretty. It has become quite trendy and girls everywhere are wandering around with Cath Kidston bags.I do quite like this store. I wander around picking out all the things I want to buy, then look at the price tag and think "Nah, it's not worth it". Everything is very twee with very girly, flowery prints and nice pinks or blues on pretty much everything. It would be nice to kit out ones summer house down by the beach in Cath Kidston, but one doesn't quite have the budget or need for such things. Cath Kidston=Susie Homemaker. Still a lovely shop though.
4	Everything at Cath Kidston is very pretty and floral and girly, and I am a fan of all three of these adjectives, but until I am in any way able to perform domestic tasks properly or own my own home, I will probably be rejected in some form by the items at Cath Kidston, as I don't feel I'm quite worthy yet.This is not to slight anything in the shop, because as I've said, it's all very beautifully made and quite classic in its look, and I'm always a fan of something classic. I reckon when I finally grow up and I'm adorning my home with delightful items, this will be a definite port of call for me. I recently received a birthday gift from here, which included a large pink polka dot mirror for my handbag, plus a mini polka dot purse, all very cute. The travel bags and travel accessories are very cool, as is the jewellery. Some of the wares are a tiny bit out of my slim price range, but all in all, if you're a fan of multitudes of flowers, this is definitely a must visit.
3	This place is my girlfriends dream shop - she loves everything in it, and as such, I have come to quite enjoy looking around it - although there is never anything I would buy for myself.It's all quite old fashioned designed stuff, but at the same time tends to have a moidern something about it, meaning its all retro-chiq-1950's-housewife style clothing and jewelry and various household items. Pretty nice really. It's all a bit expensive, but hwat do you expect from a designer store on George Street?The shop itself can be described in one word - quaint. Its small, old fashioned and welcoming. Staff are friendly and generally just very nice.
5	Cath Kidston is bringing back the kitschy 50s kitchen, and I couldn't be more thrilled!Selling all things frilly, floral lined and inspired by the retro housewife, Cath Kidston brings the best of the country kitchen into the 21st century. The pastel pinks and cute stripes on the mugs, linen and aprons is adorable.Their kitchenware is fantastic, with new ranges to suit outdoor garden parties (how fitting of this shop!) There is a definite English tea party theme running through the designs on the mugs, but it's equally as good if you're looking for a girly jewellery gift, or a new bag.My cousin has declared that she wants her entire kitchen to be from Cath Kidston in her new flat. She is obviously hinting that she wants us to buy her presents for her new home, but shopping for someone in here is a treat rather than a chore so it's ok. What's more, a lot of the stock isn't as expensive as you'd think from a designer with such a good reputation.Absolutely delightful!
