1	This was the worst place I've ever eaten in Nevada. The staff was rude and very unprofessional. They offered a wing club card and didnt have any on hand. They advertised items on these yellow cards which sounded like a neat idea but trust, it was not. I could hear the kitchen staff in the background talking trash about the patrons in the dining area. It should have tipped me off when the only other people that came in besides the 3 people in the room walked in and walked right back out. They asked us how our food was (wings & burger) and we had to be honest. Horrible.I didnt know you could ruin hot wings, but apparently you can. I've never left food on the plate like this before.  I ordered 12 and left 10. I ate the first one b/c i was trying and the 2nd to make sure it wasnt just a fluke. Ah well at least now I know.  If worse comes to worse go across the street and eat at Mulligan's.  see their review fmi.
1	Where do i start the food sucks the place stinks. It smells like a old trailer
3	I want to write an update b/c the initial review is for the restaurant next door. There is a restaurant part on the right side. and the left side is the Bar/lounge. Now b/c this place is so close to our home my bf likes this place. If you spend $20 in gambling you get a free beverage. This is his incentive b/c he likes that he can walk home if he decides to. Well I have had their $3.25 hamburger which is really good. I'll admit it was down right delicious. You fill out a lil yellow card and mark what you want to add and pay per topping - i.e. pickles, tomato, lettuce is free, but cheese is extra, fries, etc.  my bf likes the mushroom and blue cheese burger, I chose just plain cheeseburger b/c sometimes less is more. STAFF: The same waiter is always there and his name is either Brandon or Chris. I want to say its Chris but he looks like a Brandon so thats what I call him in my head, LOL.  Anyway he responds to both, and is nice about it. I finally asked him one night if he has a cot to sleep in -in the back b/c he is always there. literally always there. I've never been to Rum Runner and this guy not be there. The tvs are above the bar - there is an area w/ a pool table which is always taken. Its a chilled out vibe, i dont know how much the drinks actually cost b/c I've never paid for one - b/c I'm usually playing video poker there. .. probably why I try not to go too often, LOL. Its worth a try.I think its better during football season b/c the very 1st time we went they had a finger food deletables buffett table out when the Chargers were nearing the playoffs, mostly b/c their division is so freakin easy, how could they not? anyway, this place is worth giving a shot if you live in the area.
2	I was born in Wisconsin and therefore am a Green Bay Packer fan. I was super excited when my husband mentioned that there was a Packer bar in our neighborhood...  Sadly the fact that it is a Packer bar is all that Rum Runner Boulder has going for it.There is a separate restaurant  area that I have never sat in, I stick with the bar area because that is where the tvs are. On game day the place gets packed and service is a bit slow but that is to be expected with such a packed house (packed to the point that it is standing room only by the start of the game). They also have a buffet complete with brats during halftime, yum!If it isn't a game day this place isn't worth going to. Last time I stopped in with my husband and he ordered the appetizer sampler, I got one of the salads... Sadly half of the appetizers came out still frozen in the middle. We would have brought it to the attention of our waitress but she was MIA until it was time to bring out the bill and even then it was clear she didn't care that my husband wasn't able to eat his meal... she just took it away with a half-assed apology. No offer to bring out new food, no offer to remove it from the bill. I will only be back to see the Pack play and even then if I can watch the game elsewhere, I will...
4	I've been to this place a few times and to the one on Tropicana.  I love the burgers here and that's what I would stick to.  $3.50 for a burger and you can add all kinds of things to it.  The burgers are delicious as well as the battered fries.  They also have $3, huge mugs of beer during games.  The bartender we had was good and when I went the last time we took our order into the restaurant and then picked it up when they called our name.  I didn't mind it and it was easy.  If you want a good burger, go here!
3	The bartender Chris is awesome! He knows his sports, a poor Cleveland fan too...sad sad. Guys don't expect to pick up any chicks here, but the crowd is friendly.
1	My husband and I live right around the corner. I decided that I would like to check this place out. I walked in the bar and was not greeted. There were maybe 4 patrons sitting at the bar. I went up to an empty side of the bar and the blonde behind the counter continued to ignore me. She passed me 3 times before she irritatedly said "What can I do for you?" The woman standing behind the register, who appeared to be the owner, didn't seem to mind her bartender's behavior. I will never return to this bar and will be going to watch any games elsewhere. If you are looking for your local hang out, this is not the place. They are rude and unattentive.
5	This place is great. Totally chill and layed back, great to hang out with friends, play a little slots, and have some food. The bartenders (Chris, Victoria, and Ric) are always nice. The kitchen next door has good food and everything is very reasonably priced. The only thing I want back is the foosball table, which the rum runner on Trop has.
4	I like this bar a whole lot better than Mulligans down the street. Better food and prices with a better atmosphere. The burgers are quite good. They are cooked to order to your preferance and a loaded up one with fries is still under 6 bucks. The draft beer is super cold and reasonably priced. There are your typical bar neccesities like TVs and pool tables and a jukebox. Its a dive bar but who really cares. You aren't paying for ambiance. I've never won a dime on there poker machines but i am not much of a gambler so i dont complain about it.
4	Ok the bar looks smaller on the outside really nice on the inside for a local bar thumbs up. I'm not a football fan so it being a packer bar I don't care. We made the huge mistake of ordering food appetizer and a burger the asshole from  the kitchen basically came out and threw the mozzarella sticks at us very rude and unprofessional. 45 min later our food  came. I asked for ketchup which pissed him off he said out loud the bartender should of taken care of that for you as he slammed it down in the bar. Really wtf. So we eat and the guy from the kitchen comes back and says so did you pay me yet I almost lost my shit but we paid and now I'm yelping which I think is taking the high road. He said he was leaving soon and we needed to pay him. Asshole I will never order food from this place again if your just goin for a drink your safe the bartender was really nice and checked on us but if the kitchen is separate go eat somewhere else first because he was rude and unprofessional
2	Visited this strip mall bar/restaurant while waiting on heavy evening traffic to die down, waitress didn't ask one time during visit if I would like a refill, or anything else maybe a menu item. Probably wouldn't return, plenty of better choices in the area and I really don't like the smell of cigarette smoke. The era of a smokey and dark bar is dead. They do have a separate walled off seating area adjoining but it was also dead during the time I visited.
4	Love the wings and burgers here. If you are coming to eat have the wings or the burgers!!  Everyone is always really nice.
