4	The Cramond Inn isn't quite loyal to its namesake. By that I mean it's no longer an inn. I was told it was back in the day (this place is over a hundred years old), but that now it's just kept the name for the sake of it. Another bit of info I got from the bartender (who's been working there with her husband for 7 years) is that the outside hasn't changed since the olden days. There are relics of its old age in photos around the pub. These photos sport push-bikes, horse-drawn carriages and then some of those sweet old cars from the automobile's toddler years. The inside's huge and painted a deep reddish brownish colour. There might be a name for this colour. Maroon, possibly? It's the same colour as my kitchen. It's a colour that brings me warmth and comfort. But what really really brings me warmth and comfort is the fact that it's a Sammy Smith's pub. For all y'all who don't know what that means: it's very simple, really. All their beer on tap is by the Yorkshire based brewery, Samuel Smith's. To all ye beer aficionados out there: they sell it cheap! And there's one helluva range. I took my family there and so we decided to get a range of beers. Six pints at the bartender's recommendation: we got a wheat beer, a stout, a dark ale, a lager, a cider and probably something else I can't quite recall. It was real delicious. The Cramond Inn might be a bit out of the way (ok, so it's really outta the way), but you'll get your moneys worth there. Just hop on the 41 to Cramond and get off at the second to last stop. Go for a wee wander around the village and then go grab some grub at the Inn.
4	An olde world pub in a lovely setting - Julia S described it beautifully in her previous review over two years ago & it seems that (in a good way) not much has changed. Friendly clientele, a roaring fire & the wheat beer is lovely.
1	Food took nearly an hour to turn up.  Potatoes raw;  sausages left under heat lamp, solid and inedible; carrots dry and inedible; cheese and bacon burger with no salad turned up with salad but without cheese and with about 4 chips. Worst pub meal I've ever had
2	On seeing the old Cramond Inn sign outside I was looking forward to an old style bar but instead the old character that was once there, now gone & replaced by a chain pub.I can honestly say that I've never been in a place where there was so many dogs, ever!The drinks selection was very poor I fact l did not recognise any of the draught beers or ciders even the back fridge, it was as if they where offering cheap brands that no one had ever heard of.We just had one beer each and this was our last here and headed else where instead, the beer tasted cheap and had more of a chemical after taste to it.From where we where standing at the bar l could see a constant stream of customers coming to the bar as the service was slow some complaining that they had waited an hour for their main courses after having their starters.Not one member of staff was welcoming in fact they where giving a cold reception, never seen so many un happy staff in one place.One of the guys that was in our group who was local said that this bad was more for tourists and locals didn't even come here any more.
4	Friendly and caring service. Great prices, delicious house sharer. Sweet port wine and cheap beers. :)Love the warm and relaxing atmosphere.
