5	Wonderful experience.  I have been to Misty twice now for the Oasis Dream package which is a back facial with massage and hour facial.  Very relaxing and soothing.  Best massage and facial I have received and I have tried a lot of spas.  I call Misty the "Lady with the Magic Hands".
2	I got the Oasis Dream back facial and facial combo and it was awesome!!  She gives a great touch and relaxes you.  However, when I had to reschedule my 2nd appt, I had to call her 4 times and left messages with no reply.  I am disappointed as I don't feel as her client it is my job to continue to contact her to schedule an appt.  I gave her one more chance but again, no response.  Her services are excellent but her customer service sucks!!
5	I went to MIsty for the first time for the Combo facial and HAVE NEVER HAD A BETTER experience....No only is she knowledgeable and so very kind ,she walks her walk and will YOUR skin will never feel and look and be better.Treat yourself , You are worth it ............
5	I have been going to Misty for about six months now. I purchased a groupon for the chemical peel and absolutely loved it. I did have a bit of trouble at first setting up the initial appointment but after that she gave me her cell number. Now all I have to do is shoot her a quick text and I get scheduled. She is wonderful. She followed up after my peel to make sure my skin was peeling on schedule. Wonderful results.
1	I purchased a Groupon from Skin Oasis and when I called to schedule, I received Misty's personal cell phone that instructed me to leave a message and someone would get back to me. However, the voicemail box was full and I couldn't leave a message. I've tried calling back and texting this number multiple times for the past two months and have never received a response. I contacted Groupon and they said they were able to contact the business and that someone stated they would follow up with me within 3 business days - a week later - still no response. Groupon has refunded my account based on this experience.
5	Visiting in Charlotte for the week and wanted to get a Facial while I had some free time.  Found Skin Oasis through a Groupon Deal, and was very happy with my experience. Misty was very pleasant, knowledgeable, and uses great products.  My skin was so soft when she was done.  :)
