5	My windshield was broken by the 10/05/10 hailstorm.  I just got my estimate completed today and called Safelite at 1pm to schedule a replacement installation.  Chris was at my house by 3pm and did an excellent job!  He made sure he covered my driver/passenger seat with plastic so nothing would damage them in the process.   This was not done before when I had a replacement so I was impressed.  After replacing my windshield ( in blazing AZ afternoon heat ) and cleaning it off he cleaned the rest of my windows too!  Above and beyond what I expected!!!
2	These guys came out to fix my windshield after a rock chip spread after a trip up north.  The offered a time window of 8-12 the next day which was fine.I got a call just after 8 to say that I was the first stop and he would be there soon.The van showed up about 8:30.  Very nice tech.  He got started but they gave him the wrong windshield so we had to wait another hour for the correct one to show.Bummer.Then he was using a new tool to remove the window and it fell through and cause some minor damage to the paint.Bummer.  He was apologetic and said they would fix it but who has time to put your car in the shop!!??Two days later (Sunday) it rained.  I pulled my car out of the garage and my windshield wipers were put on wrong and not working.  Safelite was closed of course to I had to take it to a mechanic to have them fix it.  Another few hours lost.Pretty disappointing.
1	Made an appointment to get my windshield fixed.  I had a good sized chip right square in the middle of my driver side line of sight.  I was offered a fill in fix, but was told I would still see a mark where the chip was.  My insurance company agreed to replace the windshield and all would be good.  So I thought.  In order to have the windshield replaced I would have to make yet another appointment later in the week and come back.  If they steer their customers into getting a replacement they should be able to finish the job the first time.  I refuse to waste another day with this place and will be going to a competent repair shop to get the job done.
1	I made an appointment two weeks in advance as I had two cars for them to do the chip repair. Was told between 8 and noon.  1151 am, I called and they said it was to be between 8 and 1 pm, really !  Then they call and said they an emergency and could make it around 130 pm. After this repair going to find someone a little more reliable.
4	I had a pleasant experience here getting my windshield replaced.
