3	Having never ventured north of the Laurier subway stop before, on our last day in Montreal we decided to breach some new territory.  We went in search of another brunch spot and walked by Le Toasteur on the way, and thought it looked busy and good.  Well as it turned out, the primary target of our trip was close, so we doubled back to Toasteur.  It wasn't bad... but it there was nothing particularly out of the ordinary or special either.  I had a salmon bagel which was pretty standard, the fruit was fresh and the toast slices were thick.  Not bad, but I probably wouldn't seek this one out again.
3	Pretty decent breakfast, can almost always get a table in a hurry even during the brunch rush. I find this place to be quite pricey though for what it is: eggs, coffee and toast. The staff is really sweet though and the location can't be beat.
3	I'm pretty sure this place is good for breakfast, but we went last minute with a couple of friend for dinner. It was OK, not awesome. I'll let them another chance for breakfast and will see what they have to offer. Apart from that, our waiter was very very nice.
4	Staff is nice and polite and the tables near the window offer a great view to the trendy Laurier street! Newspaper is available so you can eat while relaxing reading the news. Brunch it's not outstanding but definitely it's a good place to start your mornings!
4	Solid breakfast, nothing fancy, clean and bright. Basically those are all the things I ask of a brunch spot. It's not surpassing my expectations, but it has never let me down. A pretty standard weekend trip for us, and we have absolutely no regrets about that.I actually think that their standard breakfast options are extremely reasonably priced considering the area of town. The omelettes and bennys are a little overpriced, but a couple of eggs, bacon, potatoes, toast, fruit and coffee will run you something like $7. They have great service which, and I cannot stress this enough, has come to mean the absolute world to me after moving from Atlanta to Montreal. Being in a place where I feel welcomed (rather than feeling like an inconvenience) basically will earn an automatic four stars from me here...I think if you're in the 'hood it's a spot to check out.
