5	While many of the other studios offer one specific or two forms of yoga, Bend Yoga offers a nice variety including an afternoon class called "Yoga On the Go" which allows business and executive types in the downtown area to practice on their lunch breaks then head right back to the office.  Lynn also teaches a rare form called Jivamukti on Saturday mornings.  For the Heated Power Vinyasa lovers, the studio offers 2 classes a week in that style too!  The class sizes are usually small so your instructor's focus is generally directly on you which makes for a great personalized experience.  They include aroma therapies from time to time as well.  Students are from various backgrounds so there's a fantastic diversity in knowledge and ability so there's no pressure in knowing cures, Sanskrit or postures. Instructors are completely positive, healing and supportive.  The location is so convenient to bus stops near Market Square and Penn and 7th St that you can get to the studio without a transfer from every party of Pittsburgh.The space is fresh and always clean and beautiful with mirrors on the wall at the front of the room. There's both bathrooms and changing rooms available and a small boutique store that will be expanding soon.  Drop in classes are currently $15 but class passes are available including Unlimited specials. Mary, Lynn and Steve are amazing and I would highly recommend all of them from my own personal experiences in their classes.  This is an absolutely outstanding yoga studio in Downtown Pittsburgh and easily the BEST in the downtown area.
5	a terrific new yoga studio downtown.  highly recommend it.  instructors are patient and engaging.  the classes are tailored to fit the levels of those who attend.  much nicer than attending a yoga class at a multi-purpose gym.
5	I just moved here from a few months ago and needed a new yoga studio to practice at.  Bend Yoga was exactly what I was look for......what a beautiful space.    Conveniently located on Penn Ave.  This studio offers many different class and times throughout the week. I love the Saturday Morning class.!  The instructors are very knowledgeable and always willing to help.  The class sizes are usually small which is great for all levels of yogi's.  If you've been wanting to try a yoga class but not into dealing with the big classes in most gym like setting then this should be the studio for you.  Take my advice and just try one class.....you'll be hooked!!
5	I'm on the road for business in Pittsburgh every other week and needed a yoga studio that could accommodate my schedule.  Bend is fantastic - they have classes early, mid-day and evening,  Great teachers, and multiple styles to choose from.The studio itself is really clean, open, with plenty of space.  Props, mats, everything is there that you'll need.  They have a great website that tells you more, I would definitely start there if you have questions.  The classes I've been to have had a handful of people at most, so there is lots of personal attention.  The vibe is easy-going, fun, positive and engaging.  The team of teachers are really talented.  Prices are reasonable, with really good deals for new customers and multiple-class passes.I can't recommend Bend Yoga strongly enough.  Go and check it out!
5	Great studio in downtown!It's a smaller studio, so I feel like you get more hands on attention!  No worries of being unnoticed by the instructor or not being able to see!They also have a nice range of classes and instructors that provides a good variety of yoga, so you won't be bored!I particularly like the Yoga-on-the-go lunch hour class! It's such a good break in the middle of the day! If you've got a desk job, it's sooooo nice to let your body stretch and move!The studio is also very clean and tidy.  No sweaty yoga studio smells!!
4	The only reason this is not a five-star rating is because there is an instructor that only focuses on the 'discipline' of yoga and singles out less advanced students with use of the words like "no" "stop" and "you're wrong"  HOWEVER, there are such a diversity of teaching styles available, that there is something for everyone.
5	I went to a Friday HH Vinyasa flow with Terra. It was nothing shy of excellent! Her style was perfect.. methodical, calming and she spoke to what needed spoken to. The space itself is absolutely beautiful, great scents, durable props. A little tricky to find however it is downtown so it makes sense. 5 stars!
