5	Best towing ever!!!!! It took less than 20 min from call to car at home. Very nice, even picked me up at home and took me to the bank. I had no worries. It was 50 dollars I had to tip him because he was very thoughtful and I know he was just starting a day and made mine. I had 1.3 mile distance from the time travel. I will recomend service to everybody.
5	On time, excellent service, and speedy.  It was a pleasure doing business with them!
5	MINUTEMAN-Ray.   I called him and he was able to help me tow my car within the hour. He is reliable and did his job quickly. He knows his customer service skills and he runs his business in a professional manner. Call RAY AT MINUTEMAN 702-228-5138 for your towing needs!!!!!
5	The owner of this towing company is really a great man!  My car was overheated, and it stopped working about 35 miles away from Las Vegas in the evening.  What made it worse was that it was a Sunday!  I tried to call other towing companies, no one responded to my call.  I found Minuteman Towing through my sister's relatives, who recommended it to me.  I called and the owner (sorry I forgot his name) immediately picked up my call and once he knew that i was stucked in the desert, he quickly assured me that he would come immediately to help me out.  The price he charged was extremely reasonable.  He arrived quickly and he helped us to tow our car to the nearest Auto Zone and even helped us to changed the cooling fluid.  As a towing company, he was not responsible to help us "fix" our car.  But he totally did!! He was our SAVIOR!  I have never seen such a great man!  He even said that he is doing his job because he doesn't like to leave people hanging in the desert!   If you ever need a towing company, this place is the BEST!!  You won't regret it!!  Thank you so much for your help!!!
1	I used this company once before and he was ok but I had to use him again and gave him specific directions and instead went to where he'd towed my car several months before (he said he remembered who I was) when my car wasn't even there! Long story short he calls to ask where I'm at and I tell him the address AGAIN and he flips! I called him back and all he says is F***! I even offered to pay extra! Very unprofessional! Wouldn't recommend him!
