5	I'm excited that there is a new beauty salon in the Henderson area that has supplies for black hair care.  But....Wait....Not just black, when I went in there, there was the owner (who is black adding extension's to a Caucasians  lady.   So stop in and see what they have to offer.  It's not a huge place, but it has things that I'm sure I can use.   I will be a regular at Sadie J's
2	My 1st and last time at this "beauty salon". I had really high expectations being new in town and it was a good location. Note: The salon was rather smaller than what I'm use to, there were only 3 stylist & two hair dryers. I even stopped by the shop before committing to an appt. to make sure it was a good fit for my needs, pricing were decent.  However, I was called to set an appt for the same day eventhough I wanted an appt for the following week.  I had called previously and the appt. book was not avaliable. So I set the appt for that day in which the stylist had an appt avaliable.  When I arrived a few minutes before my appt. I was bothered by someone else's child that was getting their hair done (which in most salons, children are not allowed unless being serviced) so that was an instant draw back considering when most people are getting serviced in a salon they would like a serene environment. Anyways, as time went by I noticed an hour pass the time my appt was for, I asked how much longer (considering I had an appt and expected to be serviced at the time of my appt scheduled)  I was told it would be 5 more mins. I continued to wait and it ended up being an hour and half by the time I was seated (unacceptable when you have an appt scheduled), by that time it ended up being even longer because someone that walked in after me was being shampoo-ed before me (how the heck does that work)! So I felt like my service was not appreciated and I left after waiting an hour and a half n(which was more than patient). If you decide to go make sure its on a slow day or something because an hour and half wait is 'redic' when you have an appt scheduled.  It may be a a good place for some but def. not 'for me. I will def. not be back at this salon because the service was definately not what i expected AT ALL!
5	My daughter and I love Sadie J's.  This salon targets the African American woman, but the hair cut that I received was nicely done and a good price.I also love buying my beauty supplies from a local, rather than a big corporate chain.
4	Loved this place. Got my hair done here. $25 for a row but it was worth it. I liked it .
4	Had to comment - I'm the Caucasian that was getting her extensions done when Jay J came in! This is a great neighborhood beauty salon - they really take their time with each customer and tailor their service to what each client needs. No, they're not as fast as some of the larger salons, but they are so much more attentive. They can take care of hair of any ethnicity and they make you feel comfortable and welcome. I will definitely be going back and supporting this business!
5	This beauty shop its the bee's knees his back and his arms. It has a beauty supply located inside so you can get the hair or skin products that you need without running all over town. Its really nice to have someone do my hair who pays attention to great detail. And tries new things that I will like. The owner is very kind and professional just ask for Mrs.Moore. I also get extra items when I shop here such as heels so stop in today and see whats new.
1	Oh my lawd! This topped it for me. I mean this place really took the cake.  I mean 1st place for the worst place to get your NATURAL hair done! I called and got a same day appointment - reason being for the 1 star- but that was as good as it got! The lady, Jennifer, was the one that washed me and took care of the whole experience. The wash was great it was when she started pressing it. My mama never burned me that many times in a session. And we were in front of her stove ..... in the kitchen. Then as she continuously ripped and raked at my hair  I felt every precious strand splitting and tearing off. Meanwhile as if I have never combed my own hair she kept saying " ooh you really need to work the middle parts and these ends!" I wanted to say " ooh yes i will after you finish tearing and burning my hair out" needless to say I left hair not fully pressed, because if it were naps wouldn't have been popping as I combed it! Not to mention the hold spray. I left with a burning head and I was so upset. Jennifer was so nice she just seemed really inexperienced. It was just not the place for me. Special note. They don't do braids ( not individuals) but cornrows nor twists, but they say they can do weaves.
5	mary moore is awesome and sooo professional....ifyou want to be pretty and look hot sadie j is the best place price quality and service is fantastikyou have to make sure you have an appomtment for she is jammed most of the timegood luck and if you look goodyou feel good and sadie jis the answer!!!!!amen quality
5	It's time I update this review. The staff are kind & professional.  But I don't allow anyone to touch me but the shops owner and that would be Mary Moore. Mrs.Moore has me spoiled rotten to the core. Plus she has helped me out a few hair emergencies & her education as a professional shows. She is always busy as a bee & she loves to update the shops look so the decor is always something new. I love creative people! The shop itself is also a beauty supply so you can find things to manage your hair on your own personal time.  If you can name it Mrs. Moore can do it for you! I don't give 5 stars often so you know this shop is the bomb.com I don't just trust my long natural locks of hair to just anyone. My favorite place on earth to get my hair done is SJ's
1	Miss Moe't is no longer a t this salon. her contact number is 708-227-0291. The pictures on here that was done by her are the braids and 27pc overlay. 8 pictures are of her work. Trust me when I say no one there could give you what you are looking for in the picture.
1	I took my daughter here for some braids done by Mary and  they didn't even last two weeks, never again!....
