4	So I had to go to the giant pet corp I loath because no one had rodents in the area. Not for pets anyway. The sales associate Tyler was super helpful!! He was really educated and reiterated what I was told about rats over a gerbil or a hamster for a pet. He had lots of pets of his own so he knew what was up. After an hour of talking and looking for the pets new house there wasnt much to choose from for a rat. There was tons of housing for mice, gerbils, and hamsters but rats need much larger homes and cant fit in small tubes of which there was a giant array of here. They had a giant cage that was $99 which I wasnt ready to spend but I will keep it in mind if I decide to get anymore. So far this little Ratatouille has been very chill and likes to kick it on your shoulder. Hopefully this Dumbo Rat will last awhile. The daughter is already saying its her best friend!!
4	I volunteer here every Friday for Halo, no kill animal shelter, and enjoy being amongst fellow animal lovers.  The staff is super friendly and I do a lot of shopping here for treats for the dogs.  I love seeing all the customers with their little doggies.  Their prices are actually pretty good, I look for sales and that's usually what I buy.  They could keep the place a bit tidier(sp)  but otherwise a nice Petsmart location.  If you come in Friday evening and see a mom and daughter taking care of the kittens, say hi!
3	We have been coming to this location for about 2 years now. The prices are pretty reasonable but for some reason we always spend so much here. I think it's because we can't resist the toys & treats for our pups. It's fun to bring the doggies along & we usually do unless we're in a hurry. The staff is very helpful but last night we experienced awful service from the woman working the register. I didn't see her name tag & it wasn't printed on the receipt but she had short redish hair & wore glasses. We asked to have the bill split between 2 cards & she said "Um I think I can, on this register only". When I have had this done at grocery stores or restaurants they ask how you want it split beforehand. Well this dumb ass tells me to slide my card, total says $127, my hubby says to hit no, she says to hit yes. I should have listened to him, of course my card was charged the entire amount. She then says, "Oh it charged it all to your card. It's impossible to split between 2 cards". Oh really? Because I have done it at many other places so I know it is very much possible. Please do yourself & the customers a favor & get some more training!
3	The Fur Kids have to eat! BUT they were out of Royal Canin Chihuahua 28 so had to find another brand.
2	PetSmart kind of irritates me in general (high prices, questionable merchandise, the whole Banfield scam...) but this location goes beyond irritating. They never have what I want in stock.
3	Easy to navigate, there isn't a lot of clutter which i like. The staff is very friendly and they also have designated areas for everything.
4	So I really enjoy this pet store. Good location, easy parking, quick service and the always have pet food companies here to promote their products and have great sales. My dog enjoys coming here but hates going near the groomers. Great selection for pets and very well kept store. These workers are very helpful here too.
1	Usually we get our pup shaved but with it being late October, we didn't want her to be cold, they suggested the furminator. NOT effective. Our pup is shedding like a mad man and our money is gonzo. Oh well lesson learned.
1	Just went in there to take my dogs out and get some food. Been coming here with all my dogs all my life. We use the rude groomers and the nice vet. We spend a lot of money there. It's close to my house and never had a real problem. Today was very bad. So I lost $100 out of my pocket at the store. My bad. So I asked the girl to hold my purchase for a sec till I went to the car and got My purse. Dogs still need to eat. I also asked her to go over the intercom and see if anyone found $100 bill. Went to the car, started it, put the dogs in, grabbed my purse and went to pay for the food. She already had it out back and didn't announce my missing money over the intercom. So I asked her to do it again and went and got my food...again. I came back up and asked her again if she could announce I lost money and she tells me that some guy just found it but gave it to the person leaving the store! Seriously??? I asked her why she didn't say something to them and she said sorry. Then I leave, call a manager and he's says Sorry, it's not their policy to announce anything over the intercom and she was new so too bad. Fucking RUDE!!! I didn't ask for them to give me money, all I wanted was for them to ask if some one found it. If she did ask then that man would have given me back my money. Horrible customer service and the manager was worthless too. That would never fly at my company. Looking for a new store and groomer for my 3 dogs and the thousands of dollars we spend on them there. Not to mention putting this all over Facebook for all my family and friends in the area to read. Work on your customer care!!!
5	I have two dogs, so  I'm in here often. The sales associates are friendly and helpful. I also occasionally take my Dachshund here to get his nails and anal glands expressed. I have found Petsmart to be the cheapest when it comes to get my dog's nails and glands done. The only downside to this location, is the handicapped parking. There are four spots, and they always seem to be filled. Other than that, I really enjoy going to this Petsmart. It is also close and convenient to my home.
5	I was referred to PetSmart  by my veterinarian. The first time I was very very nervous. I had never left my dog anywhere before. The place is clean and really does not smell like dogs at all. All the dogs seem well treated. I have since boarded my dog over 10 times and each time he was happy to be there. One time he was on medication and I actually counted the pills before and after they stay and there were the correct number.
3	This is the closest pet store to our home so we are there frequently. The staff is not extremely friendly, but they always have what wet need in stock. I like that they regularly have adoptions on site and that there is grooming service available, although we've never used it. We do always wait in line when checking out, I've never seen 2 registers being ran at the same time.
