5	I believe this to be one of the best steakhouses in Vegas. The food here is great yet I always leave with heartburn from the amount of food I digest ( I can't help it...I have to have everything). Located at the Renaissance Hotel, Envy is a perfect place if you want a great steak and ambiance away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. Must Haves: Angus Beef Carpacccio: with a yummy truffle mustard aoliMaryland Crab Cakes: have had better but I am addicted to the red                                          pepper coulis that is comes withBone-in Fillet Mignon: Comes out perfect every timeSides: Green beans with apple-wood smoked bacon, Wild             mushrooms in port wine sauce and the mac n' cheese             in truffle oil.I also give this place 5 stars for having the best Sunday brunch in town!! Great live jazz playing all day and bottomless champagne to go with it.....If you love good food, drinks and jazz like I do, this is your spot on Sundays.
5	Probably the best ribeye steak I have ever had.  Went there with my family to get some fine dining  and prime steak away from the overpriced hotels.  Its off the strip but pretty close by cab, and it was less of an inconvinience that we thought it would be.  Its pricey but definately worth it.  I also recommend the creamed spinach side dish.  Great service as well.   Made me wish I spent more money on steaks and less losing at craps
5	OMG! We stayed at the Renaissance hotels for 3 years in a row and I never ate at the Envy and this time we finally did and I am in LOVE!The steak is amazing here....just right but it's all about the sides!!  Creamed Corn - to die for!Creamed Spinach - again to die.Mac & Cheese....I mean really.I love the hotel to stay at since it's so casual and it's not so busy and makes you feel like you can take a break. Loved it!!
4	My wife could eat filet mignon everyday for the rest of her life no problem.  I on the other hand actually gain weight if I were to attempt this.  So as lame as it sounds, I opted for fish both times we came here but it was still pretty good.  Nice and comfortable atmosphere and its never really ever busy here so it feels kinda chill.  The appetizers and desserts are also excellent.  I will have steak the next time.  Promise!
5	I rolled into Vegas late one night and arrived at the Renaissance Hotel.  My companion and I debated where we should eat and finally settled on Envy for two reasons:  it was There and it was Easy.  We weren't expecting much.  Wow...were we surprised!We were seated at a large booth surrounded by lusty red and brown tones.  A single red rose head beckoned from a square, glass vase.  Candles glittered and set a romantic tone.  Too bad I was there on business!We began the meal with a half bottle of an Estancia Meritage and split the Caesar salad.  We then went on to devour perfectly prepared filet mignons, truffled mac and cheese and port wine mushrooms.  It was sheer heaven!  The flavors were robust and delicious!  We also had several choices of how to have our meat prepared.  I chose to have mine charred on the outside, red on the inside.  My companion had her filet in a Bearnaise sauce.  Both were excellent.Then it was time for dessert.  Since we couldn't settle on just one, they made it easy for us with the Chef's trio.  We had miniature versions of the New York cheesecake with raspberry sauce, cappuccino mousse and a chocolate souffle cake.  We paired these with a chocolate port and an ice wine.  The restaurant was kind enough to also give us a complimentary glass of Sauternes.  They knew the way to our hearts! We left Envy feeling elated.  It was complete food euphoria!  When we came back a couple of weeks later, we immediately put in our reservation for the first night we were there.  Envy has become one of our "must dine" places in Vegas.
5	EVERYTHING was good! My uncle said that he had one of the top ten meals of his LIFE here! The olive bread was so yummy and so was my steak!SO GOOD!
2	My husband and I went to this restaurant for brunch based on everyone recommendation of this place.  Not worth going.  The only thing that was worth eating from the brunch buffet was the chicken noodle soup.  I ordered the hamburger and truffle french fries.  I expect the hamburger to be phenomenal but sadly it was not, the beef taste like meat gone bad.  It's sad that a steakhouse who charge $29 for a burger couldn't even do it right.  Conclusion? Feed your palate and conserve your doll at La Village brunch at Paris.
5	This is, hands down, one of the best steak houses there is. Period. It's located at the Renaissance on Paradise which is a little ways off of the strip but right next to the convention center monorail station. The decor is nice, its dim and quite trendy as the name ENVY should imply. I've dined here on two occasions, once with myself and once with a friend and of course I went for the surf and turf both times. Whats great is the fact that they give you the option to mix and match what cut of steak you want and what type of seafood you want. I'm unfortunately a square and went with the rib-eye and seared scallops both times. My steak was ordered medium-rare and came out just the way I like it. The scallops were cooked brilliantly and were topped with a fantastic pesto sauce. All steaks here are served with three different salts that you can add at will. There was a sea salt, a garlic salt, and some Hawaiian salt that was amazing. They tell you to use it sparingly as a little salt goes a long way. I showered in that shit. I ordered a pinot noir with my entree which was great and then a room temp white sambuca for dessert. After each meal I was filled to the brim with food and wine and was feeling quite good about myself. It's a shame that this place is off the strip and at a hotel where there is no gaming. Still, it has become a staple of my Las Vegas trips. I can't recommend it enough.
5	We searched all over yelp for a place to go have dinner while visiting Vegas turned out the best place was just under our nose we were staying the Renaissance (where Envy is located) One of our friends got a credit for the steakhouse for booking a room..which was cool and went a long way. Everyones food was really good the meats are not served with any sides, sides a big enough to split I got the lobster mac and cheese, i know this sounds like what at a fancy restaurant but it was so good I want to go back all the was from Midway City just to get some mac and cheese wasn't too rich and melted in your mouth.  I also got the prawns but i wouldn't recommended them...for the steak for pork chop..the pork chop was giant!! and it was organic. Our service was great too mos def earned that big tip :)
5	Saving the best review for last and what a way to wrap up our Vegas adventure.We have been eating at a lot of high end steakhouses this year. I knew we wanted to go to a fancy place to celebrate my guy's birthday and since we were staying at The Renaissance and after reading the stellar reviews of this restaurant on Yelp, I knew this would be the restaurant for us. All of the room service at this hotel comes from this restaurant as well, so I had a feeling the meal would be good-I just had no idea as to how good.The menu is creative. Everything like most high end steak houses is a la carte. Kevin started with the roasted tomato soup with fried Jarlsberg(his favorite) cheese. It was light and tasty. I had the spinach salad with pancetta, fried goat cheese and a bacon balsamic reduction. Both of these were a fabulous start to our meal and what we both appreciated was the size of these were perfect. Not too big, not too small. Kev ordered the surf and turf (you get to choose which surf and turf) and he went with seared scallops and a petite fillet. I had the bone-in rib-eye steak and we opted for the lobster macaroni as our side (there were several we wanted but knew it would be too much food). Our waiter recommended the creamed corn, but we still went with the macaroni. Upon the arrival of our food, I was awe stricken at the presentation. Simple and elegant. My steak was perfectly charred on the outside and pink on the inside. Tender and flavorful, I closed my eyes and was taken back to a wonderful childhood memory of an old-time steakhouse in Phoenix called Durant's. I cannot remember the last time I had a steak this wonderful. Kev really loved his meal and said it was better than that of his last summer at Bradley Ogden and might even be better than Fleming's. The lobster macaroni was perfectly balanced in flavor with just enough lobster to cheese to pasta ratio. When I told our server how happy we were with the macaroni, he went to the kitchen and brought us out a small sample of the creamed corn. I hate to admit this, but dang, that was probably the most delicious sample of anything I have ever tasted. It was made with fresh roasted corn, bacon and a hint of cheese. To end our meal, our waiter brought Kevin a banana bread pudding (which was incredible) with caramel gelato and cashew brittle. He even had Happy Birthday written in caramel on the plate.Our server was fantastic. He treated us like royalty and even comped a second glass of wine and our dessert. After our disastrous meal at earlier in the week at Ruth Chris in Walnut Creek, I was overwhelmed with joy.Highly recommended. Take the time, take the taxi and make reservations on OpenTable.com and get to this fabulous restaurant!
5	Ever see the stereotypical bougie restaurant in a movie or commercial.  You know:  the couple is sitting there, they get their food and its a carrot and some garnish.  Haha!  It's something like a 2 hundred dollar meal.  Well, it was like that here.  I cracked up when they brought out my food!  I ordered the 8oz Fillet Mignon and potato fingers.  They brought the steak out and it was on this huge plate.  On it was a tiny 8oz steak, a baby carrot, and 2 asparagus stalks.  Haha!  Just like in that Mastercard commercial.  The potatoes were served on a separate plate.  Well after having a good chuckle I cut into it.  Wow!  First, lemme say that I ordered mine rare.  Most steak places will not cook it less than medium.  I cut into mine and it was perfect.  You couldn't get anymore perfect than the ruby redness of this steak.  It wasn't just my steak either.  Everyone's steak was cooked perfect as per their order.  It was one of the best steaks I've ever had.  No kidding!  I'm from Texas.  Beef country.  We know steak.  The potatoes were good too.  A friend of mine had the truffle fries and wow that was tasty.  The atmosphere was nice.  It wasn't noisy or crowded like the strip.  The staff was great and on point.  Helpful with the menu and our questions.  Despite the small amount of food for the price I'd have to say that when you come here you pay for the quality not the quantity.  It's a good thing too cause, hey, you're in Vegas!  You need to make room for the booze!  Oh yeah we brought our own wine.  Corkage fee was $25.  Pretty nominal for most places.  Grade "A" service and food.
5	Where's the Beef!  Can't believe this place is in a Renaissance hotel.  I have been to many fine dining restaurants and none have been as accommodating and kind as this place.  From being seated to being served the food and service was amazing.  I had the tasting menu and my rep I was having dinner with had the 12 oz fillet.  Everything was perfect. The only thing I will say is that I never expected it to be so expensive...  But we are in Vegas.  A must see Vegas Attraction!Bobby Cockrill
2	From the top down, the 8-ounce filet was prepared nicely, as I ordered it -- rare (no complaints on the meat itself).  My friend's rib-eye, however, was cooked medium well to well when we ordered it medium.  The other food was passable but not exceptional.  I was one of two sophisticated diners among four.  Other steak places offer interesting sauces/reductions.  Maybe it's just me, but I would like a demi glace to have more depth of flavor other than just a reduction of juices and salt -- maybe some garlic, some red wine, a hint of balsalmic.  The bacon in the spinach salad seemed like it was in the pantry chef's "mise en place" for some time.  I would have liked the bacon cooked to order, hot and crispy, and tossed with the dressing at the last second and then served.  These are a few examples of the little things that differentiate slightly above-average from excellence.  When you're paying 12 bucks for a salad, don't you deserve it?  The decor of the resraurant reminded me of a high-end coffee shop, nothing too chic.  To summarize, excellent meat (if prepared as ordered), but the whole was disappointing compared to the some of its parts.
4	The rating might be closer to 3- 3 1/2 stars but i decided to bump it up to 4 stars based on value and the belief that the shortcomings can be easily corrected.Hit Envy a few  nights ago with the roomie.  The restaurant is located in the lobby of the Renassiance Hotel basically next to the convention center.  Decent looking place.Not sure why but decided to try the tasting menu ( never done this at a steakhouse .)  Another first, I opted for the wine pairings - i've never done this with a tasting menu anywhere.The roomie had the calamari ,signature sea bass and lobster mac n cheese.  mine ($99 ) - tuna and crab meat dynamite, seared foie gras, the sea bass, filet mignon, sides of mash and creamed corn  and  dessert trio ( cheesecake, warm choc cake w/ tres leches ice cream,  cream brulee. pics added Highlights:     my tasting menu - GREAT VALUE  !  the  1st 3 courses are 1/2 sized orders but the sides and dessert are a full order.  mac n cheese was very good, but the lobster is totally unnecessary ( $15 ) .  The sea bass perfectly cooked, tasted great.  The chocolate cake - excellent. The wines - i was really impressed with the late harvest Zin - great with the desserts ( i questioned whether or not the wines were a "full" pour , but it was enough given the food serving size )Average - the calamari ( supposed to be salt/pepper - where's the salt ? ) mashed and corn - ok ( the corn a little too sweet ) , the dynamite - very small portion ( i thought it was an amuse and not the 1st course )Lowlights - the bread basket - SUCKED ! After serving the dynamite, the manager comes over to tell me that the chef did not like the quality of the foie gras so they were  not serving it - really ?  he just figured this out at 7:30 pm ?!?!  subbed a maryland crab cake - decent but I WANTED MY FRICKIN FOIE GRAS !  The service was great and after giving the server a thorough review of the meal including my displeasure in missing out on the foie gras and the filet being at best, luke warm, they took 10% off my bill.I will definitely return and try the tasting menu again.
5	Went this weekend with hubby, his boss and a bunch of work people.  We had a preset menu where we chose from 4 items.  I had the sea bass with lump crab on top.  The sides were garlic mashed potatoes and creamed spinach (I think).  We were in a private room which was very nice.  The service was great.  Would go back for a nice dinner with hubby next time we are in town.
3	I did not have the steak but the Salmon was nothing to get excited about.  The mashed potatoes were delicious but Salmon was bland.  The fries are good with oil added.
4	return visit this week. coupon in hand, but i'm back on my low carb stint so surf and turf and veggies. the place was packed ( there were a few conventions going on ) but got the exact booth we had last time. went with the BLT salad, bone-in rib eye w/ blue cheese topping, spinach, asparagus. Roomie went with the lamb chops and we shared a 1/2 pound of crab legs. Both the lamb and the steak, perfectly cooked and rib-eye w/ melted blue cheese - ALL GOOD ! food downer - the asparagus were too skinny/ too dry. and i still think the bread bites ! Other downer - service was a tad slow - they comped us a dessert that i suffer watching my roomie wolf it down. I like this place but i've got several other steak places to hit so it might be awhile before i return.
5	If you regularly eat at decent restaurants, much of Vegas can be somewhat disappointing. Envy, on the other hand, was a total surprise. We made a reservation for dinner and I was a bit nervous when we entered the near-empty restaurant. Maybe people don't know about this place or are wary of the prices. Either way, those dummies are totally missing out.I ordered a salad to start and it was big enough to split. The bread was delicious (especially the olive bread) and the butter was room temp, perfect for spreading. We both ordered petit filets, and both were cooked to the perfect temperature, a disturbing rarity these days. For sides, we split garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus with hollandaise sauce. Both sides were delicious and were more than enough for 2 people. To finish, we had coffee, no room for desert.In general, the prices were on par with other steakhouses around the country and the use of a restaurants.com gift certificate makes this one a bit more affordable for a special night out. Our waiter was excellent, coming by to check on us at exactly the right moments. I will definitely come again if I ever find myself in Vegas.
5	Did you say, a $75 gift certificate for $9?  5 types of mac & cheese? SOLD! Our reservation was for 9:30 pm and arrived on time to a near empty restaurant.  Once we walked into the lobby of the Renaissance my fiance (wow that's weird to say) says to me, "is this place open?"  I was nervous that we were the only ones there but there were a few other tables.  Phew!  I took the pleasure in purchasing via Restaurant.com a $75 gift certificate for $9. Ah, yeah...$9!!!  What a deal!  The catch was we had to spend $150 (includes alcohol!)  to have the GC apply.  No problem!  Food:*Surf & Turf - a GIANT 19 oz. bone in Rib Eye with scallops.  Very very tender & juicy rib eye cooked medium rare (woot woot!) served with three succulent scallops all cooked to perfection.  *Bourbon Creamed Corn.OMG.  Serious goodness here!  The best creamed corn I have ever tasted.  Ever!  (better than Lawry's....shhhh you didn't hear me say that!)*Bacon and Gruyere Mac & Cheese.One word....WOW!Drink:*Bottle of Red S. Australian wine.  Perfect.The only complaint we had was that we knew we would fill up fast.  We both slapped our tummies and psyched them into a few extra bites.  Food = great.  Decor = beautiful and comfortable Service =  unpretentiousTIPs:  1. If you cab it here, make sure to get his card so you can call him to pick you up.  There's not much activity here so set up your ride beforehand.  2. Check out Restaurant.com's site and sign up for their emails.  They had a sale over the weekend for 80% off so you can score a $75 GC for $6!  Who can say no to that?
5	As I continue my year-long Las Vegas Steakhouse Investigation, Envy is so far the best over-all experience. Even better than Craftsteak. Way better than Delmonico's and Del Frisco's.The bone-in ribeye was succulent and delicious; cooked perfectly; charred on the outside, juicy on the inside.The truffle-fries were like a drug. I couldn't keep them away from the other three people I was dining with.5 types of mac 'n cheese; 5 types of mashed potatoes!The bread pudding for dessert was unique, and sublime.The wine list is very good and fairly-priced.The service was efficient and attentive.The only negatives are that the prices are comparable to the high-end steakhouses on the strip, which means TOO HIGH! And the bread-basket was a little stale.Even so, it's one of the few Steak joints in Las Vegas that I'd go back to.
5	If you're looking for a nice steak house, off the strip, this is a place to try out. I have been here a couple times on the recommendation of some friends that love food, and it does not disappoint. Their steaks are juicy and very tasty! Add on some of the different salts they provide to give it some extra taste. For a side dish, I always get the creamed corn here. Their breads that they server are also really good! Apparantly they get them from a local bakery. There's one with small chocolate chips in it...yum! The couple times I have been here, it's not been very crowded. Not sure why not, the food is great! Definitely check out restaurants.com for discounted dining certificates here.
5	Was in town for CES -- this place was magnificent! The bone in ribeye was one of, if not the best, that I've ever had.The one 'vice' I have about this place is that they only served a sweet/chocolate bread and an olive bread. For someone who is a huge bread connoisseur  was pretty disappointed that there wasn't a nice crusty sourdough or even just a baguette.. Their breads were disappointing.Would I come back? Absolutely. The price was definately better than any of the casinos, and you don't have to listen to the slots in the background (+1 takes care of the bad bread)
2	I feel awkward typing up this review because I thought for sure I'd be adding to the legions of 5 star reviews.My boyfriend and I went to Envy Saturday night.  I really liked the decor.I had the bone-in ribeye and the mac 'n cheese.  My boyfriend had the chicken.  After trying our respective dishes, we both came to the conclusion that there was something missing.  Admittedly, the ribeye was incredibly tender and the center part almost melted in my mouth.  I don't even know how to explain it other than to say it was bland.I love mac 'n cheese but was disappointed by this one.  It tasted much too wine-y for me.  I don't like the taste of alcohol.The workers were also a bit short with us.  I expected much better customer service.
1	The golden nugget buffet uses the phrase "the perfect balance of cheap and good."  Envy should use the phrase "the perfect balance of expensive and crappy."
4	Gnawing on the bone of a 19 oz rib eye to get the last few delectable morsels - not ladylike.  Did I do it?  You bet your ass I did! Which steak was better, my rib eye or BJ's filet?  Who knows?  Who cares?  They were both downright astonishing.  Love the 3 varieties of  salt.  Not necessary.  These steaks stand on their own very nicely.Lobster mashers?  Amazing. Mushrooms?  Heaven in my mouth. The signature 'Green With Envy' cocktail?  Smooth and silky as La Perla lingerie.The service?  Could. Not. Have. Been. Any. Better.  Up to and including the cheerful and accommodating valet who went out onto Paradise Rd. to flag us a taxi. Trusted Yelpers could not have been more correct in their assessment of this restaurant! Came prepared with the http://Restaurant.com gift certificate, which got two people out of there, including tip, for less than $150.  Thanks, Susan H.!Utterly amazing.
5	I discovered the existence of Envy last summer when looking for a place to have dinner with a bunch of girlfriends during a convention.  We ended up at Craftsteak, so I didn't get to try Envy 'til our latest trip to LV this past December.  We were armed with one of those Restaurant.com coupons from that fantastic sale, so it was the only place we were interested in dining.Envy is without a doubt one of those hidden gems.  It's a secret you want to keep to yourself so you can get a table whenever you like (walk in on a Saturday night, we did), but you know that more people need to know about it lest it go away.  So you find the people you love and trust who have never willingly eaten at an Applebee's and you urge them in the strongest words you can to get there and treat themselves.The decor is lovely.  Not too busy, not too dull.  Full of warm, comforting textures and colors.The service was brilliant.  Everyone we interacted with seemed eager and knowledgeable.  They were very pleased to see us happy.The food is expertly done.  Very rich.  Bring a hollow leg, because you won't want to put your fork down.  My boyfriend and I shared the tomato soup and spinach salad to start.  The portions were moderate, but not so small considering the rest of the meal to come.  We each had a filet mignon - perfectly cooked with just salt and pepper and no extra seasonings or sauce.  The steak is really just a compliment to the super-rich and super-yummy sides.  We had the truffle mashed potatoes (yum!), the bacon and guyere mac&cheese (double-yum!), and the bourbon creamed corn (oh. my. god. and I don't even like creamed corn!).  Even though we thought we'd burst, we lingered long enough to order a couple of espressos and desserts.  I remember them being excellent as well, but the bottle of Jordan cab was affecting my memory by that point.  I cannot remember both of the desserts.  One was based on strawberry... I guess I just have to go back to find out what they could have been.  Darn!
2	There was only one thing on my mind for this night 10-12-2008 (STEAK!) My girl friend and me drove by this restaurant on our way to our hotel and we told each other to look it up on YELP to see if it had possibilities was rated high for 16 reviews, and it was close to our hotel so we decided to give it a go. The atmosphere was impressive, the service matched that of the atmosphere, and the food ---well this is where the turf meets the surf! ... So why the two stars?? The wine selection. I asked the waiter for a selection of red wine to go with our meal (a pairing)...What we received was extremely disappointing, it just plain sucked! My girlfriend had ordered a fillet Mignon rare, and it came out almost well-done. They had reordered the steak for her and by the time it came out, my food was almost done and she was just beginning. The whole experience was a real disappointment overall and we will never consider coming back here again...there are just too many other fine dining establishments to choose from in Las Vegas to look back here a second time.Two stars...one for the looks...one for the service...nothing for food or wine.  I think that that is the Meat of it!Bone-that's-petite!
3	Well we decided to finally try Envy because we always stay at the hotel that it is in  while in Vegas.   We had just driven from California through Death Valley and were pretty tired so we didn't feel like driving the strip looking for dinner so we decided to eat at the hotel.The decor was really nice.  I don't have much to say about the food though.  My fish was ok, but nothing spectacular.  My husband's steak was very small and not cooked that well.  His $7 potato was pretty good though.  In my opinion the food was over priced for the quantity  and quality.  I probably will not eat here again.
3	Finally tried this restaurant after talking about eating here for years... Came to Vegas for my birthday with a group of friends to celebrate and decided to stroll in around 9 PM.  We were all starving from all the partying that we had done that day.  The decor of the place was very nice and was somewhere you could take a date on.  The wine list was decent and wine prices were fairly decent.We ordered Calamari for appetizer which was nothing special.  The green sauce that was served with the calamari was very interesting.  Not sure if it was in a good way or not.  Then came the steak!  We ordered 6 Bone In Ribeyes along with garlic mashed potatoes and lobster mac and cheese.  The ribeye was cooked rare with some parts that looked completely raw (I had ordered it medium rare).  The beef was very tender and veryyy juicy.  Me and my friends all agreed that about half way through it, it was seasoned VERY salty.  Half of us couldn't finish the steak because of the saltiness.  The mash potatoes weren't much to rave about but the lobster mac & cheese was pretty special.  Overall the meal was okay... If it wasn't for my restaurant.com coupon, I would have been severely disappointing.  Not sure why the reviews on here were so good...
4	LOVE their truffle fries. That's a must when you visit. I've been here a few times because I've stayed at the hotel. Their food is yummy, even when you order it late at night. They're quick too. Obviously there isn't many items to choose from when it's late at night, but it's still good. I had the turkey sandwich and salad. The bread was a little too hard, but the salad with their vinegrette was great!When you go for breakfast, the service is great. Very attentive. They gave us a sample of their smoothie as well. It was pretty good, made only from mixed berries. I've also been here to hang out at the patio and have some drinks and food. They're pretty attentive and always come by to make sure you're okay.
5	OK Boys and Girls,Envy's Steakhouse has officially become My Number 1 spot to go for a perfect steak. The cut of meat was PERFECT. The freshness and meat grade was STELLAR. Cook it till Medium Rare.... and BAM, its an orgasm in my mouth. What more can a girl ask for with an orgasm happening in my mouth every time i take a bite.The trio appetizer was good too. So was the red velvet cupcake with chocolate shooter.
5	Although I love steak restaurants the sides are usually what brings a smile to my face and stomach.  Envy had everything covered in spades though.Salad was good... The rib eye steak was like eating steak flavored butter.. it was perfectly matched with a selection of salts (alderwood smoked was the best).OH the sides, you could write sonnets on the Bourbon creamed corn (not a dish I would ever order... now I wonder why I can't find it elsewhere).Believe the hype about the truffle fries, I have never EVER taken home fries in a doggy bag... until these fries.Service was great, personable fast the waitress an her assistant were on EVERYTHING.  We didn't have to wait for refills or more bread or anything.  This made a great meal even better.I would say that the bartender that served us a drink at the beginning really put me off.  It wasn't busy and his attitude seem to be that we were bothering him.I was a resident of Las Vegas at the time and since have moved, but my next Vegas trip this will be a destination.
3	I really really don't understand the 5 star reviews. We just went there this weekend (4/11) and although the service was wonderful, the food left so much to be desired.First off, everything was way way too salty. It felt like they literally drenched everything in salt... so while the steak was fairly tender, the crabs came off easily from its shell, I felt like I was eating salt. The creamed corn was crunchy (not expected), the port mushroom was okay and the truffle fries was also salty. I just think everything would've been great had everything was less salty. Save the salt please! I did get the 75 off 150 restaurant.com gift certificate and we did tip off the original amount. Our waiter deserved it (5 stars for service!) but man, I don't know anyone would want to pay for over salted food. Maybe we should have said something.
5	Well to put it plain and simple the food was incredible and the service (Dawn) impeccable. I have eaten at both Charlie Palmers and Ruth Chris and have to say Envy far surpasses then in both foramentioned qualities. WIth my love for steakhouses I will be frequenting more often.
4	SUNDAY BRUNCH REVIEW!I know most of the reviews here are for the steaks and I plan to come back and check that out.  However, we were looking for a good place for brunch on Sunday and thought we'd check this place out.  First off, check online at www.restaurant.com for a coupon to this place.  I got lucky and bought a $25 gift certificate for this place for ONLY $3!!!!   What a deal! (normally its $10 for a $25 gc, which is still good) The food for brunch was great and the joint was classy.  Loved the live music.  That guy can jam.  I recommend you dress up for this place or at least wear a collared shirt.  Service was great and our drinks were always topped off.  Never got thirsty. Plus, lots of friendly people.$25 a personUnlimited Sparkling Wine, Mimosa and "Build your own" Bloody Mary Bar.* Appetizers & Salads* Build Your Own Omelette Station* Classic Belgium Waffle Station* Applewood Bacon & Breakfast Sausage* Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise* Chef's Carving Station, Prime Rib Tips* Seafood Station with Shrimp, Crab Legs and Oysters on the Half-Shell* Mini Gourmet Sandwiches* Variation of Homemade Mousses* Chocolate Covered Strawberries* Assorted Mini Pastries  Good stuff and I recommend this place if you are tired of all the buffets around the strip. I'm definitely coming back again.
4	We looked at all the options in Las Vegas for a great steak, and decided to venture to Envy. The place was pretty empty on a Saturday night, but it could also because of the economy. The food was excellent! The rib eye was tender and juicy. The mac and cheese sample platter was great also. Everything was top notch. Will definitely come back again.
4	Service is ok-good. Exceptional being French Laundry or Joel Robuchon. The server Dawn is way cool. Appetizers average, Salad Average nothing great here just ok.. Main Course the bone in Rib eye ABSOLUTELY exceptional. One the best steaks I have ever enjoyed and I have tried every cut and every grade. The steak was also cooked to perfection the only temperature I eat is Black and Blue and this was perfect. The thing about steak houses what makes them good is the side dishes and the sides + apps + salads all mediocre. Dessert also just ok I had lemon custard. The steak was exceptional that's why it gets an extra star. Next ill go somewhere else for salads and apps and come there for main course.Best steakhouse in my mind is stil Charlie Palmers @ 4 Seasons because their apps and salads are so much better. Lets face it anyone can cook a prime piece of beef and as long as its not overcooked its going to be great! As i mentioned Black and Blue preperation at envy probably the best ive had.
4	The truffle fries are excellent.  The bone in  filet was very good.  The salads and desserts are also yummy.  The service was good and the environment was nice.
5	I came here with a $75 GC from restaurant.com and I was ready to eat. My gf and I ordered so much food. We got the a complete 5 course meal including salad, appetizers, steak, sides, and dessert. I ordered the rib-eye and my gf ordered the fillet, they both came out perfectly cooked and the quality of the prime beef was excellent. The service was prompt and friendly. I would come back here again in a heartbeat.
5	I came here armed with my $75 gift certificate from restaurant.com and I was not disappointed.  It was relatively quiet for a saturday night.  We were promptly seated when we came in.  Before my dinner here I practically studied the menu for a week.  And in the end another persin and I paid $75 for their dinner and wine pairing.  I ended up slightly drunk after my dinner.  My dinner was the foie gras..which I have had better but the salad after more than made up for it.  The steak was done to perfection and very tasty.  And omg their creamed corn was delish...the main reason for me coming here.  As for dessert I don't really remember what I had.  Our other 2 dining companions had the Envy signature tasting.  Nicely presented and very good.  Also, the bday girl with us got a dessert on the house and some wine.Definitely a great place to for dinner to get away from all the excitement of the Strip.  The next time I come back I would like to try their brunch with the unlimited alcohol.
4	Say hello to the cutest Hostess with the most, Alyssa when you walk into this warm colored gem. I am happy that I finally got the chance to eat like a Mega Star!! Chris, was too cute for words and Karen knows her menu. Those three made my meal one to remember. Alyssa, REALLY need to get on that floor to be a server!!!!The Food:Best steak I've had in a long time. Best butterfly style!!Sides: Try the trio soup. I really like the Split Pea!!!Mac & Cheese too Rich for me! Fresh Cream Corn out of this world and those Skinny fries full of Fatty Flavor have me loving life!Dessert: A creative creation that needs to stay. Imagine a Martini Glass with FRESH THICK WHIP CREAM, Dark Chewy Cherries and Cookie crumbles on a spoon. It was a Sinful delight. Should be called A GLASS OF SIN for Sin city. Not sure if this Cherry bomb will stay, but I really think it should. Try it if you can....I am so envy that Los Angeles does not have this Rich Steak house!!!
5	My boyfriend took me here for Valentines dinner. It was FABULOUS!! They had a special menu that was $65/person without wine and $81/person with wine. The menu's were seperated by gender (a his and her's menu), and each course (4) came with a seperate wine. It started light with a rosemary bread and butter, to a salad, fancy crab cake, your choice of entree and then dessert. Each course was beautiful to look at and exquisite to taste. I must admit...I wanted my boyfriend's custard dessert more than my chocolate cake.By the end of the meal, I was stuffed and couldn't stand straight because of all of the food-gasims I was having in one night. Please...try this at least once in your life time...it will be an adventure!!
4	There are one hell of a lot of good, even great restaurants in Las Vegas.  Having said that, why would we choose to return to Envy when there are so many we have yet to try? The answer is simple:  The food and service are incredible.  I love this place.  I love the food.  I love the attentive, knowledgeable service.  Let's be honest - I love the http://www.restaurant.com gift certificate deal.  But if it disappeared tomorrow I would still return, and happily pay full price.   I even love the valet.  Scratch that - I REALLY love the valet.  Go, and you'll see why!
5	I went here last time I was in Vegas two years ago.   LOVE restaurant.com and their big certificates!   I went here for a speical dinner with my now wife and it was downright amazing.   I had surf and turf and i have to say this absolutly another top 5 steak i've ever had.   What made this place better was the gift certificate!
5	Echoing other fellow yelpers:  *Use the restaurant.com coupon FTW*Service is good*Food is fantasticI got the 19 oz. prime bone-in ribeye.  It was a huge portion for 42 bucks.  Cooked to perfection.  It was slap your grandma awesome.  I love when you work your way toward the bone and the meat just gets tastier along the way.  They gave three salts for extra flavor.  I think it was sea salt, some expensive pink salt, and black lava salt from Hawaii.  The black lava salt went well with the steak.  4.5 stars for the steak.Every time I see the word truffle I usually order it.  My group was ok with me ordering the truffle fries.  When they started eating them, they were excited for the next bite.  The only thing that would make this 5 stars instead of 4.5 stars is if these fries were cooked in rendered duck fat!We all shared sides, so I got to taste the sampler of three mashed potatoes and three mac n cheeses.  The sides were great.  They weren't the best I've had, but they were damn tasty.  I would rate ENVY a strong 4 stars, but the coupon, service, and the great atmosphere made it 4.5 rounded to 5 for yelp.  Is it me or are most restaurants not even close to full.  I went Friday night and it was barren.
5	Still as good as ever.I'm Proud to say that I Lust after Envy, and when I'm there I succumb to Gluttony. So deadly. So sinful.
5	ever since i discovered envy, there's no need to try the overpriced casino steakhouses (unless you don't mind paying a bit extra for the location)....ENVY is located slightly off the strip on paradise and the renaissance hotel? i can't remember. anyway, the decor was simple enough. service was EXCELLENT. very warm and friendly.  they gave me a complimentary champagne and bday card (my bf told them it was my bday when he made the reservation).now to the important stuff: THE FOOD:out of our party of 6, 5 ordered the ribeye. i was the only one who ordered the sampling (of sea bass, short rib, and filet). it was good.  all three dishes where well balanced....but i did ENVY everyone else who had their own 19 oz ribeye- HUGE. if you're on a budget, share. the sides are a la carte as well so order 1 of each that u crave, and if you crave some more, order more! PLEASE try the CREAMED CORN, and FRENCH FRIES. we also ordered the asparagus w/ hollandaise and mac and cheese. though i love food, i like to keep things simple w/ my steak, so next time, i'm sticking to steak, corn, and fries. nothing else. and no need for steak sauce here! they did have some salt samples available which were AMAZING. feel free to check out their website. i always like a restaurant who puts their prices on their menus online. shows honesty- like they're not too scared to put their prices up to scare away patrons.
5	After a 3 minute walk from the Las Vegas Convention Center monorail station, we found Envy to be quite busy on a Saturday night.  Many were dressed rather informally (not us), which was kind of surprising.  My boyfriend thought it was because we saw a "Welcome -insert engineering firm here-" sign.The atmosphere was very calm and friendly.  Service was great, I really like how our waitress attentively watched all of her tables in case they needed anything.We had the signature 19 oz bone in ribeye done "medium-plus" between medium and medium well - because my boyfriend likes it rarer than I do.  It was definitely right on the money, but you could really taste the effect of the dry aging on the more rare parts, it was fantastic. We also had the beef cheeks that had been slow cooked for several hours.  The beef cheeks were ridiculously tender, had a pretty thick balsamic vinegar sauce, and tasted better when in the same bite as the truffle mashed potatoes they were served with.  This was a good dish to try, but I'd go back for the ribeye.  We didn't order any side dishes and were still pleasantly full from 2 entrees.Oh yeah, don't forget the restaurant.com g/c - we used a $25 one on a Saturday night with no problems.
5	Excellent! Todd our waiter was awesome, and spot on with the wine and side dish recommendations (the Creamed Corn was the best corn dish I and my wife have ever had)! Cannot say enough about this place, a great find thanks to everyone on Yelp! We will be back again!
4	Yeah.   I thought more about my last review and just wanted to bring it down to a 4 stars.  I always go to Ruth's Chris and Envy shouldn't get a 5.  it's a solid 4 though.
4	I would've never heard about Envy if restaurants. com wasn't doing the 80% off coupon specials for this place. I guess for the locals, this is one of their favorite steak houses off the strip. It is a bit aways from the strip on Paradise Ave. Fortunately I was driving, I manage to find the Renaissance hotel and this place. The parking and walking from the car part definitely was an adventure. The restaurant was buried way in the corner of the lobby and the best part was there were no signs that tell us how to get there. I guess I got spoiled by all those other casinos on the strip. Would be nice if there was a post it note on side of a beam some where..but oh well. I came here right when they opened up at 5pm for dinner service. We had a very friendly waiter that didn't give us the dirty look because we were planning on using the restaurants .com coupon. Since we didn't have a huge appetite, we decided to share off the prix-fixe menu. Apparently thats a huge no no and its designated for one person. So we ended up getting the Envy signature bone in steak and a side of 3 cheese mac and cheese. The appetizer arrived close to 30-45 mins after our order. I wasn't too annoyed since I wasn't hungry, and we got time to conversate and enjoy the decor at this place. They also gave us some bread with butter to munch on while they were firing up the grills. The steak finally came split in two, and they creatively added some decor to the plate for both of us. I thought that was nice on their part since we were sharing and that we each got our own dinner plates. The mac and cheese came in a bowl on its own. I would say for $10, it was a very small bowl. The steak tasted wonderful, and not over cooked since I ordered it done medium well. Meat is meat, its all up to how much you cook it and how the flavor is. I would give them an A+ on the steak. The mac and cheese on the other hand had this funky odor. Probably smelled like some wet socks after football. Not to mention that it was way too salty. I could barely chew on the mac and cheese without crunching on another granulate of salt. Someone went crazy with the shaker in the back.Either ways, we only had to pay half the price with our restaurant's .com discount. Next time we will definitely go with a $50 off $100 coupon so we can get a bunch of leftovers for the suite.  I will definitely pay Envy another visit.
4	Get the gift certificate from restaurant.com. Order a whole lot of food and be prepared to be way too full to do anything. Tried the appetizer tasting. For sides there was bacon mac, garlic mash, truffle fries and creamed corn. I have to agree with everyone else who raved about the cream corn, do yourself a favor and try it. For steaks we went with the bone in ribeye and porterhouse. Both were cooked to perfection. I'd give the nod the ribeye if choosing favorites. Finally ready to explode got a smore for dessert. Can't really tell you much about this because now the meat sweats were kicking in and was in need of a nap stat! Definitely an enjoyable meal with great friends.
4	After a long day at the pool and 10 shots of Petron, we decided to get some steaks. ENVY came highly recommended by one of our friends. He didn't even bother to hype up the steaks cuz apparently ENVY's claim to fame are their truffle fries. ENVY definitely came through. Surrounded by dudes that can flat out eat, we had three orders of 19 oz bone-in rib eyes, three orders of truffle fries, a sampler, four orders of soup, and bacon mac and cheese. I think we consumed a whole cow over dinner. The food was absolutely amazing. I also need to send a special shout out to the watress for continously filling my plate with the macadamia sweet bread.The food was reasonably priced and the place had a very comforting ambiance. It's nice to get some peace and quiet for a minute since the hotel is off the strip. Look for valet guy Wayne on your way out of the hotel. Dude has the key to a lot of Vegas hot spots. FYI - Apparently there is a huge discount coupon floating around online. I've yet to find it. Blah!
5	One word: YUMMMMMM!!!Went with a $75 restaurant.com cert, off of bill of $151 and it was some of the best food I've ever had. The best steak I think I've ever had (ribeye), best corn EVER (creamed corn), and best fries (truffle parmesan) that I am now drooling just thinking about. Each bite of any of these and I was in complete heaven! Since we had a ton of fries left, I even took them to go and ate them all cold the next morning at the pool - what a breakfast.I think I need to fight the temptation to fly back out to Vegas just to go there again.
5	Remembering how good it was for brunch, I called these guys up and made reservations for our little family reunion of 7. For large parties they take a credit card down and if there are any cancellations, they charge $20/per person. I didn't think much of it because of the wonderful brunch I had on my last visit. However, I ended up checking the dinner menu online AFTER I had made the reservation and my eyes grew wide as I saw the prices listed. Dang!!! (Note to self: Always check the menu before you book a reservation!!!) Oh well, I wasn't planning on spending that much but I was totally down to pay half our bill if necessary since I booked the place.  It's not often we have a family reunion.Aside for the price shock, which was my fault anyway, we proceeded to the establishment. It's a nice, classy joint. I would suggested some decent clothing, no shorts and tuck in your shirt. Our table was all ready to go once we go there and we sat comfortably in our own area.The food was AWESOME! With 7 of us, we got a bunch of different things and we all shared what we got.  Some got a nice salad to start, "Fresh Mozzarella & Heirloom Tomato with Sweet Balsamic Syrup." Presentation was nice and it tasted just as good as it looked. We also got 3 choices of bread to munch on until the main course came along.  For the big meal we all had steaks. The fillet mignon was nice and tender and the bone-in ribeye(which is they're signature steak) was ohh soo good.  All that, topped out with a good red wine hit the spot. We were loving every bite!The sides here are what make this place stand out. We scarfed down the Grilled Asparagus with Hollandaise Sauce. Then we tried the 3 different mac and cheese dishes(Three Cheeses, Truffle, & Bacon and Gruyere Cheese) and 3 different kinds of mashed potatoes(Garlic, Truffle, & Bacon and Gruyere). We got the samplers to try each of them and ALL were good. I had trouble deciding what was best.  One last thing, try the truffle fries! You won't be disappointed.The staff was real good and we were taken care of extremely well. My only suggestion is I wish they had their steaks served on a hot plate.  That's fairly minor compared to how great everything was.  Yeah, the bill came and it was fairly hefty but I had no complaints about the meal or service.  It was a great time for all of us and I absolutely felt it was money well spent.
5	Hooray for Envy!We hit Envy after a long day of many pineapple mojitos & shots, and no food at the pool. Generally this combo would put me straight to bed, but on this particular night I rallied, and thank goodness I did!With the four of us piled into a 1998 Camry (only the classiest while staying at the Wynn) we rolled up to the Envy for what is has become one of the more memorable dinners I've done in recent times. We started with the chilled seafood platter for 2 - try for 6. We had a tough time finishing this but somehow we managed.  Somewhere in there a salad with some goat cheese was passed around. So rich, it should have been dessert. My husband and I shared the bone-in filet while our partners in crime both had petite filets. The bone-in was ah-ma-zing. Juicy, perfectly cooked... I am drooling thinking about it. The creamed corn was a perfect side for this meal. We did wine, we did dessert, and we did espresso. We also did a $75 restaurants.com gift certificate and I made it through the meal without passing out. Winner-Winner-Winner!
3	Ok, so yelp has really good reviews and my friends say it's fantastic, but I was disappointed. Don't get me wrong, it was good steak for the price, but for my visit this past weekend, it does not compare to the others (N9NE, Del Frisco's, Morton's, Maestro's), where I've walked out with the feeling of complete satisfaction.The bone-in ribeye prepared medium rare was decent but not super juicy. The sea bass and their bleu cheese wedge salad were good, but as I've mentioned in my previous post, both at Kalani's are better. The mushrooms under my sea bass were overcooked, super shriveled, and some were almost dry! Their signature truffle fries were super tasty and crispy, but I'm not sure I tasted any of the truffle oil? If it was there, it was definitely overpowered by the parmesan and salt.Conclusion: Call me crazy, but I've had better.
5	made reservations here for my girls 21 and it was one of the best dinners she ever had she said after we finished .   The whole dining experience was perfect from the service to the food. Get the envy signature steak with sides of garlic mash potatoes, bacon and gruyere mac n cheese and you have to get the TRUFFLE FRIES...!....Alll in all the dinner was everything i thought it would be, and its off the strip so you don't have the main strip dinner feel. Do not forget the 75% gift cert on restraunt.com its a damn good deal.
5	They were right!  This place is so good.  Rib eye was perfectly cooked and so flavorful.  The steaks came with finishing salts which was nice.   They have one of the best mac & cheeses I've ever had rich, creamy, & delicious.  We also had the romano fries really good too.  This place is a little out of the way but we took the Mono to the convention center and your right there.  I will definitely go back cause I need to try the cream corn and I'm a table slut.
4	It was a "Sex and the City" evening for us. A restaurant in a very quiet, low-key hotel, The Renaissance, and to our dismay, the restaurant had a romantic ambiance...half empty. Despite the unbusy-ness atmosphere (which is out of character of Las Vegas buffets and restaurants, we had a very pleasant and enjoyable meal. For each pair we split a steak entree, go for the rib eye.MUST order the Truffle MacnCheese, it's heaven.You can order many other sides and there is a variety of salads and starters. I thought everything was delicious...except for the bread. It tasted like day-old bread but pay no attention to this part of my review :)
3	More like 3.5 Stars.I decided to try out this restaurant especially since restaurant.com had a coupon for Envy.  I realized that the steaks may be as good as the reviewers said or perhaps there was an ample amount of reviews for this restaurant because they took advantage of the coupon offer.  I've tried many steak houses and I would say that is one is about average. Hence, the 3.5 stars.  If I didn't have the coupon, I would probably not come here.  I did try the creamed corn and truffle fries sides.  I expected more from the truffle fries, but they were still good.  There was too much fries to finish so I finished it 3am in my hotel room and tasted even better.  The creamed corn in my opinion tasted better.  Our waiter was professional and courteous.  Service was excellent.  The ambience of the restaurant was classy and upscale.  By the way, I made reservations on opentable.com, but that was not necessary since there was plenty of room the time and date I arrived (Weds, 8:00pm).
4	ENVY was the best meal we had in Vegas.  We both ordered the Signature Tasting Entree:  Filet Mignon, Braised Beef Cheeks, Sea Bass, and Crab Victoria.  The beef cheeks made us nervous, but turned out to be excellent.  Very rich.  The sea bass was average (Bonefish's is better!) the filet was good as well, although the bearnaise was ice cold when we were served, and by the time some lukewarm bearnaise came, my steak had lost all warmth.  (And PS - I know that you can't make bearnaise too hot!)  The crab victoria I don't remember because I was on my third glass of wine :-)  Also, enjoyed a mix-and-match flight of wine for $12.  The service was shotty, which is why I gave it a 4 out of 5.  ENVY was a good experience all-in-all.
5	Amazing food.  The meats were very tender and the presentation was superb.  My friends took me here for my birthday and they gave us free champagne!  The waiter was super cool...and gave us recommendations on places to go.
3	3 stars for the food + 4 stars for service = 3.5 starsI was craving a good steak and it came down to going to Del Frisco's again or trying something new.  I opted for something new which was not a good idea.  I ordered the bone-in ribeye and my girlfriend ordered the "salt brick" roasted chicken.  The ribeye is considered their signature dish but it was average at best.  It was too charred on the outside and it overpowered the flavor of the meat.  The roasted chicken was not bad from what I can remember.  Other people claim it to be too salty but I didn't notice it.  We also ordered the bacon and gruyere mashed potatoes, which was delicious, and their signature truffle fries.  All the reviews hyped it up to be the greatest thing in the world but I'll have to disagree.  They do give a lot though, enough for atleast six people. The hotel and decor of the restaurant is really nice and the service was great but for me its all about the food.  Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed enough by it to consider going here again.
1	Went to brunch this past weekend and had a $25 coupon from restaurant.com which I purchased last December.  Warning:  They do not accept all coupons.  Even though on the "new" certificates it clearly states that it excludes brunch the old certificates (that are valid for 1 year from date of purchase) do not have this exclusion.  When the waiter told us the news, the manager admitted that she knew this didn't have the exclusion but that the "restaurant reserves the right not to accept the certificate".  She was downright rude!  We have a $75 certificate for dinner and will absolutely NOT be using it ... and I would ask before you dine if they will accept the certificate as it wasn't said in words but implied that they reserve the same right for dinner.  So just some words of warning.As for the waiter, he was great - very friendly and perfect service.As for the food, was good brunch for $29.95/pp.  Made-to-order omelettes, shrimp cocktail, prime rib, crab.  Pretty typical stuff, good quality but nothing that most buffets don't have.  Did include all-you-can-drink mimosa's, wine and bloody mary bar though.Hate to give anywhere 1 star, but think its just bad business to not honor a certificate / coupon that you well know is in circulation.  Felt bad for the waiter who had to deliver this message, as its obviously someone in "management's" poor decision.
2	After having read the scores of good reviews me and some friends decided to give Envy a try for my 30th birthday...unfortunately nothing special ensued.  The menu read like most steakhouse menus read...which isnt bad in-and-of-itself, however, if you are going to serve everything that every other steakhouse serves, it better be good.  It really was a disappointment that it fell short. The steaks were so very ho-hum.  The chicken cooked on the salt brick lacked any sort of ingenuity.  The rack of lamb, which I ordered, just did nothing to standout.  While it was cooked well (med-rare), it was largely bland and lacked that crispiness that lamb fat gets when it is cooked well.  All of this is not to say that anything was bad...it wasnt.  The server was excellent!  He had a very good grasp of the menu and was friendly and attentive to say the least.  Having eaten at some of the other premier steakhouses in Vegas I was expecting alot, unfortunately it seems as though the bar was set too high.
1	Was in town for a few days and did some research.  Read some great reviews on this place and also saw the added bonus of using a restaurant.com gc so decided to try it out.  Not sure if we got the "coupon special" or what but the food was forgettable.  We had the $75 gift cert but with tax and tip it still ended up coming to about 120 and I gotta say, I would have been much more satisfied just going to a buffet.My bf and I started with the seafood tower which was pretty decent. He ordered the bone in rib eye and I got the tasting plate.  Both our steaks were flavorless and I'm not sure if they do that on purpose because they also serve an exotic salt tasting tray to put on the entrees (is it diy entree seasoning??).  My pork was so dry I wanted to spit it out.  The fish was okay.  The parmesan fries were alright but I was expecting somethign orgasmic based on reviews from others.  The creamed corn was great (and just about the only thing I enjoyed).  We also ordered the Smore dessert which also lacked flavor..the brownie just tasted like a crumbly mess..All in all, DEFINITELY WOULD NOT GO BACK.  It was a major waste of money IMO.  Looking back, even our cab driver was like "this is the first time anyone's ever asked to be taken here for a steak dinner..i'd go to Morton's instead."  Shoulda taken that as a sign.  The restaurant was also EMPTY at around 7PM on a Friday night.  You wouldn't find that at a restaurant on the strip with a comparable priced menu.
4	So we got into Vegas and headed straight for Renaissance, where we were staying, to check in.  Needless to say, after the drive out from LA, the girl and I were STARVING.  "Aren't you always?" you might ask.  Well yes, I am always hungry, thanks for pointing that out!  "Douche," I mutter under my breath.So we were thinking about meeting some friends for dinner, but decided to just take care of it ourselves.  Envy was on the first floor of the hotel, looked nice, and upon further review it had received pretty good ratings on Yelp.I called downstairs for a reservation, although upon our arrival it appeared unnecessary... there were only three or four other tables occupied.  The server was very friendly, although she seemed disappointed when we told her that we intended to share a plate.  Let's see, we're in Vegas, we're going to go dancing, and the girl is showing off her midriff... not a great time to be downing a steak apiece.  Perhaps you'll get a smaller tip, but come on, give us a break.Ambiance was very nice, with deep rich red color palettes and big comfortable booths that are raised up on platforms.  I will also give particular kudos to the steak knives... they were sweet...We opted for cocktails instead of wine, since we knew that wine would put us to sleep.  The cocktails were large and stiff, as they should have been... not terribly overpriced either.First they brought out a basket of fresh bread, which was delicious.  I had an olive roll (a personal favorite), and the olive flavor was strong and fantastic but not overpowering.  I mean come on, olive bread with butter?  Doesn't get much better than that.We split the Envy Signature prime bone-in ribeye ($42), which was a good piece of meat, if a little fatty (even for ribeye which tends to be fatty in and of itself), but it was cooked pretty perfectly (we ordered medium rare but it came out a little medium around the edges).  Oh, and they did charge us a $5 split-plate fee.We also ordered two sides: the truffle mashed potatoes ($11) and the bourbon creamed corn ($8).  The mashed potatoes were a very tasty compliment to the steak, plus I love truffles (who doesn't?).  While I'm not as obsessed with creamed corn as the girl, it was indeed the best creamed corn I have ever had... the bourbon flavors melded perfectly.  Both of these are highly recommended, although the truffle fries looked excellent as well.All in all, I'm going 4 stars.  I've been to better steakhouses, but this is a legitimate option, and I would prefer to patron the smaller restaurants as opposed to the chains (although Envy was downstairs in our hotel, we were also within walking distance of Mortons and Lawrys).  Service was good, food was good, prices were reasonable for Vegas (about $120 with cocktails and tip, although that was for a split portion), portions were large (even in splitting we were both uncomfortably stuffed) ambiance was nice.  I'd go back...
4	Best in-hotel steak house I've tried.  Vegas is a tough place for a no name steak house in the hotel lobby of a chain hotel, but this place is worth it, just look at their "bone-in" selection and if you don't, one of their lovely waitresses will emphasize it for you.  If you're staying in the hotel and looking for a great dinner, make it easy and stay there to start your night on the town.
1	Envy is consistent.  Great food, great service and never a wait.edit: I had to go from 5 stars to 1.  Envy got a new chef last year, the menu has changed and the food is just not good.  :-(
4	Tried Envy the last time I was in Vegas..it was fabulous. The restaurant is a little bit off the strip in the Renaissance hotel. We went here on a Sunday night and it wasnt too busy. The restaurant had a nice decor and very good service. Our server was friendly and very personable also.Appetizers: Tuna and Crabmeat Dynamite, Black Sesame Seaweed Salad, Yuzu Soy : this dish was alright...eatable but nothing great Entrees: Envy Signature rib eye steak: It was very tender and juicy. And tasted very good. Envy signature Sea Bass: This was an exceptional dish. Loved it. Sides: Grilled asparagus with Hollandaise sauce: Very good side dishSteamed Broccolini: Thsi side dish was ok, nothing spectacular.Creamed Corn: This dish was also ok. Tasted decent. Our friends ordered the prix fixe menu for 39 dollars and it looked pretty good. They had the roasted tomatoe soup, 6oz angus filet. and the chocolate lave cake. They looked like they were pretty satisfied. Beverages: We ordered a bottle of pinot noir and that was pretty good. Overall it was a great restaurant and priced pretty decent. We had a $ 75 coupon that we got fom restaurant.com so we got that taken off our bill. Total price for the four of us was 230 including tip. They also gave my bf a complimentary glass of champagne because it was his birthday which was nice. Would definitely come back again.
4	Fair warning: what follows is a rather lengthy story... ^_-We were in Vegas to celebrate three different birthdays, and so we naturally had a large dinner party of 13.  Our plans were to enjoy an excellent dinner and then head over to the Mirage to watch Cirque's LOVE show.  I had originally made the reservation for 9, but ended up calling two more times to change the party number.  Every time I called, the hostess didn't have a problem with it.  On the last phone call, I even told her that we were celebrating multiple birthdays, and she said it was no problem, and to see tell her the birthday people when I got there.  I even asked if a reservation at 6:30 would be enough time for our 9:30 showing, and was told we had plenty of time for dinner. The reservation was made for 6:30 PM on Saturday evening, and our entire of party of 13 showed up by 6:40 PM.  We weren't seated until 7:00, but we didn't mind since we were taking pictures and chit-chatting amongst ourselves in the waiting area.  During this time, the hostess was kind enough to point out our waiter to me so that I could let him know who the three birthdays were.After we were seated, the waiter introduced himself, the menus, and the drink menu.  I slipped him a piece of paper with a diagram of our table, and indicated where the three people were seated.  He looked at it for a second, realized what it was, give me a smile and nod, and tucked it away.  Everyone in our party knew pretty quickly what we were going to order, so when asked for our drinks, we went ahead and put in our orders as well.  At around 7:30 PM though, we noticed a large crowd of people filing into a curtained off section.  We assumed it was a group affiliated with a convention of some sort, and guesstimated about 70 or so people to be there.  They were loud and having a good time, with lots of cheering and applause.  Our party had fun with it at first, cheering and clapping along.  But after the fifth time of a rousing chorus of cheers and claps, it did start to get old.  Nonetheless, the appetizers came (for those that ordered them), and we all got distracted by taking pictures and tasting the yummy concoctions.  The Maryland Jumbo Lump Crab Cake were truly jumbo shrimp (Yummy!), and the tomato soups and onion soups were cleaned to the last drop.We noticed the time around 8:15 though, and we were wondering why we hadn't gotten our food yet.  Yes, we were a big party, but it had been a good 45 minutes since we had ordered.  We asked our waiter about it, and he said it should be done soon, and he'd check up on it.  8:30 came around, and still no sign of our food.  (We noticed our waiter was going in and out of the kitchen a good number of times - he was looking pretty concerned himself.)Slowly, the conversation at the table turned to the fact that our food was still not here yet, and that we had to leave around 9 to get back to the Strip.  Finally at 8:40, our food came out and our waiter apologized for the wait, explaining that the kitchen had gotten backlogged due to the other large party.  Everyone at the table was a bit miffed - the restaurant knew well in advance that there were two large parties coming!Between the 13 of us, we had gotten every cut of steak on the menu, the sea bass, and the veal chops.  We also ordered sides of mashed potatoes, truffle fries, mac and cheese, grilled asparagus, and creamed corn.  We all enjoyed what we order (and impressed with the size of the bone-in ribeye), and the sides were delicious.  (The mac and cheese, truffle fries, and creamed corn were devoured!)  Having said that we enjoyed the food, it was as much as you can enjoy scarfing down food within 20 minutes... We were very disappointed that we couldn't enjoy the food in a leisurely manner, but we all commented on how good the food was.  HOWEVER... not a single plate came with the sides that were included (mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables.)  That was another big oversight of the kitchen that we weren't thrilled with.  As we rushed to settle the bill, the waiter came by to ask us what to do about the birthday people.  I was really sad to tell him that we unfortunately didn't have time - we had to get going to make the show. But in waiting for the taxis to arrive, our waiter surprised us and was able to get three desserts packaged in to go boxes! In the taxi ride back to the strip, we commented on the quality of the food, and that it really was very unfortunate that we weren't able to have a proper experience at ENVY.  We all agree that while there was a definite lack of foresight from management  to be unable to juggle two large parties, we would definitely have to go back again to give ENVY a second chance with the amazing food that we had.
2	After much research I chose Envy for my husband and I to dine at on the only night we had free while I was on a business retreat. First the hostess got my husbands name wrong, no big deal, but when he corrected her she says, "Whatever, it doesn't matter"! We overlooked that as she was young and inexperienced. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu items, but I felt a slight chill from him when we did not order cocktails or wine. We don't drink alcohol, enough said about that. We started with the tuna and crabmeat dynamite, which was delicious, but at $17 was miniscule and overpriced. There was a tiny bit of caviar on top, but not enough to justify the price. It was nicely presented. I ordered the bone-in filet mignon and my husband ordered the bone-in ribeye. Both were cooked perfectly, but I doubt the filet was 16 ounces with bone as indicated. For $49 I expected more than I got. Sad. The server, I felt, should have told us that the sides were enough for at least 2 people as we ordered the lobster mashed potatoes (good while hot but bad when not), the asparagus (so-so), the truffle french fries (tasty but enough to feed 6 people), and the creamed corn, which we both thought the best thing on the menu. Needless to say we could not finish any of the sides, in fact we hardly put a dent in them. I felt like the server was upselling by not telling us the portion size because we didn't order wine. I've been a server so I know about upselling, but at least I was honest with my customers! Our bill came to $185, with dessert, which was unremarkable. Overall, we were disappointed with our experience there. Too bad, because it is a beautiful, romantic setting. Most reviews I've read were 5 stars, but I can't justify it here.
4	The five course fixed menu on Valentine's day was delicious - well done Chef Stefan!  The atmosphere is very inviting and elegant.  Like many hotel restaurants, you need to walk through the contemporary lobby to get to the bathroom, but that is my only criticism.  This is a lovely, non-smoking restaurant for a business dinner, quiet date or group event.
5	The truffle fries are way too good.  I go with a girlfriend every time we go to Vegas.  We get a coupon from restaurant.com  and cab it over.  It is nice to be in the one spot without slot machines.  The ambiance is quiet and comfortable.  Our service has been outstanding.  The filet mignon was perfect and my friend's lobster practically disappeared. She said her scallops on a previous visit were the best she has ever eaten. The wine and drinks were done well.  We will return, we have loved without reservation each visit.  Good date restaurant.
3	The story you are about to read is true. This is the convention center, Las Vegas business at its finest. My name is Skacey, I carry a badge.6:22 pm, Thursday. I am heading to dinner with my coworkers at Envy, a steakhouse near the glorious Las Vegas convention center. We arrive a bit earlier than some of our companions and decide to enjoy a beverage at the bar while we wait. The bar is a large curve, with high top cocktail tables and chairs arranged in front. Their drink menu is a blend of retro-riche and urban lounge. The wine list is better than average as well. For me, I spot Guinness and decide to try it blind. Bad call on my part as the bottle and glass are set before me. True Guinness only comes from the tap in my book. Service was good, about what I would expect but no better.Once seated we take a second pass at drinks. There is a bit of debate as one decides to go for a Pisco Sour, while another questions the merit as he has spent time in Peru. The final verdict was a decent try, but not quite there. For me, I switch up to a dirty gin martini, which is highly dependent on the quality of olives. Final verdict, standard bar olives with little taste.For dinner, we ask about the fish of the day, but after being told, the server returned to let us know that they only had two servings left and were making the switch to scallops. For my meal, I go for the special.Now, with higher end dining comes higher end expectations. The overall consensus was that the food was good, but not great. My scallops were overcooked and under seared. Light brown crust and somewhat gummy. Not impressive, just average.Overall - decent, but not unique especially in Vegas.
4	Some friends and I had dinner at Envy a few weeks ago during a Vegas weekend trip.  The restaurant is located off the strip in the Renaissance Hotel which looks like your run of the mill business hotel.  I was actually surprised to find a steakhouse located inside. The interior of the restaurant has a nice, rich decor and pleasant ambiance.  The service was attentive and friendly. Our waiter was quite knowledgeable and helpful in recommending two bottles of white and red wines for our table.  Our party of 8 ordered the following items:Bourbon Creamed CornHands down the BEST creamed corn I've ever had.  It was mouth wateringly rich but not overly creamy and flavored with so much goodness.  The waiter had noted that this was the most popular dish on the menu and I completely understand why.  We originally had two orders of this dish but it was devoured pretty quickly so we ordered another.Truffle FriesTasty stick fries with truffle.  A very substantial serving - one order would have been plenty for our table but I'm quite sure we ordered two. Bacon Gruyere Mashed PotatoPretty good but nothing out of the ordinary. Entrees:Ginger LIme Sea BassI opted for the sea bass since it came recommended by one of our friends.  It was a very light dish in flavor and moist throughout.  The portion was quite generous as well.Bone-in RibeyeMy boyfriend ordered the bone-in ribeye which we thought was only decent at best.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.Overall, ENVY steakhouse is worth a visit if you're looking for a nice meal off the strip.  The bourbon creamed corn absolutely blew us all away and remains the most memorable part of our dinner.  I'd go back just for that dish!
5	ENVY The Steakhouse has always been a restaurant we passed by, heard about, but never really thought about dining at.  Sure, we heard amazing things about this place, but it's another steakhouse in Vegas.  We finally took advantage of their restaurant.com coupon and had a cozy dinner for two.First up - I made reservations on OpenTable.com and requested we sit side by side.  Although I do note this in the reservation, it's rarely and sometimes noticed and acknowledged.  In this case, the booth had two settings specifically set up side by side.  Nice!After a slight delay, we got our beverages and menus.  It wasn't too hard to decide.  We barely made a dent in our warm bread and butter when our entrees arrived.* Bone-In Ribeye, 17 oz with Wild Mushroom Sauce ($45)* Bone-In Ribeye, 17 oz with Brandied-Pink  Peppercorn Sauce ($45)Both orders came with garlic mashed potatoes and roasted seasonal vegetables.  One thing I appreciated from our waiter (Joshua) was that he told us that we probably had enough food without ordering sides.  And this is usually the part where they push the sides on you, but not in this case.  And he was so right!  The 17 oz is a big piece of beef, and there's really not a whole lot of room left for much else.The steaks were perfectly cooked rare, and tender and tasty!  So tasty that we didn't even bother with our respective signature sauces that came with it.  Rather, we didn't even care for the sauces at all.  The meat was flavorful all on its own and that's what you call a good piece of beef!  Of course, half the fun is experimenting with their three salts and seeing which one goes best with your dish.The garlic mashed potatoes were also good, and the roasted seasonal vegetables also had a good mix of veggies which surprised us.  Different kinds of squash, beets, and mushrooms were part of it.Overall, we were pleasantly surprised with the quality of service and food.  Service was top notch and the food had us interested in the rests of their menu.  Of course, coupons definitely help in this department.4.5 stars.
4	Decided to try this place for our anniversary dinner and we where not disappointed. The atmosphere, food and drinks were great and our waiter and the staff were excellent. Hell, even the General Manager stopped by to check on us. Our meals came with a crock of garlic mash potatoes and vegetables so; we didn't get to order and other side dishes. I would definitely recommend this place to family and friends.
3	Sadly they've changed the menu. The "signature" bone-in ribeye is no longer.It's just a Bone-in Ribeye, a couple of ounces lighter than previously for $45. In fact, ALL the steaks are $45!Garlic mashed potatoes and vegies come with the entree, and there are no substitutions, so that kind of kills ordering the wonderful truffle fries.It's just not the same, and it's not an improvement.Alas....Envy, I'll miss ya.
5	This review is long overdue and I have nothing but great things to say about Envy. I've eaten here about three times with my girlfriend and our friends. Each time we visit Envy,  we're never disappointed because the service is on point, the food is always fantastic and the wine list is amazing. A great experience each and every time and I have the staff at Envy to thank. Let's talk about seating. In normal restaurants, tables and booths are set up to seat about 4 or 5 people per table/booth. I think we can agree on that. At Envy, every table and booth is set to seat about 6 - 8 people. Well, for people like me who enjoy dining with good company, it means a lot to me that a little detail like this is taken into account of what a good dining experience should be. At the end of the day, it is about how the food tastes but when you get to share with a group of friends, it somehow makes your food taste that much better. Also, it's nice to have all that space so you can keep ordering food and alcohol!Now, let's get to the food. The bone-in rib-eye is phenomenal. It's huge, a bit pricey, and is cooked to order. I like ordering my meat medium rare because I think the texture and flavor is better when ordered as such. As far as your sides go, don't leave without ordering the truffle-regiano fries and bacon gruyere mashed potatoes. SOOOO EFFFFING DELICIOUS! We order at least two orders of the fries and mashed potatoes because they are pretty damn addicting to say the least and because it really is that damn good.The staff itself is very accommodating. There were visits where we had to change our reservation from six people to eight... or ten people to seven... and whoever was answering the phone was always so pleasant and easy to deal with. Our waiters were always coming by the table to check on us to refill waters and bread. Gotta love that!There are plenty of other steakhouses that need to be visited -- like Cut, Del Frisco's, Brand -- but it's nice to know that if shit goes down at any of those places, Envy is always waiting for me.
5	I have nothing but love for this place. One of the best steaks I have ever had. The service is great and I love that it is off Strip so no traffic hassles. I appreciate the fact that two sides come with the entree unlike some other steak houses where everything is separate. This place is a great value too if you utilize the restaurant.com coupon.
5	The mac and cheese alone was enough reason to give envy a five ate review. However do not let the excellent selection of mac and cheese atop you from enjoying the amazing steak they serve there
5	It was July 4, and we wanted to enjoy a nice meal before hitting the town. What's more convenient then dinning at your hotel? I made reservations for the Chefs table which gives you a great view of the chefs in action. We had some yummy appetizers and cocktails upstairs at the club lounge before heading to the restaurant. I tried the 17 oz bone in rib eye which came with the garlic mashed potatoes and medley of roasted mixed veggies. The steak was cooked to perfection and was delicious. Garlic mashed potatoes also excellent - buttery and garlicky but not overbearing. The veggies were decent and complimented the meal. Envy offers three types of salts which go great on your steaks and sides. Envy offers a 14 oz bone in Fillet which i tasted and it was awesome too! The staff here is friendly and the head chef even introduced himself. He also took the time to follow up and make sure we were totally happy!
3	This is a nice little steakhouse inside the Renaissance Hotel off the strip but being a steakhouse and inside a hotel, be aware that it is pricey (prices are akin to Morton's etc).  Luckily I knew that they offered $25 gift certificates at Restaurant.com as long as you spend $50 which is not hard considering that the steaks alone are $45 (sides are about $9).When I arrived I had to make my presence known to the hostess as her back was turned to me while she was busy reading something.  Having been full from a happy hour splurge (at Morton's ironically) a couple of hours earlier, I only ordered the Fillet Mignon and no sides (the steaks come with garlic mashed potatoes and grilled vegetables that are served "family-style").  I wasn't offered a choice of sauces (per the menu) or told anything about the salt choices but I think that was because I was dining alone and the server didn't want to waste her time with a "small" check (the restaurant was nearly empty with only 5 tables when I was there).The Fillet at 10 oz was done correctly (ordered at Medium) and very flavorful----it came with a demi-glaze sauce which I guess is the default (and quite tasty too).  The mashed potatoes were creamy and the vegetables decent but as I'm not a mushroom fan I didn't eat much of them.  The steak was enough for me considering my lack of appetite but I think it would have been enough either way as the portion sizes for the steaks are quite large.  I also tried the dessert of the day, a pineapple upside down cake with a sorbet at $9.  It is a very small portion so if you were thinking about sharing you might want to think again or go somewhere else for dessert (try the cafe at the Palazzo).  It was very moist and delicious but overpowered with candied ginger on the outside (probably would have been better inside the cake).  Service was fine especially the busperson who constantly filled my water glass and brought me bread.  They have an extensive wine list with a good but small selection of wines by the glass (from $10-20).  I believe you can also dine in the wine cellar if you have a large enough group.All in all, this is a fine steakhouse but not on par with Morton's (better than Fleming's though) even though the prices are comparable.  If you're staying at the hotel and don't want to venture out, this is a fine choice but if you're craving a good steak with the fine steakhouse service I'd go down about a mile south to Morton's.  In the end, I walked away not sure that it was worth the $50 (even after using the gift certificate) for a steak, dessert and glass of wine.
3	Went here for lunch today to meet a colleague.  I ordered the Burger with Cheddar Cheese & Jalapenos with a side of Fries.  The food came out fast and as ordered.The Burger was good....not great.  The Fries were outstanding.  The service was good and my meeting went well.Overall it was a good experience, but for $14 I've had better Burgers.Will I return?  I usually have business lunches here because of it's proximity to the Strip & Convention Center.....so I will probably return.  I wouldn't take the family here for dinner....just not good enough for the price in my opinion.
3	I had the bone in filet and a glass of wine and my bill was $60.  The filet was good but I regret not going with the t-bone.  The price was too high for the value, but keep in mind it is a hotel and restaurants are overpriced for convenience.  I would likely not go back with so many better options for beef in Vegas.
4	This is quite the nice little steakhouse.  Its off the strip, in the Renaissance Hotel, and adjacent to the convention center.  I was thoroughly impressed though.  I had dinner once (Sea Bass), breakfast twice, and lunch once (burger).  Everything I had was really good and I can't complain.  I realize this place is a steakhouse and I didn't have a steak.  However, if you can do everything else well, I'd imagine that you could do a steak pretty good too.I've been to several steakhouses in Vegas and I definitely go back here again.
5	I first herd of this steakhouse from some friends that are always looking for a good steak in vegas.  When I first pulled up I saw they had valet right up front which I prefer, not that I am lazy but I hate the long walks threw the casinos mainly because I see the pain my wife is in from those shoes she loves to wear.  The restaurant had a very modern look.  They gave us great recommendations including there amazing split pea soup, which I am not usually a fan of split pea.  My wife had the filet mignon and I had the t-bone, both cooked and seasoned to perfection.  There wine selection was pretty good and the server was excellent at picking a wine for us as well.  The server differently added to the experience not only by his food and wine knowledge but he was encouraging us to coming back soon by informing us of coupons they sometime advertise for locals.  I will be back soon.
5	Even though place has tons of reviews on Yelp, I always feel as if this restaurant is way underappreciated when it comes to the general public.  Whenever the topic of great Vegas steakhouses comes up, I seem to be the only one touting Envy.  My husband and I have dined here 4-5 times, and each time with the exception of Valentines day the restaurant has been practically empty.Envy is one of my favorite steak restaurants in Vegas so far.  I'm extremely picky about the way my steak is cooked (mostly medium rare with a strip of cool red in the middle), and they've never gotten it wrong.  Steak-wise I generally go for the enormous bone-in ribeye while my husband goes for the more conservative filet mignon.  Both are cooked deliciously and always served with 3 different types of hawaiian salt.  Who knew that black salt tastes so different from red salt?  And both so wonderfully delicious.I can't do a review about Envy without talking about the sides, though.  The number one shining star here are the truffle fries.  If you love truffles, your arteries will die happy eating these.  In fact, if you're not interested in dropping $50-80 a person, you can actually call in a to-go order of truffle fries for only $10 (and the portions are HUGE), just to check out their flavor.   Sometimes you just need some truffle fries.  My reviews of this place would probably be useless to non-truffle lovers, because my two other favorite side dishes at this fine establishment are the truffle macaroni and the truffle mashed potatoes.  Depending on when you go, one or the other may or may not be on the menu, but you can always ask if the chef is making it that day.  They're totally worth it.The portions at Envy are always gigantic, and the value is wonderful.  Add that together with the fact that you can get a Restaurant.com coupon for $75 off of $150,  there really is no better value for the taste in Las Vegas. Really.
2	Really? I had to make reservations for this place? Because on a Saturday night over Labor Day, this Envy The Steakhouse was completely dead. There was one other table in there. When we left, there were maybe 5. We had a restaurant.com coupon, so thank goodness we didn't pay full price for this place, because I would've rather taken my money to Fleming's.Our waiter was this super mellow guy, and was really nice. He did pay attention to details because he knew we didn't want ice in our water and made sure he didn't accidentally pour it in when it came to refills. It's the little things.Well, the big thing was the price. We ordered the 10 oz. filet mignon to share between us for $45 and paid a $5 split plate charge. $45?? Are you kidding me?? We started with the gnocchi which had wild mushrooms and parmesan fondue, which was pretty good. We also ordered the steamed broccolini. The steak was definitely not worth the money, because the outside was cooked to a slight crisp (not a problem for me because I like a bit of char), but the inside ranged from well-cooked on the sides, to cold red center, which is not good. A well-cooked filet, ordered medium rare, is a cool pink throughout. What I also didn't like was that they cut the steak in half for us and brought it out on two plates, just because we split it. Well, it probably didn't get to cook enough since you cut the sucker open, and it got colder by the time you brought it to the table. What was good was that your entree comes with a small crock of mashed potatoes and roasted season vegetables, which was yummy. That's a nice addition, considering most steak places just give you a steak, a la carte. They had forgotten the steamed broccolini and didn't bring it out until we asked for it. We had a wine from their seven for seven list, which was pretty good for $7. The ambience was very hotel/steakhouse-like. I still felt like I was in a hotel, and I thought the decor was trying a bit hard to be on a more upscale than what it really was. At least I didn't have to dress up to eat here. They didn't balk at my track suit jacket I had with me because I was too lazy to pack anything dressy for the trip. So glad we didn't pay full price for it. It was barely worth it even with the coupon. I do not have steak ENVY.
5	I think a big part of this 5 stars review came from the level of services which we received during your visit.  The restaurant is located within Las Vegas Renaissance Hotel, which is a non-gaming business hotel.  Due to its location, it is usually quite on weekends and non-convention time.   It also effect the restaurant, too.  Since majority of the traffic to this restaurant came from the hotel guests.  We were immediately seated, there were multiple servers helped us with breads, water and menu ordering, talking about being treated like loyalty here!  Decor is contemporary elegant.  A nice place to take your date or special someone here, or even good for business lunch too. Since we visited during the lunch hours, so the menu selections are more limited.  However here are the break down:Bread - Complimentary with meal. Regular Cabatta bread, Olive bread and cranberries walnut were all warm and fluffy.  Entree - We ordered French Dip sandwich which was moist and juicy (Serve with Au Jus and Horseradish), Chicken Pesto Sandwich served on freshly baked bread, and the Envy signature burger with choices of TWO cheeses, TWO toppings (mushroom, bacon..and more) on top of the traditional hamburger condiments (Lettuce, Tomato, Pickles).  It was a 1/2 lb burger so quite filling!  The patty was cooked to our liking as well.  All lunch Burgers/Sandwiches come with choice of fries or salad.  I strongly suggest to upgrade to truffle fries  ($3). Its worth every-penny.Make sure to get coupons from restaurant.com so we ended up paying our meal for almost 50% off! What a deal!  I would recommend this place to others when visiting Vegas.
5	Went to Envy this morning for brunch and to celebrate my parents 32nd Anniversary and was blown away! I couldn't believe how I overlooked Envy for so long after my initial visit.Envy is a neatly tucked Steakhouse on Paradise inside the Renaissance hotel.  When I normally think of Steakhouse I'm thinking dinner, but Envy takes on brunch head-on.  Offering up an all-you-can eat surf and turf brunch, Envy had a full spread of crab legs, prime rib, tuna, chicken, waffle/omelet station, fresh bagels, etc.  They even have a personal bloody mary bar :) and wine tasting station ;).  Envy went above and beyond my expectations for brunch.  I cannot wait to sample their dinner menu.
4	I love this place. Crab cake was one of the best I've ever had. Truffle fries are insanely good.Great cocktails too.Steak was not the best ever, but still ranked well.
4	This place was great.  Would I still say that if I didn't have a restaurant.com gift certificate effectively making lunch for 5 under $200? Maybe not, but I think the food here definitely stands out and has earned this place a spot in my go-to book for vegas.Slightly off the strip, the restaurant is actually inside the hotel.  It's a really calm and inviting atmosphere, and the restaurant itself has a very modern and comfortable setup.  I really enjoyed the truffle fries, as well as the steak, but I have to say the burger that you get to selectively craft is by far my favorite at least for lunch!You get to choose among a list of great toppers to slap onto your burger, and the burger itself is huge and juicy.  Great service as well.
4	Ate here 3-4 times on my trip due to it being downstairs in the Renaissance I was staying in. Never had dinner, but had lunch twice and breakfast 1-2 times (can't remember :).Food was top notch and the prices weren't ridiculous for what you were getting.  The burger with onion crisps, bacon & mushrooms and a side of truffle fries was freaking great.Friendly service and they serve their food at the bar right outside the restaurant.  Dinner menu looked good, and based on breakfast & lunch, I'd assume it to be great too.
5	We recently had dinner after our wedding at Wynn for a group of 20 in the "Wine Room."  The food was wonderful and the service was amazing.  They worked with us to create a menu that fit our needs and budget.  The chef even came out to greet our guests and cut/serve our wedding cake for us.  We can't wait to come back to Envy for our 1 year anniversary.
4	Brunch for $30 a person in Vegas can either be a heavenly steal or a wasted money nightmare in which you find yourself squeezed in between overweight, "starved" tourists wanting to maximize quantity for their buck.Envy was luckily the former. We were here for brunch on Halloween and enjoyed the atmosphere of regulars being dressed up and mingling in large groups of friends and family. Brunch here includes unlimited champagne or mimosas - never a good idea when a Russian and a German come in, we will destroy your bubbly supply! Our server caught on soon that we take unlimited to heart and she rapidly refilled our flutes every few minutes. Empty plates were also removed swiftly each time we ventured out to the buffet again. If you don't care for champagne all that much, just go wild at the build-your-own bloody mary bar!The selection of food was great. It wasn't a mass-appeal kind of buffet, but rather a well-rounded selection of top notch items. The omelet station had any ingredient you could possibly want from jalapenos to applewood smoked bacon. My favorite was the large plate tower of chilled crab legs and shrimp. I was missing my tartar sauce however, I don't care for cocktail sauce.Envy's carved prime rib is possibly the best one I have ever had. Too bad I targeted the lunch-type food last, I couldn't have more than a slice. I'll save some more space for it next time I'm here.One thing that gets me to completely ignore calories, carbs and sugar overdoses at buffets are the desserts. Most buffets have those cute little shot glass desserts and I generally take about 10 different kinds until I need to be rolled out of the restaurant. Envy had a smaller than usual dessert selection, but it did not disappoint! The bread pudding topped with raspberries had me zone out until the last crumb was devoured. I'd come back here just for that!Envy, you make other brunches in Vegas envious with your quality food, excellent service and cozy atmosphere.
4	Don't let the location fool you.  ENVY may not be in a world renowned Strip hotel, but the food is excellent.  Throw in the use of a restaurant.com gift card to save some cash and your steak will be even tastier.  ENVY was eerily quite when I was there, but I hear that it can be a madhouse on some nights when conventions in progress.  A steakhouse is about steaks first, and sides second.  The steaks were excellent and this was the first time I've came across a bone-in filet mignon.  In my opinion, the taste is worth giving up a few ounces in the cut size.  It's not likely you will leave hungry if you grab a couple of sides with your meal.  Garlic mashed potatoes and steamed veggies are given to you gratis, but push them aside and ask for the mac n' cheese and creamed corn. You won't be sorry!
4	I was first impressed with the birthday card the restaurant had the hostess give me when we came in. Our Open Table reservation mentioned our celebration, and they shined at making me feel special with that thoughtful gesture.Our waiter was very informed and enthusiastic about the wine selection. We shared a bottle of a special house wine that was very tasty and went well with our meal.My Love and I shared the spinach salad with goat cheese, pancetta, warm bacon-balsamic vinaigrette with bacon on top. It was really good, and a very interesting flavor. Our friends shared the Caesar salad with romaine leaves, white anchovy, and black pepper croutons, and both agreed it was the best Caesar salad they've ever had.The four of us did the best style of eating, what I call tag-team eating, where we order two different items and share, so we can try more dishes. Our party ordered two of each of the:-17 oz. Bone-In Rib Eye-Chilean Sea BassThe rib-eye was absolutely delicious. It wasn't just large. It was large, tender, well-seasoned, and well-grilled.The sea bass just melted like butter in your mouth. It was so good!The sides were good, too. The roasted seasonal vegetables were fresh and seasoned with rosemary. The garlic mashed potatoes were smooth and satisfying.My friends shared a dessert, the bittersweet chocolate lava cake with pistachio ice cream and mint sauce (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Fy4t2XHIRKwMk_ocCZze0Q?select=bzRDV05eD7MojFn3rnRsWQ). They loved it.Service was sporadic, but it seemed intended so that we could enjoy our experience, not just dine and dash.Overall, we had a great dinner experience, and I'd love to come back another time. The discounted GC from restaurant.com really helped with making this special meal more affordable, and because I love savings, I enjoyed this experience more because of it.
4	Similar to Maggie, the cheap bastard in me got me through the door of this place, a $75 off coupon. I rarely order lobster, but when its free I eat it. It was cooked right and so was my ribeye. The presentation on the plate was neat too, looked like something you could frame and put on the wall. The cheesecake was no good though, not sure what happened there.
4	I must say I usually never venture to any establishment east side of Las Vegas Blvd but I'm glad I'm adventurous this night because the 17 oz steak is BOMB! People are right, who cares about the sauce, the thick steak with a pinch of salt will do you fine. You will stuff yourself silly with the truffle parmesan fries here also. The red decor here screams W Hotel meet Texas de Brazil. I am especially surprise that this is not a gaming hotel; where do they make their money??? Some minor misses: The steak is sizzling hot but the plate is not. This usually leads to me not finishing my steak because it gets rather cold quickly. The medium here is more of a medium well so ask for medium rare if you want to see some juices in your Rib eye. I like my steakhouse poppin' but the customers here are sparse for a Friday Night. overall 4.25 stars / 5
2	Tried Envy based on the ratings that people left.  However, came out feeling disappointed.  First off, we started with the mozzarella caprese.  This was our favorite dish with heirloom tomatoes and their balsamic vinegarette.  Next up, the seafood tower for 2.  Came with 2 King crab legs, 4 tiger prawns, 4 raw oysters, and 4 raw clams.  The entrees were truly UNexceptional.  I ordered the Pan Fried Chilean Sea Bass with crab on top which came with a mushy slimy pile of "wild" mushrooms.  Slightly undercooked and much too greasy for the Sea Bass.  My partner ordered the Rib Eye medium rare.  The outside was charred while the inside was rare-red.  In addition, there was a pool of oil in the middle of the steak.  We sent it back to get a second grilling since it was not medium rare.  The second round came back the same.  Sides included a garlic mashed potato and seasonal vegetables.  The potatos were good while the vegetables were mushy, charred, and came with sprigs of rosemary mixed in.  I ended up having to pick out the rosemary branches like fish bones as they were poking my mouth and unedible.  We also ordered the creamed corn side, which was surprisingly fresh.All in all, not worth the price.  I'd say order the appetizers and sides, but stay away from the entrees.  In addition, service was pretty shoddy.  Our waiter kept disappearing.  I do however give props to the waiter's assistant.
3	didn't like their lunch menu.  shouldn't gotten the ceaser salad, was the worst I've had.
5	No need to travel to overcrowded Vegas venues if you are staying at this hotel, great food options right in the lobby.  Very sensual red colors with varying materials for a relaxed feel, small but original menu, great breakfasts with enough to fill you up, rich dishes.  Had some issues on 1/1/11 with getting the attention of anyone but everyone probably called in sick.   A little pricey but worth it for a special vacation meal; at at the bar outside too which I think is the same kitchen and this was cheaper and still great; smaller steak than expected but still filling.  Truffle Fries!
5	Went to Envy for the Sunday Brunch.  It was a pleasant surprise.  The selection was smaller due to it being in the steakhouse, but the quality was very good.  The price includes unlimited champagne, mimosas and for Bloody Mary fans, they have a nice make your own Bloody Mary bar.  It was very busy but the service was still good.  Much nicer on the inside than the outside looks.
5	ENVY is definitely one of the greats.  I was BLOWN away by the food here and I can't wait to come back.I was staying at the Renaissance for one of my Vegas getaways and having a great deal hunter for a boyfriend, our stay included a $50 gift certificate for ENVY.  We started off with the crab cake which included bourbon corn & a red pepper sauce.  THIS WAS AMAZING!!!! One of the best crab cakes I've ever had & the red pepper sauce was soo good.  I made sure to finish all that sauce.  I wanted to lick the plate clean.  It was such a tease... I wanted more!!!  I took this as a great sign of what was to come...and the prophecy held true.As our sides we had the garlic mashed potatoes, & ordered the truffle fries.  Both were AMAZING!!! They were delicious & I could eat these sides for the rest of my life...especially those fries!!!  The tower of fries was huge!!!  Honestly, you'll be glad you ordered these.  Our meal also included roasted veggies...this was forgettable to tell you the truth.. I didn't care for it & the only veggies that tasted good were the mushrooms. On to the steak!! I ordered the bone-in rib eye & my boyfriend had the T-bone steak.  I believe we both ordered them medium rare.  OMG OMG OMG...the steak here was amazing!!!! Did I mention they were huge?!?!  I'm a big eater so I finished my entire rib-eye, I don't think many women will be able to finish it unless they push their limits & don't order an app. Anyway, both were cooked to perfection & the jus on top just made each bite a party in your mouth.  My taste buds were going crazy!!!  They ask you if you want any of their signature sauces to be included...I got the wild mushroom.  This was not necessary.  The sauce did nothing, if not take away the great taste of the steak.  What they also included were dipping salts.  There were 3 different salts, 2 from Hawaii & then 1 from some other place. lol.  This was a great addition to the steak.  Just putting 1 or 2 grains of salt on your slice of steak really elevated the flavor.  I couldn't get enough.  I really enjoyed my rib-eye up until the last bite & my boyfriend felt the same. We didn't have any room for dessert.  Plus, I didn't want the taste of my rib-eye to go away.  I was actually really sad when I took my last bite because the whole experience took my breath away.   My boyfriend & I couldn't stop talking about that meal for the rest of the night.  You will NOT be disappointed by this place!! I hear they have coupons on restaurant.com so I would definitely take a look at that first because you come here.  And do yourself a favor, order the steak. Order what they do best & skip on the seafood. This has got to be one of the best meals I've had in awhile.  I got much love for ENVY!
5	This is one of the best buffets I've ever been to, in, near, around, or very far away from the Strip. The food, service, and entertainment were all excellent, but be sure to make reservations for brunch as they have a group of older regulars who will stay all day. My group of 6 enjoyed Envy from 11a to 2pm, with endless mimosas, bloody Mary bar, smoothie shots, crab legs, omelets, the best cheese blintzes of my life, fruit, salmon, etc. While the buffet itself was not particularly ginormous in the way of Las Vegas, there was plentiful, delicious food and great staff to help with any need you may have. I don't think I need to say more about the entertainment than that I've never seen an 80+ year old woman put a dollar down a pianist's pants before...
5	4 stars for the food and an extra star for great service!Staying at the renaissance hotel and craved steak but thought no way is the restaurant down stairs any good... well while my parents go to the grand cyn and leave me here alone, I say what the hey. Sooooooo goooodddddd!Despite today being a sunday morning, where they only serve the brunch menu until 5, I let the hostess know that I had to get the rib eye steak and she had the chef prepare it for me. Perfect, now I can relax knowing my steak was on its way  weeee but because they didn't have the garlic mashed potatoes, I could either choose a side of grilled veggies or truffle fries... uhm did you say truffle fries?? Subconsciously I thought to myself that I should get the veggies, but somehow out of my mouth yelped the words TRUFFLE FRIES! Why must I be so weak? Started off with soup, they had their usual tomato soup or artichoke brie soup. Although I do love cheese, I thought I should choose the healthier option and I am so glad I got the tomato soup! The waittress asked about 3 times if I was done with the soup but I just couldn't give up the bowl until I scraped up every spoonful. The main attraction arrived, and I basically ate the whole rib eye and literally had to pry the plate of truffle fries away from myself. The steak was tender and juicyy while the fries were honestly the BEST fries I've ever tasted. I'm sorry to say that I really don't know how to explain the greatness of the fries, it's like  buttery but nutty and just soo flavorful. Guess you'll have to try it for yourself to experience the joy of truffle fries here at Envy! The waittress asked me how the food was and I said amazing as to which she replied everything here is amazing! Kudos to you, now I really do wanna try everything on the menu!Super cute restaurant! They have live entertainment during the sunday brunch where he sings and plays the piano! He sings all the greatest classics and the waitresses are soooo cheery! Love love loveeeed this place, definitely going to come back here the next time i'm in vegas!! Can't wait to try the crab cakes!
2	Being in the restaurant business, I truly hate to have to give a poor review, and often I think of the owner and so I feel that if you can't say something good, say nothing.  However, our experience at Envy was so poor, in a city where choices abound, it's necessary to warn others that this is NOT a good representative choice in Las Vegas.  My husband had the lamb which was not cooked correctly - you know how it gets that weird odor when overcooked? - yup.  My steak was greasy-fatty, the mac&cheese side was greasy, salads plain and unremarkable.  It's kind of sad because we were treated to dinner by a vendor with the best intentions, but none of us had tried the restaurant and would not go back. I did have a creme brulee which was paired with an icewine, and that was quite good, but not good enough to save the meal.  I'm sorry, but one star is all this restaurant gets from us.
5	Had some Groupons here and took advantage on a recent Vegas trip.DinnerWe did a prix fixe meal. We enjoyed all the courses.Our waiter was amazing, he was playing host as well but still managed to be thorough, attentive and provided wonderful suggestions throughout the meal.BreakfastAlso, did the prix fixe breakfast. It's just the right amount of food even though their sampler has a lot going. Again, the waitstaff did not disappoint. You even get a shot of a smoothie.If I'm in Vegas and off Strip, I'd definitely go again. The staff treats you great and the food is amazing!
5	My girlfriend and I went to ENVY in August to celebrate our anniversary while in Las Vegas. We had found them on restaurant.com and figured they were worth a try. We were definitely in for a treat.The menu is solid: a good selection of steaks and other fare. Entrees are served with family-style portions of delightfully garlicy mashed potatoes and nicely flavorful roasted vegetables. The meal also came with a tray of specialty salts to try on our bread and our entrees - a really nice touch that brings the meal up a notch. When you order a steak, you're given a choice of one of their signature sauces. They range from traditional to more interesting options.The quality of our meal was excellent. The steaks were perfectly cooked, the sides were fantastic, and to top it all off, the waiter gave us each a complimentary glass of champagne to celebrate our occasion.I highly recommend heading off the strip to dine at this oft-forgotten restaurant. You won't be disappointed.
3	Overall, this was one of my favorite places to entertain business guests. The out of the way, off the strip, location is a relief. The steak and seafood is very good. My low rating is due to a fried cockroach that was mixed in with the pan seared broccoli. My guest screamed. Yes, we received a profuse apology. Yet it still happened I'm a high end restaurant. Complete turn off. Haven't been back.
5	OMG, this place is amazing!  I was very scared to learn that my mom had gotten Restaurant.com coupons to use in Vegas, but this restaurant, despite being a scary, long walk from the strip was fantastic.  I had read on Yelp! about the truffle fries. and decided to give them a try as an appetizer.  They were fantastic, and truthfully, way too much for an appetizer for 4 people.  My aunt ant sister split a seafood platter for 2, and there wasn't a word from either one of them while they ate their food.  The shrimp on the platter were the biggest I have ever seen!  They must have been delicious, because neither of them offered to share.  My mom had the lamb, I think it was a rack of lamb, but can't be sure.  She loved it as well.  I had the filet mignon, which I had ordered medium rare, and came out medium well.  It was my fault for not saying anything, but I ate it anyway, and actually enjoyed it.  I would say. that despite being over cooked, it was so tender, and beautifully seasoned.  All the entrees came with family style mashed potatoes, and seasonal vegetables.  The mashed potatoes were not rememberable, however the roast vegetables were fantastic and interesting.  Mini squashes and beets, amoung other things were deliciously roasted together.  We had a fantastic waiter, Josh, I think.  He was funny. and attentive and knowledgeable.  He served my steak with a really neat trio of salts.  I have no idea why, but they were interesting. and terribly fancy pants.  I can't wait to take another trip to Vegas, and dine here again. I would cab it from the strip, however, it's a long scary walk!
4	In a town of many, many quality steak joints, this place is still worth mentioning. It's no Carnevino or Cut, but the prices won't give you a heart attack, either. Their wine list was well priced and they had a nice lineup of seafood options for those that aren't into red meat. I made the "mistake" of getting the crab stuffed filet. Although it was decent, I can't say it really was a good chance to try to real quality of the meat. I'll assume the other steaks are better based on reactions from the diners at my table that didn't select the crab stuffed filet !  The special salts and sauces served with the steaks are pretty awesome. They include 3 different primo salts and a choice from a nice list of sauces (bernaise, peppercorn, etc). I like that these things are included. They also include a portion of veggies - a nice value add as well. Service was well... weird. We asked for a particular '05 wine and were brought the '06 and he was a little rude when we said we didnt' want the '06. It was a little annoying that he tried to pretend it was the year we asked for when it wasn't! Also, one of our diners was brought the completely wrong steak (ribeye instead of filet!). He ate it anyway, but they apologized quite a bit and gave us a discount. I'll come back for the real stuff next time (mb a filet or ribeye!), but my overall impression was good. For a top tier steakhouse at not-so-bad prices (especially with a restaurant.com coupon!), this place should be on your short list.
4	Went for Valentines Day.  Had to wait a while even with a reservation. They apologized and gave us free drinks.  I do agree that the bread and butter could use more flavor but other than that the rest was amazing.  We got the crab cakes as an appetizer.  Can i say YUM!  For the entree I had the lamb, which was good, but my boyfriends filet mignon was even better.  Those two entrees came with mashed potatoes and steamed veggies included.  On top of that we got the creamed corn and truffle fries.  This was a lot for the two of us.  We could have got away without truffle fries but we really wanted to try them. ;)
3	We decided to try this place when travelzoo offered a special prefix menu for $80. first the restaurant is a bit off the beaten path- if your staying on the strip it's a 10-15min. cab ride. When we first arrived the restaurant was maybe half full- the host told us it would be 10-15 minutes???? not sure why but no big deal. Our server was very friendly and efficient. We ordered a bottle of wine which was very reasonable. The food was good but not great. We started with a truffle soup which was a bit bland and too salty  then came the entree  I had a petite filet and my friend had the pork chop both were cooked the way we requested. The only dissapointment was the dessert- a creme brule that had a jellylike substance on the top-it had a weird feeling in the mouth. overall good but not memorable.
5	Holy Moly! Watch out Ruth's Chris!! This place has the FRIENDLIEST Staff, and the CLASSIEST ambience in town.  And you know what? None of that would even matter... I could have been sitting on a milk crate in an alley eating that steak off of a hobos backpack, and this place would still get five stars! Their food is DELICIOUS!! Their prices are decent (for vegas)  The wine list was surprisingly affordable.  Too bad I went with two dudes, because I could see this being quite the date night location.Its a little off the strip, which means it's kind of away from the madness, which is nice.  Anyway, enjoy!dRe'
2	Went here after all the great reviews.  I thought this place was mediocre compared to all the other steak places in Vegas food-wise.  The Venue is very nice and the server are very attentive.  I bought a travelzoo gift certificate and got a 3 course meal which included soup,  steak and desserts.  We also ordered some french fries and mac and cheese.  The soup was very good, rich and very tasty.  The steak I ordered was medium, but it came back cooked a little bit more than my friend liked.  We did let the manager know when he asked us if the food was good and he kind of joked that we ate the whole meal and then complained.  The appetizers were ok.  The french fries were massive and were a meal in itself.  The dessert was also average at best.  I think for ambiance the envy steak house is ok but for food people can do better in Vegas. .
4	Great service...had the Bone in Rib Eye...asked for medium rare....but when it came out is was more pink...so if you like medium rare...ask for rare...ehehhehh.... Good streak...but the bone was much thicker like 1.25 inch and the other side of steak was  like 3/4 inch..not very thick or evenly slices...so that changed the cooking time of the steak too.  The steak was a bit blan...but they give you a dish of salts...which can be sprinkled  on the steak before eating it.....make sure u use it.  The sea bass was the best....so buttery and crispy on the outside...melted in your mouth when chewing it, great taste while sitting in a nice display of yellow and green mushroom sauce..so nice and creamy.  There are coupons you can use that cost 40 bucks that will take 100 bucks off ur bill...so use it when you go here....great savings for great price for food.
5	Best dining experience in my life!  Chef's special were exquisite!  Very romantic and upscale.  If you want bold and unique flavors, your mouth will have orgasms at this restaurant.  Staff was super friendly. Perfect location for any celebration!
5	truffle fries are riDONKculous... end of review
2	I though it was overpriced, the steak was good, but not great. There are plenty of great steakhouses in Vegas that are better for half the price.
5	This place was absolutly awesome. Totally worth the cab over to the marriott if you are staying on the strip. When you first walk into the restaurant you will be greeted by an enourmous wall of wine encased in a sweet glass case. I had the ribeye which was recommended by the waiter and it was to die for! Only bad thing about my experience was i thought i ordered an $80 bottle of wine but instead it ended up being $250. It was my mistake but the waiter talked tot he manager and they agreed to split the difference which was fine with me. Overall great service great food, great atmosphere.
4	My friends and I went there based on the great Yelp reviews and Envy did not disappoint.  Our waiter, Joshua, was friendly and made a couple of really good suggestions (go for the chef sauce) our steaks, petite filets and a bone-in rib-eye, were great!  The chef(s?) that night were Mike and Nolan (hope the names are right) and they prepared the food as ordered.  The side dishes were all very good as were the desserts.  Though the restaurant isn't on the Strip, it's not that far from it.  It was very worth the trip!
5	coming to vegas to hang out me and my girlfriend decided to try this steakhouse it was behind the wynn so it wasn't too far.being the meat eater i am i yelped a few reviews and found out that the rib eye is a must. and it REALLY IS A MUST!!!! my girlfriend got the fish and she was pretty sad cause it wasn't that great. so for all of you meat eaters and non-meat eaters read the name of the restaurant! and order a rib eye because you will not be disappointed!! i will be back!
4	When our server "Josh" came over to our table to explain all the options on the menu he only made our dinner selection more difficult. The fire roasted shrimp sounded amazing and it was.  Presentation was exceptional and as Josh described it, "you really don't even know where to start taking the first bite". Like most of the other steakhouses in Vegas the entrees come with a price tag but quality and service are both exceptional. Ambiance could use a few steps up but overall this place has some great options on the menu and doubt you'll be disappointed here.
3	Ate here for dinner Sunday night with a group from work after we had all traveled in that day. Staying at the Renaisance and we were just too tired to go out. I had the petit filet mignon stuffed with crab meat.  A good steak, lots of flavor. Sides were garlic mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies. I asked to substitute a baked potato and was told that since the sides were "complimentary" they couldn't substitute. At $40 for the steak there was nothing complimentary about the sides. Most of our group ordered salads and various sides (instead of a standard entre)   The salads were enjoyed as were the mac and cheese, creamed corn, baked potato and mushrooms.Service was fine, attentive. Marked down to 3 stars for not allowing the substitution.
5	Thought we would try a different steakhouse and was pleasantly surprised.  The service was outstanding as we had Joshua as our waiter.  He was very knowledgeable of the menu and made several great recommendations.  We were celebrating our 10 year anniversary and given glasses of champaign and a card upon arrival.  There is no doubt Joshua loves working for ENVY and making sure his customers receive the best service.  The side dishes were very good and plentiful.  The steak was prepared exactly how I asked, but in comparison to other locations, I wish the steak was served hotter.  The steak was served room temperature..presentation should be as though the steak just got off the grill and served HOT.  Envy gets 5 stars because of their impeccable service as a team!
4	This is a 4.5 star review rounded down. We purchased a Restaurant.com coupon for $100 of the purchase of $200 for around $15 using a promo code. Figuring there was 3 of us i didn't think running up a $200 tab with drinks at a steakhouse would be difficult, and it wasn't.We started with a couple rounds of drinks and an order of calamari. They also brought us wonderful complimentary bread and kept the drinks coming. We all ordered the bone in rib eyes which were fantastic. They were $45 each, but came with wonderful mashed potatoes and roasted vegtables. Along with that we ordered another side of mac and cheese which was great as well. We were so ful we skipped dessert and after the $100 discount the bill came out to around $160 for the three of us including tip. For this price, the meal was outstanding. The steak was of equal or greater quality that Ruth Chris or other higher end joints in Vegas and so was ther service, so for the price with the coupon you can't beat this place.The only negative things about this place that it is a ways off the Stip. It is at least a 15 minute walk to Encore and about a 10 minute walk to the Las Vegas Hilton. Also, the place was dead around 7:15 on a Friday night. That didn't stop us from having a good time tho, but we did have to wait about 15 minutes after dinner for a cab.
5	If there is one bad thing to say about this place, I don't know what it is. My wife an I went there while in Vegas for my birthday. We had a coupon from Restaurant.com and didn't even think about  Mother's Day being a holiday. They accepted the coupon no problem- first kudo. The service was outstanding with our server being neither intrusive nor absent and always being right there when we wanted something- second kudo. We had 4 different cocktails between us, all  of them very tasty. The spicy seared Ahi appetizer was amazing. The tequila-lime shrimp were huge, delicious and came with an excellent risotto. The bone in ribeye was cooked to perfection (MR as requested) and very flavorful and I had it Oscar style (sauteed crab meat and asparagus on top minus the hollandaise sauce for me) and the crab was the best I have ever tasted. The garlic mashed potatoes that came with the entrees were awesome, and the roasted veggies were also very good.We had a caesar salad- romaine was very crisp and the dressing was tasty. For dessert we had cheesecake with berry compote (strawberries, rasberries and bluberries were all fresh) which was so good we ordered a piece to go and the molten lava cake which was just good, nothing special. My wife had an after dinner coffee which she enjoyed as well.So, Taste- third kudo. Quality of food- fourth kudo. Quantity of food- fifth kudo. Excellent food is going to be pricey. In Vegas it's even more pricey. But as hard as we tried, we still only brought the bill up to $199 (try doing that at Ruth's Chris or any other quality steakhouse in LV). Our coupon was $100 off with a purchase of $200 and while we didn't quite get there, the manager gave us our full discount without even a question. We will definitely be back- even without a coupon!
4	The flatbread pizzas were very excellent.  I got breakfast from this restaurant for room service a few times, and they were good.  The steaks were so-so, but the eggs were cooked well and the bagels were decent considering they weren't fresh baked (like from a bagel joint).
4	Last Thursday while attending a conference six of us had the pleasure of dining at Envy's. We were seated promptly and Joshua spent time with us discussing the various offerings. Three of us had the rib eye and the other three had seafood. All dishes were excellent and the drinks were great. We all will return on our next visit.
4	We just got back from a weekend of shows and slots in Vegas and this was one of the winners for the weekend. Similar to Phil C. we had three in our party and a $200 gift certificate from restaurant.com.  This place is a steal with the coupon....but besides that, it's absolutely worth the cab for it's location behind the strip.  Yelper tips on the truffle fries are spot on.  The portion is huge and even if you don't factor in the truffle oil, the fries are seasoned perfectly and topped with parmesan cheese.  We had trouble finishing our main course due to trying to restrain ourselves from eating all the fries and the delicious warm bread selection.  We had a NY strip, filet mignon and sea bass.  All three were exceptional.  The service was great and the wine list is reasonable.  Although I would have liked a sauvignon blanc choice from New Zealand.  The sides are also tasty.  This is better than Ruth Chris. You won't be disappointed.
3	I had a dinner for 2 award certificate and decided to use it at this restaurant. This was definitely a high-class restaurant and you end up paying for it. All the appetizers cost $16 and the steaks cost $45. We ordered the gnocchi and calamari for the appetizers. The portions were generous and the gnocchi was delicious. We were almost full after the appetizers. We ordered the rib eye and it was disappointing. Both rib eyes seemed burnt on the outside and I could taste the burntness. It was cooked medium in the inside, but it tasted bland. For a $45 steak, I expected more. I ordered the creme brele for desert and it was only OK. The caramelized sugar was over flamed and it too had a burnt flavor. The one good thing was the waiter was extremely nice and professional. However, this restaurant was too expensive and not worth the value. If it wasn't for the award certificate, I would not have eaten here.
3	Coming to Envy was a simple choice -- it was located in the hotel that I was staying in on a business trip. I was looking forward to it after my boss, who is a foodie too, told me to try it. But anytime a restaurant has a coupon on Restaurant.com, I start to worry about the quality of their food. Nevertheless, because of convenience, my coworker and I went there for dinner one night. I had made a reservation through OpenTable but he beat me to the punch and called it in from his room. They greeted us by name and promptly sat us in a booth. The restaurant decor was nice and modern. We both had the warm spinach salad with goat cheese, pancetta, with a balsamic vinaigrette. It was delicious and started the meal off right. I had the bone-in filet which was pretty good but not the best I've had. Albeit, the price is $15-20 less than what you'd be paying on the strip and the entree came with complimentary sides (mashed potatoes and vegetables that weren't very good). My coworker ordered the burger of the month - Delicious Ode to Surf and Turf - 'Best of Both Worlds Burger' which had filet mignon and medallions of lobster tail. It was accompanied by the truffle-reggiano fries that I was also looking forward to. Too bad it just tasted like oil. The burger sounded too good on paper to be true. The toppings didn't fit, it was hard to eat and apparently did not sit well with him over night. Overall, it was a good experience for me. Great service, nice ambiance, decent food for the price (after the coupon) but I probably won't be back.
4	This place was great a bit pricey but you could definitely share a steak. the asparagus was great and they gave different sauces for your steak. The best one though is their house sauce. Great special of the day appetizer, risotto balls. You can get a restaurant.com certificate for the place and that makes it a great deal. The service was excellent.
1	We were in Las Vegas for our anniversary for 5 days; 4 days at the Wynn Encore and 1 at the Renaissance Las Vegas Hotel where ENVY is located our last day. We both love steak, so we thought that ENVY would be a perfect restaurant to conclude our stay in Vegas. Unfortunately, ENVY did not live up to its ratings. Our waiter approached our table with a friendly manner, however, when I asked if they had a nice Malbec wine, he just thrust the "wine by the glass" menu towards me. Unfortunately, no Malbec, but this was no problem because they had a nice Merlot from the California central coast that I hadn't tried and was very good. The "special" for the evening  was a "20 oz porterhouse steak with seasonal vegetables". Since my husband and I usually split a porterhouse (the filet for me, the surloin to my hubby), we ordered it. The waiter became a bit huffy when we didn't order an appeizer or salad, but a big steak and veggies would ordinarily be enough for the two of us. The waiter haughtl  manner lectured us on how the chef would not cut the steak and serve it on two plates; well, I hope not because all the wonderful juices will spill out. I asked for two plates. While the dinner was being prepared, the waiter came to our table with a bread basket; but went on and on about the special chocolate and nut bread that was included. The bread offered was not anything special except perhaps for the tinny sprig of fresh rosemary in the butter, a nice touch. The waiter returned with 3 types of salt and went on about how special they were; I'm not a big salt user, but my husband seemed to be impressed with the one that had a smoke flavor.When our dinner arrived at our table, we were, to say the least, disappointed by the size of the steak. At most, it was maybe 14 oz; perhaps it was 20 oz before they trimmed it (it was a 28-day aged steak), but it wasn't as presented to us before we ordered. The veggies were good: not strong garlic mashed potatoes and a medley of potato, beet, and carrots, but all total about 1 cup of veggies. I did like the consistent rosemary herb flavor throughout the meal, but the portion size (although it was enough for a light meal) was not as presented before ordering.We didn't order desert. Our waiter didn't even acknowledge us as we paid the bill and walked out although the other assistant servers were really nice as was the hostess.I would not recommend this restaurant. It is overpriced and overly pretentious. Our bill was well over $100 for one meal and two drinks; our very nice hotel room and excellent service at the Renneisance was less than the meal. We left a 20% gratuity that hopefully went to people other than the snooty waiter. It was not the highlight of our anniversay stay in Las Vegas.
5	Woooooo!!!! Mr. Smidgens loves to win big in Vegas but to do this he needs to have a meal that is as unique as he is. I looked over the menu and there it was! The "Best of Both Worlds Burger". I will give you the breakdown to understand its mouth watering epicness! A petite dry-aged filet Mignon medallions of fresh Maine lobster tail Envy's foie gras butter - It's like butter but better! truffle herb aioli grilled heirloom tomato fontina cheese crisp tobacco onions -YUMMY!!! ciabiatta bread bun W/ a side of their signature Truffle Reggiano fries - Sweet baby Jesus! This was the best $40 burger I have ever had! I washed it all down with a Hendrick's gin and tonic of course. Try this place. Why, you ask? Because Mr. Smidgens won big after this meal. That's why.
4	I ate a brunch at Envy this past Sunday. This is an easy review.Cons. Hostess! Ignored us! Late seating us! Rude!Pros. Service once seated, omelette chef, drinks, food quality, and entertainment!I almost rated this a 3 because of rude hostess.
3	Dark handsome atmosphere. The petite filet was good. The bone in ribeye was cut too thin and was rather bland. The accompanying vegetables were only average. My martini was only average. The wine list is typical distributor's list, full of over priced wines, but a few decent bottles if you hunt. Service is fine.
5	Awesome awesome experience.  Food awesome & service double awsome!  Our waiter (Joshua) did a great job informing us on everything & anything. :)  He was very friendly and I would love to have him as our waiter again when we go back.  and make sure to check out restaurant.com G.C. before you decide to go. it helps. :)
4	So we got a restaurant.com coupon and decided to use it at this place. We calculated that with for the price of an entree per person (there was 4 of us), we'd get 3 sides and 2 desserts extra. It was too good of a deal to pass up.The three sides we ordered were the truffled french fries, mac and cheese and wild mushrooms. The french fries were quite addicting and we couldn't get enough of it. On top of that, it was HUGE, the 4 of us couldn't finish it (with our meals of course). The mac and cheese was done the way I like it. Crispy on the outside, and not too wet on the inside. The mushrooms went well with our meal, but didn't exactly wow us.We ordered the Sea Bass and Rib eye and NY strip. We weren't big fans of the meat. It wasn't as juicy or tender as we thought it'd be. Honestly, Ruth Cris would have tasted better. Maybe they were having an off night.The Sea bass was delicious though. Cooked to perfection, I think all the guys wished they ordered the sea bass instead of the meat after tasting it. It was definitely cooked well.We ordered the Bittersweet Chocolate Lava Cake and Grand Marnier Panna Cotta for dessert. Both were delicious but the lava cake got absolutely destroyed first. The service was great. Our server, Josh, treated us like royalty. The best part was at the end of the meal, we hadn't printed out our restaurant.com coupon. He walked us out to the hotel lobby and got front desk to let us use their printer in order to print out the coupon. Kudos for them!
2	We had a restaurant.com coupon and went during lunch. Good thing we had the coupon because I would have been majorly PO'd. As it was it wasn't worth what we did pay either. Steaks were nothing special, tough for the cut and cooking and not well seasoned. Online menu showed no lunch menu and had the ribeye for $45 but we were informed it was really $52 after we ordered and received all our appetizers (and ya, it would have mattered ). Maybe it was because we came during lunch? Different day chefs? Maybe because we had the coupon? It shouldn't matter as consistency is important in a quality establishment.  We use the coupons to explore and find favorite new places without feeling we've wasted too much in the process if we come across duds. Due to our experience today, neither of us have any interest in going back and we visit Vegas a lot ( total bill wasn't cheap either at just under $200).
4	This is for the brunch at Envy...They have a nice Sunday jazz brunch, with a great breakfast buffet.  The classics are there like bacon, sausage, eggs benedict, and create your own omelet, but they also have fancy cheeses, fruits fresh sliced meats, and all you can drink wine or bloody mary's.  I believe you can also order off the menu, but we enjoyed the buffet.  Great meal, with some nice music in the background = perfect morning!  Their dinner is nice also, but I'll save that for another review.
4	I've eaten a couple of times here now for business dinners and with friends when I had a Restaurant.com gift certificate. It's no celebrity chef steakhouse on the Strip, but it's a nice place.The space itself is small and nicely appointed. Nothing unique or standout about it, but it is a nice ambiance. And the service has always been great.What I love best here is the filet mignon and truffle mac 'n' cheese. It's cheaper than the Strip places, but in a lot of ways just as good.So if you are hunting for an alternative to a Strip steakhouse, this is a great place to go.
5	We had a great experience at Envoy last week celebrating our anniversary. We ordered the seafood tower which was amazing and the "best of both worlds burgers" were out of this world. The wine was a great selection for both courses with a Chilean  Apaltagua un-oaked Chardonnay for the seafood and 2007 Chateau Montelena  cab for the  the filet and lobster.  The food was cook to perfection and our daughter loved her macaroni and cheese. The general manager Ryan and our knowledge attentive waiter Deontae surprised us with a very nice card and warm chocolate cake dessert. The service was excellent. We will back to try the brunch in August.
4	My mom and I dined here for a late mother's day meal in 2010 (read: I was too busy traveling to other places - without her - and she made it pretty clear I was to make it up to her). We placed the menus aside and let the waiter walk us through a pretty amazing meal. They were offering tasting plates and other specials and we couldn't make a decision... So we opted for everything on the left side and ran with it. The waitstaff (we had a team taking care of us) was amazing and on top of their game. Never did we have to ask for a refill, an extra ______, or more of ________. Everything we needed (and some things we didn't know we needed) appeared without effort or request. It was a little scary, that kind of proactive attention... and it very much spoiled us. We tasted petite filet, short ribs, stuffed pork chop, lamb, and the beef cheeks. The beef cheeks... the beef.... oh, sorry. I'm back. I was daydreaming. A-may-zing dish. Even with tasting portions we sent quite a bit of food home with Mom. I hear my nephew inhaled the remainder of the beef cheeks and generally drove his parents nutty over procuring more... as quickly as possible.The vegetable sides (broccolini, asparagus, and carrots) were crisp and fresh and the perfect contrasting accompaniment to the various meat dishes. The sauteed mushrooms were beautifully prepared and sauced just right. Mom also tried a truffled potato which she liked very much. The truffle wasn't lost as it sometimes is in truffle-decorated dishes, and it gave the dish a nice flavor. The salads were underwhelming, pedestrian. Considering the level at which everything else was executed, we were a bit disappointed. To be fair, they weren't bad... just not at the level of everything else.The wine options are broad and the staff was spot on for most of their suggestions (there were a couple that fell flat, but I think that may be related more to personal preferences versus the wine itself).We opted not to go for dessert this time around as we were taking so much food home already. Speaking of... as they packaged up our meal for transport, the staff was courteous enough to provide sauces to go with the various dishes, some of their seasoned and smoked salts, and other items, along with verbal instructions to make the reheated meal not just another plate in the oven or microwave.I may not have popped in here if not for a Restaurant.com certificate. It's a bit off the beaten path, and there are so many amazing steakhouses in town... it wasn't on my to-do list and no one I knew had been here. That said, I am glad I did. The meal was very well orchestrated, the staff was knowledgeable, and the food - the most important part - was delicious.Because of that experience, I have been in here a few times since then. Nothing quite to the level of what we had that night, but pretty great nonetheless. From a small, intimate dinner to a larger group, the staff and food never disappoint. The attitude is always "under promise and over deliver," and that they do. Very well.
5	This place was quite a nice surprise. It was inside the hotel we were staying at and it is off the strip. We had lunch and breakfast here and the steak is a must have!  very tender and full of flavor and cooked perfectly!as for value and quality it rivals other strip steak houses that cost double. i would go back to envy for sure even if i wasn't staying at the hotel. (fyi: the hotel is the Renaissance hotel)
5	Got invited here for lunch while attending SEMA show across at the convention center.  This place is awesome. Had the shrimp flatbread essentially a pizza rectangle shape. Best Ive ever had... Memorable and will go back next time in vegas!
5	Really enjoyed the food at ENVY.  The ambiance was okay given the location...I didn't expect much from the Renaissance hotel.  Our hostess and server were a little annoying because my party had to wait quite awhile even though the place had plenty of room and the waiter kept pressuring us to eat and drink more since we had a minimum order required to use our Restaurant.com certificate: Crab cakesSeared Ahi tunaBLT wedgeTruffle fries3 cheese mac and cheeseGrilled asparagus with hollondaisePetite filet mignon with foie gras butterBone-in ribeye AND a few glasses of vino to boot upon the waiter's insistence.  Everything was stupendous aside from the crab cakes, not that they were bad.  The crab cakes were just not as mind-blowingly good as the rest of the dinner.
5	This place never disappoints.  Professional & friendly staff with a chef getting some work done in the back.  I love this place.  The only thing they can do to make it better is add 24oz bone in rib eye.  Thanks for the good times Envy.
4	I've been here twice for lunch, both times on Saturday and both times almost empty.  The first time was last year and I had a prime filet which was delicious and I loved this place.  I dined again mid-June 2011 and was disappointed.  They no longer offered the filet on the menu, only "steak" options was a New York steak sandwich.  I was not impressed by this sandwich, it was tough.  I upgraded to truffle fries which are truffled reggiano'ed heaven!  I would go here and just eat these.  I guess you have to go at dinner time to get a good steak at ENVY now days.  The service is great--polite and attentive.
5	I eat here quite frequently as the Renaissance is favorite for my top execs.  The ambiance is perfect for that deal closer dinner or even a power lunch, I've done both, and the service has been great.  The filet Minion is to die for, I have it med/rare and its cooked perfect.  The wine selection is extensive, and best of all the staff remember your name.  A+++
4	Very friendly staff. Food was good. My husband had the t-bone, asked for medium but he received it medium-rare but he powered through it. Came w/ a side of garlic mash & grilled veggies. Didn't care for the veggies but the mashed potatoes were delectable. I had the caesar salad & a side of asparagus. Both were delicious. Not big wine drinkers but if u are they offer up an extensive list. I enjoyed there bread basket just wish it arrived earlier than w/ our meal. Our server, Joshua was nice, a little too chatty for me but better than being snotty. The service was excellent and food was really great overall. I wish they offered more chicken entrees though, the one they did have included every vegetable I hate.
4	Terrific food, ambiance, & service!Our company had a meeting here. One dinner was catered (for 100+ people) and the crew did a great job. Food was hot, fresh, and tasty.The next night (an open night on our schedule) six of us went to ENVY for dinner.Service was fantastic. Food was excellent. Could not have gone better.It's worth going here for a meal even if you're not lodging at the on-site Renaissance hotel.
4	We went to the Sunday brunch there & while it is a bit pricey, everything was really good.  We especially loved the make your own bloody Mary station.
4	I was staying at the Venetian during my stay in Vegas and I googled map this place. It said it was only about a mile away off the strip so my boyfriend and I decided to walk it. We had the Travelzoo deal which was awesome!!"Rated "excellent" (25) by Zagat for its food, ENVY The Steakhouse dishes out "simply delicious" steaks well worth the time of Vegas locals, says Las Vegas Weekly"We began the night with two seasonal soups. I had the chilled asparagus which was a cold soup and it was DELICiOUS!! I was surprised how good cold soup could be haha. My boyfriend had the tomato soup - it was decent. Continued with an appetizers- black pepper calamari and rock shrimp with ginger-mirin aioliFor our entree my boyfriend had steak and I had the portabello mushroom cake. We then ordered the bittersweet chocolate lava cake with vanilla ice cream for desert. It was a bit too rich for me but it was good - we didn't finish it though because it got a little overwhelming.Service was awesome. The GM came out to say high to us, and our waiter was cheerful and observant. Our drinks were refilled before it hit the middle mark.
5	Wife and I had dinner on our anniversary. They did a great job both with food and making our night special. Todd our server was great.We highly recommend this fine restaurant.
5	We came here for the special Travelzoo menu. The food was amazing and the waitstaff exceptional. The baked tomato appetizer was among the best things I've ever eaten. The steak was perfectly cooked and very tender. We're not big wine drinkers but they seemed to have a very thorough wine list covering a wide price range. This place really should be way busier than it was. On the other hand, it's nice knowing we won't have to fight a crowd next time we're in Vegas and want to come here.
5	Try the "Lady Fafa" martini..yuuuummmyy!!  Okay it's taken me sooo long to write this review..but let me tell you.  We had a great opportunity to sample most things on the menu, including the lamb, the ribeye, the sea bass with the truffle butter and almost all the sides.  Very good..EXCELLENT service..the sous chef came out to greet us and tell us about our dinner.  He was very kind and generously spent time with us.  We love our night out at Envy.  Perfect for a romantic night or a fancy business dinner.
3	Ate here last monday for lunch- 6 top no reservations. Seated quickly and the service was excellent. The decor is upscale. The food however good was just good. I had the NY steak sandwich and the truffle fries. The quality did not match the price.The fries...frites were good but paled compared to the food cart Lardo in PDX (the Bomb!) and many others I have had for much less moola. The steak sandwich was good although the first bite was gristle which I had to remove from my mouth. The ciabatta was unlike any other I have had..super thin and did not hold up. The garlic aoili was housemade and outstanding (and I hate 99% of mayo stuff).Really just OK.
2	Wow. Where do I even begin?I went to Envy with a co-worker and some of his friends. We got there a little late but our table was waiting for us mainly because there was a whopping 4 tables sat in the entire dining room at nearly 8pm.The service was incredibly slow, to the point where how long it would take between courses or until we even saw our server again were the running jokes throughout the meal. We waited for EVERYTHING which is astonishing considering there was no business in the venue.The food was typical steakhouse with zero flare and creativity. My ribeye was one of the thinnest cut ribeyes I have ever seen, I will say it was cooked a perfect MR which is nice to see. The side I had ordered, Mac n cheese, wasnt even brought to the table (somehow managed to get Wild Mushrooms instead).Overall.....the company around me was excellent, the decor was nice, but the restaurant itself was on the bottom end of what Las Vegas has to offer.
5	My friend and I came out to Vegas for a girls weekend. I had a restaurant.com gift card and this restaurant had some of the best yelp ratings for the restaurant.com options. We were very pleased with the staff and food. My friend has a gluten allergy and the wait-staff was very accommodating and helpful in their options. They were also great about allowing us to split a salad and entree. They even split it before bringing it out to us. The New York strip we split was absolutely amazing. It was thick and flavorful. They give you a side of 3-types of seasoned sea salts. The Australian smoked sea salt on the steak was delicious and perfectly complimented the steak. The side order or mashed potatoes and grilled vegetables were awesome. Next time I am in Vegas I will be sure to stop here again!
5	Artichoke Brie soup sounds weird but this was food to "walk a mile for". Filet could be cut with a fork and service exceptional. Seriously expensive but IMHO worth it occasionally.
4	Six of us enjoyed a delicious dinner at Envy.   Chilled asparagus soup with creme fraiche was a surprise hit.  Three of us had fish and three of us had steak.  They definitely know how to cook a steak medium rare.  I craved the chocolate walnut bread but they were out so serving a different bread but as soon as they learned how disappointed I was they returned with the last few slices for me.  i was so thrilled.  It's that type of service that makes the difference when there are so many restaurants to choose from on the strip.  Also, don't miss out on the parmesan truffle fries.Joshua was our server on our first visit so I asked for him this time as well.  He didn't disappoint - my friends felt he made the dining experience enjoyable and agreed the service was impeccable.
2	staying here at the renaissance, so we decided to have the brunch here at ENVY...being an platinum elite member, i've been around a lot of different marriott properties, and have eaten at a lot of their on-campus restaurants. this is average at best, and service was it's down fall.i had the buffet, the food as above average, aside from the lamb from the carving station was very tough, and served without mint jelly. the oysters were watery, the crab legs was salty. but the eggs benedict was surprisingly well done for a buffet and the omelet station had a wide range of ingredients and was very fast and efficient, which is rare for a sunday at 11am. my girlfriend (who is running the rock n roll marathon this afternoon), decided not to the buffet, and ordered the grilled cheese sandwich with roasted tomato soup instead. the soup was a little cup of earthy goodness, while the grilled cheese was uninspiring. the bread was average, the cheeses was bland, and not completely melted through. it was bland. she only ate half of it...the service was slow and inattentive. after we sat down, and notifying the server that my girlfriend didn't want the brunch, would rather order from the menu, i was already to the buffet once and back before he came back to take the order. water was not refilled regularly, my mimosa was not refilled at all. we had to ask the floor manager for the check because our server was no where to be found... the unavailable service was not limited to our server, the busing of the used plates was slow (and mind you, it was a brunch buffet), and there was a period of time no one was manning the carving station, instead he was back and forth bringing food out from the kitchen.all in all? not an envious dining experience. especially for a renaissance (a supposedly boutique brand of the marriott brand).... so if you are reading this, i envy you for not have yet eaten at this place. go else where and thank me later.
4	A place to have a cocktail and a great dinner. The chef and staff will go out of there way to make sure your dinning experience is one of the best.
4	I had the Envy Signature Burger, a half pound of Angus brilliance.  Per my request, the burger was cooked medium well.  I detected a bit of pepper seasoning on the meat and the white cheddar cheese set the ensemble nicely.  The burger was accompanied by the standard lettuce, tomato and some vegetables I couldn't identify, but lacking a rabbit to feed this detritus to, I left it to the side where it belonged.  The shoestring fries were well-spiced and plentiful.  An excellent side order to a fine burger.  In addition, the Renaissance was generous enough to provide me with a $25 dining credit, so my meal was free.  Comped food always tastes better than paid food.
4	There were 5 of us and we arrived on time and were directed to our table  right away.  We had the seafood tower which was very good, just enough for us to have a little.  I had the bone in rib eye, which was done to perfection.  My cohorts all liked their meals.  We also shared 3 side dishes, which were great.  We brought our own wine and the $25 corkage was okay for our over $100 bottles of wine, which many places won't even allow.
5	If I could give this place 10 out of 5 stars I would.  Our dining experience last night could possibly be the most amazing one I've ever had.  My husband, Scott, came here with his brothers, dad and uncle back in March and they absolutely raved about it any chance they got.  So when we were planning this trip to Vegas, I was beyond excited to come out and try it.  It most definitely did not disappoint! Here's my breakdown of our dinner last night.Location: It's not on the strip and I consider that a good thing.  It's not overly crowded like other steak restaurants in Vegas and it's just a short cab ride away to get there.  Bar: We sat down for drinks before we got there waiting for my sister-in-law, Krystle, to arrive from the airport.  Scott and his brother got a couple of standard martinis, but I decided to try something different called the Blue Berrymore, cute name right? It had a great flavor and even had three floating blueberries to top off the drink.  I would have had two but I didn't want to spoil my dinner.Service: AMAZING!  Our server was Josh, who was apparently the same guy who served my husband and crew back in March and he even remembered Scott when we sat down.  I guess in March, Josh had convinced him to get the bone-in filet and it was one of the best steaks he ever had.  Josh was friendly but not intrusive and shared some great advice on what wine to have with dinner (Frank Family Cab from Napa, which we will now visit b/c of Josh's recommendation).  Then at the end of the night, he surprised us with a visit from Chef Mike who came out and chatted with us for a while.  That was a first for us so it was a very cool experience.  Food: I can't even think of a real word to describe the food I ate but I'll go with scrumtrulescent.  Brian, my brother-in-law, got the standard filet mignon and he basically inhaled the entire thing and barely had enough room for the sides he ordered.  Scott got the bone-in ribeye with the spicy chipotle Gorgonzola sauce and he loved it.  Krystle and I  both got the petite filet from the specialties list which came with a Foie Gras butter and fingerling potatoes and a side of Bearnaise sauce.  The steak was cooked to perfection and melted in your mouth when you ate it.  The butter added some flavor but it also had some crispy onions on top which I loved.  But the star of the show was the delicious potatoes and I have no idea what it was cooked it but I never wanted to stop eating them.   I'm a "save the best for last" type of eater so I left myself a piece of steak and a couple of potatoes to indulge in after I finished everything else.  Oh right, there were other things on the table.  We had the asparagus with hollandaise, which was great, and even Krystle, who is not a fan of hollandaise sauce enjoyed them.  And we also had the bourbon creamed corn that Josh recommended and they were also delicious. As stuffed as we were, Josh and Chef Mike had a surprise dessert for us and brought out their chocolate cake with ice cream and creme brulee.  Both desserts were phenomenal, but the chocolate cake was to die for.  Scott and Brian never eat dessert but they both loved that cake.  It was such a treat to have them send out those desserts complimentary for us.  A perfect ending for an amazing dinner.Price:  The steaks are priced standard like most other restaurants, but we had a restaurant.com coupon and it saved us $100.  When you use those coupons it automatically charges 18% gratuity, which Josh informed us about, though we already knew.  It was nice, though, that he was honest with us.  We did give him more b/c of the amazing service and the meal.  All in all, the price was totally worth the meal.If you've made it to this part of the review, thanks for sticking with it b/c I know I was detailed about it.  But since it was the best meal I've ever had, I had to make sure to document it fully.  This was an experience I will remember throughout my life!
5	After having a reservation at Ruths Chris go bad on us, THEY CLOSED without notice, we came upon Envy a few blocks away. An incredible experience. The food was excellent, steaks just you like them. The waiter, busboy, and other personnel, were courteous, helpful, and extremely personable. The Asian touch on some of the dinner/dessert choices was superb and unexpected. I would recommend this restaurant anytime when you are in Las Vegas, which has its fair share of steakhouses, but this one took the prize.
5	Couldnt have been better from service to quality of the food. Had crab cakes , Caesar salad and bone in rib eye. Best crab cakes, and Caesar I have ever had   The steak was very good just the cut was a little thin which makes it hard to get very rare and charred but very good. I have been to Delmonicos ,cut,Vic and Anthony's del frisco ,micheals at south point Morton's, nine, and others in Vegas this is one of the best by far
4	First please know that this place is only a steakhouse for dinner. There is no steak available during lunch time. We went during CES week, so waiting times were 1hr plus, however, I must say that the host was kind enough to give us a table when we returned 20 minutes later than our assigned seating time. I tried the roasted tomato soup, which was ok, and then had the Seared Tuna Salad, which was great.In a town with SO MANY dining options, this is definitely one worth checking out.
4	I last reviewed this restaurant in 2008 which was the last time I had gone. You can find the review here: http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g45963-d618650-r21378558-Envy_Steakhouse_and_Lounge_at_the_Renaissance-Las_Vegas_Nevada.htmlAs you can tell by my previous review, I fell in love with Envy then, and still love this restaurant enough to "like" them on their Facebook fan site. That said, our experience was one not to forget. The restaurant knew of our anniversary and the staff did an outstanding job to help us celebrate including a card personally delivered by who I assume is one of the heads of the restaurant that included a personal note. Their service is still impeccable. We used a restaurant.com certificate and ate like royalty. Everything is al a carte. The sides are huge enough to share and still just as fantastic as we remembered. I was a little disappointed yet strangely happy they still had the same menu for the most part. I didn't notice much difference from the menu in 2008 to 2011. In a sense I wanted to try something new, but I was happy to revisit the food I had years ago as delicious as it was. If it ain't broke don't fix it? Unfortunately, my steak was WAY overcooked for ordering medium well. Like WAY overcooked. Disappointing kitchen faux paux but I suppose things happen. I guess they didn't want to waste any more than I did. The waiter even noticed just by looking at the steak and ordered another one, but didn't come until we were completely finished with the meal so they bagged it up to go for us. Unfortunately we stayed out all night without going back to our room to put it in a fridge and didn't get a chance to keep it refrigerated :( and it got thrown away. Vegas.... Perhaps that is something that SHOULD have stayed in Vegas but oh well, just being honest I guess. But I do appreciate the effort! All in all, still the #1 splurge spot for when we visit and as you can tell by their stellar reviews, this is not a place to overlook when you're there.
1	The only good thing about this place is that it is not expensive.  But considering 2 of the guests in our party got sick from the sea bass, price does not factor in anyway.  If you like a half head of iceberg lettuce wedge on a plate for your salad, then this is the place for you.  Other guests said that the supposed prime rib eye steak was not "prime" grade, but more like "choice".  We informed the kitchen about our time frame because we were attending a show right after dinner & either the waitstaff or kitchen couldn't abide by the time restraints so we all couldn't eat dessert.  I'm guessing that dessert wouldn't have been anything to rave about either.  Don't bother making the trip for this one.
5	Envy is one of my favorite spots to eat at in Vegas. This place has the best truffle fries ever. It's off the strip but worth taking a cab to the Renaissance hotel to eat there. Ordering truffle fries and corn is a must every time I'm there. I've eaten here about 3 times and each time the service and food was amazing.
5	Out at Consumer Electronics Show two weeks ago. I made reservations here for 3 days and Envy was great. great lunch and great staff gave my team a great break from the chaos of the show. The burger is pretty good.
3	During a weekend trip to Vegas, some friends and I decided that the "Hey, how often are you in Vegas?" mentality, which is, as you can maybe imagine, unbelievably dangerous. The result? ENVY Steakhouse.Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?While by Vegas standards this may be standard (comparable to some of the restaurants in the popular hotels), ENVY is without a doubt very, very nice. The atmosphere is elegant, and our server was absolutely brilliant. Not only did he know everything about the menu, but he was brilliantly helpful pointing us in the direction of the evening's festivities. To top it all off, our orders were all perfect (party of six) and service was prompt. Star Granted.Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?This is always tricky with nicer restaurants since you're obviously paying for the experience, but even taking that into consideration, I can't quite justify the $36 that I paid for ENVY's Shellfish Stew:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=vIZ9bM2Z2MSTY0U4ZGDbNQ&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHgWhen it comes down to it, I'm looking at about six shrimp, half of a potato, five clams and at most two crab legs. $36? Sorry. No Star Granted.Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?While lacking in the portion department, the quality of ENVY's food really is quite good. My Shellfish Stew was tasty, and the filet mignon that one of my friends got was nothing short of one of the best cuts of meat I've ever had. Dual Stars Granted.Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?Even if I were made of money, ENVY's somewhat limited menu, high prices and proximity from the Strip are enough to keep it from being a repeat evening out. No Star Granted.
4	TRUFFLE FRIES!!!Yes I have been on a binge for truffle fries, I blame the Four Seasons in Las Vegas for introducing me to them, now if I see them on a menu, I have to order them!The truffle fries here were GOOD! and worth the $9. Spice-Seared Ahi Tuna with the Sesame-Seaweed Salad, Pacific Rim Sauce - $16 - pricy for what you get but never the less tasty!I had the Warm Spinach salad with Goat Cheese Croquette, Pancetta, Warm Bacon-Balsamic Vinaigrette - 4.5 stars!Ambience is nice and service is pretty good too.
5	Dear Envy,I dream of your filet mignon daily.  And the truffle fries.  If I ever had to choose a last meal, that would be it.Go here, folks.  You won't be disappointed.  Granted, it's off the strip away from the glitz and glamour of the strip and some of the other steak eateries in Vegas, but it's well worth the trip (and there's never a wait for dinner).  This place has the *best* steaks, and they always come perfectly cooked and prepared.  And don't you dare walk out without trying the truffle fries-- they are worth every calorie.
4	Heard good things about this place for a while, and finally tried it out the other day.  I'm not sure what took me so long, but every part of the dinner experience was on point.  The food, service, and atmosphere were all excellent.  I really enjoyed the 17oz bone-in ribeye (it comes with a choice of sauce on the side as well as an assortments of flavored salts, none of which are necessary as the steak stands on its own just fine).The truffle fries are easily large enough to share and worth every penny.  The Seared Ahi Tuna appetizer was better than expected for a steakhouse, and if anything missed, it was our dessert, the Asian Apple Pie, which was a bit awkward to eat and didn't wow me at all.  I think I would try the Cheesecake next time.Overall, I would definitely return for a nice dinner here or even just drinks in the bar.
4	Awesome Steak(14 oz filet,bone in)  fantastic atmosphere. Wish this was my dinning room.
3	Caesar and sea bass and lava cake were just average but the GM Ryan took care of us.
4	Had a nice experience taking a customer here for lunch.  Service was good and the each one of us enjoyed what we ordered.  Comfortable seating with an enjoyable atmospherre.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to others.
5	We decided to celebrate our first year anniversary here after getting a great coupon from restaurants.com and reading the other reviews here on yelp. having the menu with prices available online helped us a lot on deciding which coupon amount to get since there stipulations on it, for example pay $30 for a $75 gift certificate but spend a minimum of $150 not including alcohol & an %18 gratuity charge and this is the deal I got, although I think we should have gotten the $50 deal because there was only two of us. Their portions are pretty big. My husband had the ribeye, I had the rosemary veal, and for sides we shared the truffle fries, cream corn & Mac & cheese. With these orders plus drinks we did not even reach our required minimum of $150 yet. The sides were good for 4-6 people each order. We both did not finish our main entrees & we hardly made a dent in the sides. Overall the food was pretty good & the portions generous, but what really made this place worth it was the service, the atmosphere & just the experience of it! Our server daunte was awesome, he bent over backwards for us to accommodate our various requests. As what other yelpers wrote, they brought us a complimentary champagne toast and a happy anniversary dessert , the manager also personally came over and delivered a hand written happy anniversary card to us and her & the chef personally greeted us happy anniversary...the added personal touch was just the cherry on top! The staff here at envy really do know how to make you feel special. I did hint though that we were celebrating our anniversary (wink, wink) so if you are wanting to celebrate a special event, this place is top on my list, nice place, great food, reasonable princess, awesome service, what more could you ask for? I know there are some negative comments, but this is my advice to you, YOU are responsible for making YOUR experience positive or negative, it is all about attitude, do not let the pessimists sway your decisions, am glad I didn't.
5	MM!!  I looked up steak places in Vegas before coming, and we decided that this restaurant, being so close to our hotel and getting really good reviews, was a good choice. And boy, am I glad we chose it.The inside is really quite pretty, dark, warm, and inviting. I loved the decor on the table, a mirror in the center, nice darm placemats, a vase with some flowers, and overall just a great change of scenery. Immediately I was happy.We started with drinks, and my mojito was perfectly made. Good amounts of fresh lime and mint - I was in love. our meal started with bear - french bread, a delicious white chocolate pecan bread, and these thin little bread sticks. My favorite was the white chocolate pecan bread - it wasn't really all too sweet, and with butter, it was superb. I was starving, but so excited about the meal I didn't eat too much.We both ordered the petite filet mignon, which was served with little fingerling potatoes and foie gras butter. My medium rare was cooked perfectly, was tender, and was a delicious steak. Well seasoned, great quality, and overall just delicious. The demi-glace was a great addition that added taste to the steak and potatoes, but wasn't over powering and didn't drench the meat like some sauces can. It was delicious. We ordered two sides - the bourbon creamed corn and the reggiano truffle fries. Both were great. The addition of Marker's Mark to the creamed corn set it over the top - other wise it would have not been all too special, and perhaps a bit liquidy, but I will overlook that because adding bourbon to creamed corn is brilliant and I will do it from now on in my own recipe. The fries were a HEAPING plate full that looked like we barely dented them. They were thin, crispy, delicious, and sprinkled with delicious cheese and flavorings that just made my mouth water. I loved them. Overall, the entire meal was a great first night in Vegas for our little trip (business, by the way) and really just made for a nice relaxing experience after a long, long day of flying and a convention.
3	The food was all very good but very pricey. I've had just as good for defiantly a LOT cheaper.  If I didn't have a gift card I wouldn't have eaten there and defiantly won't be eating their again unless I had another gift card or groupon.
3	Just OK.  The truffle fries were the toast of the meal.  I wish I were saying that the steaks were the toast of the meal.  However, the steaks were over shadowed by the fries and the desert.  I walked away from dinner thinking that I could prepare a much better steak...this is not what I wanted after spending $55 for a New York Steak.  Bottomline-  Pick another steakhouse if you want one that lives up to the hype.  This place dropped the ball....and yes I ordered a medium rare chef recommended..
5	My girlfriend and I have now eaten at ENVY twice and the experience each time has been simply amazing! The food was simply incredible, if you order a steak and have the option to use the black salt on your steak, don't hesitate, say yes! The wine selection is also very impressive, with bottles available for all types of budgets.Rounding out the entire experience is the service, I can't say enough good things about the service, friendly and helpful just don't describe how awesome everyone is.If you haven't been to this quiet off strip steakhouse, you are seriously missing out!
5	Great dinner- Joshua is a stellar server- personable, knowledgable, energetic. Loved the stuffed tomato, heirloom salad, bone-in filet special & wedge salad. Met Chef Michael from Hawaii- great guy, true foodie & restaurant manager. Great spot for a quality dinner where you aren't rushed & have tremendous service.
5	My wife and I visited the Envy Steakhouse on Saturday, April 14, 2012 and it was an amazing experience!  We had visited one other time a couple of years ago and we thought the service and food was great and that is why we decided to go back again this time.  This time, however, was very special. My wife and I were celebrating our 5 year anniversary on this night and everything was perfect. Joshua our waiter was very attentive and informative. He explained everything from their wine selection to the Chef's special and even the 3 three types of salt they had and what to use them on.  After dinner we engaged in small talk with Joshua were he discovered the purpose of our visit.  Joshua left and a few minutes later came back with desert for us compliments of Chef Michael.  They wrote on the plate Happy Anniversary with dark melted chocolate. A few minutes later Chef Michael came out to our table to meet us and chat. Later the manager came by to make sure our dining experience had been a good one. Joshua made our night very special, the food was amazing and we really appreciate that Chef Michael took the time to come out and personally wish us a happy anniversary!  We will definitely visit the Envy Steakhouse each time we visit Vegas!
4	I was looking for a nice restaurant off the strip to enjoy my birthday dinner.  The Renaissance usually has excellent cuisine and this was no exception.  The steak was done to perfection and the service was good.  The menu was a little skimpy, but perfectly adequate.  The ambience was nice and high class.  Not too busy the night we were there, but some low-life folks at the convention spilled over a little bit.  When will young people learn to have a little class?   My only objection, which applies to most modern restaurants, is the extremely inadequate 2-person tables--especially the ones stuck against a wall.  I refuse to fight such a table and will walk out of a restaurant before being punished by being seated there.  What are restaurants thinking of with this innovation?  I would rather stay home.  An upscale hotel like this--especially a Marriott brand--should be more sophisticated than this.    Insist on a spacious table and enjoy the great food.
3	Would give it a 4 but I feel like it's a bit overpriced for what you get.  Ordered a ribeye with mashed potatoes and I think it was in the $45-50 range. Butternut squash soup was ahh-mazing but the price for a small bowl gets you what you pay for, it was pretty good.  The steak I don't think was worth the price, I've had better.  The atmosphere and furniture decor was top notch though, even the foyer/sitting area was very stunning - it made me wish the restaurant had a wait time - I would hang out there!
5	This is my 100th review and I am glad I can use it for a place that deserves this recognition and honor. :-)I've eaten here twice by now and both times we used the $100 restaurant.com coupon. In fact, that's how we found the place. We wanted to find a new place and looked at restaurant.com for restaurants for our Vegas trip. This place had great reviews, so we picked it.Our experience was so wonderful the first time last year that we went back this year again.I just can't say enough good things about this restaurant. The decor, the lighting, in other words, your first impression is already up for a good start. Everything is beautiful, warm and subtle, including the menus. Their wine list is simply amazing! They have all varietals you'd like for every budget. Josh is very knowledgeable about wine and has great recommendations. He even let us taste a couple selections by the glass as we were hesitant what to get. He gets good reviews here and I can vouch for that. He's very professional, yet friendly and funny, amazingly helpful and simply charming. The first time, after we decided what we wanted to eat, I noticed that at the bottom of the menu they were offering a 3-course tasting menu for a discounted price and it had exactly what we wanted. I can't remember what exactly they were, but I know I had the sae bass and my roommate had the steak and everything was just wonderful.This time last month, we had the oven roasted, stuffed tomato. My roommate doesn't like tomatoes, but I ordered it for myself and we still shared it and he loved it. In fact, after dinner he said that the stuffed tomato was probably the best dish that night.Since I don't eat red meat, I ordered the sea bass again, but it never disappoints. It's always perfect, tenderly juicy yet flaky, just wonderful. The shiitake mushroom and asparagus garnish is also very flavorfully prepared. I had the New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc with my fish. My roommate had the 10 oz. Filet Mignon and he loved it. They 3 different salts they give you are all amazing. I just used it on my bread. But one of them (can't remember which) really goes well with the steak. He had a Syrah that he just loved.You would think that the portions are not that great, but with a 3-course meal, you really get stuffed.We ordered 2 desserts and they were also just mouthwateringly wonderful. I wish I could have ordered one of each of the desserts, but I couldn't have eaten them all,  but any desserts we had there was both time amazing.I can't remember the names of the two ladies who helped Josh out, but they were also delightful. As I said earlier, I can't praise this place enough. Both times, everything was top notch. The food, the wine, the service, everything.I can't understand why this place is not more crowded (we actually like this fact). :-)Anyway, do yourself a favor. When you're in Vegas, try Envy. You will not regret it.
4	Service - 5 starsBone-in rib eye ($52.00) - 3.5 stars The dry-aged meat quality is good. However, the surface is overly charred so that it has the bitter taste. Petite filet mignon ($41.00) - 4.0 stars The foie gras butter on top of the filet makes it delicious. It's too bad the filet was overly charred as well.  Truffle fries - ($9.00) 5 starsAs recommended by many yelpers, we ordered truffle fries. They gave us huge plate of fries. We finished them all anyway. They're great!Decoration - 4 stars. It's contemporary classic. The restaurant seems new and clean with chairs in burgundy red as seen in oldies steakhouses.
5	I have always wanted to dine at Envy. I purchased some vouchers from restaurant.com. It was so worth it.The Petite filet mignon was great. The waiter recommended trying the different sea salts with the steak. Tried it, not a big fan of adding more salt to a wonderful piece of steak.Truffle fries!!!!!! OMG - the serving was huge. I love fries but these are over the top.Atmosphere - lovely. Wait staff - wonderful.
4	I know it's a steakhouse but I ended up enjoying their seafood much more.  The fire-roasted jumbo tequila shrimp was excellent.  The shrimps were beyond jumbo size.  These were huge.  It is served with roasted garlic & pine nut risotto which was also pretty good.  Pan-seared sea bass with truffle butter crust was nice and flaky and had a very subtle sweetness to it.  Other people seemed to love this dish as well.  Filet mignon was good too but I'm not a big steak person which is why I preferred their seafood items.As many reviewers mentioned, the truffle-reggiano fries are a must try for appetizer.  They are perfectly thin and crispy with just the right amount of truffle flavor.  All their appetizers are huge and are meant to be shared with a party of at least two people.  It took three people to finish the fries and we were all stuffed.  We also ordered the Makers Mark bourbon creamed corn which was top notch.  They also had my favorite beer Delirium Tremens.  Our server was friendly and funny, and gave us some good recommendations, including how to enjoy their trio of salt on our bread.  By the way, their complimentary breads were pretty darn good.  They were super soft.Place is located in the Renaissance Hotel near the Convention Center so is a pretty convenient place to dine if you are attending an event there.  Price is somewhat steep which is the reason I didn't give 5 stars.   This place is more like 4 dollar signs, not 3.  Most entrees were about $40-$60.  With a drink, appetizer, entree, and tip, it will come out to more like $80 per person.  I can get entrees at Hatfield's in LA for about $32-$40, and I think Hatfield's is a level higher than this place, but that's just my opinion.  Regardless, the food here is pretty good.
4	The caesar salad was surprisingly very tasty.I ordered the 17oz rib eye its not your typical thick rib eye this one was just wider.  Still as delicious
5	The truffle fries, the filet and that awesome creamed corn are certainly worth all of the accolades, but the dining experience is a complete package. With that, the wait staff, the wine list and ambiance, this is my favorite place to dine bar none.  The prices are totally in line and if you find yourself in Vegas looking for a special occasion meal, this is a meal you will never forget.  The fact that it's located in a non-smoking hotel is a bonus feature.  And, oh..don't forget dessert.  Even if you split one don't leave without it.  I look forward to every trip to Vegas, or to be more  precise, to every trip to the Envy.
5	Absolutely incredible! If you want romantic ambience, excellent food, and top-notch service, then this is a must visit. We visited from Indiana for our anniversary and this place far exceeded expectations. We will certainly return when we visit Vegas.
5	This place is AMAZING. The food: phenomenal!! Amazing filet mignon, cooked perfectly, and the sides were incredible. The server recommended the creamed corn, and any time anyone recommends something that strongly, I usually get it (even though I'm not a huge fan of creamed corn). It was amazing! Like a crisp, sweet taste of summer... Apparently they grill the corn in the husk, cut it off the cob, and cook it lightly in cream and whiskey with bacon. The spinach was great, the mac & cheese was amazing. The service: unbelievable. We came at a time when there weren't many people, which helped, but I get the impression it would be great any time. Josh, our server, was so genuine and sweet and attentive - he spent time talking to us (but not in an obtrusive way), the Chef came over and talked to us both about the food and the Bears (we're from Chicago), and Marc (maybe the mixologist?) made us an amazing drink. I can't say enough about this place. It a little far from the Strip, but it is *so* worth the cab ride.
1	Not happy with this place. We came with a party of 10 and we were the only ones in the restaurant (because it was early). I dont remember what all of my friends ordered but I remember it taking a very long time for them to get our food to us and they all werent very happy with the way their meat was done. Either overcooked or undercooked. I had the lamb. My lamb was RAW RAW RAW. It was pretty much still alive. I had them re-do it and when they came out with it for the second time, the waiter placed it on my table and asked me to cut to make sure I was content. He hovered over me the whole time, watching me with the rest of the wait team behind him. What was that? Anywhoo. Their fries are delicious but I am not taking a taxi off strip just for that...and I'm definitely not coming back for meat that you could still hear. Especially for $50+
5	Impeccable service and beyond amazing food ! I highly recommend the oven roasted tomato and the truffle fries- both are to die for!
4	My husband & I had went there a couple nights ago on a Thursday 530p. We were their 1st customers. Service was great. We used our $75 restaurant.com certificate, drinks not included. Must spend $150 to get $75 off. We ordered yellow sashimi & Caesar salad as appetizers. Sashimi was great, salad was so so. Entree I ordered Seabass & hubby ordered ribeye. Both entrees were excellent. For sides we had signature creamed corn & truffle fries. Fries are good but we couldn't finish it, big order. Creamed corn was to die for. Desserts we ordered Giant homemade Oreos & sticky warm pudding. Oreos looked great but missed the mark on taste. Sticky pudding was amazing, we wanted to lick the plate. I had a Belvedere dirty martini $18(yikes) and hubby had 2 side cars from the cocktail menu. After the $75 discount was applied our total bill was $167 including 18% gratuity. Overall our experience was great. It didn't get 5 stars because I thought it was a bit over priced for certain items. Oreos were a fun idea but totally missed on taste.
5	My husband and I have been going to Envy for 8 years now. The food is fantastic. The staff is amazing and helpful. I love the atmosphere. The owner came out to congratulate us on our anniversary and brought a card that was signed by the staff. Envy is our anniversary tradition and I don't see that changing any time soon. I've never had a bad experience. Try the truffle fries for an appetizer and the filet mignon for the meal. You won't be disappointed!
4	A friend and I both had a really great rib eye here not too long ago.  They were just as good as Lawry's, Morton's, Ruth Chris, or any of the other Beverly Hills steak houses and around the same price.  Our friend had the Salmon and said that it was great too.  Very good wine, great sides, dark, comfortable, not too crowded, and overall a great off the strip place that isn't overflowing with tourists.  I wouldn't go here all the time but would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a great steak and doesn't mind paying for it.
4	Nice place. Rib eye was good.
4	Very nice and fancy restaurant. Food was great. The server Josh was awesome. He was alway there to help us. Pros: The steak is very good. Tender, juicy and soft, melts in your mouth, nice server, plenty of parking in the garage. Cons: EXPENSIVE, 3 steak cost us over $250.. Crazy...I will still try this place out...great place if you want to eat somewhere nice..
5	Have been coming here for years now the best hands down
5	We had breakfast on a Saturday.  Service was great and the food was amazing. My wife had the whole wheat pancakes (large enough for two) and I had the Dutch Pancake (first-timer) and it was simply incredible.  Definitely a must, even if you're not staying at the hotel
5	This is by far my favorite steak house in town.  It's off strip so no fighting crowds.  It's intimate in seating and decor and the food is outstanding.  My last visit was to celebrate my friend's wedding.  So she was still in her wedding dress for dinner.  Joshua was our server and he's amazing.  Funny, knowledgeable about the menu, and attentive.  I will definitely ask to sit in his section next time I go.  To start we had the black pepper calamari & rock shrimp.  I ordered the rib eye and my boyfriend ordered the salmon.  Both cooked to perfection and delicious.  Sides ordered were creamed corn, asparagus and the mashed potatoes.  For desert I had the chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream and crumbled bacon.  It was amazing.  The sweet and salty combination was perfect.  My favorite part of the meal is the variety of sea salts the provide to try on the different items.  I don't remember what salt goes with what items but the black salt was amazing on the steak! They were nice enough to serve us a round of champagne to toast the newlyweds.  I utilized a restaurant.com coupon for this visit as I have done in the past.  They never expire and Envy certs sell out fast so if you see one buy it and ask to sit in Joshua's section.  You won't regret it!
3	We had a gift certificate for ENVY and read all of the great reviews, but unfortunately we didn't have the best experience.  It started off  very pleasant with the hostess and waiter, but then we ended up waiting over 30 minutes between our wedge salad and main course dinner.  We wouldn't have minded so much but the waiter never even came over to our table to tell us it was taking a little longer than it should have been. We decided to split the bone in filet - which we never had before, but thought we would try something new because the waiter recommended that over the regular filet mignon.  We were very disappointed, especially for the price ($56) for a small steak (compare to $48 for the filet).  We spent way too much money on a below average meal and service.  It must have been an off night.
3	On the fence on this one.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  Actually impressed me as mostly middle of the road.The above being said, for the price I would go elsewhere where I know I'd be a little more pleased with the price to quality/experience ratio.
4	I'm so pleased with ENVY! I was gifted a $50 restaurant.com coupon and from the different options, this sounded the best to me. My GPS decided to route me to a sketchy part of town, but eventually the directional mishap was fixed.When we got here, our server (Jacob, Justin, Joseph?) was very polite, friendly, and professional. He didn't give us any attitude for using a coupon or not ordering wine. I really appreciated that. Our server suggested the $95 tomahawk steak, which would be perfect for sharing for two. We also ordered a side of mac and cheese. While we were waiting, we had a nice warm bread basket and butter brought to us. An amuse bouche of gazpacho was brought out for us to try before our steak was served. We asked for the steak to be cooked bloody rare, and they did the cut justice. The attempt to finish the food was quite a feat. There were leftovers despite our best efforts. The steak was brought out with a trio of salts, which were nice to try. Our server was very knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive. I'm very pleased with Envy and I would recommend it as a dining option to someone looking for a fancy feast in Vegas.
2	Meh.. Breakfast Service seemed to be angry at each other or something. Got the job done. Prices high plating is nice but food was cool. Had the Huevos Rancheros.
4	My husband and I decided to go to this restaurant after reading the great yelp reviews.  We were visiting Vegas for our 10 year wedding anniv. and stayed at the Palazzo.I was able to get a $75.00 restaurant.com. certificate.   This restaurant was our favorite dining experience while we were in Vegas for 4 nights.  Everything was delicious and perfectly prepared.  The truffle fries were unbelievably good and our waiter Joshua was awesome.  The only complaint that keeps me from giving a 5 stars was when our total came to close to $135.00 we gave the $75.00 gift cert. and $100.00 bill.  Instead of bringing us the correct change Joshua took out his 18% tip first without asking and brought the remaining change.  I understand this practice when you have a group of 6 or more but it was just my husband and I.  We had planned to give him at least 20% tip and this definately brought down my opinion.  Perhaps he had some bad experience with people not tipping on the full amount before? Irregardless he was a great waiter, kept our drinks full and answered all our questions easily.
4	Anniversary Dinner was great. Make sure your hungry, the portions were big. The steaks are great and perfectly cooked. Check out the mound of delish truffle fries and the amazing corn. The wait staff and manager were so kind. We got complimentary champagne and a wonderful handwritten anniversary card.
5	DON'T BE JEALOUSWhen in Vegas, I highly recommend you get away from the convention center to grab food here, if you can.  Typically once any trade show starts it can get very crowded in here.  So make sure you have time to eat because it will be slow to get seats and your food. I have eaten here many times. I have also had a few post show drinks here too. I will say that the food is really good and probably the best available food near the convention center. On a recent trip I was able to sneak in here the day before the trade show started. This is not a common occurrence because I'm usually swamped with work and I never get lunch. So it was really lucky to walk in and find a spot at the bar. The bartenders were really nice. Natalie and Jamie rocked behind the bar. I had some great conversations with Natalie about making drinks. She was muddling some stuff and I was having some muddling envy. She asked what I was muddling at home. I shared a few recipes and she gave me a few ideas for my current drinks. It was priceless information. I love sharing ideas but on this occasion I believe I learned more. Jamie was also really nice but we weren't really talking drinks. She was pregnant and I'm sure the last thing she wants to talk about is alcohol. I ordered the Nicoise Salad, which had mixed greens, hard boiled egg, olives and a fresh herb vinaigrette with seared ahi tuna.  First of all I can not pronounce Nicoise. Can we start a petition to have the name of this salad changed? Maybe to something easier like Nice? It's just a thought. I really liked the salad except for the potatoes, which I know are a staple in this salad. The potatoes were really bland and tasteless. I was really glad that I added the Ahi tuna. It was a nice touch. I also got the dressing on the side. I like controlling my dressing because I can not stand a drowning salad. I have ordered other items here in the past and I have always been happy with my selections. Like I said this place is 100 times better then convention food. So if you happen to be working in the South Hall of the convention center, then take a break and head out for a nice lunch or dinner.
4	Amazing food, and off the strip so you don't have to deal with all that craziness.The restaurant is gorgeous and the service is great. The steaks are delish, but the standouts have to be all the appetizers and the sides. The corn is to-DIE-for, and the ceviche apps were great. Oh and you HAVE to try the stuffed tomatoes!Losing a star only because you have to donate a kidney to afford the place. To save some money I recommend getting an app, side and entree for two people. It's more than enough food, trust me!
3	I came here on a Saturday with a reservation made for 7:30pm. My bf made the reservation and when we were greeted and seated, the hostess told us "Happy Anniversary!"  Awesome start so far!  We came here because we had a restaurant.com gift certificate.  We had to spend $112.50 to get $75 off.  Not a bad deal and easy to spend since this restaurant is very pricey.  We were seated right away and they took our orders.  It did take a while to get the food since we ordered a big chunk of meat bigger than my head!!!  We basically ordered 3 things and that was the perfect amount to get $75 off!  The chef gave us a spoon of a complimentary dish..I forgot what it was but it had beets, which I am not a fan of but it was okay.  Complimentary Bread:  FREE bread is always the best!!  Taste great with butter!!Truffle-Reggiano Fries ($10): If you are a french fry lover like I am, this is definitely for you!  OMG this was a big mountain of fries that you can literally share with the von trapp family!!  These were perfectly seasoned with the write amount of cheese!  Mouth watering!Signature Whiskey Cream Corn ($10):  I LOVE CORN!  So creamy and delicious!  must try!40oz "Tomahawk" Bone-In Ribeye ($95):  This is by far the most expensive thing I have ever eaten in my entire life!!  This was the biggest piece of meat I've ever eaten as well (that's what she said).  Although I would have loved to love this giant piece of meat, I felt that this was a little to salty.  Maybe it was because we added the foie gras butter ($8), but still, it was way to salty!  I enjoyed the sides way more than the main meat itself.We had so much left over that 2 more people could actually finish off our dinner.  We saved it and it actually came in handy for a late midnight snack.  We cut up the meat and threw it in the fries.  Semi carne asada fries?? It was delish, or maybe it was because we were drunk and really hungry?Overall, good dinner but not great.  Also, I would think that at a very high end restaurant, when they say "happy anniversary" or "happy birthday" or some kind of special occasion, I would think they would give some kind of free dessert.  They really should!  Even a scoop of ice cream would have done justice!  Maybe take that into consideration??  I think this restaurant should!!!NOTE:-Purchase Restaurant.com gift certificates-Bathroom outside of the restaurant-Complimentary bread
4	On a recent vacation trip to Las Vegas, my wife and I decided to try Envy--I'm a sucker for a good steakhouse. Service and ambience were excellent. It's dark and quiet and the staff were exceedingly polite and helpful. I had a bone-in filet mignon which was quite good; I've never had a filet served bone-in. Very tender, very tasty, done to perfection. It's a bit off the beaten track (the Renaissance is right near the convention center, and if you take the monorail, there's a short walk across a parking lot to get there) and tends toward the pricey, but made a nice change of pace from the Strip.
3	I wanted to like this place more as I had heard some good things about it.  We had a gift certificate we won in a silent auction at a charity event last year.  Our server told us that Envy donates to stuff like that a lot, so points for Envy.We made our reservation for a Sunday evening, and it was not crowded. Maybe 4 tables.  We sat in a high-backed booth, which gave you more privacy and a feeling you were isolated.  This was nice.The wine list was average for the strip in similarly priced steakhouses, maybe a little above average.  Lots of choices, but you will pay for them to be sure.  To start, the wife had the BLT wedge salad.  This may be the best salad I've ever eaten.  The blue cheese they use was of the highest quality, as was the thick bacon.  And, they load the toppings on.  The dressing had a little pepper in it as well, which really increased the flavor.  Just a fantastic salad that was flawlessly executed.My appetizer did not go as well.  I had the shrimp cocktail, which comes with 3 sauces.  This dish didn't work for us.  The shrimp are large, which was nice, but the sauces were either too sweet or not spicy enough (the cocktail).  To eat, my wife had the filet, and I had the bone-in ribeye.  Hers was fine, a perfect rare.  Mine on the other hand had gone from getting a nice char to burned in spots.  It was mostly medium rare, but I guess they had some flare ups on the grill because it was beyond charred in places.  Made enjoying difficult.  I also found the size and quality of the steak to not be worthy of the price, which was $52.  For sides, we had the 4 cheese mac and cheese and the famous whiskey creamed corn.  Both were $10, and both were quite a large serving.  4 people easily could share these appetizers.  The mac and cheese was the better of the two in my estimation.  If the sauce was a LITTLE thicker, it would have been a home run.  But, good cheese flavor, and not greasy or heavy.  The creamed corn was good, crisp corn with bite and a nice cream sauce.  I wouldn't say it's the best I've ever had, that's probably Del Frisco's, but it was a good steakhouse creamed corn.Service was FANTASTIC.  Knowledgeable server and our water/wine glasses were never close to empty.  Very friendly, but didn't hover.
5	Came here with my old boyfriend about 5 years ago.  It was a memorable experience.  We were able to bring our own bottle of wine, which was an expensive Bourdeux, without being charged a corking fee.  We also used a Restaurant.com $75 gift certificate so out bill was very reasonable.  I still remember that meal like it was yesterday.  Our server was Ricardo.  Sadly I heard that he doesn't work there any more after a more recent visit.  I ordered the filet and we also had the truffled Mac and cheese.  Delicious.  They also have a bone-in filet that I've ordered on several separate occasions.  Get that if you can.  It's a filet with a little more fat and flavor and it melts in your mouth.  Yummy yummy yummy.  The service is always great.  I highly recommend this place.
5	My experience with Envy Steakhouse was exceptional.  Arrived with a big party for dinner and was seated after a short wait.  The decor is modern and unassuming but yet intimate and inviting.  Our servers were attentive, friendly, knowledgeable & had enough tact to give us our privacy.  My Filet Mignon was beautifully cut, aged, & tasted heavenly in my mouth.  The sides were excellent as well as the truffle fries received universal praise from our table.  Overall, I can say that it was a very pleasurable experience to dine at this steakhouse.  Envy indeed ...
3	I've had the bone in ribeye here at least 4 times, each time was perfection! Truffle fries are a must! So why 3 stars, one of the waiters there was so rude. But the others are great! Couldn't figure it out.
5	Amazing!!! I've ate at this restaurant maybe 5x's in the past 4 years. We actually found it on yelp and saw great reviews n decided to try it. Best decision ever! The food is to die for. I always get the filet mignon and we isually go as a group and orderbthe truffle fries (best truffle fries...hands down) we have also ordered the sauteed mushrooms, truffle mashed potatos and mac n cheese....Truffle galore!!! ;) Haven't been to Vegas in over a year so it kinda sucks but can't wait to go back to envy when I do. They used to offer deals on groupon but don't think they do anymore :( Not that this will stop me from eating there. Ohhhhhhh anddddd they have a great selection of wines we've ordered numerous times for my birthdat and bachelorette party.
4	Great food and experience... my only big complaint was the price creep of what I saw online and when I got there.  I was swayed to this place because I like venturing to those off strip steakhouses that has same quality of food as higher priced places.  However when i got there the prices were a small bit higher than what I saw online and it wasnt much cheaper than places Ive been to onstrip.Bread was disappointing... unimaginative rolls (garlic,rosemary, sourdough... i think) with plain butter and they were hard.The chef's complimentary taste of ceviche was delicious.  I never had ceviche but I loved this.  Tried it at another place the day after and it was no where near as good.The entrees... I got the sea bass which is really chilean sea bass (I was surprised they didnt make this difference more pronounced as sea bass is way different than chillean sea bass which is not really even sea bass).  I only asked on a whim and immediately ordered that because Ive been craving some for a long time.  I was not disappointed... Delicious!  I cleaned my plate of chilean sea bass that had a perfectly seared crust,  shitaki mushrooms, asparagus and other veggies with truffle oil.  Wife had the ribeye and it was very good to, comparable to any I had in Vegas.  The wild mushroom sauce for $4 extra was very likely the best custom steaksauce I have ever tried but that steak was juicy and flavorful enough to enjoy without any sauce.The truffle fries were awesome despite being shoe string fries which I'm not a fan of.  The housemade ketchup that tasted way better than anything you could buy in a store.  However they gave enough fries to feed 4-6 people easily.  They really should have half order options on the sides.I got the whiskey cream corn based off of recommendations.  The last time I had creamed corn was out the can as a kid but I'm glad I tried this.  It was delicious.It was a pity this place had very few people in there on a Saturday evening.  People are missing out
5	A great experience for us, and here's why: - ample wine selection (and a nicely laid-out, if not obligatory, tasting room) - simple, elegant menu - consistent food quality - casual, but attentive, service - a kitchen of culinary artisansWhile reserving a table for early dining at Envy, we were certain we wanted three things - a leisurely meal, the chance to try new wines, and delicious comestibles.  Fortunately, we got what we wanted.As others have noted, the truffle fries are amazing to share, and the portion really is as huge as they say. The four-cheese mac is surprisingly mild, but also a cacophony of flavor hints. Between us we shared the sea bass and a tightly-trimmed New York steak. The asparagus was perfectly steamed, the steak was properly grilled to medium (yum), and the panko-encrusted sea bass was only lightly dusted, ensuring the fresh filet was rightfully highlighted. Only request: More shiitake mushrooms!Pacing was perfect, and the amuse-bouche of garlic shrimp was a pleasant filler during our course prep. We opted for a couple of ONEHOPE wines - a cab and a zin - both contribute 1/2 their profits to a worthy cause.  Made drinking feel charitable! Honorable mention: The bread basket of freshly-baked rolls. You can just tell these were lovingly crafted. For dessert, their (also freshly-baked) bread pudding was a moist, fluffy delight of flavors to offset a cold night. George (F&B manager) made sure to check in with us to ensure the service provided by the energetic Christian was to our liking, and the food the kitchen prepared met our expectations.  Everyone in FOH/BOH worked well together, and the food was easily on-par with Vegas' upper-tier steakhouses.Highly recommended, and we'll be back.
5	Oh Envy (NV), where have I been all your life! This gem is near the Convention Center but didn't seem to have attracted any guests from Cowboy Christmas, better for my group of 7. The food was outstanding, the service attentive, the atmosphere lively but not rushed, and the whole experience memorable. It was even possible to hear conversation; no 90 dB music blasting. The wine room is beautiful to behold, even tho' I no longer drink. (Sigh.) Try truffle fries, blackened salmon, warm Kalamata olive rolls, brandied bread pudding... I'll return soon. Valet parking is free with validation.
4	good seafood options. great service. truffle fries!
5	After trying so much steakhouse..................went back to Envy after 9 months and the Steak was most favorite and melt in the mouth. The service was 5 star.........with helpful, friendly and great server Joshu and his fellow worker, make it special night by coming by and wish my husband a happy birthday.
5	Absolutely delicious and the staff treats you like family! Definitely a hidden gem off of the strip. Do try to make reservations but they are worth checking out. :)
5	While Las Vegas is teaming with tons of steakhouses, a trip to Envy last weekend did not disappoint.  The food and the service are top notch; an attentive wait staff took care of every need without being overbearing.  Some of the highlights:1) The filet mignon...perfectly cooked and it literally melted in my mouth.2) The truffle fries...AMAZING!  One order is enough for an entire table to share; what's even better is that the waiter asked if we wanted more (a bottomless plate of deliciousness, for sure)!3) The mac and cheese - the perfect side dish to the filet.  Cheesy, flavorful...heating up the leftovers made for a great lunch the following day.I had just eaten at the Steakhouse two nights earlier...absolutely no comparison.  Congratulations, Envy!  You've won yourself a lifelong fan!
5	Great service, attendant waitress and amazing steak! Everything you could ask for in a steak house!
4	My friends and I ate here the other night and had a travel zoo, our servers name was Christian and he was very attentive . My husband had the open ravioli, and I had two shrimp cocktails, I liked the shrimp cocktail but it came in four different sauces, on a flat plate. I'm more of a traditionalist and prefer to have them on ice, but I still ate them, I liked the mango sauce. The drinks were on the weaker side, so we switched to straight jack. We did have the four cheese Mac and cheese which was out of this world. One of our friends had the steak and a baked potato ( hugest spud in the world,) he loved it! Over all very nice and would be back.
4	Ya!!! Great Food
5	We went here last night for my boyfriends birthday. Made a reservation the same day and I asked the lady who took the reservation if she can personalize the menu for him and have his name on it ( something I saw on a previous review). She told me she can work on it but the reservation was last minute, and she'll do her best. I wasn't expecting anything but it was nice of her to try. To my surprise when we got there they had the personalized menu greeting him happy birthday. Our server was very pleasant and gave us some great suggestions on the wine. We got a nice bottle of cabernet. We ordered the calamari and rock shrimp for appetizer. We got the 40 oz Tomahawk ribeye and garlic mash potatoes. The appetizer was ok, more salty than I would like and the shrimp tasted weird. The steak was delicious, it had that nice grill taste and a demiglaze that was not too overwhelming for the steak. It was a very big portion that we had left overs. The garlic mash potatoes were also very good. As a bonus they brought us out a toffee dessert thing for his birthday. The service here is amazing. Starting with personalized menu, the dessert, and then they even gave him a card to wish a happy birthday.It's off the strip located at the Renaissance. Very nice hotel. I highly recommend this place!!
2	Went here on a Friday Night. Out waiter walked us thru the menu and suggested that I try their bone in Filet. I informed the waiter that I'd like to surf and turf my dinner. I was heading towards the lobster tail but after two minutes of the waiter explaining to me that I should get the crab legs I said sure, lets take your advice. Well I can't tell you if this was a good choice because I never received my crab legs and twice I had to send my cold coffee back hopping to get hot coffee. Overall for the price of the meal definitely didn't match the value or lack of service. I do not recommend this restaurant.
5	One of my absolute fave places to go in Vegas, and I'm a local! Amazing service and the food is mouthwatering. The wine selection is nothing the scoff at either. Also love that it's kind of a hidden gem, off the strip.
3	I visited envy around 7pm with a few friends. we were seated immediately near the brigade/expedite like. I could see a chef standing behind the line with his hands in his pockets talking to a waiter. as we sat, the waitress assigned to our table pushed in our chairs, placed napkins on our laps, and poored water while taking our drink orders. shortly after, another person brought bread, which he was unfamiliar with. he literally said "I think this is garlic or something." I ordered a 14oz veal porterhouse medium rare and received a pork chop. the waiter then argued that it was veal. it was white meat which was burnt and dry.I will not return
4	This is a good old school steakhouse.  Started out with a wedge of iceberg lettuce topped w blue cheese, bacon, red onion, and tomatoes.  Good salad but I'd prefer no red onions.Moved on to bone in ribeye medium rare.  Cooked as ordered with good flavor and marbling.  I ordered the mushrooms and croutons as the side.  Very good but a little butter would have gone a long way.Overall, good dining experience.  This is a top steakhouse in nearly any city.  It does not hit my top steak all city list but I did enjoy dinner here.
4	Stayed at the Renaissance Hotel for a week long trade show.Envy is a great option for a quiet intimate restaurant, with superb food.Their entree's and appetizers were all of a very high standard.Our steaks were perfectly prepared and cooked to perfection.The side dishes were also excellent.
3	I would of given 5 stars but they took away my favorite Sunday jazz brunch.  I don't go there anymore because the neighborhood is pretty bad. The dinner menu is really good though and the chef offers a nice selection.
5	I'm not one to hand out 5 stars for no reason ... and I'm even more skeptical of expensive Vegas steakhouses that charge way too much for far too little ... but this place was actually pretty amazing. I came here for a friend's bachelor party. The restaurant is tucked away inside of the Renaissance Hotel - not a big Vegas name, but a nice place. It's never really crowded (we went prime hours on a sat and were fine) and has good service plus really good food. I had the surf and turf special ... 8 ounce filet mignon and a lobster tale - SO GOOD! The meat was tender and thick, the lobster was perfectly cooked and mixed with butter and all sorts of goodness (it was like a baked potato, but in lobster form - can you even imagine). $55 for the plate - so worth it!Anyway, the meals come a la carte, so make sure to order sides. The sides are to share and are decently sized. We had the spinach, the whiskey creamed corn (house special), the mashed potatoes and french fries. The spinach and mashed potatoes weren't bad, but weren't mind blowing either. The fries are quite tasty and come in a massive pile!!! The whiskey creamed corn, however, is a must! You don't taste the whiskey much, but it gives it just enough sweetness. Anyway ... overall good service, good food, good prices ... nothing to complain about ... so try it out (bonus points for rhyming!).Stay Cheerful ;)
5	You must go here!!!!I don't dish out 5 stars but I must say this place is great! We ordered the antipasto, the fries, the creamed corn and I ate the filet mignon. It was one of the best steaks I've had. It was perfectly cooked to buttery perfection. I certainly will be dreaming of it for a while. I will say the fries are absolutely delicious, I actually had to force myself to stop eating them if I didn't want my brother to roll me out of the restaurant. They are portioned for 4-5 people. You must try this restaurant. Its just a great experience overall. Nice decor, great service, excellent food. Would absolutely return.
5	I recommend to all to try this restaurant out, especially if it's a non convention time period. The Renaissance Las Vegas Hotel, where this restaurant is located caters to convention guests.  Since there was no big convention, the restaurant was ours. Service was outstanding. Food was excellent. Prices are what I expected being from a nice LV steakhouse, I've been to places directly on the strip with higher price tags. They made the dinner special for our mom's by providing dessert with a special message to them, I think that's fabulous customer service. Manager came over and talked to us for a bit which I thought made the restaurant as a whole stand out. Will be back!
5	We came in on a Wednesday night, so it was not crowded at all. I made a reservation thru Open Table, but obviously it wasn't needed. Joshua was our server, and he was really friendly and attentive. The other staff was very attentive as well, always filling our water without having being asked to. It was nice, and not overly intrusive. We ordered the bone in rib-eye, pan seared sea bass, & truffle fries. It was our anniversary so they treated us to a warm sticky toffee pudding dessert. The rib-eye, according to the bf, was good. It was juicy and didn't need any additional seasoning or sauce. Cooked to a perfect medium rare...The sea bass was absolutely divine! So tender and full of flavor, it just falls apart in your mouth. The mushrooms & asparagus were delicious pairings with the sea bass. The truffle fries were amazing!!! A very generous portion that is easily shared btwn 2-4 people. A definite must try!!!The warm sticky toffee pudding was super!! So moist, with fresh made whipped cram & toffee sauce... If you have a sweet tooth then you will enjoy it thoroughly. Overall a really fantastic experience & would definitely recommend to try at least once!!
2	Envy of who????Came here on a Friday night and no one was in the place.  Our group of six guys ordered a round of some very tasty martinis and bread was brought to the table, we had heard great things and expectations were high. We ordered lamb chops and steaks and waited about an hour and a half for them to come out.  On arrival the lamb chops were just okay and the steak found to be overcooked. Our server "Devante" or something similar was not too enthusiastic and seemed to be either new to the place or distracted, we didn't see him often and he did very little to make the experience an enjoyable one. Overall the place isn't worth the money and the trip off of the strip.  The Steakhouse in Circus Circus "of all places" is nearby and much better
5	The service was excellent,  took great care in noting my food allergies, food delicious, and readonably priced.
4	Review based on their lunch menu - As I attend a few trade shows each year at the convention center across the street the Envy Steakhouse is a life saver as it's a great spot to take clients for a business  lunch in a casual yet classy environment. As those who have done shows at the convention center know the food there is pretty much the standard fast food slop. It's an easy walk over to Envy to enjoy a proper lunch and get off the show floor for a little while. Always good to get re-energized with some decent food before heading back to the grind.During lunch hours they offer a menu of items from their Grill 55. It's not an overly large menu but has just the right amount to choose from. Comfort food classics mixed in with some American cuisine foods, along with a wine and cocktail selection. Service is very attentive and professional. The food comes out pretty quick. Both times I was here this past week during the Infocomm Show I ordered the Mediterranean Salad - Arugula, Heirloom Tomatoes, Kalamata Olives, Bocconcini Mozzarella, Glazed Pistachios, dressed with Local Honey Basil Balsamic Vinaigrette and Grilled Salmon on top. Nice plate of food that was pretty tasty and not gut busting - especially when having to go back to work the convention center!Just the perfect spot for a business lunch on an expense account, and well worth avoiding the convention center barely edible food.
3	Serving largely business travelers staying at the game-free Renaissance hotel, Envy is classy and delivers reliably tasty, high-end dishes. Their Mediterranean salad is outstanding - with local honey vinegarette - and the garlic mash is heaven. I don't eat steak so I can't comment there, but their pesto prawns were yummy. They have a decent wine list. And all around great staff and fantastic service!
5	I was so pleasantly surprised by Envy! Whatever expectations I had were far exceeded when we ate here for my birthday. The decor is contemporary with a comfortable feel. The restaurant is casual but classy. I love the wine cellar off to the side when you first come in. There's a pretty decent wine selection here.  We had: -Envy salad: we shared this and they plated it separately for us. The portion was great even when sharing. The sweet herb vinaigrette was light and delicious. -Complimentary bread in a variety of flavors. My favorite was garlic, and my husband raved about the black olive bread. Be careful, though, it's unlimited, but it's warm and fiercly addicting. Save room for dinner! -8 oz. filet mignon. Cooked to perfection. -Pan roasted chicken breast. I know, I know. How could you order something that's not steak at a steakhouse? Sometimes you just should, because otherwise you'd miss out on a gem of a main course like this one. The sauce on this was incredible. Such an enjoyable dish. -Sides, including garlic mashed (mouth watering and perfectly garlicky), and bacon brussel sprouts (not a fan, but that's not because of anything Envy did to them), and my husband added on the cream corn, which he loved. -Warm toffee sticky pudding. Heavenly. Not something I would have chosen for myself, but I was amazed by how decadent it was. The absolute best part of this restaurant is the impeccable service. Waters were kept full at all times. Niki, our server, really enhanced the entire experience. She was so friendly and professional. She checked on us often without being intrusive. She gave us locals' buy one get one meal coupons good until September and applied one to our bill that evening. And we were given free toffee sticky pudding compliments of Envy for my birthday. This place is good, but the service makes it GREAT. Thank you, Niki, for creating a wonderfully memorable birthday meal! i will be back, and I'm so glad this I spent such a special evening here!
5	This food was incredible and the service impeccable.  This was the best ribeye that I have ever tasted.  Josh was our waiter and he catered to our every need. The bar made our favorite Hendricks cucumber martini off menu. This was the single best experience I've had in Vegas.
5	I purchased the Living Social Gem of the day yesterday for this restaurant.Upon entering the hotel, I was impressed with how we were greeted, two kind gentleman made us feel welcome. One walked us to the restaurant. The lobby was sleek and modern. Rich red colors. The pool area looked inviting. We were warmly greeted by the restaurant manger and seated right away. We both loved the feel of the restaurant. Leather chairs and booths. Reminiscent of days gone by, but in no way run down. Just a time when life was simpler. We had two servers , Deonante and Christian, wonderful service by both. Christian was our main server, and did not in any way treated us differently due to our living social deal. We were told about the menu, the specials and that each meal comeswith the garlic mashed and the Brussels sprouts.We shared a caesar salad which was crisp and fresh and the dressing divine. We both chose the bone in filet. We also ordered the creamed bourbon corn. The meat was perfectly cooked, tender, flavorful, and by far one of the best cuts of meat we have ever had. The corn was delicious and the cream pronounced with a slight taste of the bourbon. The potatoes delicious.    This was one of the finest meals we have ever had. I would select this restaurant over some of the other steakhouses I have been too. We cannot wait to go back.
3	Went for breakfast & lunch while attending a conference.  The location was very convenient, but the service was extremely slow.  Breakfast was a little bland, but not bad for a hotel restaurant.  Had a salad for lunch; it was pretty good, but the chicken was a bit dry.
4	This place is inside of the Renaissance Hotel.  The ambiance of the restaurant is very nice, however, the music was just OFF.  During the time I was the they only played what I'd consider night club music.  It just didn't go with the decor of the restaurant which I felt was quite classy.I ordered a shrimp cocktail as an appetizer.  This was extremely delicious and was accompanied with a nice avocado mousse.For my main dish I had the bone-in rib eye steak which was extremely juicy and full of flavor.  It came with garlic mashed potatoes which could have used a little more garlic and been a little more creamier and brussel sprouts which were cooked to perfection and seasoned with the bacon...YUMMM.  We also ordered bourbon creamed corn which was cut right off the cob, and was quite tasty.For dessert, I had their New York cheese cake.   This was not a good choice at all.  The graham cracker crust was as dry as the desert of Vegas, and the cheese cake itself didn't have much flavor and was also quite dry.All in all, this was a very good experience.  I was blessed to have a coupon from Living Social ($40 for $80) that helped with the premium cost.  This would be a great place if they adjusted the music to the environment and addressed the issue with my dessert (desert).  Because of these elements I give this place 4 stars, but don't let that missing star stop you from going here...This place is excellent.
5	Wonderful place for fine dining right in the Reneccance hotel Las Vegas!!! Excellent food and service! Living social has a great deal $40 for $80 so invest in that app. As for the meal one word "perfection"!!!! Steak was to die for as well as the sides! I wool be coming back ambiance was very romantic and inviting! The hotel is really beautiful as we'll!
5	I had heard word-of-mouth that this restaurant had really good food and it lived up to my expectations.  The bone-in filet was fantastic, service was wonderful and the ambiance delightful.  The flourless chocolate cake with ice cream was an orgasmic dessert.  The Renaissance Hotels always have great service and Envy fits right in.  The lamb, seafood and other meat dishes are are very good and vegetables and potatoes come with you meal.   Rumor has it this place also has a great brunch too.
5	We were staying at the hotel and decided to call it a night and eat here. Steak was amazing! Sirloin cooked perfect with great seasoning! Best sirloin I've ever had so tender it was like a fillet. Sides were awesome too. Service was spot on!
5	Came here for a Groupon special ($40 for $80), and was thoroughly impressed. The hotel lobby is a bit off the Strip, but has just as much panache and grandeur of some more popular locations... And the Envy Steakhouse? It was fantastic.Our party of two really pigged out: bone in rib eye, lobster macaroni, truffle fries, and calamari...The appetizers were great price and easily shared for two, if not three people. At $7 a plate, they were a steal! THE CALAMARI was uniquely crunchy but with perfectly cooked squid. The dipping sauces (sweet and cocktail) were a rich flavor that contrasted nicely with the lemon-sprinkled rings of calamari.THE TRUFFLE FRIES and LOBSTER MACARONI were the usual restaurant expectations; the fries were a bit crispy since they were shoestring sized. The lobster Mac&cheese was a bit over seasoned with salt, and I would have preferred a spicier cheese to the mild mix they used. Regardless, both dishes were delicious at $7 a pop.The BONE-IN RIBEYE was excellent. Perfectly medium rare (is there any other way?), salted along the bone and fatty sides, and a beautiful cut. Not the best rib eye in the world, but very impressive and delicious. Definitely worth a try at least once. It gives the "steakhouse" part of the name some credibility, since everything else we had ordered were appetizers. Comes with a side of garlic mashed potatoes and brussels sprouts. The mashed potatoes were a tad salty on their own, but delicious with the steak.Overall, a great experience with excellent service. With or without a Groupon, I would visit again.PROTIP: complementary valet parking on site, and great for a nice quiet couples dinner.
4	Had the pan roasted chicken. The chicken was cooked perfectly but the side was too salty. Service was ok..
5	OMG - Chef John Walsh and Matthew our waiter have totally turned my most hated food, brussel sprouts, into a culinary delight for my taste buds! Im spoiled and totally done for - guarantee I will try to make these at home or come back to feed my inner epicure!
3	The food was great but the service was a whole other story...Had to wait over 30mins for my filet even though the restaurant was empty. Got my filet but it still took another 15mins for my glass of wine that I had ordered right after ordering my dinner. I could tell this was not the waiters fault since he did a good job at trying to make jokes about things taking so long. I then waited another 20 mins for my bill.
4	Let me start out by saying I had excellent customer service from the time we stepped in until we left!! Our serve Matthew was very attentive and knowledgable. Cesar salad was yummy. We had ours split and it was still more than an enough to start our palates. I had the deal of the day which was a half of sea bass and a 6oz filet migon. Delicious is all I can say!! My girlfriend had the 12pz bone in filet and she killed the whole thang easily and loved every morsel of it. The bacon Brussels sprouts and lobster mac n cheese were average to me. Great garlic mashed potatoes. The cream corn was excellent. I definitely recommend you try it. Great cocktails. Bartender was definitely loving with the service if you know what I mean. Overall this place is a must try and we will definitely be coming back for more. If you can ask for Matthew, you definitely won't be disappointed with the service.
5	First ask for Joshua this waiter knows how to make a birthday guy feel welcomed.. My wife and I chose this place because of travel zoo... It was worth it..  The waiter was  attentive to our needs.. He suggested the rib eye steak for me and for my wife the Chilean sea bass.. He chatted up quite a bit... For an appetizer we got the iceberg lettuce salad with blue cheese which was amazing... Then dinner came around and he provided free garlic mash potatoes and Brussel sprouts.. Also various sea salt to go with our meals.. The steak was good but with the salt phenomenal.. The sea bass was amazing by itself! For dessert he gave us a free toffee dessert with a happy birthday written on it! Then finally he gave us two for 1 coupons at the end... This guy was absolutely a model server and we were lucky to be the recipient of his wonderful service!
4	MAKE SURE YOU SEARCH FOR CURRENT DEALS! We decided to go with this steakhouse instead of one of the other many options in LV because there's multiple deals going on right now, plus they have a good review on yelp. We bought the Travelzoo deal ($79 for $149 worth of food) and it was definitely a great experience.From the host, to the server, and even the guy clearing our table, everyone was very nice and welcoming. Great service the entire time we were there. For a party of 2, the $149 worth of food was more than enough. Shrimp cocktail: Comes with 3 large shrimps, avocado mousse, and a small trio of sauces on the plate. DELICIOUS! My husband savored every bite. Caesar salad: Came whole with 2 anchovies on top (which I immediately removed). Delicious! Most caesar dressings that I've tried are too sour, but this one was perfectly rich. 15 oz Rib-eye: Very tender, not overly seasoned, and cooked PERFECTLY. My husband thought that it could've used more seasoning, but I appreciated having control over the amount of salt on my steak. I couldn't get enough of it. Sea Bass: A little on the small side (as expected). My husband said it was delicious and cooked perfectly. Moist and flaky. He didn't care for the asparagus that came with the sea bass, but overall, he enjoyed it. Garlic Mash potato: Good, but would've been better if it had a smoother consistency and had a stronger garlic taste. Bourbon creamed corn: Delicious! Truffle Fries: Overrated. The only part of the meal that I did not care for. It was just too salty for me and with the exception of the portion size, it really didn't impress me.Brussel Sprouts: Husband enjoyed it. Garlic Spinach: Decent, but wouldn't order again. "Too mushy" was what my husband said. BEST PART: At the end of our meal, our waiter (Matt) brought out the dessert menu. There wasn't anything on the menu that interested us, so my husband jokingly asked for "Berries and Cream" (i.e. fruit and whipped cream). Matt said sure! even though it wasn't even on the menu. AWESOME SERVICE and that "Berries and Cream" was the perfect dessert!I would definitely come here again. One of the best meal experience I've had.
4	Echoing a fellow Yelper: MAKE SURE YOU SEARCH FOR CURRENT DEALS! I wouldn't come here at full retail cost. Pros:- Great wine- Great sides- Large portions- Excellent serviceCons:- Way the hell away from everything. You have to take a $15 cab so that's $30 round trip added to the cost of your bill. Just a consideration. If you're not going to go somewhere based on $30, though, then you shouldn't be going there anyway.  It's more about the time for me.- We came here on a Saturday night at like 8PM and the place was empty. Not the vibe we were hoping for.- My ribeye which full retail would've been like $40 was not very good. Very thin cut.. felt like a steak you'd buy at the grocery store?
3	I really wanted to give this place 4 stars, especially after the fantastic service we got from our server Nikki, but I feel like I have to give it 3 stars just to bring attention to how badly the steak needs improvement.Lots of hits and misses here, the seafood platter was a hit, it came with fresh and succulent king crab legs, lobster (half), oysters, mussels, jumbo prawns, but the clams were overseasoned.  The truffle fries were also a hit, huge mound of fries perfectly deep fried and topped with truffle oil and parmesan cheese.  The steak was a the big miss.  We ordered the bone-in rib eye for $47.  Steak was cooked to my liking, medium rare, but it had a piece of tendon running through a part of it, made it chewy.  Also too much fat.  It was not a top quality piece of meat of even marbling throughout.  And I actually like fat on my steak, just not big pieces of it in certain spots.  I've never paid that much for a piece of steak and had to cut fat and tendon off it.  Very disappointing.  The service again was the saving grace.  When I made the comments to our waitress Nikki, without any expectations, she offered to comp the steak.  I opted not to, because we were using a travelzoo deal (very good deal by the way), and that would require us to not use the deal this time, but since I'm doubtful that we'll come back...  So she offered to comp the desserts instead.  Thanks but unfortunately the chocolate cake and toffee pudding were underwhelming as well.
5	BLOWN AWAY! I'll post a full review soon I just had to say they were amazing & we highly recommend! Everything was amazing! See photos I'm uploading shortly =)
3	Came here on a living social coupon. Overall experience was okay. I had called before hand to make a reservation and they told me that the restaurant would not be busy and that i didn't need one. When I get to the restaurant, they asked if I had reservations. I replied no and they did a "it's okay" in a manner like we forgive you. Not the best hostess response. On to the food, I went there with a friend and we both wanted the ribeye. Unfortunately there was only one left. You would think that a steakhouse wouldn't run out of steak, especially on a non busy night. The actual food itself was very tasty. The lobster mac and cheese was by far the best dish of the night. Not sure if it is worth it to go again.
5	I've now been to this restaurant 3 times. And at first glance, you don't even think of this place. It's not even on the map, with all the famous places at the big name hotels. This restaurant is in the Renaissance hotel. Who comes to the Renaissance hotel when you go to Vegas, right?? Well, we did because we were staying at this hotel.  I will say that this steak is some of the best that I've had. And I've been to Peter Luger's, Del Frisco's, Morton's, Ruths Chris, Bobs, CUT, Mastro's Beverly Hills, etc.  The meat here is easily some of the best meat that you will find. It is tender, flavorful, delicious, and melts in your mouth. If you read my other reviews, you will see that I'm a pretty harsh critic, especially when it comes to steak, so my giving this place 5 stars is a pretty big deal for me. But every time I've come here, I've always gone away thinking, "man, that is a really good restaurant."  The sides are very solid. The appetizers and salad are just okay; if you can save room for the steak, I would skip the appetizers. The appetizers are nothing special.  However, the steak is simply phenomenal. I have always been very impressed with the meat that they serve here.So if you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and have a nice, calm meal with an excellent steak, this place is a good bet.
4	I was worried when I walked into this place for dinner because it was empty save for two other diners. As expected with the lack of customers, service was excellent. After checking out the menu my wife and I mentioned that we were going to sample each of the two entrees ordered. What came out from the kitchen was a beautiful, impromptu surf and turf dish with a half order on each of our plates. The 10oz filet ($49) was savory and tender with a flavor enhanced by a trio of specialty salts served on the side. Next to the filet was a pan seared Chilean seabass ($36) coated with a buttery, crunchy truffle flavored crust. The delicate and flakey fish was the highlight of the meal and one of the better fish dishes I've had in a while. As a side we ordered their signature whiskey cream corn ($10). Creamy and full of chunks of bacon, it added to an otherwise rich meal. The restaurant is even kid-friendly even though there isn't a dedicated kid's menu. My kid got a massive bowl of buttered spaghetti noodles ($12). To finish up the meal, we shared the warm sticky toffee pudding ($9). While not nearly as good as the mind-blowing version at Gordon Ramsay Steak, the large square brick was decent. However, the grainy brown sugar mouthfeel prevented us from devouring it like we would normally do to a dessert.This place may not have the sizzle and sex appeal of other steakhouses in town, but it's a solid, less expensive alternative. The execution was better than expected, plating was thoughtful and meticulous, and service was as friendly and personable as you'll find anywhere in town.
5	Awesome food. Awesome service. Awesome atmosphere. Away from Strip so it's not crowded or rowdy. I loved it.
4	Came with a Living Social Deal for our first anniversary.  Wow, the staff really went out of their way to make it special, even presenting us with an anniversary card from the staff.  The Living Social Deal we had was amazing, 40 for 80, however I paid 32.00 because there was an additional promo code.   My stomach only holds about 4oz so I can usually never finish anything I order.  I also don't eat beef so I was planning on ordering a couple appetizers, however, the 6oz lobster tail add on(to any steak) caught my eye.  My spouse got the 8oz filet with garlic butter and she just about licked her plate.  She said it was amazing.  Very tender( obviously) and cooked perfectly( medium well).  We shared the ceasar salad( no anchovy) and they split it between 2 plates.  The dressing was good, however, there was too much of it.  The delicate hearts of romaine were clearly overdressed.  Additionally, the crostini served with the salad was anything but crisp.  The rest of the meal was flawless, food and service.  We shared a humongous baked potato and I had a the mushroom sauce with my lobster.  The complimentary rolls are very good too.  They brought us a very rich chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream for dessert.  Very sweet of them. There was a slight communication error when we were brought Evian water and a huge bowl of mushrooms( as a side dish) instead of tap water and the mushroom sauce( complimentary), but that was quickly taken care of. Total for 2 was 90, so I paid 10 extra plus 7.29 tax so total I paid was 49.29 plus tip.
5	So amazing! Went here about 10 years ago and  kind of forgot about it unti I saw it on Travelzoo and thought I would give it a shot again. So glad I did because it was FANTASTIC! My boyfriend and I shared the wedge. I got the bone in ribeye and he got the filet. We were warned by our server to not overdo  it on the sides since they were a generous portion. We settled on the bourbon corn and Dijon grilled asparagus. Bomb! Sticky toffee pudding was to die for! Our server was awesome too Wish I remembered his name... Josh? He could have easily oversold us on more food that we would have never finished. He was friendly, extremely knowledgeable. Gave us the perfect balance of attention and privacy. Added plus... As locals it is pretty awesome to go have a great meal without dealing with the crowd of the strip. We will DEFINATELY go again!Only downfall (no fault of ENVY) was that I tried to make a reservation through opentable and it said nothing was available until 9. I called and easily got a table for 7:30. When we showed it was pretty empty too. Sure it was just a glitch but I am sure a limited time may discourage people especially if people are on a time crunch before a show, etc.
5	We had a wonderful experience at Envy! The place is inviting and romantic and there is also a private dining room. We had the french onion soup and ceasar salad followed by a medium steak and cream corn. The food was excellent and our server Krisztian was very friendly and helpful giving great recommendations to us. Thank you! We will be back!
3	Fancy, pricey, more hardware and glassware than one can count. Extremely attentive and polite staff. The heirloom tomato appetizer was a hard green tomato and a flavorless  extra firm red tomato. it they are heirloom the were from the mattell family. The Caesar salad was nice, small but nice. The Shrimp cocktail had three colossal shrimp, extra firm. I me it was a tough cut. I guess I was not impressed, and three stars is generous, very generous. Each dish was photo perfect and for some that would be impressive. I think I did not have enough (read none) to drink as a precursor to dinner.  I guess I will just move along. Sorry ENVY.
5	From our server Joshua to all the staff and the food A+....only wish I could afford to go more often.  Took mom for her birthday and she loved it. Steaks tender, truffle fries out of this world!
1	I was really disappointed.   This was my Birthday dinner.   We used the Living Social Coupon. Went here because a friend had suggested it.  To each his own, I guess.    We had..Caprese Salad. - Very bland tomatoes, in fact one was mushy and a bad texture.  There was No salt on the table, which killed this dish completely.Shrimp Cocktail - Shrimp were pretty tasteless, and although they had some sauces, there was no where near enough sauce for the amount of shrimpTomato Soup - Was good, but acidic, it needed a cream to break the acidity.Bone-in Rib Eye - Way too fatty and tough.  Garlic Mashed - Good, esp with the Veal DemiGlaceLobster Mac and Cheese - Good, very fishy flavor, if you like that.  it was  ok to me.  I have had This in other restaurants where it was not "lobster" enough.   This was not the case here.The experience:First, a different waiter than ours was retrieving plates near our table and dropped a plate on the floor, right next to us, glass shattered everywhere.  Hitting mine and my wife's bare feet and legs (We had Sandals on) The waiter didn't ask if we were ok, didn't apologize, he just acted as if nothing happened.  I was also worried that shards of glass maybe made it on our appetizer plates, because it was that explosive, but they did NOTHING about it.  My wife and I BOTH visibly checked our feet and legs and I had a knick on my leg from glass, the waiter saw us visually inspecting our feet and still said nothing.       Next, when I ordered the steak, Bone-in Rib eye,  I asked for Red Wine Reduction sauce and Herb Butter.  - When my steak was delivered, they forgot the Red Wine Reduction completely, and gave me what looked like Herb Butter, but chunkier.  Without testing it, I dolloped it on my steak and began spreading it, and noticed obvious Bleu Cheese chunks.  I tasted it and it was for SURE Blue Cheese, within the butter.   I did not order this of course, but I know Bleu Cheese for sure.   The waiter came back and I told him of the mistake, and he apologized, but also said they don't even have a Bleu cheese Butter, so he doesn't know how this happened.   He was good about it, but I did feel like they were calling me a bit of a lier as they mentioned a few times that they dont have Bleu cheese butter, and dont know that happened.   I cook... I know Blue cheese, AND, others on my table got the herb butter and it was completely different.    They did bring me a a new steak, BUT at that point I was eating after the rest of my party, and it was awkward.  To top it off, I was Up to that point the best thing was the Red Wine Reduction, when they did bring it with my new steak.   Which is sadThey did bring a chocolate cake for my birthday and that was the star of the night for sure.   Too bad the actual food was no good.The waiter was good and attentive, so I will give him kuddos for that.
4	I'd kinda sorta think I'd heard of Envy Steakhouse before but couldn't have told you much more, til I took advantage of a Living Social deal. It's a bit north of the Paradise restaurant corridor, in the Renaissance in a not so inviting area... so valet. The Renaissance is nice inside & the valets & restaurant hosts were welcoming. The steakhouse is quite lovely- open, well lit, contemporary with a red, warm richness. Our waitress, Nikki, was smiley & sincere. We got complimentary olive bread & french bread- warm with room temp butter & yummy. Tomato caprese for an app was the only part of our meal that lacked- the mozzarella balls had zero flavor & there was hardly any balsamic but the colorful heirloom tomato arrangement was a nice touch. We both ordered filets then shared a sauteed mushroom medley & garlic mashed potatoes. We also asked for each of the sauces to play with. The steaks were great, the sauces were fun, the mushrooms were plentiful & the potatoes, while not especially garlicky, were velvety. For dessert, we got the flourless chocolate cake & creme brulee- both were decadent (& I'm a creme brulee snob). All in all, we really enjoyed our experience- definitely recommend, would definitely like to go back. Unfortunately, that area just isn't the 1st place I think to spend an evening!
5	Giving this place a 5 star only due to the bartender named Natalie at Grill 55. She is awesome! Great recommendations on food at both Grill and Envy Steakhouse, while also customizing an amazing drink for me. Also, bartender named Johnny was really nice and helpful. Great staff!
5	We bought a living social coupon for $40 for $80 worth of food and decided to give ENVY a try.  It was a Monday night at 6pm and the place was empty except one other couple.  Or waiter, Joshua, could not have been more pleasant, helpful and just  genuinely nice.  The complimentary bread was delicious and warm and fresh.  We ordered the wedge salad and the Caesar salad - both very fresh and pretty.  There were three of us and one of our friends can't eat much and Joshua had no problem bringing and extra plate so she could share our salads.  My hubby ordered the ribeye and he said it was delicious!  I ordered the New York steak and again, my friend and I wanted to share.  We had a table discussion about how to cook it as I like mine more well done than hers.  Joshua solved the problem by suggesting the steak be cut in half and each cooked separately.  Brilliant!  We ordered the creamed corn - and it was fabulous!  Definitely a high lite.  The lobster mac and cheese was good too with chunks of lob.  All through the meal the service was excellent.  When we paid two credit cards were used to split the Bill.  Again no problem.  We then said our goodbyes to Joshua and spent 10 minutes using the hotel restroom and goofing around taking pictures in the hotel lobby which was gorgeous.  As we walked out the door, up pulled the valet with our car, right as we stepped outside.  We had not turned our valet ticket in.  It was perfectly orchestrated so our car was there as we stepped outside.  All we can imagine is that Joshua got our last names off our credit cards and arranged for the valet to get our car!  We were so amazed at the perfect timing and it made us feel special.  All in all a great experience.  This hotel and restaurant are right next to the convention center.  Joshua told us that when the conventions are in town - totally different atmosphere - and they are packed.  No convention = quiet restaurant and low priced room costs.  So check the LV convention calendar.  We might stay at this beautiful hotel in the future when there is no convention - we checked and the rate was $109.  Great restaurant and cool atmosphere.  And Joshua is the best!!!
2	This is a very average steakhouse for the money.  I say this with having been to many excellent steakhouses around the country, but locally steakhouses that charge the same amount but are far better include: The Striphouse, Andiamo and Morton's to name a few.  I'm not trying to be hurtful in my review, but if you're going to charge these prices I expect a couple things great, flavorful food and outstanding customer service.  Neither of these were displayed.  If this had been one of my very first steakhouses I had ever been to I probably would have thought it to be ok, but when when you're in the vacation destination of the world...step it up or charge a reasonable amount for what you get.  You have competition and they are currently killing you.  My husband and I ordered the Tomahawk steak for 2 ($95) and we ordered it rare (we're from the midwest and like our beef with the most flavor) along with the asparagus and lobster mac n cheese.  What I didn't like: How little seasoning or flavor there was to the Tomahawk.  The tomahawk was served with asparagus (which is not noted on the menu) this would have been wonderful if the server knew what dishes came with what for the evening and then we would have tried another option. The bernaise sauce was fair, it almost tasted sour.  The service was average for an Applebee's.  We were there on a Wednesday night - it was not busy.  We waited, for everything...them to take our order, for drink refills, the check.  From the time we sat down until our food arrived at our table was 50 minutes - unacceptable.Things I liked: They didn't charge you $5 for sauces for your steak like some other places do.  All of their sides were only $8I just feel like people should know that for the same amount of money they can have much tastier steaks and extremely better service at other steakhouses in the area for the same price or less.
5	5 stars for the serviceour waiter is amazing! food has nice presentation.  taste is above average. (3.5 stars)ordered seafood platter- crab legs are too saltysteak--ordered medium rare but cooked more like mediumlobsterenvy saladsticky caramel pudding--warm and very good!Best to make reservation ahead for the booth (if 2 people)
5	Delicious! We got a Living Social deal $30 for $80 worthWe had the calamari to start, our entrees were the  salmon and the steak and our sides were creamed corn and parmesan fries. Everything was delicious! Our cups were always full, the staff was very nice and attentive. We ended up paying $42 after the Living Social deal was applied. A little pricey but well worth what you pay. The fries are a must!
2	Location was poorDecor was decent and upscaleLobster Mac and Cheese was goodBread was okService was poorTomahawk steak was poor
3	Respectable meat joint tucked away in the lobby of the Renaissance Hotel, somewhat outside of the usual tourist corridors yet worth the trek if you're craving a good steak at a price that won't devastate your budget. That's not to say this is budget fare; an average cut plus sides and a couple glasses of wine can set you back well over $100 per person.I've been to better, but this steakhouse's more casual-hip ambience and quick service deserves a try. Tip: look on TravelZoo or other websites for bargain coupons before making your reservation.
5	Service was wonderful and the hotel itself was gorgeous!  My salmon was perfect and my husband's filet mignon looked amazing... I truly was disappointed I couldn't sample his steak--medium rare streak and pregnant ladies don't mix. :(
1	We came here for dinner on dec 26, 2014. We order both filet mignon with wild mushroom sauces. We waited for our steaks for almost 40 minutes, the steaks both over cooked and so salty,. I though i was eating beef jerky instead of a steak. The wild mushroom sauce was terrible. I don't know where this restaurant got 4  stars from.
5	Off the strip restaurant/hotel but a must!Nice upscale restaurant and service. Professional, welcoming & friendly from the moment you arrive to the end of your dining experience. Our server Stephanie was awesome, she took very good care of us. My son wanted pasta with marinara sauce...this does not exist on the menu but Stephanie made it happen. The chef whipped up a linguini pasta w/marinara sauce and a grilled chicken breast. It was perfect! All 4 adults decided on the : Bone in ribeye (perfectly seasoned and cooked)  with the fas grois butter. Sides (share-able size): Lobster mac n cheese (good)Creamed spinach (good but more like sauteed spinach)Creamed corn (awesome! Made fresh off the cobb)Appetizer: 2 orders of Calamari & Shrimp (very good).The manager here (Maria) is wonderful! We will definitely be back and Envy is highly recommended by all of us =)
