5	Love him or hate him he is the best in the business.  Ben Thompson  describes it best. "Just west of the Las Vegas strip, in a district known as Chinatown, lays the heart and soul of the best boxer in the world, the Mayweather Boxing Club. Surrounded by a number of Asian restaurants and other businesses, it's easy to overlook the Chinese archway that marks the entrance to Schiff Drive, a side street that looks more like a long parking lot."The familiar faces you will see  are Big Kip [Kip Sweeney], Mayweather's director of security, Pat Walsh another member of security and the biggest of the security team Big Phonz [Alfonso Riddick]. All three men keep a close eye on the entrance, preventing those without permission from entering the gym. It is an invite only gym and if you aren't a member of his crew or invited by such you will be turned away. You will see dozens of different boxers on a typical day in the gym. Up and comers and seasoned professionals alike.  You will find Rafael Garcia (trainer-consultant-cutman) and the best cutman and hand man in the business and Roger Mayweather the greatest trainer in the business on a typical day.The gym fluctuates between semi cool and moderately comfortable to steaming hot. It can contain anywhere from a dozen to over a hundred  depending on a private training session or media day in the gym. it is not large but has all the essentials to get the job done.
5	Love this place. I try to get out to this gym every time I go to Vegas. The gym is located in an inconspicuous (which is surprising considering it's Mayweather) location in the Chinatown area of Las Vegas, a couple miles from the Strip and a little less than a mile from the Palms/Rio area. Most of the time anyone can walk in and watch the boxers train. I've never seen Floyd there but every time I've gone either Floyd's dad (Mayweather Sr.) or his uncle (Roger Mayweather) or both are there training boxers. (They are there practically every day during the week.)  They are very friendly and are more than happy to take pictures and sign autographs for anyone so this gym is actually one of the better photo-ops in Vegas.Have also seen Jeff Mayweather (another of Floyd's uncles) and champion boxers Ishe Smith and J'Leon Love there on multiple occasions. At the end of the day, it's just a regular boxing gym but pretty cool to see a lot of the faces you see on TV doing their thing.Roger especially is a real chill, laid-back dude. Has always signed stuff for me when I ask, though you really don't want to bother him while he's in the middle of a training session. He's really good with the young kids who come in with their parents just to look, making it a point to come over and say hi and even give a few introductory tips on box.If you are a boxing fan would very highly recommend checking the place out.
5	What can I say about this place? it doesnt get better when you are talking pure boxing gyms. The trainers are top notch, the fighters are top notch and you see a who's who of the boxing, kickboxing and mma world on a daily basis.  Just in the last 2 wks I ran into boxing world champions Shane Mosley, Bermane Stiverne and Bad Chad Dawson. One of the best moves I ever made to improve my skills was training at MBC.  My personal boxing coach is Jeff Mayweather who is Floyds Jr's uncle and a former world champion himself.
2	Went to Vegas for he 1st time early 7/2014, this was a family vacation and everyone listed at least two places they wanted to tour/visit. My husband wanted to visit Mayweather Boxing club as he is a HUGE Mayweather fan, evertyhing he talks about is Mayweather, and he often refers to him as his own son "look at my son on TV" and "My son is going to box this weekend"...and so on. We finally found the boxing club in the Chinatown area but to his surprise it was closed which was not a problem. However he was somewhat disappointed to not see anything in the windows, no pictures, no posters..nothing...so we took picutres of the sign and left. He was very disappointed because though at least he could take some pictures at the place where the champ trains...this was a little disappointing and the church next door was not happy with us trying to manueaver our way around as they were congregating for service.    We later went to the MGM and there we did see the nice display of belts and outfits worn, this made him very happy as he felt he was taking a picture with "his son".   He would have loved to see "the Champ" or at least tour the gym.
5	Max Pawn Where Luxury meets Value Loves The Money TeamLouis Vuitton Hermes Chanel DiorAnd More
5	Randomly walked in here just to see it while I was on vacation and walked into Money Mayweather doing a sparring match and training for his upcoming fight in September. It was too cool and something I will never forget. First time in Vegas and felt like the luckiest guy ever. Also was able to talk to some of the upcoming fighters in there like Ed Williams and Dangerous Moore.
5	We got there and were disappointed because it was closed.  Didn't look like anyone was inside.  While we were taking pictures, a dude and two chicks walked out.  It was kinda shady.  What were they doing in there?  Sexy time!?!?!  That's what it seemed like.  I wonder if Mayweather knows that his employees are doing sexy time inside the gym after hours.  It's kinda bad mojo, no?  I mean, it's ok to use your status as a part of TMT to get sexy time, but don't do sexy time inside the gym, right?  Show the fly honeys the gym, then take them back to your place.  Have some decency!!!
5	A must go if you are a boxing fan...TMT headquarters is no other place than in Chinatown Vegas!!! It is free to come in and watch the superstars and the next echelon of superstars in the sport!! If you are on vacation and have no gloves with you, just literally walk in, sit down in the one of the many ring side seats, and enjoy the training and hard work of the entire Mayweather organization that allows Money to talk like he does while backing up every last word. There is always Mayweather's family, whether its his uncle or his dad...but you can pick up plenty of tips to take back to your own home gym or just watch boxing at its finest...highly recommended!!! Kids and babies are present also...just FYI.
5	We checked this place out while we were in town. You can not get in on any regular day to visit. At least we couldn't figure out if we could or not. There were a bunch of fighters waiting outside to go inside and train but we had time constraints. Check it out and get a photo.
