3	This is the store located in Fashion Show Mall. Surprisingly for such a huge mall, this is a very small store. They don't have a lot of selection and seem like they need to do some renovations to the store. No one asked me if I needed help. All in all a typical VS store.  ^_^*~
2	I have always liked Victoria's Secret. Other than the silk boxer short I once bought that ripped apart after like 3-4 washes (good thing I only bought one!), everything else I have purchased has been good quality. I also shop on their website every so often and have bought some nice sweaters and jackets.This store is really tiny and didn't have much of a selection! I was really just browsing to kill time, but I doubt I will return to this location. Here's the thing that really annoyed me. One of the older employees who spoke with an accent followed me around and kept nagging me to open an Angel Credit Card.Employee: "Hi, are you Filipino?"Me: "No, I'm Japanese."Employee: "Oh Japanese, well, we're both Asian."Me: "Uh-Huh." (and thinking....so what?)Employee: "You want to open an Angel Credit Card?"Me: "No thanks."Employee: "Oh come on, the credit card is good. You can save your cash and you can use the card at any Victoria's Secret and Bath and Body store."Me: "No thank you."Employee: "Oh come on, you earn points and rewards with the card and you can buy anything."Me: "I DON'T want a credit card, but thank you."Employee: "Oh come on, let's get you a card, we can do good credit, bad credit, no credit..."Me: *rolled my eyes at her and started to make my way to the door*Employee: "Oh come on......"First of all, don't even for one second think that I'm going to open a card and have you get credit/commission/whatever for it just because I'm Asian like you. I hate it when people come up to me and say stuff like "Are you Filipino?" If they are THAT curious, why can't they just ask "What ethnicity are you?" (instead of assuming) and why does it matter anyway? Second, I'm sure most people know that their credit card has a sky high APR. I don't care if it comes with "rewards" it's not worth it. Third, please learn to speak proper English lady, you can't start every sentence with "Oh come on..."Ughh! Ladies, don't even waste your time here, go to the store located in The Forum!
5	In the past I kinda had a secret hatred towards Victoria secret because they never carried a bra that fit my body correctly but its been several years and I was bored so I decided to head on in and asked to get professionally sized. I expected some lady to grab a measure tape and be so confident with what she decided it said that she would throw me a bra and walk away. Boy was I wrong. I don't think I have ever had so much personal service at any store EVER. Not only did she make sure the new bra fit me well but she made sure I found a bra that I loved not that I was just satisfied with. This easily took an hour out of her day and I just wish I could have tipped her. If I only carried cash.
4	All I wanted was a new strapless bra......I walked out spending over $100.00 on that bra, some undies, and smell goods.Honestly, great employees will convince people to spend more.  I had two women helping me out with my bra in the fitting room and I ended up buying the more expensive one.I liked the little help button you push and the employees trying to be personable and getting to know your name and what not.
4	Good lord it was crowded in there when I went!
4	In every city I live in, I only go to one particular VS.  And in Vegas, it has to be this inside the Fashion Show Mall.  I'm not sure what it is about VS but I always complain about how easily their bras get deformed...but I keep buying from them anyway.  I also like to think I'm saving money when they have 3 or 5 for $25 panties.It's always crowded but there's always a friendly sales associate to help you.  They offer you a bra fitting/sizing every visit.  It's a bad bad drug I can't stay away from.  I don't know where else to go and I'm afraid of trying something else.
4	This store is always a stop when we are in Vegas. The selection is big because it's the largest store on the west coast. The service is generally good. The only complaint I have is that the cash registers are hidden in the back corner that you can only get to by passing all the teeny bopper undies. A little odd setup, if you ask me.
4	Since I was shopping for gym clothes, I was reminded of that one time I had panty lines while in my yoga pants. Oh, the horror! I grabbed 20 seamless panties since they were $26.99 for 5. I also found a nice blue sports bra. Whenever I see different colors, I'm completely having an out-of-body experience. I float around the store, hand reaches for something and puts in the shopping bag...then, I stopped when a lady asked me if I know my measurements. So, I said yes. "Do you want to get re-measured?" Yes. Basically, whatever you ask, my answer would be yes when I'm in a trance. It was a good thing though since my measurements did change. I could've left the store with a bunch of wrong sized items which I tend to do. I lost back fat and went up in cup size. Thank you, chest press!After getting measured, they'll write your name down and measurement on a card. Show the card to the lady in the fitting room area. If you spend over $200, you get a free bag.
5	Love this place, it's pricey of course but they always have some kind of discounts going on  ... I had great help today by hailey!! She's awesome ask for her to help she's very knowledgable !
5	I love VS! This store always has the best selections. So... I purchased a jacket at mall of America when I was on vacation in a size small. I saw that this location has a size extra small. I had already ripped the tags off and did not have the receipt. The store manager, Melissa, was very friendly and did the even exchange for me even without tags and a receipt. Excellent customer service!!! :) Also, the free panty coupons are a plus.
1	It was so disorganized and none of the employees knew what was going on. Took 45 minutes to check out and the cashier was extra rude. Sticking to the town square location for sure!
5	Great store and great employees.I admit, I am not a Victorias Secret shopper, but the hubby convinced me to go and I am really glad I did. The whole experience was great. The employees were super helpful and really knew their stuff.The best part was the fitting rooms,  I loved the way they ran them. There was a super nice person (I am terrible at names, so sorry) who is in there the whole time asking how things fit and recommending different bras based on what you like or don't like about the one you tried. They bring you "try on" bras, and then they write the info down on a card that you take to an employee who gets you a nice new one to purchase. There are little buttons you can push to call the employee to your room, and they even went and got my husband for me when I wanted him to check out the different bras, just very good customer service overall, and definitely made me spend more money than I would have otherwise, so it works, lol!I ended up purchasing enough to get a free bracelet, which was cute and a nice perk. The checkout employee was also very nice, so really a good experience from beginning to end. So happy I let the hubby convince me to check them out :-)
1	Weird  Experience. Manager was so weird,  I wanted exchanging a pair of under wear, they were wrong size for me, she asked if I wore it, I said 'no'. THEN SHE SNIFFED THEM, aahh gross. My husband laughed so hard. and asked if that's there new policy. She got so mad and called secruity to follow us.. other then that, there busy, crowed all the time. I like the new Summerlin location. Its dead all the time, so more merchandise. No lines.. win win.
