4	This is the utopia of TJ Maxx's.  The store was cleanly laid out with everything organized. It almost felt as if I was in an upscale department store with the way everything was laid out!Usual TJ Maxx prices, and the lines were't long at all! This will definitely be on my list of places to shop next time I'm in town.
5	Matt and Nat on clearanceYoga Pants less than 10 bucksSeven Jeans almost freeFendi Sunglasses on clearanceHome Goods connected to this TJ MaxxThings where they are supposed to be.I'm here a lot.
5	I've been shopping here since they opened and I'm definitely a regular.  All the items are easy to find despite the size of this store.  Parking is great.  Good southwest location.  Prices are awesome.  They sell a good amount of stuff for the entire family.I also like how they're connected to Home Goods.
3	I'm reviewing TJ Maxx because on my Yelp home page it sits over there as a reminder that I've checked in here before and please review. I feel bad for it because I keep passign it up. So guilt got the best of me today. I'm not a regular at TJ Maxx. I like Marshalls better, but the few times I have come into TJ Maxx, I have found a few good items. Mainly gym clothes. I will say that this is by far the cleanest and most well organized TJ Maxx I have ever been to, so props to the staff on that one.
5	The inventory changes so much, you practically have to come here every day.    I'm addicted to the Home Goods department.
5	I'm The staff is, well pretty scarce especially when you need some kind of assistance but it's never really busy when I go here so I guess that I could understand that lol. The selection here is pretty good in the Home Goods section and I say that based on each visit, I usually walk out with something. The clothes and shoes have VERY limited choices. You're better off going to Big Sister Marshalls.
5	This was my first time at this branch of TJX, and what a breath of fresh air!  Usually I shop at Marshall's, because several are close to where I live; I have to travel to get to a TJ's.  But my doctor moved to Warm Springs, so here I was. And this store has every other TJ's beat.  It's big.  It's clean. It's bright. It's well-laid-out, and the check-out line isn't outrageous. Years ago Marshall's used to be the poor cousin to TJX, but in recent times, they have pretty much the same stuff, with Marshall's winning in the shoe selection.  But T.J. Maxx always had a leg up with the jewelry, which Marshall's never had.  And therein lies the danger.  For me.I've got too much.  I always swear I will never buy another piece.  "I'll just look," I said to myself....  And there they were, a beautiful pair of earrings, seductive in their uniqueness, surprisingly priced in this era of precious metal inflation, and just the right length.  They called to me:  "Oh, Sheila G., Sheila G."  And I answered the call.At my follow-up appointment with the doctor, I swore I wouldn't go into T.J. Maxx.  This time I went to Glazier's, and the pastrami-seasoned Boar's Head Turkey will taste great with my new earrings on.
4	One of the better TJ Maxx's I have been to in town. It is combined with a Home Goods, so the square footage of the store is quite a bit larger and it also means that the lines for checkout are that much longer as well. The good thing about this location is that once they noticed that the line was getting extremely long they hurried quite a few more cashiers to the front to alleviate the wait for everyone, which I really appreciated. Nothing like seeing people have a sense of urgency to help others once in a while. The selection was nice and I found quite a few things to purchase from the shoe and handbag section. I didn't spend a lot of time browsing, but look forward to coming back to this location soon and spending more time perusing the racks.
4	No shame in my game- I'm a Maxxanista. I love a good bargain and this store delivers hand over foot. In fact, this TJ Maxx holds an extra dose of double trouble being combined with HomeGoods. Oh me, Oh my.......This store simply is a double headed bargain super-monster.  It is packed to the brim with deals and delights  that are cleanly laid out and thoroughly organized (which is rare at times for other TJ Maxx or Marshalls stores). It is definitely a gem that is hard to escape with solely purchasing what you originally intended. Go ahead, leisurely browse up and down the isles and observe the killer deals for yourself. I promise you won't be disappointed (or empty handed) when you leave.
4	Been to a few TJ Maxx's in town and this is by far the cleanest, most organized one. :) Very friendly workers as well, always smiling and willing to help you. I've found some amazing deals here, such as Michael Kors designer purses, great quality scarves, cardigans and sweaters and a pair of Nikes. I absolutely LOVE the HomeGoods section as well! So many great items for home! Overall, I can spend hours and hours here and have tons of fun. I'm definitely a Maxxinista! :)
4	Without a doubt the nicest TJ Maxx I've ever seen. Always clean, organized, well stocked and well-staffed, it's almost as pleasurable as shopping at a hoity toity fashion boutique at Caesars but without the exorbitant prices. This TJ Maxx is attached to a Home Goods store so it's like shopping two stores under one giant roof. You can use the checkout lanes at either store. You won't find high end labels here but you will find some mid-range designers (Steve Madden, Dooney and Bourke, Ellen Tracy, Ralph Lauren, Kate Spade, Anne Klein, etc.). Part of the fun of these stores is the thrill of the hunt. You'll have to weed through lots of outdated, junky and off-brand merchandise but once you score a Calvin Klein suit for 80% off its retail price tag, you'll be hooked.
3	Not too impressed with the TJ max side, but love home goods! I could spend a solid hour looking through their deals!
4	Need an outfit within the hour from head to toe? Anytime I have ever needed an outfit for a last minute event or dinner, I come here. The prices are great and they always have something that will work! I'm a Maxxinesta!
5	We visited TJ max in the past, but it is the first time at this location. It is connected to Home Goods, which makes it very convinient  . In the two hours we spend there, we were able to get all our holiday shopping. The store is a bigger size and very clean. The way the store is organised is very welcoming and we did not skip an isle.Strongly recomend
5	Did most my Christmas shopping at this  TJMaxx Location.  Went on a shopping spree and checked off most on my Christmas list! When I got home and unloaded my shopping bags, I realized I was missing 1 shopping bag with the delicate lacy dress. Called them right away and notified that I must have left my package. The lady who helped me was Nadia, and the manager's name I think is Laura. They couldn't find my shopping bag but told me to return, & graciously replaced the dress with another one as long as I have the receipt. Talk about customer service!!!& Great deals as always!
