3	This is a contender for the diviest bar in this section of Old Town. It is a toss up between here and Gilligan's, imho. DJ's is much less intentionally trashy, whereas Gilligan's tries to pull off "trashy-chic" so score some extra points for it in that regard. For whatever reason, I kinda like that about it. It also has one of the highest probabilities of showcasing a good old fashioned bar fight. For whatever reason, I've seen more fights here than anywhere else in town (this place nudges out Loco Patron). The drinks here are stiff and the staff doesn't mess around. They are serious about keeping you in line and as wasted as you should be on a given night. So if you're thinking about getting rowdy, this might be a good place to start. Just don't be surprised if you get tossed out for being a little too ambitious with your intentions.
4	Dj's is a great place for a 'breather'.Most definitely a dive bar, but its a great place to go to chill out. Never too crowded but usually a good number of good looking clientle.  Drinks are strong and cheap.  Muuuch better than either place next door.Probably not the best review since I'm usually in a haze.
3	Ah DJs... A Scottsdale bar for when youre not feeling so Scottsdale.  Wear whatever and stroll on in, you'll still be the hottest thing in there.  Located next to Mulligans (and DrinkX, as if anyone goes there) on Stetson in Old Town, DJs can be a great place to tie one on before heading down the way to more pretentious (and much more expensive) Scottsdale hangouts like Six or PCL.  Drinks are strong, and theres pool and darts and whatnot.  Definitely decent for a dive bar, if thats your thing, which mine isnt.  It does have an ATM in there if you need cover for Mulligans.
4	Head to DJs when you want to escape the Scottsdale scene. This non-Scottsdale bar in Scottsdale is waaaay laid back and sits between Mulligan's (formerly Maloney's) and Drinx in the downtown area. I wouldn't call it a dive bar as Emily pointed out (try The Rogue or Mardi Gras for dives!), but it's certainly a no-frills kind of joint. Drinks are cheap and the bartenders will even give your FROSTY mugs to enjoy your beer in, which is awesome on the hot summer nights. And even though you're not in a hoppin' club in downtown, you're still sure to see hot guys and gals hanging out here.
2	Let me count the reasons I hate Scottsdale....1. Generic plasticine parasitic pretentious people  (the 4 Ps)2. Old Town (probably the lamest place on Earth and I have be to Normal IL.)3. Manicured storm gutters (yes, they even clean the storm gutters)4. Unecessary road paving (when the roads are completely fine)5. The weather (I know Scottsdale is to blame for the heat in the desert, it's the sun reflecting off all the botox injected faces, which increase the temperature beyond any tolerable level)Enter DJs of Scottsdale. Its div-esque, yes, and almost trying a little to hard to stand out in the midst of the ever present "cheese" that is Old Town.  Now if you're looking for a Non-Scottsdale experience, leave Scottsdale. Go to Phoenix, or Tempe, or better yet, just leave this state.   I personally don't recommend anything in Old Town, but if the Devil came up to me and said "you have one place to spend Eternity in and it HAS to be in Old Town Scottsdale, what place will you choose?"  I'd say to him, "Lucifer, tough call, but I'll take DJs"POOF of smoke.... my eternal damnation has begun, what to do, what to do.....good thing they serve Guinness and have Video Golf.
4	Average old-school dive - it feels like something from Ohio (which is what some people love). DJ's is an "oasis of normality" in the middle of some of Scottsdale's clubiest clubs... Go here to drink and drink a lot. $2 fireballs!
5	One drink got me drunk.  Five stars
2	Nothing special or clean about the decor.Flat soda made the drinks taste like shit.Strong drinks, but questionable whether or not that was actually Bacardi in that bottle.Some dude was interrupting his very public makeout session with his girlfriend (or hook-up) every so often just so he could spit his chew saliva on the floor in front of us.Some other dude was notable for having the most impressive sweaty pit stains on record.I think we were there during the annual sausage festival... though one of the few girls that was there looked like a dude cross dressing as Tina Yothers from Family Ties.Another girl was an aggressive looking butchy lass who spent the whole night killing zombies or whatever on this shotgun video game.Aside from that game, seemed like there wasn't much else to do besides sit and drink.On the plus side, the service behind the bar was quite good... they were on top of their shit. The drinks weren't very cheap, but they were strong (as I said). They have a tiny patio and there are plenty of places to sit.I hated it, but it's probably a decent place to get drunk. Given the location, it's more prone to the kind of people I'd rather avoid than other dive bars in So Sco. I've been exactly once though, so it's probably a different experience on any other given night. I probably won't be back though.
3	DJ's is a great bar to grab a drink if you are looking to get hammered without an atmosphere.  I have found it to be worth little in any sense other than that.  With that being said, ordering a mixed drink and getting it in a pint glass reminded me of the good old days in Madison; I tend to be a quick drinker and the less times heading to the bar the better.
4	So I was out in Scottsdale early on a Thursday night.. where to go? Well we just wanted to be drinking, so I looked up dive bars on Yelp (this being Old Town Scottsdale I didn't expect anything wonderful). Well I was surprised when we ended up at DJ's.The guy at the door was half way through Braveheart, so that should tell you pretty much all you need to know about the place. There were about 4 people in the whole bar, a sad little Marlboro dispenser with a tv screen that kept playing ads with cowboys on horses - hello how sad for someone that wants a cigg at the bar! It must be torture for some people.  They had a few HDTVs playing golf, so you could see each drop of sweat on Tiger Wood's face - literally you could! I don't really enjoy such things.Well I ordered a Cran Vodka, and it was standard fair... you know with the cranberry juice, that is unnaturally red... like Hawaiian Punch brand red. Well it was decent, not too strong but not weak I suppose. Then after having been whining earlier about how I couldn't do shots, I did one of Absolute LA. I had wanted to try it since I love Acia. But I usually hate flavored vodka, even blueberry, so it could have been awful. But it wasn't, especially since the bartender shook it in ice before hand.Overall, we got drunk and they didn't charge us an arm or a leg! A great save, thank you mobile Yelp.
4	I lived at DJ's for the entirety of 2005. Seriously.  I was there everyday.  Doc and Mikey are great guys, as are all the other servers. They make the drinks strong here. One or two will knock you on your ass. Ask Mikey for "that purple thing" he makes. We called it a 'Grimace'.It is a good place to meet someone at 1:45 AM.Once I was there right before they had to 'bomb" the place for roaches, (don't worry they covered all the glasses with a plastic tarp.) This is not a place to take a date. This is not a place to grab a bite to eat. You cannot have an intimate conversation. This is a place to get drunk and make out in the ladies room.
4	A cool dive bar with a cool atmosphere.  No pretentiousness here.  They make this cocktail with ice tea (not a Long Island) that hits you when you have had 2...or 3 of them.Recommended any time!
5	One of the oldest bars in Scottsdale, not much has changed in the last 35 years.  The best drinks in town served in pint glasses with a strong pour!  So stop in and get more bang for your buck. This is the place for real people who want real drinks! Don't forget to stop in for lunch as the food is better then you'd ever believe.  Best Burger in Scottsdale!
5	Recently turning 35 years old DJ's is the 2nd oldest bar in Scottsdale, Real Drinks with Real People! Not that the preppyness of Scottsdale isn't welcome your attitude was checked at the door. If your looking for good drinks at a great price this is your place. Great to stop in for a shot and a drink before the club, as you'll spend half the price. Don't be surprised, but lunch is amazing best burger in town, great for hangovers too. A good burger and a couple good bloody mary's will get you back on top like the night never ended. This is the place to not be seen, but to hang out drink and have a great time with friends! There is a reason why people have been coming back for 35 years!Not to mention they usually serve all the way until 2!
4	This is a comfortable dive. I come here for the strong drinks. There is this tea-flavored vodka that they mix with a squirt of lemonade... you tend to forget that there's booze in it. And then you try to stand up and walk and you fail. Dude.
4	Now this place is not for everyone. This is a dive bar through and through. That is what makes the place great. I work in the area and go in there when ever I start to feel down on my life. The regular customers can make the biggest loser realize that their life could be worse, they could be a DJ's regular. You can hangout here and not worry about being around a scottsdale crowd. My friends and I love the no no sense service and the fact that they have big buck hunter. If you like dive bars or are just feeling down about your life be sure to check out DJ's.
2	"College Vomit Bar" is the word my friend used to describe this place.  I can't think of a more appropriate comparison myself.  Smells like a toilet, boring, stale atmosphere, gross tasting drinks, grimy patrons.  Why this place has been open so long is beyond me.  Maybe it's a front for the Russian Mafia, I don't know.  This place is dirty, always empty, blasts Nickleback or P.O.D. and the like from the jukebox (not sure they have one actually) and features a meager dart board for its customers' entertainment.  Whoever runs this place hasn't spent a dime on improving the place since it opened and it shows.  So one might ask why they charge so much for their foul-tasting drinks as they do.   It only gets two stars from me---one star for not being a typical shiny shirt Scottsdale joint, and the other star for good bar service.
3	How can I not review a staple dive in Old Town and one that I've spent many a night in over the years? To some, DJ's is like Cheers...everyone knows your name. At least it was for me when I first moved to Scottsdale. For some reason the Wildcats deemed this one of their bars away from college so I gladly accepted it and ran with it. Years later, the Wildcats frequent DJ's less, but I still think it's pretty darn fun for an occasional night of a dive, cheap drinks and Big Buck Hunter. DJ's is just a typical dive bar. It's not fancy and it doesn't look like Mr. Clean, but they do what they promise; they offer cheap drinks in a decent setting for local bar goers. For a dive, can you ask for more? Oh you want games you say? They have those too. They have Big Buck Hunter and another one -- maybe Golden T? Did I also mention the drinks are cheap and stiff? So in summary, DJ's makes my list of dive bars when I want a casual night out with friends. It's also a good spot to begin or end the night. The staff is friendly and you'll get your drink in a reasonable time as well.
4	You know the drill. You are out with your crew. You want to go some place chill. Wearing shorts and flip flops. You don't really want to douche it up with your jeans, nice shoes and your black (or white) v neck. DJ's is the place to go. Drinks are cheap and strong. On most nights, there is some sort of a drink special, and you are in a good place if you want to have a good night out, without spending a ton of dough.I would rate this one of the better dive bars in Scottsdale, because it's not as grody as places like Gilligin's (but I love Gilligin's, so whatevs). The outside patio is nice too, provided that it's not too hot. Make sure you sit by the railing though, because this is where the magic happens. You can see the hot messes walking around Scottsdale from places like Shotgun Betty's and Revolver. Who knows? Maybe you will get lucky and make a new friend for the evening? Or...you'll strike jackpot and get the herp from a Scottsdale bottle rat that was denied entry somewhere because her tan was too orange.Whatever the case, this is a fun place to chill, catch up with friends and have a good time.
4	I checked this spot out for the first time on New Year's Eve because 1) I didn't want to wait in any lines 2) this place looked like a good spot to grab some cheap drinks and 3) the ladies we were with couldn't wait any longer and were feeling neglected. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED. We stepped right in and commenced with the first of many rounds of $7 Patron shots. The bartenders were cool and attentive. The crowd was a little older but definitely fun that night. Definitely will be back.
4	I'm not sure if it's me getting older, or everyone else in Scottsdale getting younger, but it's more of a headache than anything to doll up and go to Old Town these days.The last few times I braved it though I stopped by DJ's and it helped to drown out the background of "Old Town Snottsdale"DJ's is very relaxed, no heels needed, and the prices are great, or normal at the least. Not $10 a beer like everywhere else. It is hard to get past the crowed and the 30 minute find a parking sport ordeal, but if you can survive all that, make sure to hit up DJ's, great drink prices, great patio, clean restrooms..... AND they even have a back door for easy access *tee-hee* from the parking garage.
4	Love this place! It's a great change from the usual Old Town vibe. You can wear whatever; you don't need to be dressed up or for the dudes, douch-tastic. The crowd is awesome and the drinks are cheap and yummy. If you check in on some of the apps, you can find cheap drink specials. And girls: awesome tip - the bathroom mirrors are fantastic! I always go check myself out there lol.
4	It's a great place to go when you don't want to deal with the typical old town scene.  They have Big Buck Hunter and other awesome games.  Everyone is friendly
5	Friendly bartenders and BEST Dive Bar in Old Town! No skimping on these drinks!
1	Terrible music, terrible drinks (at first they were very watered down, when I said something, they made my second drink FAR too strong to drink).  Not worth the high prices.
5	DJs is the kind of place you can go to with no pretenses or pretension. Very, very rare in old town. The drinks are well priced and strong, and the patio is one of the BEST places to people watch in old town. It's a great place to start your night with a few drinks an a shot before you bar hop, and a great place to end your night after you've met your next ex girlfriend and want to take her somewhere away from the club scene. I highly recommend this place if you like chill places, people watching, or talking about sports with bartenders.
5	For a Saturday night I was surprised how awesome the service was.  I feel bad I don't remember all the bar tender names, I remember Carly because she was our main bar tender.  However, there was another taller gentleman & attractive lady bartender working there too.  They were all really cool.  We definitely tipped the bar good that night.Lastly, I will admit, I am more of a bar guy, not a clubber, so for me this place was a great hangout to do some drinking.
4	DJ's is probably the armpit of Old Town...and I like it (not that I have an armpit fetish or anything, but you get the idea)!It doesn't have all the fancy (and for the most part overrated) bells & whistles a lot of the other bars in this area have, which makes it unique. Yes, it's a dive. Yes, it could probably using a good scrubbing. Yes, it offers cheap drinks. I'll take that last one every day of the week (especially on the weekends). In all honestly, I can (kind of) "get" going to some of the nicer bars in Old Town for birthdays, graduations, etc. That being said I think DJ's is a great spot to pop in at for a few rounds to get away from the crowds. It's pretty spacious (there's also a patio) & you can get drinks pretty quickly. If I'm out celebrating these things are important to me, which is why I really like DJ's.
5	Friendly staffStrong drinks Reasonable pricesAnd best of all No attitudes or douche bags
3	This dive joint is okay, nothing too noteworthy or anything, but it's average. Drinks are cheap and STRONG! I do tip well, because of this. :)One male bartender (don't know name) is a roided-out douche-lord donning an Ass-liction shirt which is 3 sizes too small, and seems to be texting his little lover on his cell rather than assisting his thirsty patrons! Once I got his attention, he let out a sigh/grunt that he had to "do his job". LOL. Booo!Overall, very comfortable and aggressively unpretentious!
4	One of my favorite dive bars in Scottsdale.  Service is always great and beers are always cheap and cold.
4	DJ's is bar far my favorite bar in OtoSco (that's short hand for Old Town Scottsdale, squares). It's not pretentious, it's not packed, and the music doesn't drown out conversation. 1 star docked because parking in OtoSco effing sucks (not their fault) and also because there is still a stray douche bag or two that wanders in from time to time (can't you guys start macing them?).
5	How can anyone not like this bar?A bar where you hear yourself think & talk with friends when it's still busy. I have been coming here for years and my drinks are always strong & I always enjoy talking to the bartenders. Always a lot of laughs, great guys! Lunch is a hidden gem here, the boys know how to use the grill well ! Doc made one the most impressive bacon cheese burgers I have ever had:) St. Pattys day their corn beef is top notch! Mike & Doc always tell me what's the new beer or booze they have- 99.9% I become a huge fan of it!It's a dive bar, but a comfortable one. Bathrooms are always clean, not too many annoying people. Its  really great for locals to let loose!
5	I've been waiting 3 years to write this. Best bar ever in old town. Family vibe all around in this joint. Jonesy is the best bartender hands down. He always knew right when I walked in to hit me with a cold Bud heavy and a shot of fireball. Plus he listened to all our work drama and even had specials for us. Nice little patio for smoking and the good is great too. Patty melt, Chicago dog, quesadilla I could go on forever and I would, but let's be real I don't have that kind of time.Great selection of beer, wine and hard alcohol. Nice porch to toke down a few cigs and classic arcade games to enjoy whole sipping on a cocktail or two with your friends.Needless to say, DJs is one of Scottsdale's best establishments.
4	suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuch a dive bar in Old Town, which is refreshing!! My husband and I even took the after party of our wedding down to DJs ... what a sight we were --  my wedding gown, tuxes, and dresses galore taking over the bar.  I've been there a few times otherwise and service is always good and beer is cheap :)
5	Love DJs!! Is it a hole in the wall!?! Yes, but Doc the bartender is awesome.  Always welcoming and pours great drinks! No frills, always a good time bar!
5	3 reasons why DJ's deserves 5 stars:1) Owner is the nicest guy in town2) Quesadillas are awesome 3) Miss Pacman machine'Nuff said.
