5	This is one of 4 Best Chinas in Metro Charlotte. This one has been voted as one of the top 100 Chinese restaurants in the country the past two years by critics and consumers. They also received a perfect score on a blind visit from one of the critics. They opened right around the time we moved to Fort Mill, and we go at least every couple of weeks, and sometimes more often. This is the only location to have recently switched from serving large, dinner size portions, to smaller, but less expensive dinner combos. That being said, most dinner combos are still a healthy size and include rice and a egg roll or crab rangoon for about $6. They also put out coupons everywhere, so we usually have a complete meal including tip and drinks for about $15-16 for two people. The food quality is very good, the service is very friendly, and they actually serve the best iced tea I have ever had.  The dine-in area is nice with carpeted floors and nice ceiling fans.  Their sanitation grades are also always good: http://www.scdhec.gov/health/envhlth/food_protection/scores_results.asp?resultsThis really is a hidden gem.  I have been to the one in Matthews too and that one was also very good.  The menu lacks some Americanized dishes, so don't come here forr egg foo yung or chop suey.
5	this place has great lunch specials! They also give you a lot of food. I don't think i've ever finished my whole plate. Its also another place that is minutes from my house. They're also very quick; pickup and delivery. I love their dumplings, they're huge!
3	Food was good.  Used a coupon from an advertisement. Was misleading lunch was more than expected when the owner finished adding up my bill.  Buy one Get one.  I don't think so!!!
1	this was the most horrifyingly bad restaurant I have been to in quite a long time.  I was wanting some good Chinese food and was in the Charlotte area, so I checked my geoqupons and checked Yelp (this place got 4 stars) and off we went.  First off, they did not accept the coupon, said it had to be printed out, get with the program and join the 21st Century.  Now let's get to the food, the dumplings were huge sure, but that was just because they were coated in so much dough that the meager fillings were barely able to be found.  The Hunan Beef, described as spicy, was weak with barely a hint of bite and the Cashew Chicken is at best a bit of dishwater with a few nuts thrown in.  The fried rice was flavourless as well, and the only hint that it was even fried were a few sparse bits of egg.  The prices were low but I still felt completely ripped off as it wasted my time to even go there in the first place.  As a final straw, before we left, the waiter mistook my boyfriend's iced tea for water and topped it off accordingly.  Avoid at all costs!
1	This place was absolutely horrible.  Why, for the fact I was one of 3 other patrons eating and service was slow as molasses.  I ordered some wings and pork fried rice.  The wings were frozen straight to the fryer no flavor.  The rice was the bottom of the pot scrapped up to make a plate.  I even spoke to the attendant mentioning the food is bland and taste old.  I was truly disappointed in spending my money here.   Take your money elsewhere.
