5	What a Experience!!! If you are a NASCAR fan like me, then you cannot pass up the opportunity to do this. I was given a certificate to do the Kings Experience at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway. It consists of 18 laps behind the wheel of a real stock car.When you arrive at the track, and you fill out  the liability forms, you are placed in your real racing suit and you see the normal safety video. Since there are only 20 people in the class at one time, you are split up into groups of five with an instructor. Your instructor then does a walk-around the actual stock car you will be driving. Then you get into a nice air-conditioned van which drives around the track to give you pointers on where your driving line should be on the track and other helpful tips.Next comes the best part, driving the cars!!!  Each student gets to driver there own vehicle. They control your speed on the track by the student has to follow the instructor in his car. As you pull out onto the track, you just follow what the instructor does. As he goes faster, so do you. In you first session, you complete 8 laps and come back in. After you get out of your car, the instructor goes over your driving, gives your lap times and give you any instructions on how to improve. After that, you get to go out again for another 10 laps at higher speeds. If you instructor feels you can go faster, he will increase his speed. The only problem is that they will not let you go over 140mph!!Once you complete your 10 laps, you pull back into the pits and finish up. After the class is completed, they have a little graduation ceremony which everyone receives a nice looking certificate and a printout of all of you lap times.Everything about this experience was top-notch. The instructors, facilities and equipment where excellent. The souvenir shop that they have have a nice assortment of things to purchase to help you commemorate your experience.Some might think that $799.00 is to expensive for this kind of experience. You are wrong!! I am already saving up for the next time I go to Las Vegas because if you are a NASCAR fan like me, it is well worth it.If you don't want to spend that kind of money, they do have a ride-along program. For $99, you get 3 laps in the passenger seat with a professional driver at 180mph.
5	Chris is a great host, teacher and entertainer.Be aggressive: this ain't highway drivin' and you can trust your lead cars since they have probably dealt with worse drivers than you. :-)If you can, get the #20 car, as it's much easier to handleIt's a 3 hour course, so bring a snack or the post-driving hoop-jumpery will starve you to death.
5	Just got back from Vegas. I got my gf the Experience of a Lifetime package with 30 laps. She had a great time. Everyone there was really nice, the signs leading the way there were great and the whole process was a blast.
5	I was fortunate enough to be invited to the Richard Petty Driving Experience about a month ago. It was the coolest thing I've ever done in Vegas and trust me I have seen allot of Vegas. I got to go about 140 mph on the track in the car by myself. This wasn't just a ride along deal, I got to drive the car following a professional driver. If you ever get the chance to do this you will remember it for the rest of your life!
4	Need a little bit of an adrenaline kick and the night club scene and red bull vodkas aren't quite doing it? I'd suggest the "Driving Experience." Having driven some pretty fast cars in my time, I can tell you that there's nothing like the ride you'll experience in one of these nascars. My balls were in my stomach and I almost screamed like a little girl when the rubber hit the tarmac and we were going 160mph+.  I loved the experience of it! Except the part where you "gear up"..if you crashed into a wall at 160+, will the gear really help? (I dont mean to sound grim). Anyways, it felt short because at 3 laps and less than 1 minute each, that makes the whole experience only a few minutes! =(.I would definitely keep going back if I could afford it though...hopefully next time from the driver's seat though. =D
5	BEST adrenaline rush of my life!Very well organized with friendly and funny staff! Being a girl who has a need for speed I was ready for this & pumped,..til reality set in as I hiked my ass through the window & into drivers seat & being strapped in head & all. I forgot all the stuff I learned in the brief course before because of my high but I winged it. Quickly realized I was insane for wanting to do this as I sped away alone & nothing separating me and my body from smashing into the wall except for the I was in 100% control of...no coach in car, no radio head set to guide me, and no plastic bumpers lime in bumper cars to keep me from crashing. You feel like you are tailing your pace car and though you get the green signal to get closer & sped your slow ass up it still feels insane to go against your gut. As you are racing you have no time to look at your speed (not even sure there's an odometer) & no time to see where your friends are either watching or racing. All you can do is death grip the wheel, foot what feels like death force on the gas, and cuss out loud. I swear you are going soo fast it feels like there are no straight aways & you never get comfortable with the speed. Less than 10 mins later I all ends. I sadly only got up to 125...sad because I could've gotten up to 135 mph. A must do in Vegas...not too far...way fun...worth every Benjamin you spend or speed.
5	Just got back from Las Vegas!!!  I went to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on January 17th to do the ride along.  We got picked up at Harrah's by Steve and taken to the track.  We were able to go in the garage and look at the cars up close and talk to the mechanics.  Then off to the track where we went under the track into the infield.  Just amazing to be on the infield area with all the stock cars flying around the track. The ride along was the most exhilarating experience of my life.  I enjoy attending the races but I am not a crazy race fan but if you love fast cars and memorable experiences then you have to try this.  The power of the cars and the speed in the corners is absolutely mind wrenching.  I got to go 165 mph and when it was over (1.5 mins) I could hardly walk from the adrenaline.  I am already planning to take part in the driving experience here in Charlotte, NC as soon as possible.I would like to thank Steve, our guide and the whole crew at Las Vegas Motor Speedway for a once in a lifetime experience!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Our second ride around a track with Richard Petty Racing. We have done Fontana, and Vegas now. This track is drastically different from Fontana, and both are really fun for different reasons. Turn 3 and 4 are the highlights at Las Vegas.
5	Now I have done a ton of really cool things in my  life but this takes the cake!   The rush of having that much power and speed at your finger tips was amazing.I did the rookie experience so I got to do 8 laps at Las Vegas Motor Speedway the day after the race and was AWESOME!  Seriously I am addicted now and just want to do more and more.   I think my next stop will be Daytona!Yes, this is short review compared to my normal ones but only one word can describe this....AMAZING!  Thank you!
5	I got my husband the 8 lap Rookie driving experience and myself the ride-a-long as part of a 20th Anniversary trip.  Even though the entire trip was wonderful, this was clearly the highlight.  This is a first class operation from the word GO.  We were picked up by our shuttle driver/ tour guide/concierge extraordinaire Brad who really went above and beyond what I would have expected to make sure that my experience was as great as my husbands.  The crew, drivers, and coaches were all super friendly & clearly knew exactly what they were doing...I can't say there was a single hiccup in the on-site operation.  We weren't done for 10 minutes before my hubby was talking about getting the 30 lap upgrade next time.  We no more than walked in our door when we got home and my husband was watching the well done video of his drive for the first of what has now been who knows how many times.  This was truly an all time great experience.  Also, as a side note, I saw a review that claimed that you were not allowed to go above 130 mph, and wanted to state that that was clearly a misunderstanding.  You are allowed to go as fast as your skill level & the non-restricter (sp) plate car will allow.  The in car coach can cut your horses back if you are clearly driving beyond your abilities, but otherwise it's up to you.  My husband was in the high 130's and another gentleman in his group was into the 140's, while a fellow in the 30 lap group hit the upper 150's.
4	I've got to say.. I have done some pretty cool/adrenaline-type/adventure stuffs and while this doesn't beat skydiving over Lake Wanaka or Bungy Jumping over the Shotover river in Queenstown; it is not trailing far behind. I booked a Rookie Tour with the guys at the Richard Petty Driving Experience and my mates got himself a ride-along with one of their drivers; and we both loved it. It was great fun.The Rookie Tour is basically you at the wheel of a 600 HP Nascar Race car w/ an experienced driver in the seat next to you and he guides and makes sure that you don't kill yourself during the 8 laps that you're allowed to do at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway. I really liked the whole experience - they pick you up at a pre-determined location on the strip, drive you out to their shop (where you learn a bit about their story and how they do things & you can also get photos with some of their really cool cars) then to the Vegas Speedway, get you geared up and show you a safety video. Then you head to the track and wait your turn to race. There are some really cool cars along the track where you can get shots.... Bumblebee was there!The only letdown is that you are only allowed to do 8 laps, which goes really really fast! It's quite pricey (I paid about $650) but worth doing if you in Vegas - the guys are very nice and they make sure that you have a great time!
5	What a great day to go over 150 Mph. Coolest Vegas Experience yet. Ever. Crew Chief Anthony and driver instructor Art and the team all made the day unforgettable.I've never met The King, but If I did, I'm sure he would invite me to race him and I'd give him a run for his money in Vegas with this great team.The Richard Petty Driving Eperience - 30 Laps - is the way to go. I'm going to do this from now on every time I return to Vegas.
4	I actually thought we would go a little faster but it was fast enough. The main thing is that averaging a little over 40 seconds per lap, time goes by pretty fast. Had fun, glad I did it but one time is enough. It says 155 in ad but I think that must be for ride-a-long. The fastest in our group of about 10 was 136mph
5	Had a fantastic time!  Everyone was super nice and accommodating. Even had cookies and coffee available while we waited. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a nascar experience.
5	Javier Clemente, Most caring instructor I know, helped me passd my road test with all understanding and concern, U.S. Auto school need to hire more people like him, Thanks Richard Petty Driving Experience.
5	I went to Richard Petty Driving Experience to take 2 driving lessons. The 2 lessons were pretty good because they taught me things I didn't know. They helped me passed the road test and their service was great.
5	My husband is a Nascar fan so when our family vacation in Vegas landed on his birthday, I decided to suprise him with a RPDE ride along. He had the best time! I was expecting that the preparation process would be time consuming but it was very easy. the racetrack was easy to find and the RPDE trailer inside the racetrack was also easy to find.  They allow family members to hang out in the pit area and watch,too.  The kids loved seeing daddy in a fire suit and watching him go arount the race track in a real race car.  Totally worth the money.  He wants to do the driving program next.
