3	Hit or miss with customer service... but they always seem to be open when I need them and that makes my heart happy (and coming back for more)
4	The customer service is phenomenal at this Jack-In-the-Box. Anita who works drive-thru along with a few others is always ready to please and friendly. I eat here only around twice a month because it is fast food and I am not a huge fan of putting fried grub in my belly. I have had the breakfast Jack sandwich which is always hot and fresh. I normally stop in for lunch once or twice a month and get the jumbo Jack with cheese which is good. Their milkshakes are also good but too filling to have with any other item on the menu. Make sure to ask for a Jack card. It earns you free food off the menu over time. If you enjoy JIB often it pays to get hooked up with a Jack card!
2	Take Three on the breakfast prego craving.  Since I was already on McDowell and work in Old Town Scottsdale...I decided to drive over the hill and hit up this Jack In The Box.  I order at the drive-thru this morning a small Strawberry Banana Smoothie.  "That will be $3.xx, please pull up to the window."   SWEET!!!  I'm getting my breakfast smoothie!!   I get to the window and am told.  Its not ready.  It will be in 15 minutes.  I say thanks and drive off .  SERIOUSLY!??!Again, you'd think that with a 24hr drive-thru operation that they'd have an item ready that would more likely than not, be consumed during breakfast hours!!Must be a company policy or something to not have the smoothie machines up, running, and ready to go before 6am.   Jack - You SUCK!
3	When JIB ran commercials advertising their Bonus Jack ($2.99) on a limited time basis, I had to pop in to give it a try.  It's their version of the Big Mac.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jack-in-the-box-scottsdale-4?select=El2w7Gl46-TF__ax-4xgTA#El2w7Gl46-TF__ax-4xgTAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jack-in-the-box-scottsdale-4?select=u-RBx7AJL2PEM67ZU_VGYw#u-RBx7AJL2PEM67ZU_VGYwIt's an OK Burger...not addicting like the Big Mac.  Or maybe it's because I'm not 10 yrs old and my taste buds are over it...?  At least this restaurant location is clean.  Other than that, a pretty average fast food joint.Return Factor - 50%
4	It's a Jack-In-The Box. I don't eat here very often for myself, but my dad likes it and I go through the drive-thru quite a bit to get him breakfast since he's handicapped and doesn't drive. What I like: 1) It's never crowded. There's never a line. They don't make mistakes. 2) They actually have good customer service. There's a woman who's often at the drive-thru in the mornings that's particularly pleasant, and I've been known to laugh at her jokes occasionally. And hey, I've been known to get a breakfast croissant occasionally (I'm only human), and although they're greasy, I can't deny they're tasty...
2	The perfect spot in less than a mile from my house when I can't drive because I've been out all night.  I'm not saying you won't feel it the next morning, but look - we have all been here.  I mean you've seen the commercials...and if you haven't been to Jack in the Box it's time to re-evaluate how you're living, or not living. You're not going to have the best burger that you've ever had...you're not.  It is going to cure your hunger and make you regret it the next day.  This is too close to my house so I'll be back.
4	Decent Jack in the Box. Friendly service. Relatively quick. Frequent often and have enjoyed the munchies.
4	My experience is good service and enjoy the food.Lobby often needs attention. They offer some things that others don't or not all day such as breakfast items.
