4	I look forward to this festival every year when Spetember rolls around.  It's held in a nice intimate setting at a lovely Greek Orthodox Church and has all the classic Greek dishes such as: gyros, pastitio, dolmathes, lamb, chicken, baklava, rice pilaf, greek fries, salad, etc.  The entertainment is the best part.  There is a live band that is awesome as well as many dance groups young and old that invite you on the floor and teach you. OPA!  There's also a kid's area with a few attractions like face painting, crafts, a few small rides, etc.  Oh! and let's not forget all the jingle Greek skirts and crafts they have for adults :)
4	The Las Vegas Greek Festival celebrated its annual event during the last weekend of September, taking over from Friday night all the way through Sunday.  2010 was their 37th year! A busy weekend of festivals for Las Vegas!This is a serious festival that is well organized and definitely has its share of experience in running a successful event.  First off, the location is on the St. John the Baptist Greek Orthodox Church grounds.  They do offer tours of the church on some of the festival days, which is a nice way to learn a little bit about the history of the church and check out the inside.The festival has your typical ethnic eats - a map lays out where everything is offered and you can take your pick of trying something new or something you're already familiar with.  (My suggestion is to order a bunch of different things and share it all - so you can try it all!)  Be sure to hit up the dessert section too - my favorite was the chocolate baklava! Entertainment - Laid out on the grassy areas are plenty of tables and chairs for the ongoing entertainment.  There is also a designated kids area, making this event super family-friendly.  Of course, all the attractions do cost a fee.Vendors - They have more traditional ethnic booths selling their Greek-related wares, and those other random timeshare vendors too.  (You just can't escape those ones in Vegas!)  A quick look at the vendors doesn't hurt anyone! Parking - There is residential parking in the neighborhood (you need to get there early to take advantage of any of these spots), but they also have shuttle buses available so parking is available in designated lots a bit further away!  Talk about organized! We hit up the festival on Friday night, which was perfect this time of year with the extreme heat going on.  It was THE perfect evening to hang out, and for many, with a bottle of wine purchased at the festival.  I'd definitely recommend going in the evening for dinner and wine! Admission was $6 for adults, but free for children 12 and under and free for active duty military and their families.  They have a lot of lines open, so there should be no wait getting in.Overall, this was a new experience for me since it was my first time hitting up this festival.  It's definitely better than some of the other cultural festivals in town.  Keep your eyes and ears out for next September!
4	This isn't the most useful review in the world since the Greek Food Festival was last September, but I caught that Teri C recently reviewed it, so why not.I used to live in the area back in 1999. I remember always seeing signs for the Greek Food Festival, but never made it out until last year. I like the fact that it's a smaller event with a cheaper entrance fee ($6). It doesn't have the same ride carnival atmosphere as San Gennaro, but I'm fine with that. I'm here for the food anyway. On that front, the GFF provides a good selection. I ended up having:* Dolmathes Plate. Beef and rice rolled up in grape leaves. I could eat these all day.* Spanakopitas. Filo dough stuffed with various ingredients.* Ouzorita. Margarita made with Ouzo for that Greek twist. It was OK.* Pistachio-topped Baklava. Delicious as expected.* Bogatsa. Custard and cheese within layers of filo dough. Yummy without being too sweet (in contrast to Baklava).Logistically, the festival is well run. Most people will park on the street, but fortunately the organizers have provided convenient shuttle buses that will take you from farther parking areas to the church. I like that the festival is hosted by the St. John the Baptist Greek Orthodox Church. It really gives it that local community vibe. There is also a large stage area where various musicians were performing. We went kind of early in the afternoon though. I'm guessing the entertainment really picks up closer to sunset.
4	This is a review of the September 2011 edition of the Las Vegas Greek Food Festival. This is the first time I have attended this festival, so I did not know what to expect. Parking looked daunting when my party arrived by car just before 7:00 p.m. on a Friday night. It was bumper to bumper traffic, with diagonal parking spaces on the street in front of St. John's Greek Orthodox Church filled with automobiles. But I got lucky and found an open space across the street from the festival and only a half block away. So, the beginning was auspicious. One indelible memory of this festival is long lines--for just about everything. Even the ticket line to get in snaked 50 persons ahead. But I have to applaud the efficiency of festival organizers, for the large crowd was channeled amongst multiple ticket sellers in such a way that we were through the gates and onto festival grounds in under 15 minutes. But then, after viewing the interior of the beautiful domed church, we ran into more lines, for every type of food sold. Except that most tents were selling only two featured items. This required the application of strategy. For, seats were also hard to come by on the huge expanse of lawn in front of the stage. I reasoned that it made more sense to buy two gyros and Greek Fries in the gyro line rather than get just one, and then have to find an open spot at a table to deposit it, before setting out elsewhere after another dish. At this festival you can't see the food being made before you enter a food line either. You have to trust that the dish will be good. I was relieved to see that the gyros looked very appealing and sizable when I first saw them before I paid $26 for my purchase of two gyros, two Greek Fries, and four small bottles of water. The gyros were filling and excellent in taste, with just a few hints of spice from the seasoned meat and chunks of white onion, and included a Tzatziki Sauce that was as smooth and creamy as the chopped cucumbers and yogurt within it. I probably could have gotten by with just one gyro, but enjoyed the two I had. The Greek Fries were really just medium-cut french fries treated with some special Greek flourishes like juice of a lemon and select spices.  But they were tasty fries! I saw a youth engaged in rock climbing, while other children were playing on a soft slide attraction.  And, I enjoyed listening to live Zorba-type Greek music being played continuously on stage through the evening hours by The Olympians as I finished my meal by sampling warm, sweet, and tasty Loukoumathes (honey puffs), which were made from deep-fried dough balls that had been drenched with honey and cinnamon; and part of a Chocolate Mousse Cake that Diane selected from numerous dessert offerings, and brought to the table to share.All of the food I tried was very good. The companionship of friends and newly met table-mates was pleasant. And, the music in the background added authenticity to the event. As a result, I had a pleasurable time, and enjoyed my 2-1/2-hour stay at this venerable food festival that has now been held annually in Las Vegas for 39 years.
4	Eric R. and I came here for a Saturday night Greek feast and exploration for the 2011 festival.  We parked in the neighborhood north of the church (the parking info on the web did not indicate where the shuttles picked up).Admission is $6 per adult/free for military.  We wandered inside to music, vendors, and happily munching people.  The map in the brochure was very helpful.  We started off with 3 dolmathes ($5) and spanokpita ($2).  Eric R. was pleased that they did not gouge us by only charging $1 per water (we bought 3 throughout the festival).Next, we happened upon a booth and purchased taramasalata ($5) with pita (Eric never had this before) - when we ran out of pita we ate with our fingers :)  Then we ran into Rob O. and had a nice chat.  There was sporadic rain but nothing crazy, and I had a rainjacket crumpled in my purse just in case.We were still hungry when we received a text from friends by the pastry booth.  We met them there and then Eric R. and I decided to split the dinner plate.  It had even more than advertised on the sign, and was a ton of food for $14: 2 dolmathes, pastitsio, rice, Greek salad, sliced lamb (or quarter chicken), and 2 wheat rolls.  We feasted on this, then were offered desserts from our friends.  Eric tried the baklava with the bird's nest detail, and I sampled the yogurt cake (a Greek tres leches!!!)  In the end we were super-stuffed.  I never quite figured it out but almost every woman and girl at the festival was wearing some belly dancer type metal belt sash and I have no idea if it rained those earlier or not.It was a fun event and fulfilled a Mediterranean craving!
5	AWESOME!!!!!!  Great dancing, good times! :)Text Greek Fest to 90210 for promotions and discounts.
3	2012 event:  I was so excited when I saw the sign for the Greek Festival, I missed ours in San Diego so this was my chance to have some Greek Fun.  I have to give it to them for parking and line control.  But I was really disappointed in the over all layout.  They had a torch lighting ceremony that was way cool, but they were announcing the event and discussing it from the bandstand that was NO WHERE near the torch lighting, very confusing.  A majority of the event is on uneven grassy area that was wet and swampy in some spots, thank God I wore flats to this event or I would have been in dire straits.The musicians I think were brought out of retirement for this event and were sorely off key.  Hard to get excited about joining the dance floor with their music.  I know they didn't have the patronage that they were waiting for because the lines were empty and yet there was no where to sit and eat.  I think people get there early find a table and camp it, not leaving room for the rest of us to enjoy a bite comfortably.Now the food, THE FOOD is the reason to go to this event.  Even the $7 cover charge is worth it, just to get in and pig out.  Everything we had was ON POINT and delicious.  I had a pork pita sandwich that was soooo freaking good and hubby had a lamb chop plate and left nothing on his plate.  Don't forget the Ouzo shots, they are serving a Cambas Ouzo, not my favorite, but not bad either.  They also have a GREAT kids area with lot's of things to keep them occupied.Vendors were a great disappointment for me.  I was really looking forward to finding some Greek import items to take home with me and sadly they really weren't there.  There were lot's of vendors but they didn't have real Greek items.  Also very lacking was the fact that no Greek music was sold here (probably so you wouldn't realize how bad the band is).  There were two vendors that had actual Greek items and the jewerly they had there I was selling back in 1980's in La Jolla at my shop, nothing new, nothing worth taking home and OVER PRICED.Big plus military and their family has free admission, so bring your military ids and save the $7 entrance fee.  Also do not miss the desserts, you have to have to take some home with you.  No guarantees that they will make it home uneaten though, just saying.
4	The Las Vegas Greek Festival is thrown in the backyard of a church, with Greek music playing on a stage, people dressed in traditional outfits, and Greek food -ONLY Greek food - available for purchase.  Are you hearing this, San Gennaro??  Can you please get a clue??!Sorry, I really hate San Gennaro.Anyway, this is definitely one of the better festivals in town.  It sticks with its theme, there are lots of food options, there are lots of vegetarian options, there is tons of seating, and there is plenty of culture on display.  The food is actually reasonably priced unlike most other festivals I've been to.  Everyone working is a volunteer and they are very friendly and helpful.What I enjoy most is that it's not set up like a fair where you roam from booth to booth being forced to eat standing up and feeling like you can never relax and enjoy yourself.  Here, you pick up your food and take a seat at one of the numerous tables set up.  Many people were getting bottles of wine ($16) and just hanging out with friends and enjoying the afternoon.  Next time I think I may have to do this.There are dessert booths at the entry/exit so we like to hit that up on our way out and enjoy some cookies on the ride home.  There are tours of the church available but we always miss them due to timing.  I would love to take a tour since the church is beautiful on the outside alone- I can only imagine how nice it must be inside.  There are also some rides and a rock climbing wall for the kids, but I didn't visit this section.This is a really nice festival to experience Greek culture, enjoy time with family and friends, and relax for the evening.  This is even a great place to bring your kids- they loved the chance to dance like crazy people to the music.Sadly, they charge an entry fee like the other festivals in town.  That is the only downside.Great job by the St John Orthodox Church.  Can't wait to go back next year.
3	2012: hosted by the Greek Orthodox church in town, the LVGreek Fest provided enough music/noise and food to last quite a while.  We ended up here Sunday night and the place was still hopping.  Getting through the entrance queue was pretty smooth and all of the food queues in which we waited moved fairly quickly as well.  We were not overjoyed to pay a $7 cover per person -- what do you get for that?? -- and the food, while good, was overpriced.  Not a surprise, but reality bites as they say.  Our Greek fries were yummy and were enthusiastically consumed, our souvlaki was good but a wee bit bland, and the loukoumades (fried dough balls covered in a honey syrup) were sweet and hot and heavy!Lots of vendors selling their wares (jewelry, oils, etc.), including Verizon?  Didn't know they're Greek.  ;)Parking was crazy: if you were one of those blessed by the Greek deity, then you snagged a parking spot right outside the church.  Sadly, we are mere mortals who were not touched by Zeus, so we parked on a residential side street.  (After eating our Greek goods, we were more than happy to burn off a few calories on the way out of the festival!)It's a fun time for sure.  Just expect to spend a bit of time finding a parking space and a lot of money on admission/food/drinks.
5	Gotta say that this year was awesome! Ate too much, laughed a lot, enjoyed great music, watched some great folk dancing, "...and a good time was had by All." Discovered my new favorite dessert, the Baklava Cake. Oh so very light, nutty, moist (actually soft comes to mind more so than moist), creamy, and not as sweet as traditional baklava nor as sticky. I even asked if I could order a whole cake from the bakery but, alas, was told it was made special for the festival. Ah well, that just means I have to keep coming back. Foodwise? Had my favorite Saganaki (pan fried Kasseri cheese with a splash of brandy and a flame), some killer grilled lamb chops (I don't have access to a grill in my condo complex so am a sucker for any meat cooked outside, and this year we did the combo dinner (Lamb or Greek Chicken, Dolmathes, Pastitsio, Greek Salad and Rice Pilaf and a dinner roll). We lucked out timing wise. Friday night there were no long lines for food or fights to find a table. I think most people thought the winds during the day were going to stick around. They didn't, breezeless and beautiful. Saturday brought the Littles so was there at opening and again no lines for food. However, after letting the kids run around the carnival and thinking to get a bit more to nosh on; found each line way too long and some even looped around. Ah well, no festival goodies for Sunday lunch this time; next time for sure.
3	Now that I have attended, I have a better idea of how to better enjoy this festival in the future.  We arrived right when the doors opened on Sunday.  It was busy, but well organized and traffic and the lines moved fast.  Though there were quite a few booths set up with jewelry and such, it all looked liked junk and wasn't much fun to browse.The food looked good, but it was a little too warm to sit in the sun for long and the few tables in the shade filled up quickly.  If I came another year, I would rather come at night, grab a table and some wine and enjoy the music and people watching.The pastries were delicious!  I was very happy with the great selection of desserts.
5	Had so much fun at the festival.  Lamb chops were yummy.
5	Opa!  The real deal - the music is playing, people are eating & dancing. We're all Greek today!!!
4	We went to all three festivals in a row, San Gennaro, Wild Fest and finally the Greek Food Festival. This was by far the best of the three for me. I don't believe they allow outside food vendors so you actually get...wait for it...Greek food! It's awesome and I love that they don't pack this event with a bunch of crappy, overpriced vendors. Throughout the day we shared a couple things and for the first time, I tried saganaki and it's amazing! It's a thick slice of Kasseri cheese they fry up with a little brandy and serve on a pita. It's super tasty and goes perfect with the pitas they serve here. The pitas are some of the best and delicious by themselves. The salad, tiropota and loukoumathes we're all really good too.The event is a little pricy and some of their prices were raised from what's quoted on their site. Not a huge deal and I'll gladly pay the $6 entry when I know what I'm actually paying to get in to. They aren't any better than the other events for kids rides but my boy had fun in the bounce houses and for $15, he got to jump in them all, as much as he wanted. We'll be back next year for sure!
4	A solid four stars. It's a fundraiser for the church so your $6 admission goes towards that. There are food stands (of course), vendors selling Greek wares, and most interestingly, a Verizon sales tent. I came to eat, so I started with the gyro line. Skip it. That gyro meat came off the Sysco truck, not off the spit. It was perfectly oval-shaped, and not good. I was disappointed but I was pleased with the Greek fries and spanakopita that you can get on the side. Next we went for dolmathes (a-okay) and saganaki. This is the reason to come to the festival--flaming cheese with lemon and pita. I would eat this every meal if I could. I also couldn't resist the cookie station and brought home a sample pack. There are a multitude of things the Greeks do right, but they seriously kick ass at desserts. All that almond extract had my mouth excited for a few days afterward too. There are also tours of the church, which actually just means the Greek Orthodox priests talking about their religion. When anybody tries to talk to me about Jesus, they may as well have inserted a tranquilizer dart into my backside, so I slept, but if you were interested in why the Greek Orthodox Church does what they do, you could definitely learn about it here. I wish I had stayed into the night for when the music and dancing started but I would definitely recommend coming to the festival and noshing on some goodness and shopping with the cool different vendors.
5	Better than I expected! Got here this morning. Kids got in free. Food was good and we spent a lot of time in the pastry booth where they had a huge selection. Baklava smoothie is the greatest thing ever.
4	Had a great time with my family at the festival.   All the food was delicious with large portions... but considering how many things you'll want to try I think I would have rather had smaller portions and cheaper prices. Ended up spending a fortune!
4	Just out by myself. Love yhe music and food. All vendors sell only Greek  food. YEAH! !
4	Stopped by the Greek Festival this weekend, briefly, on Saturday afternoon. I'm a HUGE fan of Greek food, and was excited that this was just around the corner from some friends we were hanging out with.  I'll admit...I spent more money than I had anticipated spending...but it was all worth it, in my opinion. My girl friend and I wandered around for a bit looking at some of the vendors selling clothing, jewelry, and even local honey and soap!  Some of the items seemed a little...cheap, to be honest, but there were a few that had decent items at a reasonable price.We actually stopped at a vendor who was selling olive oils and hot sauces...I was brave and tried the hot sauce, and decided I needed to buy a bottle for my fella.  It was a little pricey, but most festival vendors are.  It was worth it.  He loved it. ;) Then, I smelled the food, and made a beeline for the spanikopita.  For $2 a piece, I feel that I definitely go my money's worth.  It was a good size, and SO delicious!  I went back later and tried the tyropita, which was just as good, but a tiny bit greasy for my taste.They had a huge are with rides and games for kids, and even had a shaved ice stand!  For $4, my friend got a HUGE shaved ice with two flavors. They had a bar tent set up and for $6 I got to finally try ouzo!  I'm sure a lot of you are familiar with the scene from  "My Big Fat Greek Wedding," where Ian Miller's parents are fed shot after shot of ouzo..well...I only had one shot, and I was feeling it!  A delicious anise flavored alcohol, it was strong, and delicious.  We also picked up baklava for our men-folk, who were babysitting.  They had a small for $8, with 4 pieces of baklava, and a large for $16, with probably 10 pieces (I forgot to count).  The last thing I picked up was one of the Greek Dinners.  For $16, I took home a good amount of lamb meat, salad, rice, dolmades, and pastitsio.  Oh, and bread.  YUM!There was a stage with a live band, and a dance floor, which was fun to watch. A couple more shots of ouzo, and I may have been out on the dance floor, getting down to "Zorba the Greek!" I'm glad that I made it this year.  I'd definitely like to return next year.
3	We basically came for the food. It's a festival so I knew the food would be kinda overpriced and it was. We got a gyro with fries for $10, and spanikopita for $2 each.  The gyro was not carved off a spit, but the premade sliced kind. They also didn't put enough tzatziki, so you could get more for $1. The fries though were really good. Even though they weren't super crisp, the insides were very fluffy and creamy, and the seasonings were great with a little tartness.  The spanikopita was pretty good. A little oily but it always is. Filo was very flaky.Make sure to go to the church tour also. The three Fathers that lead the tour (actually more of a talk) are pretty funny and give a brief history of church and the religion itself.The staff at the event were great. Parking was a breeze. Lines moved fast. Even the clean up crew was great. There was a young guy in the covered eating area that cleaned up tables a nanosecond after people got up and left.Even if you're not Greek you should come at least once. We went to the Asian Heritage fest at Springs Preserve earlier that same day and I swear there were more Asians at the Greek fest than there were at the Asian fest!
