2	Since opening, we have been to this Burger King 5 times.I will not be back for a couple months... That should give them time to figure everything out.We have encountered issues with orders, prices, and wait times, despite visiting at various times of day. The staff appears to be new, not just to Burger King, but to speaking with people who are paying for products.On my most recent stop, around 7am on a weekday, there was only one other car in the drive through. I ordered a breakfast combo with a large coffee. The items did not come on the screen. I was instructed to pull around to the window. When I got there, the price was more than $1 over what it should have been. I asked way, and this is where it got bad...The attendant told me "it just is, that's what it costs. What, you wanna look at the receipt?"I said yes, "I am going to look at the receipt." I was given  bag of food, then, he handed me the small receipt, without saying a word. I saw what it was, and decided not to make any more of an issue... BUT then, he gave me a cup of coffee that was not filled, followed by a handful of cream and sugar packets... Not in a bag, not in the bag with the food, just dumped them in my hand and closed the window again...So, what was the problem with my order?? He rang each item in individually, resulting in a higher price.AND did not include the potatoes in the bag. I stop for breakfast or coffee only once ever few weeks as a treat.$5 every day adds up, so my family avoids wasteful daily stops.This was my first "treat" in about 3 weeks and it was terrible. It was a waste of my time and my money AND cost me more off both than it should have.
1	I will not return to this burger king Ever! Being new you would think they would have a higher standard. The forgot the fries with the meal order. When the fries did come they tasted like they were cooked the day before, luke warm  stale and card board texture! The two sandwiches I ordered were not much better, they tasted as if they cam from a am pm connivence store! Very disappointed with this location. I wont be back!
1	on Thursday the 15th of August at approximately 8:30 pm I placed an order of about a dozen burgers for my pee wee football team and I was short on my order, ..I guess counting burgers isn't a part of customer service now at days, maybe a little basic math course should be included in the hiring process?
2	The new high tech touch screen drink machine ran out of regular coke and dr. pepper.  Poor planning.
1	Went in at 10 am on a Saturday.  Two people ahead of me that had placed their order and one at the car window.  Five people including the "Manager" behind the counter and it took them 4 minutes to take my order.  Sat down and one of the people waiting for her order started bitching that she had been waiting for over 15 minutes and what was the problem.  Another lady came in and the manager took her order and walked off.  After nine minutes I went back and asked if it was training day because they were really taking their time and the cashier said "No...just another day."  The manager walked by and I asked if she was the manager and she said  "Si".  I asked her if she knew what she was doing because now I had waited 13 minutes and still no order.  The woman that the manager helped asked if her order was in because the manager had not taken her money and she said no and she left.  A few people came in and out and heard the problems and left.  After 17 minutes I finally got my order.  This Burger King will not be open in a year and if you hire management they better care about the job and be smart enough to handle the job.
1	I was the only customer. A little after 10 am,  so when I ordered a sausage Croissant  with egg and cheese no problem right!!!   Wrong I got ham instead she did not include a receipt because she was too busy chatting with her buddy inside. I did not notice this till I got home and this is the very first time I did not get a receipt so I could have brought it back to make them give me what I ordered.   Hey guys CUSTOMER SERVICE PLEASE!!!!!
4	We have stopped by this location quite a few times and it is usually pretty good. The service has always been great. I surprised by the bad reviews. It is SO much better than McDonald's!
4	Friendly staff tonight! And the best part... $1 Iced Coffee in Large, Medium or Small sizes!!! Perfect!
5	I just want to give credit to the young lady who was working the drive thru cash window today, Fri. Aug 8, 2014 @ 11:49am.  I wish I got her name because I want her to be the one to get all the praise.  I was at the drive-up, waited a little bit, she came on, apologized for the wait and took my order.  When I drove up to pay, she greeted me with the warmest smile, handed back my change in the way all should...coins first, then paper money so I don't have to try to balance while getting it back into my car and then Thanked me, said have a great day....ALL WITH A SMILE.....I hope her supervisor or someone in the Burger King organization gives her the recognition she deserves!!!!!!!!!!
1	I am giving this location a 1 star because of the awesome nite crew they have. I am here during lunch at the moment, and as usual the staff here are incompetent and straight rude. None of them know the menu and they dropped a stack of cups on the floor ... And still served it to the customers. They rolled their eyes at me when i told them i dont want the dirty cups out loud. Hmmm... I should call the BBB and Health Inspectors on them.
1	I've never have felt so uncomfortable at a drive thru but the cashier was staring at my breasts n then it seemed like he said something to the other window cause got the creepiest vibes from that guy.   They're up to something at this store.
1	All buger kings in Vegas need to step there game up food is alway cold I will not go back to any burger king until they start giving a crap service sucked I spent 30 buck for food and I ask for ranch and theu tell me it's going to be 25 cent I just spent 30 buck dude they all looked like they hate there job worst food ever
1	Very poor management.   The last time we are there after 2 other failed service meals, they turned the lights off in the play area, gave me the wrong fries after I specifically ordered satisfies, then charged me more.  Rude.  Even my 7 year kid never wanted to return, no wonder the play area was empty on the other visits.  Not one staff member smiled.
