5	Larrimor's is now in a beautiful glass space in One PNC in downtown Pittsburgh. They offer a great selection of men's and women's clothing. Customer Service is excellent as well. They also offer validated indoor parking at Three PNC, wifi and a children's play area. The brands they offer for men are: Agave Brioni Burberry Canali Eton Etro Hickey Freeman Hugo Boss Ike Behar Isaia Oxxford Robert Talbott Zanella Ermenegildo Zegna Robert Graham Nat Nast Hiltl Allen Edmonds Bruno Magli Santoni Magnanni Cole Haan Donald J. Pliner The brands they offer for women are: Burberry Etro Piazza Sempione Lida Baday Hugo Boss D.Exterior Cinzia Rocca Bogner Nina McLemore Zanella Gerard Darel Magaschoni Fabrizio Gianni Finley Cambio Red Engine Pier Antonio Gaspari Sak's watch out you now have some serious competition!
5	It's seriously refreshing to find a place like Larrimor's because it makes me believe that it's possible to have a great shopping experience in person rather than settling for the inevitability of buying stuff online.What sets Larrimor's apart, though, is that much of what they have to offer has been thoughtfully displayed and well chosen. This results in, practically speaking, fewer choices upfront, but the choices are themselves quite nice.The obvious counterpoint to this is that everything is fantastically expensive*. Don't let this detract you, though. I would approach shopping here as a sort of long-term investment which is to say that the overall stock is almost conservative but well chosen and stylish.If, like me, you are looking to slowly build up a wardrobe of nice clothes you'll still enjoy wearing in a few year's time, then i'd say you should probably stop here every nine months or so, maybe buying once a year or as your budget permits.The service is nice, courteous and thorough. Associates are well informed  and sartorially resourceful. I wish i had noticed that parking was validated, which would have saved me the hassle of negotiating a parking spot in downtown.*while much of what is carried is expensive, i would caution against saying it's *needlessly* expensive (although, to be fair, it's still expensive). For an example of that, go to saks or nordstrom where you will find items which are expensive for the sake of being expensive, rather than because they are quality items.
5	Larrimor's is not just a store where I buy clothes - Larrimor's is an experience. The three things I love most about Larrimor's are: the world-class brands, the unparalleled services, and the marriage of how those two things come together in a well choreographed experience that normally only the ultra affluent can afford in places like New York, DC, Chicago, San Francisco, etc....I am a professional in my mid-thirties and I am happy to say that I have been a customer of Larrimor's since 2008. Whether you are looking for casual wear or formal wear and anything in between, Larrimor's has the products you need to look your best. You will not only find world-class brands like Brioni, Oxxford, Zegna and Canali, but they also carry quality brands at more modest prices such as Hickey Freeman, Hugo Boss, and a private label that is always a great entry-level option for those, like me, who are price sensitive. The products, however, are just the beginning of the value that the Larrimor's experience delivers.At Larrimor's you will find unparalleled service leading up to a sale, at time of sale, and afterwards. The sales associates value the relationships they establish with their customers and can help the most sophisticated shoppers or the folks like me who were just starting out and needed to assemble a wardrobe deliberately over time. Last, but certainly not least, the expert tailors are quality craftsmen who help me look my best, even as my weight ebbs and flows over the years. I still wear a suit that I bought 5-years ago when I was 20 pounds trimmer - and I only trust the craftsmen at Larrimor's to alter the clothes I buy there. The choreography between brand and service encapsulates the Larrimor's experience. I can call my sales associate to schedule shopping appointments, fitting appointments, emergency purchases, or just to inquire if a certain tie I bought last month goes with the third suit I bought from him. He remembers everything in my wardrobe and provides recommendations for how new products pair with items in my wardrobe. The level of professionalism and knowledge certainly exists nowhere else in Pittsburgh. They can explain the nuances of each brand's fit, fabric, quality and style, all while making a customer like me feel comfortable, like I belong there, even though I cannot afford a $3000 suit. If you are not a customer and think you cannot afford anything in the store, I submit, try what many of my close friends have done: first, commit to believing that how you look is important - especially in a business environment. Next, stop in Larrimor's and visit with a sales associate. Explain what your budget constraints are and see how they can assist you. If the thought of that even scares you, visit them for "the best shoe shine in Pittsburgh." While you are there, browse their merchandise and talk to one of the associates. Whether you are the CEO or a mid-level rank-and-file like me, they will help you look your best, feel your best and perform your best.
5	Best clothing store in Pittsburgh. The service is exceptional and the products election is great. They really have developed a great women's department, although they are more well known for their men's clothing.
