5	The sandwiches here are so good that when you find one you love you don't want to order anything else.  But that would be a mistake because you would be missing out on so many other delicious sandwiches.  To start off with check out the Godfather - Sopressata imported Genoa Salami on a baguette w/provolone, oil, oregano, red roasted peppers.Or how about their Po-Boy which has two of the biggest and most tasty Crab Cakes I've ever had on a fresh french baguette.  Add a little Frank's hot sauce and you've got yourself a meal.
5	This is my favorite deli in Pittsburgh.  I swear by it-- fresh bread, good service, and a nice size pickle which is VERY important for a deli.  I like the veggie black bean burger.  I usually get two meals out of an order here.
3	Sandwiches made with delicious fresh bread and loaded with lean meat keep me going back. However, at more than $10 for a sandwhich and side, I limit my visits. Also, considering you get your own drink and order/pick up food at the counter, the the big ol' tip jar in front of the cash register seems unwarranted?
5	I really loved my Veggie deluxe. I've only been here once and I have dreams about it. I really wanna try the black bean burger. While visiting Pitt, it was very hard to come by veggie meals. I was so happy when my friend took me here. Great food! And next time I come to visit her I'll be eating here.
4	4.5-  very good deli sandwiches, but nothing I would more than 10-15 minutes out of the way for, so short of a 5 for me.I had the Jay sans dressing, very tasty, well executed. BF had the tuna and was quite happy. Yay! I'm a fan :)
5	They have a new owner who has alot of knowledge about craft beers they now carry. Great envirorment and some of the best sandwiches in all PA. You can't beat the price with the quality.
5	This review is more about the new owners and the atmosphere than the food. I happened to be walking by on Carson Street one Wednesday night, trying to dodge those "THE WEEKEND STARTS ON WEDNESDAY, WOOOOOO!" types. There was a sandwich board chalk sign on the sidewalk touting "FREE BEER AND CHEESE!" I'm not going to lie; there is little that will stop me from entering the building that is promising this. (Probably not the best thing to admit...) The facade of the building is beautiful and it's so well lit and inviting. Bright lights? Shiny things? Free cheese and beer? A friend and I didn't hesitate at all to stop in. The interior was just as inviting as the exterior. Well lit, clean, and very open. Mike, the owner (and who was running the pairing) was not only incredibly knowledgeable but personable to boot. I learned a lot about the four different beers they provided and exactly how they work with the cheeses. Everything you needed to know about pairing cheeses with beer was provided on a color printout. I not only got to enjoy some great beer and cheese with someone who actually knew what they were talking about, but I felt as if I had really learned something valuable. I've yet to go back to try any sandwiches but from what I've heard from other patrons they're just as amazing and satisfying. I'm very much looking forward to going back for another weekly tasting and maybe if I'm lucky an entire meal.
5	Amazingly awesome pasta salads and sammies. Oh! and the grape leaves taste like Demeter made them herself...divine! There is so much to choose from and everything I've tasted so far has been really tasty. However, a friend had the macaroni salad and she wasn't so thrilled, said it was extremely bland and had to add some flavor (good thing I don't care for macaroni salad!) Fabulous beer selection! Fast and friendly service.
3	My whole Carson St experience started with a very grouchy and seemingly put-out woman on the other end of the phone. I placed a large carry out order and didn't expect to pick it up for another hour, giving them plenty of time to work their sandwich magic. She warned me of this in between sighs and I almost canceled my order because she was so rude.So glad I didn't. I came in an hour later to get my order and the same lady apologized for taking so long. I told her I didn't mind the wait but did mind her phone manner. She was immediately, genuinely apologetic and was frantic with orders.  She didn't get an attitude but had real class in dealing with my frustration. Everyone in my group really enjoyed the grub (despite the expected gooey-ness that comes with carry out). I had the Carson St Reuben with turkey. It was divine... and huge! They don't toast the bread which I actually appreciated. The turkey, cheese and cole slaw were in perfect proportions against the thick slices of marble bread. Mmm, my belly is growling just thinking about it. I can't wait to go back.
3	This is a follow up review to my initial 5 star rating for Carson Street Deli.I have been absolutely LOVING the beer tastings, the atmosphere, and the great (not to mention local) beer selection that Mike and the Carson Street Deli have been offering. Unfortunately one night about 2 months ago I was outrageously hungry when we showed up for that week's beer tasting and decided to go with a meal there. (I normally would just wait until I get home to eat to save some money.) I say unfortunately because the meal was sadly lack luster. I was really honestly surprised. I hadn't even eaten anything from there prior to this and I was admittedly holding some rather high expectations. I had the grilled chicken sandwich. The bread was ok, tasted about as fresh and homemade as I had expected, but I feel like the quality ended there.I want to just put this out there, I've worked in food service with... low to mid-grade ingredients, I know the texture and the taste. The chicken tasted, looked, and felt just like frozen pre-packaged chicken slices. The condiments/marinade/vegetables were ok though. I also had a side of the mac salad and it had absolutely no taste. None at all. Not even bland.I haven't been back to eat since then. I will give it another try since they keep getting such great reviews from other Yelpers, I just hope this time I don't get that frozen fast food feeling.
4	Some excellent sandwiches. The hot pastrami was sliced so thin that it was like butter. Not the biggest serving size, but one of the tastiest hot pastramis I ever had.I also had the classic Italian. Very nice!Only downside is their chili is kind of like Wendy's. Before purchasing, I asked the order taker how it was and he said that it is real chili with beans and not hot dog chili. That should have sounded the alarm, everyone knows real chili has no beans!
5	Ahh, Carson Street Deli, the crown jewel of Pittsburgh's Southside.I work about two blocks away from The Deli (yes, it needs to be "The Deli") and rest assured, I order from here for lunch about once a week. That being said, it's the ONLY place I consistently order from. Their sandwiches are amazing, the beer selection even better. Mike, the owner, is knowledgeable and passionate about his brews as well as extremely personable and friendly. They have routine beer tastings on top of all that, though I've never had the pleasure of partaking in them. Sandwiches typically run about $7-10 and I've always been able to make them last for 2 meals (so really, I'm only spending $3.50 for lunch, right?!?!)Pleasant and secluded patio out back - definitely worth checking out on a nice day.Only downside is that I can't get one of their great craft brews on my lunch break. Darn!
5	Carson Street Deli is a great South Side business. For over a year now, the owner has been running a Wednesday night beer tasting. This is the place to be to learn about every new brewery that gets distributed in Pittsburgh and learn to like a few new types of beer. Don't miss the annual stout float tasting! They also have a constantly rotating tap selection. At least one tap is always devoted to East End, and this is the place on the South Side to get East End growlers filled. If you don't have a growler, they have good prices on a great variety of choose-your-own six-packs. Aside from beer and Wednesday nights, Carson Street Deli has always-dependable sandwiches. Large but no grease, so it's one of the healthiest lunch options if you're on the South Side. If you get a sandwich with deli meats on Breadworks bread (i.e. the Godfather), you won't be disappointed.  As an added bonus, this is one of the cleanest and well-lit "bars" on the South Side - a place you can go with your Mom or new significant other.
5	My fiancee came home one day and announced he had the best reuben of his life at the Carson St. Deli. He told me it had coleslaw instead of sourkraut. I refused to believe it, but when the day came that I was able to try it for myself, I finally understood! It may not be traditional but it is completely delicious. I tried the macaroni salad and thought it was bland.They have an awesome selection of microbrews and apparently you can bring growlers in to be filled. The owner, Mike, is so friendly. His love for his business and appreciation for his customers is obvious. He stopped by our table to make sure we were enjoying our meal. We got to talking and he told us that the type of corned beef they use was painstakingly chosen via blind tastings with customers. The source is secret but you can always visit Carson Street Deli if you have a craving!
4	Some of the freshest and best subs I've had. The beefy cheesy is rad.
4	I've had the Hot Pastrami Mama and The Balboa here. Both were really tasty and the cold cuts were stellar. There's a link to the menu so I won't go into any depth over the individual ingredients in the sandwiches, but the Balboa had an awesome oil dressing. The bread is some of the better that I've had in Pittsburgh (that probably means something different to everyone). There is a $1 fee for making the sandwich into a panini- I didn't opt for this, and I don't think I missed out. Each time I went I used a groupon so my perspective on the prices is a little skewed. I believe the sandwiches range from 6.50-8.00. That price range may be a bit steep for what is about an 8 inch sub, but it's much better quality than subway/quiznos. So if you're going for taste over quantity, I recommend. The staff is real cool, too.
5	Carson Street Deli (CSD) is an outstanding low-key sandwich shop that sells delicious sandwiches and great beer, bottled and draft. It is a gem in Pittsburgh's Southside, tucked in-between many bars with likely much less healthy bar food. You can get the "great beer" experience at Carson Street Deli while having tasty healthy food, although less healthy sandwich and burger options also seem to exist at CSD.  CSD has excellent sandwiches. I tried the unique "veggie deluxe," which had hummus, baba ghanooj, roasted peppers, vegetables. It was very tasty and fresh. I also took to go the "cool breeze" albacore tuna sandwich, which was unique with orange pieces in it, yet almost equally tasty. I will definitely go back for the veggie deluxe, though, as it was one of the tastiest veggie sandwiches I have had in a long while (Side note: Subway definitely lowered the bar for comparison in vegetarian items).CSD has an excellent selection of beers, much of it gathered from local breweries and Belgium.  The draft beer selection is small: there were four beers on draft while I was there, three from Pittsburgh's own East End Brewing Company, one from Belgium. I got East End's "Monkey Boy" hefeweizen, a must try if you like wheat beer. Many bottled beers rest in the fridges and are sprinkled around the deli, awaiting curious customers to try them and take them home. Even not-so-frequent beer drinkers like myself might feel compelled to try varieties of beer served in colorful bottles and arranged skillfully all over the deli. CSD holds free beer tastings every Wednesday evening. They also bring in unique varieties once in a while. When I went, quite a few festive holiday beers were on display. I did end up buying some unique Japanese rice beer, which looked quite delicious. They also have desserts and freshly baked cookies, which I unfortunately missed the day I went there as they were already sold out. Next time, I hope to try the rice pudding, though.The deli is very clean. In fact, the cleanliness may make you forget that you are on East Carson street, having beer. They also have free wifi which let me set up my laptop and get some work done while enjoying my sandwich and beer.The staff are very helpful, polite, and friendly. They will let you sample drafts and choose among the reasonably large selection of sandwiches they sell. It was very clear from the attitude of the sandwich masters working there that they care about what they do and serve. And, they do know and very much care about their beer.Carson Street Deli can be summarized in four words: "outstanding sandwiches, beer, staff." No wonder it has been around and doing well since 1992. Go there if you are looking for an easy, casual place to enjoy reasonably healthy food along with some excellent beer. Go there even if you are not looking for that - you might be surprised.
5	The Carson Street Deli might as well be my kitchen. I've eaten almost one meal a day here since I moved to south side in August.  The ingredients are fresh and everything on the menu tastes phenomenal and consistent. I usually rotate between the Reuben, Cuban, Donnie Brasco (buffalo chicken with egg salad - don't make assumptions before you've tried it), and their chicken salad. The portions are very healthy, and yes, every sandwich comes with a pickle. They have really good beer too. Plus, you can build your own 6-pack to try some of those interesting looking bottles without having to buy a whole 6 pack of it. If you have any beer-related questions, ask the older guy walking around stocking the shelves.
4	The bread is super fresh and delicious. My husband had the Ruben and I can't tell you how delicious the bread was! I had my first taste of a Ruben, and must say, their twist on it with cole slaw is fantastic. Also, great selection of beer.
4	Went in with a large party for lunch (9 people) during the week since we all synchronized our lunch hours so that we could catch up and enjoy a meal together.  I was very happy to see that we got put up in the loft overhang area so we could be loud (talking not being obnoxious of course) without disturbing the rest of the patrons.I usually take my time looking at the menu in an effort to (1) pick a dish worthy of a Yelp review but also (2) challenge my palate and brain to keep it fresh.  Unfortunately taking my time was not going to work so I went with my olde standby--the closest thing I could get to a Turkey BLT type sandwich.  ...because bacon makes EVERYTHING better.All in all we had a chicken strips meal, a couple steak hoagies, my turkey blt, a fish sandwich, and a couple salads.  All of the food came in about 20 minutes, which considering we probably overwhelmed the kitchen, that was pretty awesome timing.All of the food tasted excellently, and it was warm or still piping hot when it got to us.  Aside from a bit of a delay in keeping out glasses full of water/pop, service was on-point and efficient.  But that's to be expected since we were a larger group and we were up by ourselves upstairs and our waitress had tables downstairs as well.I can't wait to go back with a little more time to give their beer selection a shot and maybe order something different. :-)
5	Sandwiches, beer, staff, courtyard.  That more or less sums it up but just put the adjective great in front of all that.  Ok, first their sandwiches are packed with flavor, made to order and well priced.  The beer selection was mind blowing and for single bottles in PA not overpriced.  They even have happy hour specials and apparently do free tastings once a week.  The staff is super friendly and I really wish I got to meet the owner because I heard he will talk your face off about beer.  They have a nice little courtyard out back where you can enjoy all these things with some friends!  Go now!!!
5	I absolutely LOVE Carson Street Deli!!!! I convinced my coworkers to order delivery from them a few months ago and, despite it being a huge order and across the river in Oakland, everything arrived fresh and still hot! I've eaten in several times since then as well as gotten take out and delivery. I have to admit that I've only eaten the Veggie Roma, but that's because it is SO DELICIOUS that I can't bring myself to try anything else! However, between friends and coworkers, I've never gotten a complaint -- only rave reviews on the bread, fresh ingredients, and pickles!
5	I love a good Reuben sandwich...I even love a mediocre Reuben.But Carson Street Deli's Reuben was like a breath of fresh air in my stuffy Reuben attic. The bread was fresh and bursting with marble-y rye goodness. The corned beef was sliced perfectly and piping hot with gooey swiss cheese. Topped off with delicious slaw and dressing. I would bet my beer that the dressing and slaw are made in house. Carson Street Deli just rolls that way (I think).Sammies are $7.75 and very much worth it. Grab a beer or six as well and nom it up.
4	I tried Carson Street Deli years ago, before they moved, but I can't remember how I felt about it -- so let's treat today's lunch like it was my first visit, eh?I was greeted by extremely friendly employees when I walked in the door, though I was slightly confused about where to actually order; I'd expected a menu board, but they found a carryout menu for me to peruse. I'd pretty well decided I wanted corned beef, and somehow missed ordering a reuben because it's listed as a "Carson Street Deli Reuben" -- not where I expected it, alphabetically speaking. Just so you don't make my mistake.I ended up with corned beef, cheddar, tomato, and brown mustard on Italian (look, I don't like rye, OK?), as well as potato salad and tomato and cucumber salad. With a bottled drink, my meal came to something like $14.The bread is, I'm pretty sure, Breadworks; not too crusty but not too soft to stand up to a big sammich. The corned beef itself is sliced super thin and tastes good, though I think I prefer Smallman Street Deli's. The cheddar slice was decently thick, and the tomato was, you know, a tomato on a sandwich, slightly out of season. Overall I'd give the sandwich 3 stars, partly because I should've asked for less mustard and partly because I wish they had challah and finally because I ordered the wrong thing. All of this is really my fault, so take it with a grain of salt.The potato salad: Not my favorite. The chunks of potato are just huge, and there were green and red peppers involved.  Nothing to write home about, but not bad, either.Tomato and cucumber salad? Not bad. Quite vinegary, so know that going in.My pickle, sadly, was sort of small (just a spear for a whole big sammich) and unremarkable. I understand the beer is one of the big draws here; unfortunately, in my present delicate condition, I am unable to partake. And that makes me truly sad.So why four stars overall? Well, I'm 99% sure that if I order what I actually want next time, I'll fare better. I'll be sure to let Yelp know!
3	I love a good sandwich. I had been looking for a quick sandwich shop in Pittsburgh for awhile. My boyfriend had gone for lunch before and suggested it. He had wanted to go back for some time but kept forgetting what the name was. A Deli on Carson Street named Carson Street Deli can be a mind bender, I guess. Their sandwiches are good and all their stuff is really fresh. They also have a good selection of beer to have with your sammy so, that's a plus! The beers are in with soda and other drinks and when we brought our beers up to the counter to pay for them the cashier made sure to lean in really close to check our eye colors to make sure they matched our IDs. That was hilarious but it didn't make my Cool Breeze tuna sandwich taste any less! Definitely a great place for lunch.
3	I got the Sicilian sandwich, it tasted alright. I wasn't jumping up and down at the cost, subway is still cheaper. Food was made fast, the outside seating was cute.
5	Beer selection was fantastic! Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. It's a great place.
2	Go to subway instead. This place is overrpriced and not very good. I would say the 5 best sandwich shops in south side are1. real mccoys2. fatheads3. primantis4. south side steaks5. subway
5	I have had a few of their sammys, but the reuben is something else.  The marbled rye is fresh and soft, the slaw is unlike any I have had before, and the corned beef is ample and delicious.  The beer selections is also legit (shoot I think I am missing one of their beer tastings as I write this) and worth popping in for a carryout or a drink in.  The staff is cool and the sandwhiches come out fast. Just go.
4	I love the new setup of Carson Street Deli.  New bar seating.  More table seating.  Excellent selection of craft beers.   Excellent menu and sandwiches.  The Reuben that I had today was very good but Szmidt's Old World Deli in Greenfield is better if you are judging on the sandwich alone.
4	I came for the sandwiches and stayed for the beer! It's great the renovations that have gone into this little deli. Over the last year they've added a beautiful new bar and added to the patio out back. I don't know what more they could do other than buy the whole block! My go to is always the chicken salad sandwich. I love me a good chicken salad. Like the one with mayo. I say the one with mayo pointedly because I LOVE MAYO! And a lot of it. So if I order a chicken salad sandwich I want a good amount of mayo. I always try to duplicate them at home and it never has the flavor that this does. Plus, I love the Breadworks bread! i could eat a whole loaf and be one happy camper.I also think they have a nice selection of sides as well. I usually go for the tomato and cucumber salad, but I'll switch it up with coleslaw or potato salad once in a while. I try not to go too mayo heavy on the sides since I get my fill in the sammie! But there's a good amount to try from including pasta salads or you can grab some chips. I think it's so cool the owner Mike's dedication to local brews. All of his taps are 100% local. Local as in, around the Western part of PA (Erie included... holla!). We've got some good places to choose from, that's for sure! Plus, he does samplings on Wednesdays and hosts regular nights were the reps come in and talk up their brews. If you can't stay you can also browse the 300+ bottles of beer they sell to take home. So you've got lots of different options. All of which hopefully end up with beer involved! So basically, if you're a craft brew aficionado, you must stop in here! Oh, and if you like sandwiches too!
5	I go to this place pretty regularly - the owner is amazing - he knows his place and loves to share his knowledge about beer with you. Every visit the staff has been helpful and friendly. The food - well I cannot say enough good things about the sandwiches. I also like that they feature a lot of local breweries on draft and offer you a chance to sample something new every Wednesday - great idea. Keep up the good work.
5	I've made a handful of visits to Pittsburgh over the last couple months and I make sure to always swing by this place at least once.  I've tried a different sandwich each time and all are superb. I really liked the Donnie Brasco.What drew me to Carson Street deli was their beer selection, which is one of the best from the places visited on Carson street.  Make sure to check out their cooler along the side to find some goodies in there.  Mike, the owner, helped me out in a pinch regarding a limited beer and you can tell the guy loves craft brews and his customers.The food is great, the staff is friendly, and the beer selection is awesome.  I will continue to pop into this place every chance I get. Go check them out!
4	After trekking through the Carnegie for a couple of hours, we were starved! Sandwiches were huge and cheap and made quickly. We picked this place specifically for the beer selection. The boys loved the options and were so happy we picked this place. Parking is either on street (good luck with that) or just a few blocks down there is a pay lot. Not super expensive either.
2	Maybe it's a slow day...but we are here plus one other person. The guy sitting next to us had to ask for his sandwich to be microwaved...then when she brought it back he had no napkins and everyone was too busy on their cell phones in the kitchen for him to ask for a napkin. He literally had to reach in his pocket for a napkin. The cook did finally get us a beer...but waited on us with kitchen gloves on and handled our money. Not the amazingly friendly service the sign describes.
4	Ordered takeout from here tonight.We ordered the Montezuma's Revenge the Hot Pastrami Mama and a cup of the portobello mushroom soup.Everything was delicious and fresh.We will definitely be back!
3	So i was at another Yelp event here where we got to meet the owner and discuss his restaurant but more importantly his knowledge of beers. Mike the owner was a great man to talk to. He knew exactly what beer to recommend with a certain foods or which beer was in high regard over another. We got to sample so many from IPA's to Stouts and Amber Ale's to Ciders. My Favorite was definitely the Dog fish Ksavir. Great taste, very smooth and almost like a wine. That is what he compared it to as well. After sampling many brews I chose the dog fish as my go to beer. I really wanted the lapery's stout but it was a little too like coffee for me. We ate some pretzels from the pretzel shop with some homemade beer cheese from his wife. Man was that beer cheese awesome. You could totally taste the beer but it wasn't over powering. The cheese had that aged sharp cheddar flavor which is one of my favorites. We got a small bowl for our table of five. There's something about sharing cheese between 20+ people that doesn't sit right with me. You never know who maybe double dipping ya dig? Anyway, we ordered a sandwich but I'm sad to say I wasn't to pleased with it.it was the sicilian with prosciutto, capicola, ham, red peppers, oil and oregano and genoa salami. The bread was a baguette which was extremely hard so i couldn't  enjoy eating it like a real sandwich. It didn't come with veggie toppings other than the red peppers so the sandwich was rather dry. I ended up just eating the bread with the oil and oregano which tasted a lot better than the sandwich entirely. The meat was a little too salty so i just threw it away. Lucky my hubby had the other half of the sandwich or all of it would have gone to waste.I would definitely come back here for there local selection of beers but not so much the food. They were pretty busy too but my sisters ordered a crab cake sandwich that got cold from sitting near the register. When he said he would reheat it, he fingered the crab meat to test the warmth then put the half eaten patties back on the grill next to another customers sandwich. That is not practicing good hygiene no matter how hot the grille is. That one deserves a mister yuck sticker. I'm not blaming the owner because he practices great customer service but his employees who were sweating....Not so much.. Try to get here when it isn't busy!!
4	I knew I'd love the beer here. And I did!! We attended a Yelp event here last night and it was my first time to check this place out! I was really impressed with Mike and his wife who were extremely gracious hosts! Mike really knows his beer and provided a terrific introduction and tons of samples of some extraordinary beer! He prides himself on having beers on his 12 taps that you likely haven't seen or tried before. In fact, he said he bet that no one had heard of these beers. Well, he was close. I had a few of them before but the rest? He was right! And I headed right for the samples of those!! The local Lavery brew that had just won GOLD at the Great American Beer Festival was AMAZING!! So good!! What a great place to come sample some delightful craft brews in a welcoming environment!!We ordered some food too - the Pastrami Mama was a delight and I would order that again!! Can't wait to go back and try the other sandwiches (and get more of those pretzels and amazing beer cheese!) and to see what else he has in store on tap!! Mike is so knowledgable and eager to share his enthusiasm with other beer aficionados! Love it!!  A great place and worth a visit!!
4	I attended the Yelp Event here last week and had a great time! The owner and his primary bartender ("the mustache" guy) both had great personalities and kept the beer and cider samples flowing! They were also very knowledgeable about the beverages and displayed their expertise without sounding obnoxious.I sampled five different beers and ciders but loved the Arsenal Cider Fighting Elleck the best. It really tastes more like champagne than cider which was delightful! I also tried a grilled cheese sandwich with a pumpkin cupcake made from a local bakery. The grilled cheese was perfectly melty and soft without being overly greasy. The pumpkin cupcake was moist and covered with a delicious buttercream.The interior of the restaurant was much nicer than I had anticipated and elevates an establishment that sells beer, cider, and sandwiches. Even though this deli and bar is a bit out of the way for my husband and me, I hope we can come back again in the future!
5	I MUSTACHE you a question - Do you crave a tasty, fresh deli sandwiches?  Are you a craft beer connoisseur?  Well my friend, look no further than the Carson Street Deli & Craft Beer Bar.Walk in to an excellent craft draft selection, including 2 Arsenal Ciders, along with a smiling mustachioed man who would be delighted to recommend a brew, pour you a pint, and get your grub grindin' ... Oh yeah - we didn't even get to that part yet!  Right past the bar is an amazing deli counter where they make the tastiest of tasty sandwiches.  Everything is made fresh.  I want to try EVERYTHING on their menu!  This trip I selected the Donnie Brasco - A combination of Buffalo Chicken and Egg Salad on fresh Italian bread with your choice of Ranch or Bleu Cheese.  Yeahhhhhhhh I couldn't eat it all... I tried!  Did I mention every sandwich is served with a tasty dill pickle?  YUM!  Oh and I had a Victory's DIPA to wash things down.  Mmm craft beer :)  Once we filled up with sammies and suds, we grabbed a 6pack to go and parted ways.  Yes, parting IS such sweet sorrow!!  If I can, though, I'll return tomorrow!!
4	Solid 4 star spot. Very good sandwiches and fantastic brews. My delicate palette was satisfied. I'm from out of town and needed to find a place to bring my family of 10 people (nobody planned ahead). Found this place on yelp and everybody had a great time ! To boot we called 5 min in advance and it was fine.
4	Let me start off by saying that I am not a huge craft beer person, I prefer wine and cider. However, I broke with tradition when I came here and ordered a beer and tried a few others. They have an incredible selection, and the bartender (a.k.a. "the mustache guy") is extremely knowledgeable and helpful. I started with a french farmhouse style beer from Lavery Brewing Company in Erie, and it was delicious. I then of course reverted to my usual cider and had the bone dry from Arsenal, which is my absolute favorite cider. Ever. It's quaint inside, and when you walk in, the bar is the first thing you see on your left. As you keep walking, the place to order sandwiches is on the left, and then there is a large selection of bottled beers to take home on the right. You can make your own six pack, and there is a really good selection (this coming from the not a huge beer person-but don't worry, others have confirmed this).I sat at the bar with friends and we ended up ordering sandwiches as well. I had the cheesy beefy, and I would certainly go back just for the sandwich! Perfectly beefy. Perfectly cheesy. Enough veggies on the sandwich to keep me from feeling too guilty.My friends and I met the owner, who was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable about craft beers. I look forward to coming back with friends, especially because it didn't have any of the "seedy South-side feel" that I desperately try to avoid.Try this place for delicious beer and sandwiches!
4	The pastrami sandwich was great, the gentleman with the cool mustache was great, could not partake in any of the craft beers, but the selection appeared to be great also.  The only reason I did not give the restaurant 5 stars is that the gentleman that rang me out was a Grouch!
5	I feel strongly that this place is great.   I have been here a couple times to eat, most recently to have a Reuben.  The sandwich was delicious with a  lot of meat.  I was concerned that the sandwich wasn't grilled.. At first I was put of by this but really it was very good like this. They have a decently size list of craft beers on draft, many of which are local. I love that for 7 bucks you can pick any 4 beers to samples in a little flight, which is a good way to try different beers.  They also do beer sampling nights on Wednesdays which is fun.  ALSO, as far as beer goes, they have a very nice selection for build your own 6 pack.Staff is friendly with quick service!  Overall a great place to have in the neighborhood, can't wait for it to get warm so I can sit in their "beer garden".
4	I got the Donnie brasco sandwich which was amazing. They had run out of the Italian bread so I had it on a baguette instead. I think it would be easier to eat on the Italian bread, but it was still delicious. My friend got the po' boy sandwich. We both agreed that it lacked crisp and had a not so pleasant fishy taste. We ended up just sharing my sandwich since it was so big. We also got a couple beers on tap that were delicious. If you are in the mood for a beer and sandwich I would totally check this place out.
5	The South Side is blessed to have such a good deli in the neighborhood.  It is good to either call ahead and pick up a sandwich, or eat there and enjoy the personable waitstaff.  The owner is very friendly (he'll talk your ear off if you ask him about different kinds of beer) and the beer selection is amazing!  I don't usually review restaurants on Yelp, but this one definitely deserves a five-star rating.  As for what to order, I'd suggest the "Bourne Farm" on marble rye!
5	I love trying new places on Carson since I recently moved down there, and this spot did not let me down. I am sad that I didn't discover this gem sooner. I ordered their Italian sandwich with a side of cucumber tomato salad. The sandwich was absolutely delicious and packed with yummy meats. The salad also yummy and I ate every bit. I will for sure be back here and try more things on the menu.
1	Three of us at in a southside office ordered BLTs with mayo in a takeout order this afternoon. For our $8 each we got a VERY THIN layer of VERY THIN bacon, no mayo, and bread that wasn't toasted. This was a lesson in how not to impress, and our return business is already lost. Fatheads and Primanti's have never let us down like this. If it weren't for this experience I would have gladly come by for a reuben or some of the other sandwiches (the menu LOOKS great), and a beer. Not so much anymore.
5	Got a Reuben with some chili. The chili was good. Nothing to write home about, but not bad at all. The Reuben on the other hand...BEST. REUBEN. EVER. I always order a Reuben when I go to a sandwich shop, being that I'm a huge fan of them. This is by far the best I've ever had. I want to eat one everyday. For breakfast, lunch and dinner.
3	The food was good and the atmosphere was cute for a deli. Upon the recommendation from the waitress I got the Bourne Farm and it was quite delicious. It was raining so I could not enjoy the beer garden out back, but I will certainly return to check it out.
5	I went on my lunch break Tuesday.Awesome lunch special! 1/2 sandwich (portions are ) and the linguini salad w/ a Budweiser! Beer selection is awesome. And they have an outside seating area with flowers! Going back soon. Try the Jay!
4	I have only been here a handful of times, but it never disappoints. Today my boyfriend and I went and I got the chicken pitaza. Grilled chicken, mozzarella, pepperoni, marinara sauce in a pita. Phenomenal. I had one of the craft beers they had on draft too, one I had never heard of before, ephemere, a Belgian blonde with an apple flavor. Delicious. My bf got the three little pig sandwich. Pulled pork, ham and bacon on a baguette. I obviously had to try a bite and it was also amazing. Sandwiches so big, neither of is could finish! He had an IPA, good vibes by Voodoo Brewing. He enjoyed that. They have a decent size menu, mainly sandwiches (even stuff for the kids), some sides, soup & even salads. They had about 10 beers, maybe a few more, on tap. All of them awesome craft beers, including some great local ones for pittsburgh. They have a bottle craft beer selection too, you can do mix and match six packs to go. Not sure on the price, however. I have yet to have a bad experience here & now that I've got my boyfriend hooked, I know we will be going back soon!
3	I walk into this place and there's not one single soul in sight. I walk towards the back and find two women working what I assume is the deli section. I ask for a menu and she walks to the draft section and brings me back a paper pamphlet. I was craving soup but couldn't find any on the menu. They must have soup, after all this is a deli. I ask one of the women if and what soups they have. She mumbled something. I think she said there's only a little vegetable soup left. I expected a few options, broccoli and cheese or something at least. So I turn around and notice a couple coolers full of beer and bombers on shelves. But why waste the money? I know they're all overpriced like all Pittsburgh bars are. I'd be better off going draft, so I walk to the draft section. Once again I had to ask for something, this time a beer list. The lady walks to the deli section and brings me back the beer list. So the menu is in the draft section and the beer list is in the deli section? That's logical. I look over the list but it's literally all local beers. Maybe they are attracting tourists? Don't get me wrong, there are some great local beers, but us local connoisseurs have had all the greats. Boring. So I walk out. That's that. I was fascinated that not one person walked in throughout all of this being the middle of South Side and Wednesday lunch hours. I'm assuming all these reviews were from a Friday or Saturday night, and that's the only time I'm giving this place another chance.
5	Best subs in Pittsburgh and one of the better craft beer refrigerators in town. Also they have the best vegetarian hoagie in town by far. Ask them to skip the black olives though. Unless that's you're into that type of thing.
5	Just stopped in for the first time today to give Carson Street Deli a try. I had pretty high expectations coming in and thankfully I was not disappointed! I ordered the Balboa sandwich and it was pretty unreal. Being an Italian I was thrilled when I saw they had sopressata in the sandwich.
5	Even if you're not conveniently located to the South Side, it would be well worth your time to check out Carson Street Deli! I've been there a handful of times. On my first visit, my boyfriend and I both ordered the Sicilian (to die for!). It reminded me of eating pepperoni pizza without all the grease and mess. We both loved it so much, we went back the very next day and tried something else (forget the name, but it was the same as the Sicilian but with salami). It was excellent, but I would still go with the Sicilian. Can't beat it!
5	Really good sandwich shop. Tried their cheesy beefy for a quick lunch and it was delicious. I would reccomend it to anyone walking in the door.  If youre a beer drinker they have good drafts on tap with a decent selection of 6 packs to go. No liquor though.
5	I've been living in southside for a few years and as a moderate food junkie, I stumbled into this place over the summer. I was craving buffalo chicken and decided to order the Montezuma's Revenge which was life changing. To this day I visit CSD every single Wednesday for their excellent craft beer tasting that feature some of the best breweries from around the country! My girlfriend loves this place as well and is determined to order every type of sandwich in slider form. Not too mention the extremely friendly and knowledgeable service provided by the staff and owner (Mike). After you're done enjoying a 5 star dinner and craft beer lecture and tasting, you can't leave without indulging in the vanilla bourbon cheesecake. This restaurant is not only a gem for southside but a gem for all of Pittsburgh. Already looking forward to next Wednesday! -J
4	The beer selection is great, bottle selection also great. Not as big as Atlas in Lawrenceville but still vast and unique, their 6 pack deals can't be beat as far as price goes. $2 off per bottle. Sandwiches are affordable and good of course and the draft selection is as well. Cool atmosphere and great aesthetic. Not really sure about hours though, door says they close at 11 but they started closing up at 10 and it got a little weird.
4	After reading the positive reviews, my colleague and I came in here for a drink, with the possibility of dinner.  The entire establishment had about 3 other people in here at 8pm on a Thursday.  Where was everyone?  Seeing that they had a great variety of beers on tap (the main reason why we came), we decided to order 2 separate flights of 4 beers.  I gotta say, I'm a big fan of Levante Brewing Company.  Their maltier beers dominated my flight, and I really enjoyed the experience.  As with any flight, a few of the beers for both my colleague and I were hit or miss, but the 4 beer samples for $7 made it a worthwhile experience.  We actually left without food because we wanted to seek out a place with a bit more atmosphere for dinner.  I would definitely come here for a quiet place to sample beers!
5	Great beer selection and the food which is primarily deli sandwiches, is really good too! The staff is enthusiastic about the establishment and very well educated about their beers. I had the three pigs sandwich and it was delicious, and a great value for the money. It is not your typical Southside crowd of beer drinking kids. It is a bit laid back. The music is more likely to be Ella than Rihanna and you can talk and listen and enjoy good people and beer and food. What a concept!
5	Great sandwich place! I love the make your own deli sandwiches and the buffalo chicken sub! They also have a fun bar area with samplers! During the warm weather the patio is a perfect location - it sits off of Carson so even during the crazy nights you are away from the drunks and can enjoy your dinner and a beer.
1	Extremely rude staff. We walked in at 11, when they open and the woman workings response was incredibly rude since we were there so early. She huffed and puffed as she turned on the lights, music, etc. Perhaps just a miserable person. Learn customer service.
