5	Dr. Hahn is awesome! I have been a patient since 2002 and have many hours in the chair. Dr. Hahn actually gave me the smile I never had since I had bad decay from bad habits as a child. He is very gentle and makes sure you are comfortable from start to finish. His staff is very nice and treats you like a friend more than a patient.
5	Dr. Hahn is the most honest dentist in town. The staff is so friendly and professional. I paid half of what other dentist were charging me for all the work I need it. I recommend it that you go and give him a try, you won't be sorry.
5	Best dentist ever! I've been coming here for about 2 years now. The longest I've ever waited in the waiting room is 5 mins. Dr. Hahn is amazing and his staff is great! I have some co-workers coming here as well.
1	Seriously worst experience ever. I tried the six months braces which were approved by Hahn in May of 2013, that turned into a complete mess. I was more of a guinea pig. He wasn't fully trained on how to handle certain situation and I ended up with gaps in my mouth three different times. And the first time he decided to put in a gap he didn't even feel the need to tell me. I can't express how horrific this experience was. He kept saying that this was what the head teacher was telling him to do. The gaps were located on my top front middle teeth. Something that's impossible to hide. My teeth never had gaps before and they didn't need any major adjustments. Being a professional he should have known when to throw in the towel and send me to an orthodontist. About a little over a year with these braces I finally gave up and moved on to an orthodontist that straightened my teeth in less than six months. Hahn was so quick to take all the money upfront he never offered me any sort of refund for a job he couldn't finish. The only reason for the one star is because the staff is absolutely amazing. But that isn't enough to ever send me back. I would never recommend him and I tell everyone about the horrible experience and how unprofessional he is.
