4	It's as good as it gets for dry cleaning, I guess!  Unfortunately, I don't have a list of what to look for in a dry cleaner, but I'm pretty particular on how I like things to be, and they haven't disappointed me yet.  Repairs have always been done properly, and my clothes always come back to me in tact, crisp and clean.  Their prices are great, and the ladies who work there are very pleasant.  If you sign up for their email list, you get coupons.  I've never paid their standard price of $2.25 a piece, and even that's cheap.  And c'mon people - I see some of you walking to your offices with your wrinkled suits.  Bring them here.  I beg you.
3	I've been using this cleaner for several years. I usually take clothing in requiring military creases. Unfortunately, the creases are sometimes doubled and tripled, which make the clothing absolutely unwearable. I often have to re-iron the creases to get them right.I know, why would I still go there if this has been happening for so long?  Well it wasn't like that at first. I used to never have to fix the creases. The convenience is the close location and the price isn't too bad either. I decided to check if other "yelpers" had the same problem, but found only one older review. Additionally, I would hope businesses would actually pay attention to the reviews to help improve themselves. I know I would if I owned a business. Five stars is an immediate customer draw. Anyway, lately, meaning the last two weeks, I've actually seen an improvement in the ironing. A new employee maybe?  More quality control?  I just hope it lasts.So three stars for now, until quality control improves, but I'll probably continue using them anyway.
1	A costumer for over 10 years, spend with personal and business dry cleaning over $3000.00 a year ( I know, just finished my taxes ) employee FIDEL refuse to take my clothes in today, I ask why? He just say "I don't like you" I visited this cleaners for 10 years and all the other employees are friendly and efficient, Listen Owner!!! This employee Fidel just cost you one costumer, how many more are you willing to loose??
1	The owner here is unprofessional and a scammer. I dropped off a wool antique blanket to have dry-cleaned and came to pick it up. He couldn't even locate my item. Finally located my blanket and it was slung over a hanger & un dry-cleaned. I disputed at the counter that item wasn't cleaned & owner refused to make it right. He claimed item was cleaned, blanket lacked a dry- cleaning tag and wasn't wrapped in plastic, etc. blanket was in same unclean state it arrived in. Owner ripped me off of $20 right at counter. Last time I come here considering they mutilated a dress I dropped off there to get cleaned another time . Don't waste time with this business, they run it like a chopshop
