1	I have lived in Charlotte for 21 years and am very frugal when it comes to furnishings, so I USED to love going to the consignment shop (used to be Consignment 1st......now I know why he has lost his franchise with them....but I digress) in Pineville. Courteous personel, always willing to pick up or deliver items.  Always willing to negotiate on price and make a fair deal.......NOT ANYMORE!  I went in one day, inquried about 4 parsons chairs and was told their was a price for all 4.  No other tag on any of the 4 chairs.  I paid for them, told them I could get 2 home in my car that day and then I would come back for the other 2!  When I returned the next day, the owner said, oh, my employee was wrong, you can't take the other 2 or you will have to pay for them.  I regretted to inform him, that good customer service would intail standing behind his employees and eat the cost and that would be his cost of doing business.  If he would have done so, I would have returned and purchased again, many times over, even if it was a different name on the door.  Since he did not do so, did not hold up their end of the bargain, I will NEVER return AND you all get to know about it!
5	I have shopped at Consignments on Park (Consignment 1st) for years.  Donna, Richard, and their staff,  have always been very professional and accommodating.  For whatever I am looking for, Consignments on Park has always shown me the items that most fit my shopping needs and helped me with ideas.  We recently bought a repurposed table they had purchased in Atlanta for our beach condo. As soon as we walked in the door and told them what we needed, they knew exactly what they had in stock that would fit the bill.  They then found chairs and mirrors, as well as other pieces that complimented the table for our beach condo.  They have done this for us for years.  I would recommend Consignments on Park to anyone.  Oh, by the way, Consignments on Park did not lose their franchise-they had fulfilled their obligation to the Consignment 1st franchise.  Donna and Rich have learned enough and have been successful enough to be confident enough to go it on their own.  Bravo for them because they are doing an excellent job and are doing very good business!  Go Consignments on Park!
5	I have both shopped and consigned with this business for about 10 years.  First of all, they are nice people, have a great store, and have ALWAYS treated me fairly and with respect, and for me, that goes a long way.  I never feel pressured, yet someone is always available to answer any questions if I have them... I appreciate that!Their inventory always changes, so I always seem to find new things every time I'm there.  I appreciate their motto, they treat the store as business, not a trade store.  They don't barter with pricing, and as a consigner, I know that they are looking out for me too!  As a shopper, simply put, their prices are always fair.  They have been doing this for a long time and clearly know the market, so I trust the prices and have never had any problems with them.  They do things the right way!The owners and the staff are quality folks.  Very knowledgeable and always put their customers and consignes first.  To me, that says a lot about the business as a whole.  I am happy to have this business in south Charlotte!
5	I like to check out the reviews on YELP. For the most part I find I am grateful for the information. However, there seems to be an "ugly undertone" to the one that was written by Amy R. Nothing she said rang true to what others have said and my own personal experience. I would say CONSIGNMENTS ON PARK deserve a strong 5 star rating. A business like this cannot be so successful without many satisfied customers.
5	I love going to consignment stores and seeing what kind of deals I can get. Consignments on park may not be the largest consignment shop in town but its hands down the best consignment shop in Charlotte.   I have been shopping at this store regularly for about 5years now and the quality of the merchandise they have on hand is unmatched with brands like Bassett,  Thomasville,  Ethan Allen, Hancock and Moore you cannot go wrong here. The prices are always great you can get beautiful custom pieces that look almost brand new for 50% or below the retail value!  They have a good mix of large furniture pieces as well as smaller home decor items!  Being a regular shopper I have come to know the owners of this store they are wonderful! The truly take pride in what they do and it shows in how the business is presented.  With a great staff that is knowledgeable and always displays the kind of customer service all businesses should have I will have to say I will be back for many of years to come! Keep up the good work.
