3	A nice place to have a quiet pint after work...a nightmare trying to get one when the rugby is playing down the road (as with all pubs and hotels in the area!) however the staff are welcoming and it's a place you can relax and enjoy.
5	I spent 2 weeks in the UK and stayed at 4 different hotels/B&Bs and this was by far my favorite.  Unfortunately, I only stayed for one night but I would love to have enjoyed the house longer.  Our room was upgraded and was absolutely beautiful with a four-poster bed and lovely furnishings.  The bathroom was immaculate, warm, and had a perfect shower.  The rooms feel very fresh and new.  One of the few places I have ever stayed that actually looks better than the professional photos from the hotel website.   The staff were all friendly and accommodating. I did not have a chance to dine, but grabbed a night cap, wonderful red wine, at the bar.  It was so cozy and comfortable.  I cannot recommend this place enough.Things to note:A bit of a walk to New Town area but not too far.Careful not to mix up with the The Dunstane City Hotel...it is right across the street and cab drivers can get confused dropping off & picking up.
5	A little out of the way, but super comfortable and reasonably priced. The hotel actually had a separate building across the street and that's where we stayed. The rooms are small but comfortable   The staff couldn't  be nicer and there's a terrific breakfast. Oh yeah, they even have an 'honor bar' where you can come by for a late night drink or two. Just write down what you had.
4	Lovely wee boutique hotel! Very spacious, close to the city and reasonable price. We stayed in the luxury 'blue room'. While the room itself was stunning I have a few dislikes! Its situated within 10 feet of the reception desk which although wasn"t excessively noisey we could still here the foot traffic of people heading in and out etc. Its also on the ground floor so we had to close the curtains/blinds to get ready which made it incredibly dark even with all of the lights on....I'm all for mood lighting but I also don't want to look like I've literally got dressed in the dark! Breakfast was good and at a reasonable hour!(7-10.30). All in all lovely place to stay but would reccomend asking im advance for a room not on the ground floor.
