3	Great music, but bartenders seems to be bothered or you feel unwelcome, no smile :( just drink!
1	I wanted to like this bar. I did. But, it was awful.SO smokey; it literally made me sick for a week after. I went on a night where they were very well aware they were having an event (the bar and several people had been promoting it) so they KNEW there would be a big crowd. They poorly planned and only had ONE cook on staff. I waited AN HOUR AND 15 MINUTES for what I thought was described as bread sticks but I was served a plate of hard pita chips with cold dipping sauce. I could have gone to the store around the corner and got the same thing for less money and probably within 5 minutes time. No refund for the wait, no replacement meal/snack for having a laughable pita chip plate served to me. The staff was rude and I watched as the bartender rolled her eyes at someone who ordered a drink. I will not be back.
2	This place is probably a love it or hate it.  It's kind of a cross between Zombie and Goth.  It's pretty much a bar with a them and a small place to dance.  Not my scene but I'm sure others would like it and for a local watering hole, it adds a little variety.
5	We really liked this place. The owners were friendly. The specialty drinks were good and pizza was really out of this world.
5	My husband and I went on a whim following Bar Rescue.  This place is awesome!  The decor is wonderful, staff was cool, drinks were fun ...but the food!  OMG it was incredible!  I typically don't go to bars for food, but the appetizer and pizza were OUT OF THIS WORLD!  I didn't want the spam pizza to begin with, now I am not sure I would order anything else!  It flavored it more like a prosciutto would.  The crust is a MUST for any New Yorker missing home.  It was flexible so you could fold it but it had the perfect crunch factor as well.  I was most impressed with the cleanliness of the kitchen.  It looked like a laboratory or hospital; it was so clean.  The level of the music never went over 90 db making for easy conversation at the bar.  The DJ even played our request immediately.  Very happy with this place, will make it a stop on our future visits.  Busiest at 6 and again at 11pm.  We made it there at 9 on a Thursday and had the place to ourselves.COSTS:only $8 cab ride from Gold Coast , Palms and Orleans$65 got the 2 of us plenty fed with app, pizza and 9 drinks
1	I'm a zombie fan, no doubt about it. I watched the transformation of this business on bar rescue and was really eager to go the next time I was in Vegas. The location is about a $13 cab ride away from the strip, not bad.. a little dumpy on the outside but again, myself and my crew were really excited to go. We arrived at The End around 5:15pm because it opens at 5. Apparently the manager of the establishment didn't get the memo about the time their business opened because when we arrived an employee informed us he was running late and it would be about 30mins until they got there. Despite our disappointment, we waited around for them to open because we really wanted to go here. 45mins after it was suppose to open the doors were finally unlocked. I'm actually sitting in the establishment while writing this and have been for awhile. My husband asked if their kitchen was open and the response we got was "it will be"...It didn't for much much longer...It's almost six now. We are leaving. I wish no stars were possible.  Don't waste your time. It saddens me that a business that was spoon fed  the opportunity to be great  consciously chose to fail.
5	I've been going to The End since before Bar Rescue.  It's steadily become the only bar I'll drink at in Las Vegas.  The entire staff has never been anything but good to me, and I've yet to get something out of the kitchen I didn't like. (I recommend asking for a menu if you're hungry, there are some hidden gems that you won't know about if you don't look.  Try the Bunker, it's my favorite.)Now, let's talk about booze for a second.  I don't know anyone who doesn't drink to get at least a buzz on.  Well, I'm here to tell you, unlike a lot of theme bars in Vegas, they don't scrimp on the liquor in their drinks.  The signature drinks are sneaky in their alcohol content.  You don't taste it, but it hits you.  Jack and Coke drinker?  I am.  There's no shortage of alcohol in that beverage either. On to the show! Yeah, I mean entertainment.  Well, here's the thing, these guys aren't just riding the Bar Rescue coattails.  They are working to keep people entertained no matter when you come in.  Sunday and Monday nights (and some Saturdays) there's karaoke starting at 11. Wednesday nights, they have Let It Rawk, which is all 70s, 80s, and 90s music.  There's even a goth night on Fridays!  (Cause what goth kid doesn't want to hang out in a zombie bunker bar, right?) I'm not one for dancing, but they have plenty of room for it if you are.  I'll probably be the one sitting at the bar watching.
4	I'm a huge zombie fan! This bar is awesome! The artwork on the wall is pretty amazing itself. I like coming here when they have The Walking Dead showings. The drinks are a good price as well compared to other places in Vegas. They aren't as string as I'd like them to be though.
3	Food was ok, atmosphere was like a bar I would open in a mini mall after watching the walking dead then giving up when 80% completed. Drinks where creative.  Staff was nice.I'm into the dark seedy bars, but atmosphere could be worked on.  A goth/industrial bar probably shouldn't have Genesis playing on the TV's.Not a bad stop if you like novelty acts. I would go again.  I always root for the underdog when it comes to business.  We went early so no one was in the place at 8pm.  Maybe it picks up later for their Scary Karaoke.We traveled from a hotel/casino, if you do, get the taxi information so you have a ride back.
5	I came here for CRITICAL Friday night.   I was not disappointed!   The staff was super friendly, they use east coast water to make their pizza, and the music was killer!
5	Pretty cool decor. Inexpensive and their shot  drink was yummy, wish I could've seen the other place but it's okay still cool to check out if ur into the zombie thing!Definitely fun and an original idea! Saw the Bar Rescue episode and it was great that came up with this idea even tho the owners original idea was cool, but this new idea is better!
2	Been wanting to come here for a while but didn't know what to expect. First off came in on a Sunday during the walking dead it was great I love the walking dead been a fan since day one. Loved the surround sound big tvs everything was great about that aspect . Second the drinks are not that great And the anbient was ok a lot of Goths tho lol Overall for the walking dead I would come in to watch it but I'll sneak my henny and coke in :) lol
4	Pizza is really good! Service is great. Expected the decor to be a little better but they moved locations from the bar rescue episode. "The pizza is DEADLY addictive. And the bartender is DROP DEAD gorgeous."-Stuart
4	We went on a Saturday at 6:30PM and stayed until 12:00AM. Apart from our group of 6 there were only another 4 or so people that came in through out the night. We ordered an appetizer of mushrooms. The taste was good but I was disappointed with the portion size - not worth the money. We ordered the Pizza and it was very good. My favorite was the Island Heat pizza. They had really unique flavors that I thoroughly enjoyed.  The owner waited on us all night and he was very nice. It was a karaoke night and since we were pretty much the only people there we got to sing a ton of songs. Overall it was fun. I think the location and decor really narrow down their market of people who want to come here which is to bad because the pizza is REALLY good.
5	Second time here. Love this place. Kinda tucked away and a big local hang out.  Pizza and machete bread is so yummy. Signature drinks are so good! Gteat sound system and a great place for The Walking Dead screenings. Rolling Rocks $3 cant beat it. Super friendly staff and huge fans of horror flicks. Such a great time.Appocalypse pizza is the best with their dough shipped in from Boston. Love love love it!Bartender Chris is such a cool cat. Owners are usually here and are also super friendly.  We need a place like this in southern California.
4	In town for a trade show and came in with my boss after my wife mentioned there was a zombie bar that she recently saw on "Bar Rescue".  It was a Friday or Saturday night after 7 and we were the only customers there.  I met the owner, and he is a cool cat.  We talked almost the entire time.  I'm not a big fan of fufu drinks but loved the drink that had a twinkie in it. The pizza is in my top 3 pizzas ever eaten.  I guess the dough is shipped in daily from somewhere back east.  The toppings were so eclectic and tasted so good together.  They are in a different building than the one that appeared on the show because they had roof issues.  They moved next door to a smaller place.  The only knock on it is that it was so freakin' dark that I could barely see my hand in front of my face.They do a karaoke Rock Band on Xbox or something like that.  He said that it's really popular.  I'll take his word for it.  I'm really disapointed that they aren't in the same building that was in the tv show.  I watched it after my trip and was left feeling disappointed but I'll definitely come back just for the pizza.
4	I went on a Tuesday night, there were only a few people there, of course because how much slower can you get than a Sun-Weds night? My friends referred me to the Bar Rescue episode this place was featured on after I mentioned I was hooked on Walking Dead once I discovered them a year ago and binge watched every season, now I wish I lived in Vegas so I could come here to watch season 5 when it starts in Oct.  The pizza was awesome I'm going back for more.  I wanted to try all the cocktails but I had to drive, so maybe next time.  I wish they had drafts *hint* :-)  Kris is friendly and cool.
4	Was here about 10 pm on Sat/27 Sep:- There was 1 patron at the bar and a group of 5 at a table, so kinda mellow.- The bartender and the DJ(?) were zombie/apocalypse made-up, so that was cool.  I really like the world's end decor/theme, don't know if this bar is connected to the The Zombie Apocalypse Store down the street (which I also like).  Maybe they can do some cross-promotion.- I asked for a bartender's choice, she elected to make me an Apocalypse(?), the drink with the Twinkie slice.  A little too foo-foo and sweet for me, should have ordered a Long Island.- Drink was a reasonable $6.25 plus $1 convenience fee for using my credit card.- Their old, larger location next door is now Gyu-kaku Japanese BBQ restaurant (which I intend to try).  I had never been to The End's previous location, but I'll make it a point to go to its current incarnation since I really need a walkable, cool neighborhood bar to drink at.   - Looking forward to trying their pizza which is made with dough flown in from Boston (wouldn't that make their pies exorbitant?).  Bartender gave me a menu in case I ever want delivery, and the menu includes coupons (eg $18.95 large pizza for the price of a $13.95 medium size).
3	I have been wanting to come here since I saw the bar in Bar Rescue. Plus what guy isn't into zombies? Here is my take on the survival zone.Exterior: Let me first start by saying the bar has moved one building over and is not in the original location you see on tv. There was an orange neon sign that said "drink here if you want too live" but I did not see one with the businesses name. There were 3 hearse vehicles parked outside the front which I thought was cool and unique. The front doors were also unique and looked like rusted sheet metal or the doors to a shelter.Interior: The building was dimly lit but it worked well with the overall theme. There were a few tables to your left with cool lighting effects with zombie hand shadows under them, there was a stage to your far left and a DJ booth, the kitchen was straight ahead, and the bar was to your right. I loved the wall art and various other decor they had inside, it did feel like a shelter. There was about 20 people inside that all had a gothic nature and appeal to them, my group definitely didn't fit in but it was a good time.Bar: This is exactly how my conversation went with the bartender.Me - Can I get a Jack and coke please.Bartender - We are out of Jack.Me - Do you have any Jameson?Bartender - We are out of Jameson.Me - Captain Morgan and coke?Bartender - We are out of captain but we have Sailor Jerrys.Me - Just give me that then please.WHO IS OUT OF ALL THAT ALCOHOL!?!?! The bartender was actually a really nice girl with cool artwork and she could have a good time but she is not given the supplies needed. I tried a shot drink in a syringe called "The End" as they were also out of the ingredients to make another drink I asked for, it was a cool concept but was way to sweet for my liking, I can see women liking it though. Most drinks were $7 each so not too bad and the syringe shot was $5.25.Food: I asked for a menu so we could order food and got a printer flyer, atleast get some decent menus. We ordered a large "Zombie Stopper" pizza which had pepperoni, sausage, scallions, serrano peppers, banana peppers, and hot sauce. It was absolutely DELICIOUS, by far one of my best pizzas in Vegas. However it was given to us with paper plates, once again on the cheap side, I get it if you don't want to hire a dishwasher but some plates would go a long way. I also heard the dough is flown in from Boston. Staff: The bartender was great given the limited supplies she had and I will go one more time to give her another shot. The owners were there and cooked our pizza but did not interact with the guests much.I would of happily gave them 5 stars but took one away for the lack of drinks available and one for how cheap the owners are when it comes to buying basic essentials for their bar and restaurant business.
2	I'd rather gouge my eyes out with real syringes and throw all my money at the ghost of Pat Robertson than give another dollar to this bar that serves just juice cocktails. Okay, okay, the music is ok. Stars for music but no stars for the bar. And thank you to the person who have out the glow-in-the-dark bracelets. Star for that, too.
5	I come here at least 2 times a week after work. The atmosphere is so unique. The bargirls dress up like zombies. The owners are cool. Service is prompt. The whole zombie theme is cool. Even the alcoholic drinks are zombie themed. The location is convenient in Spring Valley just 1 mile from the Strip just past the Chinatown mall. As for the food - I eat the zombolie and it's delicious. They get their dough from Boston fresh daily and it shows. Much better pizza products here then the cardboard tasting junk you get at chain restaurants.If you are a visitor or local and want to check out a unique bar with a cool theme and no tourist prices I highly recommend!
4	Cool bar, good drinks, cool owners. If I was local this would be my watering hole for sure!
5	I miss this place. My buddies used to throw Jungle / Drum n Bass clubs in their old location (the one on the Bar Rescue). Truth be told, while they put some awesome stuff in there, the old setup they had was pretty awesome too (back when it was called "Underworld"). Been to many a great show there. They moved locations (1 building over) shortly before my friends stopped doing clubs there on a weekly basis. I really wish they'd set something back up with them.The pizza is F%^#*& great. And the owners (and employees) are good people. I like a place I can walk into after only being there handful of times and have them remember me and what drinks I like and be able to recommend new stuff. Once they know you, it's one of those places where you can get away with plenty of good-natured trash talk, lol. The decorations are sweet. Love that "metallic" mural of a post-apocalyptic Vegas, and the the table that had hologram zombie hands that like "chase" you around it. And the zombie arms coming out of the walls and stuff.This place is super underrated. Give it a shot!
3	I've been wanting to check this place out for quite some time. Finally got the chance to go for a friend's birthday and I have to say I was a little let down.The atmosphere is zombie-themed which is pretty cool. I liked the lit up green tables and the bar. I ordered a Lost Vegas (Sprite, Vodka, Grenadine). The bartender informed me that they were checking to see if they had anymore vodka and if not she would have to make my drink with rum or something else. They ended up finding more vodka and my drink was okay. My friend went to the bar to order a Jameson and gingerale - out of Jameson. So he tries for a Jack and gingerale - out of Jack, too. Then he decides to just get a Lost Vegas - now they were out of grenadine. She ended up making it with cranberry juice for the lack of grenadine and it was actually really good. The bartender was great though, very friendly and helpful.I probably would have left this review at 2 stars, but bumped it up for the food because it was awesome! We had the pepperoni bread and devoured it in seconds. I'd come back just for the food.Overall I just get a very rundown vibe from this place. The women's bathroom door doesn't lock properly, I accidentally walked in on a girl in there. As others have mentioned, the menus are paper flyers. This place could definitely use some TLC.
5	Visiting Las Vegas from Miami Florida I saw this Bar on Bar Rescue and had to go to this bar.  Let me say I was not disappointed, I came in on a Monday with my sister, father , and soon to be brother in law, It was around 5:50 pm when the bar just opened and no one was in quite yet, The bartender who was helping us was very friendly and approachable shame I did not get her name as I would have wrote her name on this review, but she was very sweet and made the experience better, Then for the owner Kris who was on Bar Rescue he was there and he was super friendly and to find out he was also from Miami FL made it even better!!! Myself and family really clicked and chatted with him my father talked business with him as myself and soon to be bro in law chatted Bar Rescue with him and then about  Tampa and Miami!!! I will come back next time for their pizza as we only had a beer and soft drinks when we stopped by. I will say as a former resident of Las Vegas this place had that neighborhood locals vibe,For those visiting from Miami, Tampa or FL and are Dolphins fans Kris will make you feel at home while visiting Vegas. Plus to see that this is one of the Bars that listen to Jon Taffer's advice and kept to the formula of his "Bar Science" and showed that both Kris and Taffer were awesome and will always be back here every time I visit from Miami
2	Looks pretty cool, nice selection of beer and drinks and food was really good. Good staff too. But what's with the music? Seriously walk in to the titanic theme song followed by brittany spears, lady gaga and kesha. Now don't get me wrong, i actually like all those artists, but not playing at a 'zombie' bar. A bit pricey too. The worst part was there was NOTHING to do. No dancing, no pool table, no darts, and of course no women... This place has a lot of potential but this last visit was a major let down. Only gave 2 stars because the bartender was cool
1	Saw this on Bar Rescue, decided to check it out when we were in Vegas on Dec 9th. There were like 10 people there, all smoking, ventilation sucked, so we were breathing in second hand smoke. But it's a bar in LV, so you expect it to be a lil smokey. You know what you also expect in a bar, your favorite alcohol. They were out of Jameson. Out of Crown. I did have a generous shot of Jack, but to me seemed watered down. Next time I'm up in Vegas, I'd probably give it another chance, cuz I do love the zombie apocalypse theme.
