3	Another place in Pittsburgh that I thought I had previously reviewed but somehow missed!Braddock's Street Side Grill/Bar resides inside the Renaissance Pittsburgh Hotel - a Marriott property. There is an entrance from both the street and from inside the hotel.It's a small bar, but it's a good place to hang out, drink, and grab a bite to eat, assuming you want to eat earlier. They don't serve food here past 10:00 pm or so - which is kind of lame. Because of the nature of the downtown area in which the hotel is located, there are not a lot of residents - so most of the restaurants seem to close early. It's a damn shame too - as this place is missing out on offering more service to both hotel patrons and others in the area.I stayed at this hotel 3 years ago for 3 days. During that stay, a majorly scary bout of severe weather pounded a large area of the upper midwest, including the Pittsburgh area - with unprecedented thunderstorm activity, flooding, and Tornadoes. Many of the hotel guests gathered in the Bar to drink and watch the Weather Channel and local weather station reports coming in - there were myriad Tornado watches and warnings - some not very far from Pittsburgh.I pounded a few beers and single malt scotches during that scary period, and ate in the bar every night.This last stay this past week - we came in to order food - and were informed that since it was after 10:00 pm - no food was available. I'll say it again - LAME! EPIC FAIL!I like this little bar - but it's hard for me to give it more than 3 stars due to the food hours...
4	Good local/regional beer selection.  Fantastic bourbon selection.  Great house-made Chips.  If a person were to read my review of the Renaissance Pittsburgh Hotel they would see my reference to this bar, wherein one can have:FunLaughsSnacksConversation about Justin Bieber with Miss SamanthaPretty much an all-around good time.  And I learned how to make a fruit fly trap with a wine bottle and a paper cone.  That knowledge in and of itself is worth coming to a bar and killing some drinks.
4	Braddock's is a small bar located inside the front entrance of the Renaissance Hotel. Usually I avoid "hotel bars" but this one should be set apart from that label. They have excellent beers on tap including some local brews in addition to Victory and....wait...is that Merry Monks on tap!? Oh boy. Looking over both the bar menu and the Braddock's restaurant menu, I decided to keep it simple and get their burger with bacon. Very good. When the bartender, who as first seemed a little grumpy, asked me if I wanted another round, I told him I wanted a Victory. For some reason, he accidentally poured another Merry Monks, realized his error and was going to dump it. I almost had a heart attack and quickly told him to stop, refusing to witness such a tragedy. So, he ended up giving it to me for free. Thank you very much, sir!
3	This could have been 4 stars but the food was a little bit lacking.  First the good.  Very friendly staff behind the bar, with a great selection of hootch.  I had a Braddock Smash which was nice but not something I'd sit around drinking too much.  Now, the Whiskey Sours were well poured and very good.  And the wife's Vodka Tonics were very good, according to her.  And the homemade tater chips were excellent, and very addictive (and us on diets!! Geez).However, the food could have been better.  We ordered off the Brassierre's menu, scallops for me, filet for her.  The scallops were ok but I've had better.  The polenta was a bit cool so not much to say about that.  The wife's filet looked good, had good texture, and was cooked right.  But it didn't appear to be seasoned.  Plus, the bearnaise was awfully thick, or at least thicker than what we're used to.Overall, a good place to drink.  And although the food we ordered was off the mark a bit, I definitely wouldn't mind going back and trying a burger off of their menu (if it wasn't downtown, that is!!).Update -  went back for drinks and dinner with wife and her brother.  This time I had something called the Pittsburgh Ugly sandwich, basically a Reuben with a sliced sausage link on it, topped off by a potato perogie.  What are these perogies y'all eat here?  This one was like trying to eat the cotton ball from a bottle of aspirin.  Yuck!!!  And the sandwich was so dry I could hardly chew it. Did they forget the Russian Dressing?  I'm taking no stars away from my original review but only because I like the bar.  Will not eat anything else here but the homemade tater chips.
3	I enjoy hotel bars as much as the next person: a necessary but not ideal part of life. Braddock's has everything you could want of such a bar. Good, surprisingly inexpensive drinks, including a nice selection of microbrews on tap. A nice atmosphere, including some comfortable couches and a great classic tile floor. Drunken conference travelers. Men loudly explaining things to their younger colleagues. Sloshed local theater goers staying at the hotel for the night. As such, I'm giving Braddock's the highest possible rating I'd give, for a hotel bar.
