4	I went here for my birthday supper.  Nitty Gritty gives the birthday person a birthday mug to fill with free tap beer or soda.  Unlimited refills.  I decided to order the Heartland Burger which is a grass fed beef burger with cheddar cheese and onion strings on a wheat bun. Tasty but the amount of bread in the wheat bun was too much and I had only half a bun with my burger.   The burger was incredibly tasty. I was able to substitute my normal side with a side of onion rings which were delicious as well. My husband made his own mushroom and swiss which was also great.   He substituted his side for cheese curds  which were absolutely delicious.  Our meal was topped off with a free two bite sundae.  What a great way to close a meal.
1	Overall it was a big let down on my birthday. We had a group of 5 and all of us had some sort of issue with our food. All but one if us ordered the special burger of the day and they were horrid.The burger didn't fit the bun and it was under seasoned. We all ended up taking the top portion of our buns off because it was too thick, yet the bottom was soggy and falling apart.  The other person ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and had the same issue with the bun. Also, it was supposed to come with ranch which our waitress didn't bring until after we asked 3 times. I also got my food 20 plus minutes after my group, even though it was the same thing.  The fries were so chewy we barely ate any. Our waitress never apologized for any of the issues and was not attentive to our table at all. We were never offered refills on our drinks even. I did get the free mug and beer at the bar but the bartender was less than accommodating.Needless to say that was the first and last time we will be going there to eat.  Very disappointing.
2	Stopped in for lunch on a Friday afternoon with my husband and cousin. Parking was confusing since there isn't a parking lot and the street parking was full. We all ordered simple vodka diet 7s for our drinks and they had a yucky vanilla taste. For lunch we all tried different burgers and they were all really bland. Not one of us finished ours. The only thing I liked was the waffle fries. Wouldn't recommend stopping in. I feel I'm being nice with two stars.
5	I've been eating at the Nitty since I was a kid.  I've never had a bad experience.  Not once.  I'm thrilled one opened in Sun Prairie because I don't live near the West Side and getting downtown is a pain.  The only problem with the one in SP is the parking.  There's a lot behind the place, but it's mostly for the renters in the Cannery apartments.  You have to park sort of across the street.  It will be a little confusing your first time there.
2	We just got back from our second attempt at the Nitty. Another dismal meal. Like the first time, my burger was barely warm and my fries were cold. The burger tasted quite dry even though I ordered it medium. They must press the life out of it when it's on the grill. We thought it was quite expensive for disappointing food. We had two beers each and 2 burgers total. Our bill was $45! If you want a really great burger and great beer selection, head one block over to Eddies Ale House. WAY better!
4	We went to the Nitty Gritty for my birthday at the end of December. It was a Saturday, and we had to settle for brunch because of babysitting issues. You can't park in the lot by the front door (it is reserved for the other businesses in the strip mall) but we didn't have a problem with street parking (though there are lots of condo/apartments in the area, I don't know if this is an issue at night). I got this spectacular sandwich. They call it the Orchard, and it has cheese and apple on a lovely brioche bun (the menu said sausage, too, but I didn't detect it and was happy to not have it anyway). Oh, and it came with these terrific seasoned potatoes on the side. It was a bunch of different potatoes: white, purple, and I think a sweet one, too.  If you have the birthday mug you can drink for free from a small list. I went with the rum punch and regretted it. I have a very active sweet tooth, but that rum punch was too sugary for me. So I got a pink mimosa (the Mad Town or something? they all have different names and varied ingredients) and loved it.
1	I can vouch for friendly staff, good cocktails and a decent beer list -- but unfortunately I'm on the bandwagon that hopes the iconic Gritty hires some quality kitchen staff and soon. You shouldn't have to make excuses for the bad food, friendly manager guy! And really, there is no explaining bad brats and curds; it's Wisconsin for cripes sakes. Marsh would be embarrassed.
2	I ordered a salad with chicken for lunch. When it came, it was hard to distinguish the tomatoes b/c they were so small and pale pink. Some of the lettuce was rotten. It took almost 30 minutes for our lunches to come out, and the place was not busy.
1	We visited the Sun Prairie Gritty today for the first time.   We did have a party of 8 including 3 young boys but it was not a birthday party.   The restaurant was about half full.   Overall the food was boring when it wasn't downright poor.   I had a taste for a bratwurst but what I was served was an awful excuse.   My wife's Gritty burger was OK though served cool.   There may have been a problem in the kitchen as it took nearly 30 minutes for our order to arrive.   I would not return to this Gritty and would have reservations about visiting the venerable downtown Gritty...hopefully that hasn't sunk to this level.   Marsh?
4	Read the list of less than flattering reviews but decided to give the place a chance for a birthday dinner.  Our food was very good comparable with all of the Gritty food we have had.  Big improvement to the restaurant that used to be in this location.  Glad to have them in Sun Prairie.  The service was very good!
2	My meal was rather disappointing.  The medium burger was cooked rare, requested the hard roll bun, but it came with the standard honey bun.  Menu has nice variety and atmosphere is neat change from standard chains.  For the price you need to at least match Culvers in quality of burger.
5	We went last night to celebrate grandmas 86th birthday. I had the gyro burger special which was very good. Grandma was thrilled with her birthday mug of Sierra mist. Our server Meghan was friendly and cheery.
3	I returned to the Gritty with a friend. It was getting late on a Friday and we'd had a couple of beverages already. I called ahead to ask how late they served food (since the website gave me the times for the other locations but not for this one) and was told 11pm. Woo-hoo!! We scurried down there and managed to find very close street parking. I had the falafel burger and loved it (would eat another one right now if I had it). My friend had a burger and liked it a lot. The fries were also good. Right before 11 they started putting chairs on tables and sweeping, which is not the most welcoming thing to see, but I did understand that they didn't want to wait forever for us to finish up.
4	Recently, we stopped in for the first time.  We went during Sunday Brunch.  The drinks and food came out fast.  I ordered the chipotle burger with fries and they were both very good.  My husband got the Gritty burger with steamed vegetables which ended up being asparagus and red peppers and those were great.  The only negative was that it took about 10 minutes for our server to get our check after we paid and that wasn't too bad.   We'll probably be back.
4	A group of us watched the Badgers basketball game last night. The place was very busy and noisy but our waitress was exceptional and we were treated very good. We had appetizers that were great and were brought out quickly. We will be going back.
2	I really like the ambience here, so I'll probably be back for drinks. But the food is awful. My burger wasn't cooked right, suffered from too much grease (and resulting sogginess), and the garnish was mostly composed of a GARGANTUAN lettuce butt. It really peeved me to think that a person with any cognitive abilities at all would slap that on a burger. Two thumbs WAY down.
1	Horrible service; food is marginal.  Went on a Sunday for lunch with 6 friends and our waitstaff didn't inform us of specials, didn't want to answer menu questions, and knew nothing about the gluten free menu.  She brought us a wrong order and acted offended when it was returned.  We won't be back.  Save your $ and find a better restaurant with decent service.
5	Huge fan of the breakfast/brunch menu. It's the best place in Sun Prairie for "bar" food like your burgers and appetizers. Great 4-6 happy hour 1/2 priced taps and apps special. Holds up well to the Nitty Gritty Gold standards. No clue what the idiots with low ratings were doing while they were here.
5	The burgers and sandwiches are seriously amazing! Very tasty & juicy... The staff is always friendly and very attentive and helpful. The pretzel chicken sandwich is a must try...so unique and so delicious! Very fun and casual atmosphere... Never too loud or too quiet.
2	Boy, I don't know what happened to this place.  It was good like the other Gritty locations when it first opened.  It's definitely gone downhill.  Service is lacking - we had to wave at our server multiple times before hunting her down for a beer refill.  When we received our sandwiches, they were disgusting.  My grilled buffalo chicken sandwich had an unusual (bad) char taste to it and so did the bun.  It took several hours/beverages, etc before the char taste left my mouth.  There was no sauce on it and the side of ranch was missing.  My husband's medium Gritty burger also had the same weird burnt flavor to it and so did his bun.  We didn't advise the server of our issues since we needed to get going and didn't have time to wait for new orders.  We ordered chocolate milk and they must pour syrup in it and mix it up - this time, the milk was white and the syrup was clumped in the bottom.  We have noticed a decline in popularity of this restaurant - there are fewer people patronizing this place then when we've visited for lunch previously.  Bring back consistency and this place will do well again since Sun Prairie lacks all kinds of dining options.
1	Seriously? We never go out for burgers, but we felt like checking out The Nitty Gritty tonight. We decided to sit outside because it was beautiful out. We had at least three different servers walk by us several times without uttering a word to us. Four other groups came in after us, were immediately attended to and served drinks. One server had to completely walk around us in order to get to the other tables. It was impossible to not see us. While we realize we probably weren't purposely ignored, it sure felt like we were. After 20 minutes (yes, we literally timed it) we walked out. We even decided to give them one last shot by talking to the host/hostess, but they were unapologetic and disinterested. We will never go back.
2	We have tried this place multiple times. Drink prices are high. Last lunch experience they messed up a salad and chic strips. How does that happen? Salad was missing items. Strips were freezer burnt and came out dry and cold. Also had chili which was tasty, but no cheese. No cheese on chili?  C'mon!
3	Three stars because I had some good times late night just drinking beer from a bottle with friends. I think it was more so the friends and the night not the Nitty Gritty. Won't go into the gory details on food and service we experienced two times I dined at the NG. It wouldn't be polite to the business to express my disgust with the service and poor food. Visit the bar for drinking though. The atmosphere is actually impressive. Nitty gritty is all what you make of it. To me, it's a bar. I get the impression they want to be a restaurant but no one I know or even based on my own personal experiences dining have enjoyed the food. It really is some nasty grub. Both in presentation and taste. Service is same. Our server (both times) looked and behaved like she was picked up off the side of the road and drug in to work. Dirty finger nails and bad hygiene. Other server we had looked hung over and scuzzy uzzy, not very good hygiene and scruffy tattooed appearance. Forgot to put one of our plates in and didn't really seem apologetic or caring. Good thing the drinks kept flowing. Poor food with poor service is not good. Uggh, I contradicted myself and said I would not go into gory details. Oh well, let's just say we noticed staff slapping eachother with menus and horsing around while we were still waiting on one of our plates that the kitchen was dragging to arrive at the table. I get it, mistakes happen. Horse play by 20 and 30 year olds is not a mistake. Server's thumb with dirty nails was touching our food too on second visit. 3 stars is overly generous. I'm a generous person, what can I say. I still tipped 20% for service that was totally unacceptable and sandwiches that were. ....don't even know how to explain. Bar food meets reasonable prices meets poor execution meets slop meets a 50lb bag of salt meets the back of a sysco truck meets run of the mill bar food meets another nitty gritty location.
2	Good place to have some drinks and watch sporting events but would not recommend the food.
2	How this place wins best burger is beyond me.  Go for the cheap beer, college vibe and drunk co-eds.  I have no idea why anyone would go for the food.
4	Appreciated the free beer on my bday. Wait staff and kitchen may have had an off day. Fun environment.
