4	Too funny, first of all Julia S and I set out today to use my coupon book and where do we end up? Cafe International with no coupon. We get way suckered into fun. We just can't help it. Julia S told me she wanted to go to Cafe International because taxis were always outside, little did we know  some of the Cafe International family drives cabs.  A man with a Carolina Cab jacket sat us and gave us menus.  I loved this.We sit down to a crazy, festive little restaurant, with a bar and a tiny room off to the side with a pool table. Very interesting. They stay open till 2a and serve food til midnight. So if you need get your injera (Injera is a yeast-risen flat bread with a unique, slightly spongy texture.) on before midnight, this is the place.We shared a veggie plate with salad, greens, lentil mush mix and a potato, carrot, onion mixture. I have to say, I loved it, it's quirky and comforting. If you haven't eaten Ethiopian food, you don't get a fork, just go for it, scoop up everything with the blanket of bread and most importantly, the food is served on the injera, start with the injera with the food on it. These are the best bites. Don't wait til you are full to start enjoying the most perfect bites.It was also very inexpensive, our lunch was $10. I have been craving Ethiopian food for two weeks, you would think that I had my fill, it's really just unleashed the beast. I want more.
4	If your crazy aunt had a wood paneled trailer with a trellis bar and made simple, good Ethiopian nosh for you whenever you visited, it would not be unlike this place. And yeah, I totally go for that "eat where the cabbies eat" stereotype. I mean, there's always a couple in the deep line at the McD's near my casa so it isn't a cardinal rule or anything, but this time, it did not steer us wrongly.We were the lunch crowd but that didn't mean that the food wasn't out reasonably fast and nicely prepared. Same price as Red Sea for the veg combo - and while I prefer their misir wat, I dug CI's collards (salty, fresh, greaseless) and salad (super fresh, sweetness, cold) a whole lot more. There was an empty spot on our platter would have had yellow split peas at Meskerem or Lamb/Chicken if you were ordering meat but still - a tasty platter and surely enough for two to share, meaning the bottom line was 5 bucks a piece. Killer.Half the menu is vegetarian friendly pasta specials. Someone didn't want none of that so we didn't try, but I will, in the hopes that there's berbere up in that tomato sauce. We'll see.
3	Accurately described by my foodie friends, Tonya & Julia. When I arrived, there were 10 taxis lining the parking lot; I became giddy knowing I was in for the real deal. Since I'm in my vegetarian phase, I ignored all the meat dishes and went directly to the veggie platter. The photo on the menu is a bit deceiving because the tray that I got looked significantly different. Only 3 items arrived: red lentils, potato dish, and a salad. They ran out of the collard greens item, but didn't tell us until asked; thankfully they didn't charge the entire price. The main chef, didn't know the green bean dish that is typically found on the veggie platters. The food was good, but not as flavorful as I've had before. The atmosphere differently is basic, yet clean. You don't go here for romance or to show off. The service was very friendly and attentive and was the highlight of the experience. All in all, a good place to try.
4	I'm going to back up Tonya P. and say this place is cabbie central and for good reason - the food is quality comfort Ethiopian style and keeps the perfect cabbie hours. But be warned, come later in the evening and be subjected to African techno DJ's which is pretty awesome except if you're eating a dinner for 1 at 9:30pm while trying to read a book and forget your hellish Wednesday ever happened.Which is exactly the reason I came to Cafe - I love Ethiopian and wanted something to brighten my spirits. The service was quick and constant - they're very interested in what you think of the food! :) I ordered the vegetarian entree and the short version of this story is: NOM!!!!!!!! Not a morsel left on the plate thanks to a day of me forgetting to eat, but for a normal meal the portions are large and generous. I'd love to be able to tell you what I had but honestly, just like Red Sea, I have no clue but it was delish. A nice little salad with Italian dressing, a potato dish, a curried kind of dish and then 2 other "mystery" dishes were all served on the spongy Holy Grail of my heart aka Injera. Perks goes out to Cafe Int'l for giving me 2 servings of it too - you know this hot mama needs double to get all these finger-foods goodness.If you haven't tried Ethiopian before, this is a great place to check it out and have some fun (I always think Eth. is the best date to go on with someone new - you learn a lot about the person and have some fun eating with your hands in the process!). For Ethiopian gurus, pull up a seat here at the Cafe - you won't be disappointed!
