4	Came here during the wine walk. I'm not exactly sure when it opened, but I know it must've been recently. The crew members are very friendly and knowledgeable. The menu has a lot of items ranging from white choco mocha, caramel apple cider, mocha coconut frappe, lattes, and smoothies. I ended up just getting a refreshing iced tea (it seems like that's all I've been getting at coffee shops lately). I wanted a frappe, but I didn't feel like spending $3.95 on a small that was going to melt the second I walked out the doors. I took a seat and enjoyed their free wifi for about 20 minutes, before they closed at 8pm :/Even though I was only there for 20 minutes, I already knew I liked it. The shop is very spacious, there are a lot of tables, and the internet is fast! I also noticed they have a lot of pastries and even parfaits. I liked that there weren't many people there because it made for a calm ambiance. Next time I come, I'll definitely try their coffee. The aroma was pretty sexy...
5	AMAZING coffee shop!  Wonderful staff and delicious pastries and drinks!  Came in here one morning while in town visiting family and am so glad  I discovered this place.  I will be coming back again and again :) Thanks Coffee Cantata!!!
5	Delicious coffee served by a friendly staff. Great selection of pastries...my 4 year old highly recommends the blueberry muffins :). Great little coffee shop!
4	So, I'm a big coffee drinker!  I can't stop it,  LOLI lived in Seattle drinking coffee @local coffee shop all the time when I was still in college, so go figure :) :)This place used to be a Saxbys Coffee before, but when I went in, the whole place seemed to be changed.  I tried their drinks while I was showing my cousin and my sister around the Montelago Village on one cold day of November ( Actually, Paolo D & Anthony M were shooting the landscape shots on the same day.  Sorry, I couldn't join with you guys for a "UYE #3 Photo Walk")I noticed that they have a Seasonal Drinks on the menu.  Of course all the Coffee shops are offering the winter beverages right now and I had to try out Coffee Cantata's Choice.  **The Seasonal Hot Beverages: Red Velvet, Pumpkin Spice, Peppermint & Gingerbread LatteI had a Gingerbread latte and others had their Red Velvet Latte.  It was pretty good and sweet!  They have a very cozy atmosphere to sit and chat with a friend or two.  I do have to say the drinks here are a bit pricey, probably because of its location, but the taste and atmosphere of the place makes up for it. I wish the Coffee Cantata stays for a long time :)  The hours are M-F from 7am to 8pm!To me,  local coffee shops usually offer a better blend of beans for their java and  I love to try other coffee drinks here on my next visit. Does anyone know about the slogan,"KEEP AUSTIN WEIRD"?  When I was visiting the City of Austin, Texas.., Many local places were selling T-shirts, mugs, hats, & bumper stickers with this slogan on it. I've learned that the Keep Austin Weird slogan was born from an offhand comment made during a radio broadcast and was adopted by the Austin Independent Business Alliance to promote local small business.  We have more of big chain companies in this town but I hope we have more local businesses in the neighborhood someday.  I'm so sad to see all these small businesses hurting with the economy right at this moment.  Just another reason why I'm strongly support my independent local coffee shops.
4	A fact: At this location, Starbucks then Saxbys folded. Now the torch has been carried on to Coffee Cantana.  On my three visits here, I had good experiences. I enjoyed the drip coffee and  pumpkin spice late. I especially enjoyed the later.The prices were right. I have never had to wait for a table. On the last couple of visits I sat at a table overlooking the village. The outside tables  afford great views for people watching. December is a great time to sit in this area, because Lake Las Vegas transitions to a Christmas village.   I have also used Coffee Cantana for getting a snack. At this time Subways and inexpensive eateries seem nonexistent in Lake Las Vegas. As the pictures show, there is a good selection of pastries. For me, a coffee and bagel did a decent job filling me up.   Customer service is a big part of my cafe and restaurant reviews. The staff is attentive and personable.   I'm probably in the minority in using Lake Las Vegas as a trail head to Dessert Wetlands Park and the River Mountain Loop Trail. After  long hikes their cold beverages are welcoming. There are cold coffee based drinks and a refrigerator of cold beverages.   Coffee Cantana has done a good job carrying the torch that Starbucks then Saxbys dropped at this location. My review based on visits up to now is 4 stars. I am a fan.
