1	I have been to another location of Ted Wiens and was very impressed by the service. My check engine light came on so I decided that I would try my luck again. I parked next to a sign in the parking lot. Unfortunately, I did not realize that when they had placed the sign on the ground (it was staked into a parking line) they had left nearly half a foot of the stake exposed. My poor tired was impaled as I was backing out. I was leaving because when I arrived at Ted Wiens, I waited for nearly 20 minutes without being acknowledged by any one of the staff members who were in and out of the office. When I alerted the manager about my tire situation his response to me was "well, what do you want me to do about it?" He offered to give me a tire at cost, but I had an extra one at home that I went to pick up. When I brought my tire in, the person at the front desk took a look at it and said "that tire won't fit your car." She neglected to notice that my rims are aftermarket and obviously I had brought the proper tire. The manager told her that I needed them to put the tire on and do a smog check. I never said ANYTHING about a smog check. They put my tire on and did not bother to tell me that they were finished for almost another 15 minutes which wouldn't have been incredibly terrible if the air conditioning had been working. Yes, this is important when it is a 106 degree day. I am disgusted by the way the situation was handled and the severe lack of customer service exhibited by the employees I dealt with at this location.
1	I have been to this Ted Wiens a couple of times & have'nt had any problems."Keep in mind that I only went there for a tire change & smog check". Though this last time was over the top the worst.Scenerio: I had been noticing my girlfriends car blowing out white smoke when I start it & during travel..."which is never good". I took my truck in & after 1 hour from the time I dropped it off they said that they cleaned something (I forget) & that the problem was solved, they suggested that I get 2 other things done as a precaution & all of this would be under $500. Feeling better that it was'nt anything major I told them to go ahead. The next day after this service I notice the same problem, took it back to them & they said to keep driving it & it will eventually go away. 3 days went past with NO relief so I took it to Findlay Toyota were they broke the bad news. My girlfriend had sludge,(which they showed me) in the motor & to get the smoke to stop it would cost $5000 for a new one or $3000 to clean this one. If I would've known this from Ted Weins I would've not gone through with the $500 repair. I went back to Ted Weins & they said Toyota was wrong,(even after I saw it with my own eyes) & after arguing with the rude manager & the mechanic who worked on my car(who was puffing up his chest like he wanted to fight) they gave me $62 back for the labor. That was a crock of bull!!!
5	I am satisfied customer and would absolutely return to this Ted Wien's location. The Manager, Mike is a stand up guy who really jumped in when things went seriously south. The short story: My oil light came on on my Land Rover, drove it in, they fixed me up immediately, recommended some future work and on I went. Cut to approx 2 wks later,  I returned to get what was supposed to be a simple job done,  and soon went from simple to over the next several days, receiving calls, informing me even more work was required. I was beyond consolation. I dropped everything and went in to speak with the Manager. That's when I met Mike. He listened to me intently, promised he would look into it and sort this out.  Indeed he did.Mike was straight up and honest, told me what was going on, worked it out with me, provided me frequent updates....car  fixed. Good as new.I immediately returned the following week, with my son's car and received exceptional service.  They even dropped the car off for me.Wow.
1	I noticed at lunch that my car was slow to start. Since this location came up as closest to my office, I went to have my battery looked at.  Sure enough they said it needed to be replaced. They were really good about replacing the battery in under an hour so I could get back to work timely.  However ...I didn't use my car for a week around Christmas and went back to pick it up on New Years.  Dead.  Deader than dead.  Ridiculously dead.  This $%^& battery was LESS THAN 6 WEEKS OLD.  It was manufactured in Aug '11, installed in Nov '11, and DEAD by New Years '11.  I was so busy working things related to CES that I'm just now able to get it taken care of - 30 days later.All my "car guy" friends said "Well if the battery is brand new, its probably your starter." and I accepted that as the car is now 5 years old so it didn't seem unreasonable.  I got it towed to T&M on Silverado Ranch expecting to walk out with a minimum $500 bill and got a call that everything would total $47.  I probably shouldn't have to pay the $47 either since the battery WAS 6 WEEKS OLD when it died, but T&M was helpful with the tow and everything else and I think its a fair price for their time.T&M said the battery wasn't salvagable and he couldn't believe the thing had only been manufactured a few months back.  Luckily I have towing through my insurance or this would have cost another $100 and I would have been $100 more pissed.In short, I'm not happy I paid $116 for a battery that LASTED 6 WEEKS, but I'm glad I found a better repair place as a result.
4	I'm not a fan of having to have my car worked on, but the guys at Ted Weins were really really great! I had some weird leaking going on with my Jeep and they had it fixed up and ready to go in no time. They gave me a great deal too and gave me some tips about how to keep my Jeep maintained in the summer.
1	I usually use Yelp to write good reviews about company's but Ted Weins is by far the worst auto shop I have ever been to! I started having problems with my SUV back in June. I took it to Ted Weins because it was right next to my house. They said they fixed the problem and it cost me $1100 to fix my car. Two weeks later it starts having the same problem so i take it back, I get my car back and sure enough a week later it's having the same problem. This routine has been going on for the past 3 months, here it is September and I've literally taken it back 10 times for the same problem! Now they're trying to tell me it's a wiring problem and they want to charge me $1800 to repair it. Well what did I pay you $1100 for than if my car is having the same problem? The best part is they couldn't figure it out themselves they had to call another shop for a second opinion. They are extremely inexperienced and gave me an attitude every time I would take it back like its my fault. My advice is if you want to save time and money do NOT take it to Ted Weins! They should just stick to tires because they clearly know nothing about auto repairs.
1	everytime i come here with a government vehicle for an oil change they always find a brake light out. crooks!!!! dishonest !!! thieves!!!!  dont come here!!!!
1	I would give no stars if i could. They ripped me off told me i needed new hoses for powersteering cause there were holes in my hoses. I asked for old part when job was completed no holes!! Priced hoses they overcharged by $100 for part. Then i was told belts were bad. Took old belts to service station and told i could drive to new york and back with belts no need to change yet. All in all was charged $701 for services i didnt need. Spoke to manager he was rude and offered me $150 back after i threated calling the rant and regional manager. Dont go there total rip off!!
1	Everyone seemed nice in there and the place was clean. Also the work they did was good and finished quickly. That's the only reason they get one star.I brought my car in to have the engine mounts replaced. They quoted me a price and I headed to work. I saw that the labor was $340, so I called to verify if that was correct. They assured me that they only charge $100 an hour for service and that was an estimate on labor, which seemed fair. I work in an office and am no mechanic, but I have replaced the engine mounts on a similar vehicle and it only took me an hour. When I picked up the car, labor was still $340. I asked to see the mechanic that took over 3 hours to complete this fairly quick job. The tech told me they use dealer rates for labor. Dealer rates?!?So if you're looking to avoid the high price of dealership rates, do not go to Ted Wiens. They will rip you off just as much as a dealership but won't wash your car before returning it to you.
1	7/22/13What did confuse me was you had the parts listed twice, and then the $320. That seemed about right for the whole job. Then I called over to ask what your hourly rate was thinking that the $320 might be labor, the person on the phone told me a hundred an hour. At that point, I figured the $320 was for the whole job. People don't go to dealerships because of what they charge for labor. You should state that up front. Put a total number for the estimate of labor and parts, not some crazy math equation that only someone  working in your building would understand.Thanks for the reply but it doesn't help. I won't be back.
1	When I approached the service manager with the concern that his people were damaging my car with the way that they were lifting it, he blew me off.  Now I have a jack with my vehicle that I can no longer use the way that it was designed because the "certified technicians" at ted wiens auto smashed my pinch weld flat and bent my rocker panel  with the way that they treated my vehicle.  Stay away, if you care about your car then take it somewhere else.
1	On 06/26/14 at 7:00am, I authorized Ted Weins to replace the transmission on my 1996 Gold Saturn. I was given an estimated completion of a couple of days for repairs. I called to check the status on 06/28/14, as I had heard nothing from the shop. I was told that the part had just come in that day, and that it should be completed by 06/30/14. On 06/30/14 I contacted the shop to find out what time the car would be ready, and was told it would be completed the next day on 7/1/14 by 5:00pm. I informed them I would be by the shop on 7/2/14 to pick up the car, as I had appointments all day on 7/1/14. I arrived at the shop at about 3:30pm on 07/2/14, and was told that again, the car was not ready. I was told there was a leak in one of the seals on the transmission, and to return at 5:00pm so that they could repair it. Upon returning to the shop at 5:00pm, I was informed that the transmission was still leaking and more seals needed replacement, and the vehicle would not be ready until the next day. I asked to speak to the Manager "TJ", and was informed he would be back at 5:30 so I could speak with him about the repeated delays. After waiting for 30 minutes to speak to TJ,  I was informed that he was gone for the day and was not going to be back until the following morning. I received a call this morning that again, the car will not be done, because apparently now they are having difficulty acquiring the seals they would be replacing. When I asked for the manager, I was told he was on vacation. No guess from them on when the car will be fixed. An absolute nightmare. Don't ever take your vehicle to this shop, unless you just want one heck of a snowball on your hands.
3	Interesting place, I brought a car in for an oil change to see what they would do.  I asked for a basic oil change, meaning and I explained this, please only change the oil, top off the fluids and check the tire pressure nothing else.  I do not want the tires pulled off, no brake inspection or anything else done.  They came in and told me a brake light bulb was out and asked if I wanted it changed.  Not sure how they figured this out doing just a basic oil change, but I was told it would be about $20 to change the bulb.  I told them not to worry about it, got the car back and discovered all I needed to do was open the trunk and on the trunk itself was a bulb that easily twisted out in less then 5 seconds, pulled the bulb out went to Autozone and got 2 bulbs for $4.99, took another 5 seconds to put the new bulb in and it was fine.....$20 for parts and labor for ONE bulb???  Interesting how they try and take advantage of people, $17 in labor for a 15 second bulb change....I do thank them for bringing this to my attention but to gouge you for a $2.50 bulb, that shows its about the bottom line here and not the customer.  They could have charged me $3 for the bulb and fixed it for free and you did not need any tools or training to do this.  Disappointed...
2	I appreciate Chris P. you responding to my review, however my issues with your people trying to sell things to people that they really don't need frustrates me and others...I did not get the chance to address this with you until I had it checked out, but I brought my truck in for an oil change a few weeks before I brought the car in with the light bulb issue and I was told my truck needed the tie rod ends replaced.  I was told they were loose and wearing out.  I took my vehicle to another mechanic and had the same items your shop pointed out as needing repair and I was told there was nothing wrong with my tie rod ends or anything else dealing with the under carriage of my truck.  I know sometimes business may be slow, but trying to take advantage of people will not generate good reviews or repeat customers.  Yes, you give a military discount so an oil change at you place, however the stretching the truth of what needs to be done boils down to one of two things;Trying to make money off of unsuspecting customers who may not know any better to achieve the bottom dollar for your store, or mechanics who want to make extra money by spending more time on a vehicle fixing something that really does not need to be fixed.Plain Honest and Ethical workmanship will generate repeat customers and referrals which will exceed the bottom dollar for the store.  I know you have a few guys who really care about the customer and will go out of their way to take care of the customer as I have had this experience here and showed my appreciation to the mechanic with an extra tip, but there are a few who are in question of only supporting the bottom dollar of the store.Again, I thank you for the response and I am happy to see someone who cares enough to read the reviews.
2	I am absolutely not happy with this location. I just found out I had been lied to multiple times. I have also looked up the most expensive parts dealers for the parts I need and still can't justify the outrageous costs for my parts. I was told control arm bushings for my car could not be replaced separately, that I needed the entire control arms on both sides, found out from three other shops and my father who has been a certified mechanic longer than I've been alive but lives in another state that this was total bullshit. Also found out that they were trying to get me to do a brake system flush with the change of my rear brake pads, flushing the brakes is called bleeding the line. Which is automatic with the changing of brakes. The first time I took them my vehicle, they said I needed a transmission flush so I paid for it, a few days later my light comes back on for the same problem only now it's the transmission solenoid. Luckily my warranty paid for that but my time is just as valuable. I swear they think everyone is stupid and that they can just rip people off! I am one extremely dissatisfied customer and feel like I've been cheated and lied to!!! Oh and to top it all off, found out that not only could the bushings be replaced without replacing the entire control arm, but also found out that they could have lubricated them so they wouldn't split as fast! I will sooner drive to another state before I ever let them touch my vehicle again!!!!
1	A year and a half ago Ted Wiens put new tires on my car that I bought online. Fast forward to a year and a half later I went to discount tires to get air in my tires and they told me that my tires were put on backwards.upon inspection they found three out of four tires were damaged due to being put on my car incorrectly. I had to buy new tires and when I call Ted Wiens to recoup my losses they told me too bad they couldn't believe my story they couldn't refund any of my money that I was out so my advice to anyone who reads this is not to get tires installed it Ted weins. A tire store that doesn't know how to install tires is somebody you should stay away from
1	To the person that commented on my post I would understand if maybe one tire failed three out of four of my tires failed I highly highly doubt it was a manufacture defect to try to excuse putting tires on backwards by saying their asymmetrical my tires were directional you in fact your company put them on inside out let's say there is no way to excuse putting tires on incorrectly when you are a tire store the maintenance was done perfectly I rotated my tires every fiveThousand miles I hardly drove the car in fact when I got them replaced I got three quarters of the replacement cost back because there were so few miles on these tires you can't excuse stupidity
1	Just an update to everyone who read my review, Ted Wiens never responded to my review nor would they do anything to fix the issues. They broke the clip to the piece the snaps in under the steering wheel to which I forgot to mention previously. Anyways, I now go to Midas. The repairs are more cost effective, they don't try to cheat me, they actually took new in to see for myself what repairs needed done and they told me which repairs I could wait on if I didn't have the money to fix right away. They have been absolutely wonderful. I will never allow Ted Wiens near my vehicle again. Good day to all!
