4	If you live in the east valley, and are considering signing up at the Gilbert location, do yourself a favor and sign up here (the Ocotillo location) instead.  When you do, you will have total access to Gilbert, and total access to Ocotillo (which is so much nicer than Gilbert).And if you think you can handle an intense cycle class, let me be the first to encourage you to show up for Tracy's (TW) 6pm Thursday cycling extravaganza, or Trish's (TV) HIGH ENERGY classes Wed @ 5:30 and Fri @ 4:30.  I broke a sweat in under four minutes.http://www.mountainsidefitness.com/ocotillo_classes.htmlOh, and bring a water bottle.
4	This is where I go too.  It's pretty nice compared to LA fitness, where I was before.I've gone through a couple instructors in the cycle classes and they all kick my butt.  They have a good selection of classes, but I wish they had more times, they do get kinda crowded.  The tiny yoga studio was poorly thought out.I really really really wish there was a pool.
3	Mountainside is a decent gym with the usual amenities - although they used to give free locks for the lockers and for some strange reason they don't anymore.  That was disappointing.  Lots of classes offered, I prefer spinning and the instuctors are great.  I purchased the $99 Summer membership for 3 months, and recently returned when they offered the Buy One-Get One deal in September.  They usually have some deals and will give them to you even if it's a couple days old.
4	I started going here for the yoga classes as I couldn't find a yoga studo with child care. My kids enjoy their time in the child care here and you can watch them on the TV monitors. Kids can also do the rock wall with or without you and there are a couple of kids classes.I was injured on a bike a while back and came here after doing PT. I've done various yoga classes here and cycle. The cycle teachers are all good. I love Trish's classes because she plays Latin music! I've also worked with one of the trainers- Monty. He's excellent. The training has given me a future.
2	I would find another gym if I were you. It's always crowded so the machines are always full with the free weight section being the worst. The equiptment is old and the place is filthy! No one ever wipes down their station and I've NEVER seen anyone from mountainside do it either. The constantly run out of towels, especially if you get there after 6 and it's not a surprise to have your favorite cardio machine out of order which will remain that way for weeks before it gets fixed. If you like Yoga (no the gentle kind) then the room that they have reserved for it is the size of a bathroom so if you don't get there early you can forget about getting a spot. Spend the extra $10 a month and go to Lifetime instead.
2	I have been going to the "gym" for a long time. I have been a member at several gyms here in the valley and so I feel I can give an informed opinion. This is one of the worst gyms I have been a member of. I do not mind the family oriented gym too much, but the issue here is that kids were constantly under foot. I have been to gyms with day care centers before. Usually kids remain in that area. Maybe it was because I worked out in the afternoon, but kids were always running amok. The employees also don't seem to care much either. I loved standing at the front desk to ask a question and having to wait for the teens to stop talking about who is dating who before they acknowledge you. Or the time I had an appointment with the training manager for personal training and he forgot about me. He asked me to fill out some forms and then just to hold on for a minute and he would come over. So after 45 mins I got sick of waiting and went to talk to him. He was busy having a personal conversation with another trainer there. I know it was personal because I could hear the discussion. I will say I did enjoy the group classes. The group instructors were always on time and energetic. If you enjoy a gym that is overcrowded, has little children running loose and feeling like an inconvenience; then this is the gym for you.
2	I'm still a member here, mostly because it's so close.  I've been trying to keep my workout outside, but since it's getting so hot out I've had to head back inside.  I went in around 11:30am on a Friday, and was bombarded with outside sales going on in the lobby.  You want a scented candle?  How about some jewelry?  Try a new antioxidant drink?  Geez!  It made the entrance crowded and looked unprofessional.  I'm guessing Mountainside gets a cut, otherwise I'm not sure why they would allow this.  Luckily, the sales people associated with these products don't go overboard in there selling tactics, but still.  It's not something that belongs in the gym (unless you have a separate boutique like the Village - love!!).  Our prepaid year is almost up, so I'm thinking we'll be going elsewhere and sacrificing the drive.
4	I've been a member here for about a year now and I am kind of surprise with the not so great reviews. I am fairly satisfied with this facility. It is well maintained, fairly clean and has friendly staff. I guess its an upgrade for me as I previously went to the darn awful ballys and before that, 24 hrs fitness. Though, I am sad that they took out one of my favorite cardio machines, the stepping machine! But they replaced the space with the "hiking" machines which I like also so its okay I guess. The only classes I've been to is cycling, which i absolutely love, love, love! All the instructors were great. They really work your ass but you feel good after!
3	I have gone to many gyms. This is one is good but far from perfect.If I move homes I may not join Mtn again since they have no racquetball courts and charge the same as the LA Fitness's that do.The Good...Staff is very nice.The place is small, which I like.1/4 mile from my house which is why I joined.- I was going to LA Fitness which was nicer, larger, and less expensive AND had racquetball courts which I used all the time.The Average...The snack/juice bar - it is just plain. They have nothing that makes anyone want to buy something there. They need to get creative, have daily or weekly specials... do something creative. I've never purchased anything from there and don't see myself wanting anything they have... and from what I've seen, most people seem to share my opinion since I rarely see anyone buying anything.The Not So Good...Broken equipment was taking months & months to get fixed. I reported items 5,6,10 times and it took 5 months in many cases. They all finally got fixed but many things were broken at the same time. - I think there is a better maintenance guy there now.They constantly have someone or business hocking something in the very small lobby/entry... this place is small so it is often in the way. It is not a huge deal but it gets old. Have them setup on the sidewalk or something out of the way... not in the main walkways where everyone must go around these vendors.No racquetball courts- having 2 courts would not kill you. Honestly this is probably the single largest reason I would not likely sign up if I lived close to LA Fitness or another gym that had courts.
4	Consistently a great club with warm staff, good patrons, and adequate parking.  Included towel service is sweet too. Best part is it is a casual gym and not a singles club where people spend more time sitting on machines vs. working out.
4	I don't have any complaints about this place.  I used to be a member of LA fitness and this is a hell of a lot better than that.  For the most part it is pretty clean, although I don't really consider gyms to be "clean".  I love the fact that all of the ellipticals/treadmills/bikes have their own flat screen.  Some of them don't have clear pictures but I am there to work out so it isn't a big deal to me.
3	Good programs and services, Core fittness trainers are very good.  Overall nice staff, maintinance of equipment is below average and getting worse.  They don't seems to care
2	I have been a member for several years and have utilized Core Concepts training.  Core Concepts is great, they have some good trainers at this location so they get 5 stars.What sucks is the gym and the management team continue to ignore complaints about shoddy equipment.  So for grins after my work out on 8/16 I checked out all the ellipticals, treadmills, stationary bikes, stair climbers etc..Over 50% were in disrepair, ok whats does that mean? Heart rate monitors not working, torn up grips, broken handles, adjustments that didn not work, busted tv's video/audio.For what members are paying, did I mention they sent a letter 8/17 raising fees?, one should get much more for the $$.They just don't seem to care......think twice before signing up or resigning.....
5	This place rocks!  The people are friendly, the atmosphere is inviting, and it seems to just keep getting better!  Smoothie & snack bar, 80+ classes offered every week, on-site personal training, rock wall, childcare (who does NOT bother you when your child needs a changing!!!!!!), and so much more.  It's nice to see that they let local business in the door to set up and sell their products- candles, clothing, olive oils- all items that could be great gifts for someone and you don't have to make a trip to the store!It really seems like a second home :) :) :)
4	I'm writing this review after doing a free 5-day trial that I got from The Color Run.  When/if I sign up, I'll update the review with more long-term experience!Reasons I'm considering joining: It's close to home, clean facility, lots of [nice!] cardio machines, towel service, cleaning wipes available, no gym-stench, a snack bar, childcare (may come in handy someday), a comfortable locker room with a sauna, steam room, enough showers...Reasons I'm hesitant: The price.  Although I feel confident I would actually USE the membership, the price tag does make me rethink it.  Prepaying a year or signing an 18-month contract is cheaper than month-to-month, especially if there are 2 of you, but you need to make sure you know how the enrollment fee, monthly membership fee and any annual "upkeep" fees will affect the total cost.  That said, I'm heavily leaning toward joining because I think the benefits of having a gym I feel comfortable using will outweigh the cost.  I'm excited to try some of the classes they offer (lots of choices) and get back in to a gym routine.  I'm aware of their childcare because I can see the monitors (and parents occasionally checking them) but I honestly don't even know where the room is.  I haven't seen a rogue child out on the gym floor at all.  Finally, the staff has been totally friendly with each visit.  Overall it seems like a really nice facility!
3	The gym facility is nice, they have all the machines you want! They could use more squat racks though. Pretty crowded because of the small space and lots of machines. Only gym we find where the free weights go to 100lbs which is a necessity for a lit off guys. Seems to have a good control on the temperature. The place is great, staff is fairly nice. I've heard the main trainers talking bad about clients or just calling guys "scum bags" for carrying around gallon jugs. So the temperament of certain individuals clients, members and trainers can be off putting but other than that the gym itself is nice.
5	The Top 3 Reasons that made me quit my two other gyms and join Mountainside:1. Towel Service - this may seem petty, but ain't nobody got time to carry around a damp towel in their car all day. For early morning exercisers, this is a big step up from most other gyms. Full bath towels and small exercise towels available for every visit. 2. Workout Equipment - a large assortment of free weights, sophisticated machines, kettlebells, foam rollers and the TRX system with racks. You'll find dedicated spin class and yoga rooms, and depending on the location, basketball courts and boxing rings.3. Locker Rooms - big and clean, with ample room to change clothes, do a dance, or whatever. I really like that they've got both a sauna and a steam room.Short of paying top dollar for a resort style gym, Mountainside impressed me enough to quit both LA Fitness and Gold's, where I had active simultaneous memberships. I am very pleased with my switch. They even offer a discount if you turn in your previous gym's key-ring pass. Check them out!
4	I had a scheduling conflict, and they were able to cancel my membership in an agreeable time frame.
5	I have now been working out at this gym for about 3 months, and I am very glad I joined.  The biggest indication that it was a good decision: I actually go to the gym regularly!  I'm a big fan of the cardio machines with the little TVs.  Half an hour on the elliptical goes by in no time when I'm watching HGTV!  I'm learning to like (and to use) the selection of free weights, mats and equipment.  If you're like me and feel a little self conscious working out in the presence of really buff, knowledgeable gym folks, rest assured that there are always people of all skill levels here.  I haven't gone to any of the classes yet, but I'd like to.  Maybe before work someday?  The pre-work workout isn't so bad when it can be followed by a steam, shower, and maybe a smoothie.  The gym stays cool, doesn't smell like sweat, and has friendly staff.  This place just feels better than the cheaper alternatives, so I will gladly pay a bit more for quality!
5	I've been to four mountainside fitness locations and this one is my favorite. They may not have the brand new fancy machines, but they have the best staff, the best steam room, the best kid play place, and the best feel. Basically what I'm saying is the people who come here are real and not trying to compete in a fashion show. And basically what I'm saying is that this place is better than fancy machines. I'm actually typing this on my phone in the tanning bed because I like the vitamin D and because what else am I going to do besides write a nice review?
3	I frequent the Scottsdale Pavilion location usually, but occasionally visit this location because my girlfriend lives in Chandler. I give it a 3 star based off the equipment. The dumbbells are always loose and spinning and The machines are outdated. The multi station body masters in the middle of the gym is a terrible manufacturer and the weights seem to stick a bit. I have been to the Scottsdale location on 116th along with Gilbert too. All the gyms have much nicer equipment than the Chandler location.Everyone is always nice, locker rooms are decent, cardio is good, basketball courts and climbing wall are a bonus. It looks like the new Yoga room is nice too.  A few updates on some of the dumbbells and older machines, my $25 yearly enhancement fee will be well spent on this gym.
