5	For anyone who wants to experience a rush somewhere other than a thrill ride at the Stratosphere, this is the place! The staff at Trapeze Las Vegas took the time to explain exactly what to expect from our high-flying adventure, and walked us through the process each and every time with patience and skill. It's not as easy as it looks, but it is a blast.
5	Trapeze Las Vegas was such a good time! I never really had trapeze on my bucket list but am happy I did the class and will most definitely be going back again. Thanks for the new hobby TLV :)
5	Great experience. I showed up thinking it would be just basic swinging from a bar. An hour later I'm doing knee hangs while swinging 25 ft in the air and grabbing the catcher. Never thought I would have a chance to do this. Teachers were awesome. Helped you every step of the way and made you feel comfortable doing these things. Coolest thing I've done in a very long time.
5	My friend found a Groupon for this place and we decided to go for it. Each class is normally $40 p/p, and the Groupon made it around $20 p/p, so it was a great deal. Still, $40 for a 1.5 hr class would be pretty good, too.A heads up about location: If you find yourself driving up & down Valley View wondering where the heck this place is, you won't be alone. It's a residential neighborhood and doesn't look like, at first glance, a place that would have a trapeze rig. I must have driven the stretch from Warm Springs to Arby & back at least three times before parking in front of one of the houses there whose address I believed to be 7081 (it was a bit difficult to see). There is no sign for TLV, but look for the house to the right of it that advertises horseback riding lessons. Park in the dirt out front & walk left around to the back -- that's where the rigging is.Two of the guys that were there had worked on riggings for local shows for years, and one of the other guys came from generations of circus performers. They were all funny and personable, and you could tell they genuinely liked doing the lessons. We felt completely safe the whole time (even though our first times up on the platform made us do a nervous gulp before dropping off, bar in hand), and the guys do a good job of giving you timing cues so you have the best chance at performing the moves/tricks that you're supposed to pick up from the class.They say you don't have to worry about being strong or not. I slightly disagree with this, because having some extra arm & ab strength would have really helped me out, I feel. However, I was still able to successfully execute the maneuvers we were taught; I just had a hard time putting my legs up & over the bar on the first swing each time, and my arms got tired really fast from just hanging on the bar. Mind you, even if you don't ever work out, you probably have more muscle strength than I do -- after being hospital-bed-bound for a month post-surgery a couple of years ago, I lost pretty much all of muscle one could possibly lose without totally losing the ability to move (at least it sure felt that way), and I've still never done any strength-training workouts (or much cardio either, for that matter, save for a few random hikes & bike rides) to gain some of it back. So basically what I'm saying is, even if you think you can't do this, you can.Sadly, the weather took a turn for the worse on us (dropped to 50 degrees; strong, biting, cold wind; started snowing on us near the end of class), so we didn't have a chance to actually try some catches, but since we were so close before the bad weather rolled in, the guys graciously told us they'd give us a discount if we wanted to come back and try again.All-in-all, it was a super fun experience. It stops being scary after the first time up, and your next couple times are a blast! Plus, how many people can say they've done a back flip off of a trapeze? You can, after you go here. I can also say I've done a back flip off of a trapeze in the snow. That's probably one of the most awesome things I can think of.
5	It was so much fun. Everyone there was so nice and encouraging. Bring warm clothes and have a good time.
5	We were in Vegas for vacation and looking for something out of the norm to do, and came across Trapeze Las Vegas. I was nervously excited to go but could not be happier with my time there. The staff is really friendly, welcoming and encouraging. The instructors do a great job of actually teaching you the proper technique and showing you your video replay to help you improve. It is a little ways off the strip, about $15-20 cab each way, it is well worth the cab fare, I would highly recommend and hope to return on my next trip to Vegas!
5	This class was great fun!  The instructors are very knowledgable and talented.  They took time with each "flyer" to give the individualized tips and instruction.  They did their best to make sure everyone gets the basic moves down.  If your smooth enough on the basic moves, you can attempt a grab to someone one another bar.  I felt safe and in good hands the entire time.  Definitely something worth checking out if you're in Vegas!
5	This was my birthday trip and Trapeze was one of the major highlights. The operation was extremely safe (we were always hooked into safety ropes), Lisa, Bruce and Eric were very good instructors and obvious professionals. Besides that, they cared that everyone does their best and even if you are not crazy athletic they tried hard to get you to "fly". I had such a great time, I will definitely go back when in Vegas. Though, I hope it will not be as windy and cold next time. Also, as someone mentioned earlier, you will be sore the next day.Big thanks to Tanya who does scheduling for being super helpful with getting our spots in the class.
5	Found them on Groupon for a bachelorette party. They were fun, patient and professional about the event. We all had a great time! If I lived in Vegas, I'd try to go for lessons so I could get my feet up there!
5	My roommate and I saw this deal on groupon and were finally able to use it today.  This is definitely one of the most exhilarating and fun experiences I've ever had!  The staff were so awesome and helpful!  Thank you Lisa, Keith and Tanya for making my first "trapezing" experience amazing!  This is such a fun activity that everyone must try!
4	Amazing experience!! This is a great activity for locals and tourist alike.Staff members were beyond professional, friendly, and fun.They offer all kinds of classes, private event hosting, and corporate bonding etc.This was something I will never forget, and hope to do again.
5	This is a great experience,  the people are very friendly, professional , fun, patient and generous . This being my first time I was a bit scared by the height , but safety was never an issue.  If you haven't done this, I highly recommend you give it a try, you'll have no regret. If you have done this you already know how much fun you can have, I know I'm going back someday when I get a chance.  I also want to thank all the staff for the encouragement and everything, thank you.
5	This class will be my favorite memory of Vegas. Despite the bitterly cold wind, our instructors helped me and my "classmates" learn the basics of trapeze, including a catch. They were very patient, even when I made it to the top of the tower and thought there was no way in heck I was going to jump off!  Good news is, I got over my initial fear and I'm so glad I did!  I had the best time learning different tricks on the trapeze. We even received a mini show from some veterans that stopped by.  Kudos to Tonya and Keith for their hospitality to some visiting wanna-be trapeze artists!  If I'm ever in Vegas again, I will definitely stop by for another lesson!
5	So much fun! Instructors are great, doesn't matter what your skill level is, they will work with you. Just go do it and have fun. Kind of strange being in the middle of a neighborhood, but don't let that scare you off.
5	This was a great and amazing experience!  I would recommend trying this at least once!  But I am definitely going back again!Don't judge a book by it's cover.  When you first pull up to the entrance, it looks a little bit iffy.  Trust me you will want to go in!!The instructor Stefan is so great!  He takes you first to a practice bar to show you how to get your legs up and hang upside down.  Then we got 5 attempts or swings on the high trapeze bar.  Incredible!!!  I would never have tried this but our friend already had done it and recommended it highly!  It was definitely worth every penny and can't wait to go back!
5	Wow!  This is one of those things you have to experience in your life.  I went with a group of 6 (one of our friends is a regular here) and it was fantastic!  Don't be alarmed when your GPS takes you to a house.  This property belongs to the owners but they've turned the huge outdoor lot into a trapeze training environment.  Put your apprehensions aside and go forth because this'll be one of the most fun experiences you'll ever have!  Our trainer, Stefan, along with the rest of the team, are real pros at trapeze and have made it their life's work.  You're in good hands as they are professional, fun, and encouraging.  Initially you will practice on the ground as each person in your group takes a turn.  Then, you'll give it a shot up in the air.  The ladder is small and thin but it's sturdy and it does the job.  They rotate through each person - in this class we went around 5 times (5 cracks at it for each person) and were there for about 2.5 hours.  If you have a fear of heights, all I can say is clear your mind and allow your body and mind to enjoy an exhilarating experience.  I know that's easier said than done - I would imagine, in phobia-land, it's a lot like asking me to go into a room filled with insects and rodents.  Nothing good can come of that, though, but you WILL enjoy trapeze if you can coax yourself out of your comfort zone.  Also, the thrill and pride you feel when you improve and even succeed at the task at hand is enough of a reward!  Some tips: bring water - you're outdoors in the desert.  When you're practicing, you won't have the harness on and will be completely upside down.  Men, that may mean nothing to you but, ladies, boobs are not a part of this show... at least not yet.  (Sounds like they're working on that, though, so naked trapeze may not be too far off).  You might want to consider wearing a tight-fitted shirt that won't drop down.  Spandex just may be your friend.  Wear flip flops.  You'll be taking your shoes off anyway.  And lastly, just allow yourself to have fun.  Happy flying!
5	Fabulous!!  I took my 3 teenagers and they had a blast.  A great way to bond with them!  We all were able to bust out of our comfort zone and fly thru the air.The staff was so very encouraging and patient when coaching you thru the process!  I want to go back again and would recommend this activity to anyone!!!jana
5	What an awesome experience! We booked last minute via email, Tanya quickly replied that they didn't have any spots the next day but invited us to come that night and fly at a discount as compensation. It couldn't have worked out better, there were only a total of 5 of us at the Friday night 6pm class  so we got in lots of turns. Their facility was in a residential neighborhood but the entrance was clearly marked so it was easy to find, and only a 10 minute cab ride from the Mandalay Bay.  It was my third time on the flying trapeze and my friends first. She was really scared and Stephan and his team were very sensitive to her and by the end of the class she got to her knee hang with hands off! Keith, Matt, and Stephan were fantastic teachers and with their help I was able to get my set split complete with a catch- see pictures! The class ran 90 minutes and at the end we were lucky enough to fly with a beautiful sunset over the mountains as our backdrop. We had such a fantastic time we recommended this place to everyone we talked to for the rest of our trip! It will definitely be returning on my next trip to Vegas!
5	Not really sure what I was getting myself into when I got the Groupon for my girlfriend and I, but it turned out to be a blast.  The guys who run the place were very friendly, talked in very simple terms and after one swing on the trapeze, I knew what I needed to do.  After each swing, one of the guys would pull you aside and watch it on video to point out what I needed to do better next time.  A lot of fun.The last thing we did was dismount from out trapeze and get caught by a guy hanging from another trapeze.  Big step of trust, but also really cool when it happened.There were about 10 of us there, but you never felt like you were waiting.  You got to watch the others, cheer them on and share a few laughs at your own expense with the others.  There were a few elementary aged kids there which was fun to cheer them on as you could see just how nervous they were and share in their excitement when they did it.A great way to spend the day with a friend or significant other or family that comes to town.
5	I flew with them for the first time in Dec2012. I was pretty scared and intimidated when I first arrived and saw the "rig". Everyone there made me feel comfortable.  I am amazed at how patient, supportive, encouraging, and humble everyone was.  I have had a total of five classes and I accomplished more than I would have ever imagined!  I wish I still lived in Vegas because I would definitely be going everyday;but, for now, it just forces me to go to Vegas more often.  I HIGHLY recommend this for everyone!  It is a chance of a lifetime with real professionals (just look at their bio) who are just GREAT!  Thank you Stephan, Tanya, Keith, and Matt for your expertise.  I cannot wait to come back SOON!!
5	Trapeze Las Vegas was very professional and very helpful.  There were five of us in the group and we all had a Blast!  We would definitely do it again!  Everyone needs to have this experience at least once.  I am not athletic and totally out of shape, but TLV was able to have me swing, flip and also catches me at the end of our session.  I looked very professional  and cannot believe it was me.
5	Like the other reviews, don't get sketched out by the location being in a residential area - these guys know what they are doing and have tons of amazing experience.  This is the 4th location (in various places around the country) in which I've taken trapeze classes, and this is really a top notch operation with a huge amount of expertise.  So much fun,  and such  encouraging, kind, patient and knowledgeable instructors.  Worth every penny!
5	We were on vacation in Vegas and my girlfriend had looked up doing the trapeze lessons before we went out.  It looked like a lot of fun so we decided to try it out.The location is right off the strip and very close to everything.  The folks there are very friendly and create a very fun environment to learn how to perform on the trapeze.  They take all safety precautions and I was comfortable through the entire process.They start you off on a trapeze close to the ground and progress all the way to someone catching you from another trapeze if you are doing well on the lessons.  The whole experience was a blast.  I would recommend it for most any age.  Go and play on the trapeze!
5	What an awesome experience to add to our Vegas getaway!  We had decided fairly last minute to try our hand at the trapeze, and Stefan was able to accommodate us.  We took a cab from the strip (about 15 minutes) into the residential area.  While the location was a little random, we had read that it was in an odd spot, and had no impact on our time there.  We arrived and Stefan, Justin, and April were awesome to work with.  We felt completely safe and knowledgeable every step of the way--all the way through completing a catch on the high trapeze.  It was an extremely fun, active way to spend an evening.  Well worth your money!  Thanks for a fabulous night!
5	Best part of my Vegas trip! Called a few days before and they were able to fit us in! Was amazed at how much we accomplished and I would definitely do it again!
4	Nice place with multiple apparatuses.  There are two locations: one for flying trapeze and one for lyra, silks, and static trapeze.  They share the space with an in house fabricator who makes all there equipment so if you're looking to purchase, they can help you there too.  The staff is incredibly skilled, experienced, and friendly.  Some of the instructors are members of Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas.  What a great place!
5	I had seen the 5 star ratings here on Yelp for Trapeze and decided to try it. I absolutely LOVED it. It was so much fun and the Trapeze staff was helpful, knowledgeable, and made my Vegas experience so memorable!!! They didn't care that I was a beginner and by the end of the class I was flying through the air like a pro. Attend this class and you won't regret it! Tip for the unathletic, like myself - plan this class on one of the last days of your trip. I am still sore from flipping and flying around, but I wouldn't change it for the world!
5	Quite possibly the coolest thing I've ever done!! I went with two of my girlfriends, one a professional dancer and one a complete klutz like myself, and we all had a blast. And we all managed a mid-air catch! Even if you're scared of heights, clumsy, flabby, uncoordinated,  skeptical.... Do it anyway!!! They can handle you and you'll have a blast!The staff is SO helpful and patient. They've managed to idiot proof the flying trapeze, which I would have guessed was impossible. The catcher, an awesome wiry muscular guy in psychedelic tights, started us out on a practice bar and gave us one rule: just follow his instructions. We looked at each other in terror... One of us is hearing impaired and the other two have legit ADHD. We were sure we were gonna die. He assured us NOT listening to directions is perfectly normal when swinging through the air, and promised we would be okay. I DO work out, I lift light weights a couple times a week, but at first I was sure I wouldn't be able to do this. The catcher assured me gravity or momentum or whatever would kick in and everything would be easier in the air. He again was totally right. While I was far from graceful up there, I was able to follow the instructions shouted out. Every other concern I had (and oh I had plenty) was calmly addressed. They've already tested the safety harness so the worst thing that will happen is you will bang against the ladder if you let go climbing up. The woman hanging on to you on the platform (Tonya?) can hold people thrice my size. The net is really only a few feet drop once you're up there, so you're not going to die. Trust me, I asked all these questions. Bottom line... It was freaking awesome!! We're all exceptionally sore 3 days later in muscles we didn't realize we had, but it's totally cool because we were FLYYYYING!! We had a blast and we can't wait to go back again for more lessons.
5	I had the greatest time here. I am terrified of heights but they took great care of me! And their location has a beautiful view of the strip,  especially at night when the lights all turn on in the city. Try it out,  it's so fun!
5	Went on a sunday with the family, there were a couple other families. the staff was great and friendly. it is super fun for adults and kids. everyone got to go four times, the fourth time being caught and leaving your bar. the whole family had a great time.
5	My husband and I went last week on a Thursday night during our Vegas vacay and we can honestly say this was the most fun and exhilirating thing we've ever done.  The instructors were awesome; we got to meet Dorian, Keith, Lisa, and Stephen.  This was our first time trying the trapeze and I was a little hesitant with the heights and my lack of physical activity.  But the instruction was great and kept me at ease.  I never thought I could do a backflip in the air lol.  Everyone in the class was progressing soo well that we were able to try two rounds of catches each.  I would definitely do this class again with them!My husband and I were staying in a hotel on the strip and it was an easy bus commute to this place.  A little walk from the bus stop to this location, maybe half a mile.  Good warmup for the class :)
5	I took the Aerial Arts 101 class.  I am an extreme beginner but the instructor was very encouraging and helpful.  I was sore for days after, using muscles I didn't know were there but I would definitely go back and recommend that anyone try it!  In the Aerial Arts 101 class you get to try various types of things.  Silks was my favorite!
5	I have gone to Trapeze Las Vegas  many times. I started doing catchers classes and have now caught many fliers. Lately, I have done some fliers classes and LOVE the patience and dedication of the employees. What a professional business and near where I live. They have a trapeze rig up near Las Vegas Blvd and Sunset road(All American Sports Park) and an inside air conditioned studio on the other side of I15/ Valley View. I give them 5 stars! Pretty cool place for a birthday party too, if you want to have fun on the trapeze!
5	This is definitely something that you want to experience!  The staff was friendly, encouraging, and into safety.  They walk you through the process and ensure that everyone goes no faster than they feel comfortable. The class size was 7 and we took turns learning the techniques.   Definitely give these guys a call and sign up!
5	My girlfriend wanted me to try flying trapeze, so we tried it out. It was a lot of fun and everyone was really nice. Anyone can do it. We are already planning our next trip back. Great view of the strip as well.
5	Great instructors and we found a great deal on group on!
5	What a rush! The trainers were very funny and encouraging! 8 of us women (ages 20-56) went on a Sunday at noon and we all had a fantastic time and a day we will never forget. After practically throwing up from the fear during my first try, I was able to go 4 times and was even caught by Keith on my final flight! Thank you Stephan and your wonderful crew! My 21 year old thinks she found her new favorite sport!
