3	This place is new, it replaced the old cafe at Texas Station.  Because this place is still kind of new they have not gotten the wheels in motion just yet and it shows.  While dining it took two people to get a drink the first round and was asked twice if I wanted a re-fill.  The staff changed over while I was there and then it took three people to get a second drink.  Got the french dip and it was pretty bland, fries were over-salted.  I wanted to get some stuff to go but after I was handed the check I never saw another person come by.  I'm going to give them a second chance because they are new and the food was edible.  If your nearby it's a good quick place to grab a bite to eat.
2	They have been in buisness long enough now to get it right and still they fail.  The food is still pretty blah and doesn't come out they way it is described on the menu.  Twice now they have rung up the wrong price for things I've ordered and the service is basic but nothing great.  Still, eat here if your starving and don't want to eat at the buffet but if you have better options, I'd recommend choosing elsewhere.
1	So we had just arrived in town, it was late and we needed to eat.  We were going to eat at the buffet, but it was too expensive for what you got.  We ended up just thinking we'd grab something at Cocos and be done.  The service was so slow, it was ridiculous. We were seated quickly, and our orders were taken quickly but then things got bad.   The place was not even 25% full, and we sat there for what seemed like an eternity. We had agreed that if our food didn't arrive in 5 more minutes, we were out of there and it was going to be fast food.  The food arrived at 4+ minutes.  Total wait for food was over 25 minutes.  Once it arrived, it was mediocre at best.  I would never go back.  Too many other options in a town like Vegas.  Not worth the wait.
1	After waiting more than twenty minutes for service I walked out today.  I have never walked out of a place before.  This Coco's is an EPIC FAIL!  Skip it.*It should be gone by May 2011*
2	Service was surprisingly faster then the last couple reviews. Maybe because there was only one other party dining in also? Service wasn't as friendly, why act like smiling hurts? I ordered the eggs benedict served with hash browns. Nothing to brag about. Don't think it was worth the $8.99 price. The hash browns were good, especially served with onions. The hollandaise sauce isnt as "rich" as they advertised. My daughter had the classic French toast. That wasn't worth  $8 either. The scrambled eggs and bacon that came with it was good and tasty but the french toast was so bland and tasteless, my daughter wouldn't touch it. All in all, the $18.90 bill wasn't worth the $5 tasting food..... I give 2 stars for fast service.
1	This place is flat out bollocks. I first came in here when I was visiting (in prep for relocation to Vegas). We popped in for breakfast and sat for 20 minutes before the waitress even acknowledged us. She stomped around, avoiding our gaze with a sour look on her face.Eventually, we told the hostess that we wanted our check, paid for our coffee and juice and left without even ordering.After we moved to Vegas, we decided to try one more time, giving them the benefit of the doubt -- maybe it was just that waitress. Oddly enough, it was the same hostess and we were sat in the same booth, but a different waitress helped us (Sour Puss was working, though.)Our waitress was very nice, but seemed extremely frazzled, even though it wasn't that busy.  (though, she did have tables all over the restaurant -- not sure why they don't group the servers' stations more efficiently).  We were greeted right away and she did take our order, but after we sat for 25 minutes, she told us she forgot to put in our order and had just done so 5 minutes ago.Another 15 minutes went by and I finally told her that if our order wasn't up, we had to go. (It was only two breakfasts, not a party of 10.) She disappeared into the kitchen and NEVER came back out.  About 7 minutes minutes later, the hostess came out and told us our breakfast was free if we wanted to wait (because it was going to take another few minutes to be ready) and that apparently our server didn't remember to put the order in the *second* time.The food was fine. Nothing to write home about. I got the Denver Potato Pancakes and while the flavor was good, they were a bit oversteamed and mushy in the middle. Eggs were solid. Average food, overall.No one ever came back to check on us, to bring us a faux bill, to apologize again... nothing. So we finally just got up and left. I realize they work in a tourist industry and they're betting they won't see most of these people again. With service like this, they're right.
1	Took over 30 minutes to serve a fried appetizer and two salads. Salads were missing avocados. Only 4 people in entire restaurant. Truly ridiculous. Horrible service, horrible food.  Don't go here.
