4	I was turned on to this Tearoom by my good friend Cindy.   The place is small and very darling.  You walk in and immediately are greeted by the owner of one of three other women who work there faithfully.  The decor is very Victorian.  There is a wide variety of beautiful China tea cups, pots and teas for sale as well as many other items to compliment a formal tea at your home.When you enter and are seated, you will find beautifully laid tables.  The table is laid out for a formal tea.   They offer everything from fresh, out of the oven scones to the traditional tiered plate offerings of finger sandwiches, cheese and fruit.  If you are wanting something more substantial, I would recommend their bread pudding (to die for!) or their beautiful Waldorf salad.  The food is very fresh, prepared well, and presented well.   The selections of tea are vast and they also offer a tea of the day just to keep the variety going.While there, you are offered to "dress up" if you so desire.  A darling array of Boas and Hats are offered to guests to use while dinning.  They are great for pictures and make a special event all the more festive.Besides the ambiance, the food is always of excellent quality.  Fresh, and the best of everything is used.  Please save room for dessert!  You won't want to miss their traditional English offerings.My only complaint with the place is that the tables, chairs, and room are small.  There isn't much room to move, and the tables are packed together pretty tight.  If you are any bigger than 5'2" and 100 lbs, you will be uncomfortable in their chairs.  Very small and not good on the back.  If you are wanting a darling experience with a Tea Room, with excellent food, you won't be disappointed.During the peak season you will want to make reservations.  With a small amount of tables, they fill up fast and are a favorite in the Carefree area.  Enjoy!
4	Very cute place.  Perfect place to take your mom, (which i did while she was visiting from Canada, eh?).   Of couse you MUST do the high tea: consists of a awesome display of a large 3-tiered plated presentation of tiny goodies.  Little smoked salmon sandwiches, cucumber & cream cheese, scones, jam, tiny petite fours.  I love scones and clotted cream (devenshire) ours arrived with plain whip cream (totally disappointed).  Very unique place to take a guest, just hope your server is in a happier mood for you, otherwise would have given the extra star for star treatment :-)
3	My mother takes everyone to this place; she's a big fan of tea. I drink tea but am certainly no connoisseur. Their food was pretty good, and the place is very girly and cutesy. Great place to take grandma or mom. Things were reasonable priced; my only complaint was that it was kind of close quarters. I felt like I was dining in a closet. The staff was friendly and the service was good. Unique experience.
5	I offered to host my god daughter's wedding shower.  She wanted a tea and I had to figure this out from San Francisco.  I found the English Rose on line and never looked back.  Joanne, the owner, was wonderful and the event was brilliant.  The service was great, we had the place to ourselves after her regular hours, and the food varied, fun, and very English.  We even had a sweet keyboard player who stayed with us throughout playing softly in the background.  Too, perfect.
4	OMG, this is the cutest place in Carefree! I have a 7 year old daughter the insisted on having her birthday at English Rose Tea Room. The wait staff were wonderful and we all got to pick out our "fancy hats" before tea was served. The only complaint is that there is not much arm or leg room. However, you can sit outside if you desire more room.
5	Wow....what a wonderful find! Thanks to Yelp for the directions....don't think we would have found it otherwise. This was truly a treat....I was finally able to share with my husband some scones...I also wanted him to try some crumpets but unfortunately they were out...but an excellent excuse to have to go back! We ordered the Earl of Sandwich which was a delicious selection of 6 tea sandwiches, our favourite being the chicken with nutmeg and tarragon, edged with walnuts. We also shard a pot of Paris Tea which was a blend of vanilla, caramel and bergamot oil....truly divine! For dessert we both had a scone with jam and cream...once again delicious....the cream also was very, very tasty. The Tea Room is decorated beautifully so you really do feel as if you are in an English Tea Room in Engand. The soft classical music was also a great accompaniment to the overall relaxing feel. The fine china topped it all off. The staff were also very helpful and friendly. We will definitely be back to try the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea which is served on a three tiered cake stand and has such goodies as sandwiches, scones, petite fours and a pot of tea. And we of course will also be back for the crumpets. This is a wonderful spot for lunch or if you just feel like some dessert and tea. There was even the option of salads that looked very appetising or appetizing...already slipped back into English spelling having spent some time there! lol As we were leaving the owner informed us of her gift store next door....definitley worth a look....some great gift ideas. Highly recommend this special little spot.
4	What a delightful place! I brought a visiting friend here when she wanted to experience something different after I showed her around the Valley for several days. We decided to do the high tea (as recommended by Linda R's review here in yelp). My friend chose a lavander-blended tea and I had the peach-ginger tea -- two extraordinarily fragrant and delicious choices that went so well with the cakes, sandwiches, scones, and cookies in the 3-tiered server. The elegant meal (yes, I think it should be considered a meal) and the beautiful surroundings made our trip to Carefree so much more memorable.(Note: English Rose Accents is a gift shop located next door to the English Rose Tea Room. For that, see http://www.yelp.com/biz/english-rose-accents-carefree)
5	We went back today to try the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea....truly sumptuous! It is served on a 3 tier stand ..... the presentation is  really amazing : ) We were lucky to get a seat as there were only about 2 tables left on the front patio. It was great to see it so busy as well as to see everyone enjoying their tea and sandwiches!We had to order the Paris Tea once again as we had been craving it since our last visit. The staff as last time were wonderful and we picked up yet another little item at the gift store.
5	If you want to be transported to an enchanted place and step away from the hustle and bustle of the world, go to the English Rose Tea Room.  I've been here so many times, including my own Bridal Shower, this place feels like home to me.  Having never been to England, I imagine myself there each time I have tea sitting on the patio of this wonderful place.My Husband and I went here this weekend (yes he loves it too), and have a lovely pot of Paris tea (my favorite), scones with cream and jam, and lunch entrees.  He had the savory bread pudding and I had the tea sandwiches and soup.  The food here is always great, as is the service.  It's a nice and relaxing place to people watch or have a good conversation with the person you are with.I can't say enough about this gem.  Go there, even if you are a guy, don't be afraid, you will LOVE it!
2	Wow! This place is very overrated! I really was expecting so much more. First of all, the price is insane! The lunch entrees were very small - if it wasn't for the $6.50 scone I would have passed out from hunger. At least my mother in law and her mother enjoyed it. I loved the room and decor but it was very small. I think they were short handed - customer service was terrible - the ladies were nice but too slow. I would never go here again. $75 for 4 adults that left hungry. Oh and they say they love to have babies in the restaurant- too bad their highchair is broken and unsafe. Really wished the experience had been better.  :-(
5	This place is a hidden gem. I almost didn't want to write a review, because I want to keep it my own little secret. While visiting my cousin in Phx. last April, I decided to drive out to cave creek/carefree and stumbled upon the quaintest tea shop. I was lucky and went mid week, and got in without a reservation. I had the Just Dessert Tea. The pastries were all delicious and tempting. The scone was perfect, and real Devon cream. A little slice of English heaven in the middle of the desert. Best of all was the ladies working, they were all very courteous and patient and kind. They were helpful in picking out a tea and made a lone traveler feel very welcome. I plan on coming back next spring, I'm even sending my Aunt out there next week.
5	I love, love, love this place!  Service and food are great and the atmosphere is so cute!  Completely girly, over-top-victorian and makes for a fun girls brunch.  I would def recommend it!
3	Mmmmm........my afternoon tea did not look like the picture
5	Do you feel like taking an afternoon trip to have high tea with the Queen? What's that you say? You can't find time in your day to hop on a plane to the United Kingdom? Well that's quite all right because I have the next best option right in our own desert backyard. I am talking about the one and the only royal experience at the English Rose Tea Room in none other than Cave Creek Arizona. I will just start by saying that the website and pictures don't do this little afternoon tea house any justice. Think of the English Rose Tea Room like the perfect haven for ladies who lunch. The ambiance is fit for a Queen. It's girly, it's cozy and it's adorable, almost like a magical elf's cottage. The woman who runs this tea room is English herself which makes the experience that much more enjoyable. As you walk in, a quaint outdoor patio greets you and once inside, shelves line the walls with every type of tea and tea accessory imaginable. Oh and let's not forget about the Queen herself welcoming you inside (or a cut-out, but we're playing imagination here). Behind the panels lies an intimate tea room where ladies and their guests lunch or have afternoon tea. Hats? Yes there are plenty of hats all around. Did you forget your hat? Well that's ok because there's a basket full ready to be loaned out for the occasion. Moving on to the tea experience itself, well it's really quite charming. The menu ranges from basic lunch items such as quiche, chicken salad sandwiches and salads to afternoon tea items where you can order the entire Afternoon Tea ($24.99 a person) or you can pick and choose from an a la carte menu. Because my Mom and I had waited so long to try the English Rose Tea Room and we went to celebrate her belated birthday, we ordered a feast fit for a Queen. We first started by sharing the half English salad split for two which was a perfectly fresh salad of greens, raspberries, candied pecans and a delicious raspberry vinaigrette. Following our salad, the Afternoon Tea for two appeared in front of our very eyes! This three-tier meal was accompanied by our choice of tea. We decided to go with the apricot and enjoyed every last sip of not one but two pots! The tea was so delicious you don't need sugar or cream either. The three-tier tea included 6 mini sandwiches a piece (2 cucumber, 2 chicken salad & 2 salmon), two very large (and scrumptious) scones topped w/ powdered sugar and many mini desserts to finish off the meal. My favorite items were the chicken salad tea sandwich, the salmon tea sandwich and the scone. The desserts were decent but the scone really stole the sweet-filled show. This is a truly delightful place to spend a lazy afternoon when you have nothing but time. Don't visit expecting to be in and out for a quick lunch. No, tea is meant to be savored and you can absolutely do that at this perfectly tealightful restaurant.
5	Once again another wonderful afternoon full of tea. We have been here 6 times and not one bad thing to say. Wonderful food, delicious scones, tasty tea, fabulous hats to wear and a very personable staff. We can't wait to go back!
5	I am lucky to work in Carefree and have this delightful little gem within walking distance of my office. I see ERTR as a destination---it is worth the drive from ANYWHERE in the Valley.. Everything was simply perfect: the ambiance,. our server, the tea and the food was outstanding. A visit to our table by the owner was icing on t he cake. Her name is Jo and she is as delightful as the dining experience.As a frequent high-tea person, I was tickled to see the addition of a lunch menu that veered from the typical tea sandwich selection. I had what they called "special quiche." Dried tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach and cheddar cheese in a delicious, rich crust---to die for! (Since it's not on the menu and you want to try it, call ahead to see what days they might offer it.) They have other quiches on the menu such a vegetarian and a smoked salmon with cheese and onion. Quiche is served with a mixed greens side salad and your choice of dressing. I had the bleu cheese---it's chunky and fabulous. They had some English comfort food dishes on the menu as well---I will be trying them soon.My lunch date had tea sandwiches, warm scones with strawberry preserves and Devonshire cream, plus a delicious array of miniature cakes and pastries.She loved it as much as I loved the quiche.We loved being served on beautiful china, having a lovely table and basically, feeling a bit elegant and special. And here's something that really won my heart. The owner has a trunk of fru-fru hats (what you'd expect from an English proprietor) that offers an array of styles to don the heads of young girls enjoying high tea with their moms and older women enjoying a little playfulness while embracing the magic of an old friendship and the enjoyment of a wonderful meal.  If you'd like to do something fun, grab someone special and head out to Carefree for a memorable day. Dine inside, or on the patio---either way you will say to you lunch partner, "Jackie's review was spot on."Enjoy this gem. It's a little slice of magic in the middle of the desert. My only question is, :Why did it take me so long to find this oasis?
5	This is my favorite morning getaway for the best tea and scones...ever!  My favorite place to sit is on the patio but the decor inside is so lovely that it's a treat as well.  The staff and owner are very pleasant and attend to every need before you think of it.  I brought a large group of women from my monthly lunch group for a fabulous luncheon. The portions were generous and the food was excellent.   All forty of us enjoyed the afternoon which included a short presentation by the tea leaf reader that we arranged for as well.  We allowed time to browse the lovely gift shop next door and a few of the gals stopped to have their tea leaves read.  Jo, the owner made everything so simple to organize and a real treat for everyone.  I still love my morning stops on my own, but I'd take a large group here again in a heart beat.  It's always a must do spot when friends come to town too.  Carefree is such a lovely place to shop, browse, and enjoy the mixture of mountains and desert scenery.  Adding a visit to The English Rose Tea Room makes the trip just perfect!
5	Pick out the girliest, most floral covered dress you own and put  it on. Make sure it's pink. Next, double check that you have pink nail polish, lipstick and blush. Ok you're all set.Do you have a mom? Sister? Wife... Daughter... Aunt... Female caregiver...? Are they in the least bit girly and celebrating a birthday or mothers day or divorce or whatever?  This is where you take them.You sip tea and nibble scones all while surrounded by pictures of the royal family, flowers, dogs, kittens, tea cups and other feminine knick-knacks. And of course, the hats. They have a basket of hats available to borrow for your afternoon tea. Some of them are clearly for little girls and are a little beat up, but there are plenty of nice new ones as well.The tea menu is extensive and will satisfy any taste, available in small pots and large. I had the English Rose and it was delightfully light and aromatic. The food offerings allow for both breakfast or lunch with savory and sweet options. And of course save room for the scones. The scones they serve are the highlight. They are served warm with clotted cream and strawberry jam, like in any good English parlor.After you have had your fill of tea and scones, walk over to their little shop next door. In it you will find jewelry and hats, home decor, soaps and fragrances.Quite the lovely experience, indeed!
5	This tea room is a gem!   I have only been here a few times because I live about 35 minutes away, but I manage the trip least once a year.  It is extremely girly with tables interspersed among all things English, tea related, and frilly.  Lots of women and girls wear fancy hats while sipping delicious tea.  My daughter took me there for Mother's Day and we sat outside on the patio for high tea.  Even though it was 100 degrees outside, the patio was pleasant.  We had a fixed menu of soup, salad, finger sandwiches, scones with clotted cream and jam, and a variety of small desserts.  WOW!  Everything was delicious!  Needless to say, I couldn't eat anything else for the rest of the day.Thank goodness we found the English Rose Tea Room because other tea rooms in the Phoenix area have closed during the recession.  I was afraid that I would have to visit England to get my  "afternoon tea" fix, but all is well in Cave Creek.  Put on your fanciest hat, grab every female friend you can find, and head to this English oasis in the middle of the Old West.
5	I absolutely love this place with a passion! I have been going here for about 3 years and always finding myself wanting to make the 1 hour and 20 minute trip to get there just to eat their delicious food and sip their wonderful tea. Here is a break down of what I love most about the tea house and what could be improved!Pros:-Their food is legit English food and the tiers are so cute!-The decoration and atmosphere is amazing.-The owner is actually British and goes to England often to find new things for the shop, so she knows what she is doing.-The selection of tea fits almost every pallet.-There is a cute shop next door that sells antiques!Cons:-It's quite a drive since it is tucked in the corner of Carefree.-The menu is extensive but a bit pricey. -Seems there need to be more waitresses.-Gets a litte crowded since the space is so small and there are alot of people. Noise tends to sometimes be an issue as well.All in all it is a great place and you should definitely check it out if you are a tea/dessert lover! Long live the queen!
5	Love this place. Their quiche is to die for...seriously, if you're a foodie, you will have dreams about this stuff. (I do!) Ok, so this is my second review for ERTR. But I had to write this one because I discovered a little surprise when I finished my lunch yesterday!  I had my tea leaves read by intuitive consultant Janice Roper, who has a cozy alcove in the adjacent ERTR gift shop. Great lunch, fascinating experience with Janice Roper. (I was able to get a walk-in appointment with Janice---I hear it's a good idea to call for an appointment.) Where else can you have  a fabulous lunch, experience tea-time ambiance, shop and get your tea leaves read? No where but here. Enjoy.
4	Lovely, lovely, lovely
4	Once you get past the froo frooness of the shop, the actual experience is quite pleasant.   My girlfriend had wanted to take me here for quite sometime.  I hesitated because it was a very girly thing to do.  I finally obliged her and was surprised.  We ordered the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea.  It was simply amazing.  Our tea was the Chocolate Rose.  The service was prompt and great and we also got to meet the owner, an Englishwoman, so this place is very authentic.  Just an FYI, I advise placing a reservation beforehand.  We got lucky but got a not so ideal table.  In short, if you want to be a good boyfriend and score points with the woman in your life, oblige her girly side and you'll be rewarded ;)
4	I loved this place.  I can't wait to go back.  It is such a girly place.  I think the day we went there were absolutely no men, I guess it would be a little intimidating for them, but there is nothing wrong, I think I will bring my hubby next time, haha.  We were nine women and had a fairly large table reserved for us.  We all donned hats and enjoyed the quaint place so much.  I had the Pear, Brie and Cranberry salad.  It was delicious.  We had a wonderful tea, I don't remember the name.  I am going to put this place in my rotation for birthdays or just girly time.  It is so darling.
4	I have to admit, this place is cute. You'll feel like you walked into Buckingham Palace for a spot of tea with the Queen, herself. I usually order the soup and sandwich selection which includes a small cup of selected soup accompanied by 3 miniature sandwiches. Each is cut into two smaller halves. They are all refreshingly light and unique. If you've got a bigger appetite, check out the Cottage Pie. That mashed potato crust is going to leave you more than satisfied. The tea experience is incredible here. The Cinnamon flavor is my favorite. It comes with rich cream and sugar on the side. One lump or two? Also, be sure to leave room for a dessert scone: Powdered sugar, warm, tears apart and melts in your mouth deliciousness served with strawberry preserve and cream.Fellas, "tea time" shouldn't be reserved for golf courses. If you're in the area and want to try something different, check this place out. Call ahead because they fill up quick!
4	It was better than the High Tea at the Brown Hotel in London or the Phoenician in Phoenix and on par with the Empress in Victoria, British Columbia.  It's always hard to find special activities for out of town visitors during the hot Phoenix summer.  I took my cousin from Dallas as a surprise and she loved it.  The treats, choices of tea, china settings, atmosphere and service couldn't have been better.  My cousin was amused that we were going to Carefree and we turned on Easy Street.  Check it out.
5	My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our lunch. From the service, to the very fresh food, our experience was fabulous. Warm bread, fresh cream, great salads and quiche. We enjoyed it all.
5	The CUTEST place! I love coming here! I studied abroad in England and this is the ONLY place in Arizona where I can satisfy my craving for a good scone--and Devon cream! The staff here is always lovely and cheerful, the atmosphere is adorably British, and the place is always packed with people having tea parties and cute lunches. Love me those scones and sandwiches--and the tea is to die for! Super classy, unique place: I highly recommend the Afternoon Tea tray. A little pricey but worth it for a fun experience!
5	Adorable tea room...amazing place for high tea with girlfriends!! The Paris tea is the most delicious tea I've ever had! This is my new favorite place!
5	We had a great time today at the English Rose Tea Room.  I took my 12 yr old daughter and she loved it also.   We took lots of pictures, ate yummy food and had an enjoyable experience.  There was a club of Rolls Royce Owners that must have had a monthly meeting at the restaurant so things were a bit busy and our waitress seemed a little overwhelmed but it was wonderful anyway.  I would strongly recommend a reservation and you need to be patient as nothing about this is a "rushed" experience.
4	So cute!!  The details this tea room has really make this place great.  Everything tasted great, I only felt like the prices were a liiiiitle high, but then again, how often do we treat ourselves to tea?!  I would say I'm definitely coming back here!
4	The place is adorable! My girlfriends and I dressed up and had a blast having an adult tea party. The only downside was the service.. we waited forever to get more tea.
5	I brought my sister in law and two young nieces in today for lunch and could not be more thrilled with the service or food.  I didn't think to make a reservation (next time I will for sure) but they were very accommodating and squeezed is in. The owner even took time to chat with my niece about her imaginary horse friend Galahand.  The atmosphere was perfection and you can even take a picture with Queen Elizabeth herself. I will certainly return. Lobed every second.
1	I have to say I don't really understand where all the great reviews come from. I'm not a foodie . However I have had some amazing experiences with tea houses and was underwhelmed and irritated that I payed so much to be ignored at the English Rose. The reservation process was a joke . No clear information could be given on the event that was going on nor was I asked if I would prefer to be seated outside. I'm pretty sure that TV and High Tea should never be in the same sentence . Alas, amidst all the doilies ,tea pots and glass bells full of FRUIT LOOPS? Was a nice huge flat screen tv. Its charming but so is DisneyLand . I felt like I was at an amusement park, along with the poor customer service and  pre frozen food and can  someone tell me why I was thirsty at TEA HOUSE.  We I assume its because we were seated against the inside wall behind a table of 8 very loud women enjoying their food under the canopies of campy decorative hats .Perhaps we were simply hidden from our server .... Who seemed to be everyone else's  server .  Not only did our water and tea run dry it remained so until we left . I was unclear as to why there was only one tea provided during high tea, as traditionally three different teas are serve per course . My companion and I ordered different teas and split our pots . We ordered a third a la carte to keep with tradition and it never made it to the table . Now lets talk about the food . For the love of god do not order the high tea option . Anytime the server says the imported , presume there is not a qualified chef in your company, and more than one menu item has been pre packaged ..  Sandwiches were not fresh the salmon was very strong and they all had the same cream cheese base .  I felt like I was tasting a cheese ball sampler on stale bread.The Scones were huge! And very dry ( which might have been why we ran out of water), more of a gravy biscuit .And the desserts . Terrible .... Old .... Frozen and just so damn depressing . I know from experience when chocolate coating has a chalky coating its old... Or a sticky coating it hasn't been stored properly . The poor tartlets were rock hard and tasted of manteca rather than butter. Their mandarin tops were as dry as the desert and the custard was runny ( like egg yolk runny) there are few foods that I would consider spitting out in a restaurant . This tart was one of them . The strawberries and cupcakes get great raves . Because some local bakery made them the day before and they are fresher than most of what comes out of that kitchen . The rosemary shortbread cookies and what assume were tiny eclairs were half nibbled on as well.I'm giving it a one star review because its charming and if you have money to blow on your children it's a great place for them because they have not developed their palettes .Or  could careless about customer service. Don't drive 45 minutes expecting great things its very touristy and all that term encompasses .
5	I am British and I know my tea, so 5 stars for this English Rose gem in charming Carefree ! My girlfriends had organized an outing so I was amazed when we sat in what could have been the Queen of Englands Windsor tea room ! Deliciously girly and full of vintage British china and knick knacks all for sale at great prices. The food is traditional english high tea fare - yummy scones with cream and jam, sandwiches, soups and salads. And a great cuppa tea from a menu of over 75 flavours ! This hot spot gets busy, yet the staff were sweet and very accommodating. After eating we strolled next door to their British home decor shop - Jo London ! Packed with nostalgia, english furniture and artwork, antique British items and a witty array of cards and hostess gifts. We had a great afternoon and shall certainly return soon.
5	Incredible food and tea. I love their shepherds pie and any of their soups. Their spa tea is so comforting pr if you like black teas, get the black current - yum! They have delicious scones with amazing cream and jam. I just love this place. The decor makes you feel like you are in a quaint tea shop in England and if it raining out, you want to stay on this place for hours. The gals that serve you are always kind and allow you to take your time. This is a very special place to me and my mom. Enjoy!
4	The English Rose Tea Room is a sweet, charming tea room with good service, good tea, and fairly good food. I love to take my daughter for afternoon tea or for lunch with friends. The last time we went, my ten-year-old daughter and I ordered the cream tea (I think it was called). It was two scones with cream and jelly and a pot of tea for like $9.95 or something like that. Well worth it for a special afternoon with my special girl. The tea was very good and the scones were HUGE. We were stuffed. I would have liked a little more cream because they were a little dry, but still pretty good. Anyhow, it's a fun experience and I love that I live just a few miles away so we can go whenever we want.
4	What a charming place.my daughter wanted to have a tea party for her birthday but she was too young to go to a five start hotel. Although this place is small, they have everything we need for a tea party.They offer honey tea (non-caffeinated), lemonade and hot chocolate as a choice of drink for kids.  They have a special afternoon tea menu just for kids.  Kids enjoyed picking their favorite hats to wear during a tea party.This place is a bit small, once seated, there is not much room to move around.We ordered Early Grey, Darjeeling, and English Rose Petal Tea. All of them are pretty good.  Food on the other hand was just average.  They weren't too bad but not great either.  I saw other food on the menu (other than afternoon tea three tired tray), and they look good. I don't mind trying them sometimes as I see other's review being good.We mostly enjoyed the atmosphere, it was as if we were in England or somewhere Southern (Carolina, Georgia.....)  Service was good too.  It was a good introduction to afternoon tea to young girls.  Adults enjoyed nice conversation over tea and sweets.Our group had five kids and five adults. As this place is small and some of the young children are not patient enough to sit through any longer than 60 mins, I recommend to keep the group small.  This place is not made to carter large group.  That's being said, the owner and servers did really great to carter our needs.
4	I have been here twice and have enjoyed my experience both times. The ERTR is a very unique and quaint little place. The tea is absolutely amazing. The staff appear to be pretty knowledgeable in the tea department and helped my party pick the right teas for us. While the menu isn't cheap, I think you are also paying for the experience. The scones are delicious. Not like a sweet hard scone you would get at a bakery. These are buttery and thick and delicious. The tea sandwiches are also very good. My one critique is the desserts. None are homemade, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. But none are memorable either. I have gotten high tea twice and found that I just don't really like the desserts. They are kind of run-of-the-mill, something you might find in the frozen section of a grocery store. I'm not really a dessert person anyways. But other than that, this place is amazing! I highly recommend it if you enjoy tea and love a unique experience:)
5	This past Saturday I had lunch with a group of English ladies. It was great . The place reminded me of a little Devon tea shop or one in the Cotswold . It was perfect. Had a hard time choosing . Settled on the plough mans so good. But the teas looked good to . So I got two scones, jam and cream to take home Mmmmmmm that was my afternoon tea, just like I was in a tea shop back home. Everyone one should try this little bit of England . It's the best. Have a nice British shop next door
5	Its so English, Girly,Dreamy, Vintage. You gotta try thier Paris tea for sure. It was so comforting. I and my comrade went along. She and I ordered Creme Tea  which includes : 1.Smal Pot of your Favorite Tea2. Homemade Scones 2 in quantity3. Strawberry Reserve 4.Devon Cream (its not sweet) and Jelly We did little variation by ordering Large Tea with one Flavor i.e Paris Tea.Our Total was $15 and We tipped 5 Dollars for good service and greeting.Our Servers Beverly,who served Tea & Mindy who served Scones were very kind and ever smiling, and very polite. Very welcoming experience with perfect decor in a PINK WORLD. It defintely induces feel good facor. EPIC. WHAT AN EXPERIENCE !Thanks for the royalty :-) Yelpers check this Pink World.
5	I always enjoy coming here. Never a bad meal. Service is great. Nice outdoor seating. I don't eat anywhere else for lunch in carefree!
4	So fun, worth the drive, however, I would have liked it if they had more choices for my 2 girls to choose from (tea wise) as they only have one type of kids tea to choose from. Overall a great place for a girls day!
5	Very nice tea room with cozy atmosphere.  It is where you wear a hat and gloves are optional.  Very girly and fun.  The gift shop next door has so many unusual and unique items.
5	So......I have to say that I have traveled all over the world and I have yet to come across anyplace that tops this in terms of high tea. Once you get past the super fun decor that is VERY pink and girly, the tea is delicious. The scones are massive and the food is delish. Unfortunately she has spoiled me and I have compared all of my high tea experiences to hers and I find them all wanting. I will fly to Arizona for her tea and scones!!p.s. I am currently having high tea at a fabulous hotel and they still don't compare to the English rose tea room.
5	I came here all the time when I was little. I came back with my mother, and it is still the same wonderful place. It is beautifully decorated, but very tight. They have hats in the back for dress up. I had the vegetarian quiche and the Duchess  of Bedford's afternoon tea. Both were absolutely delicious. I had the Bangkok tea, which was good as well. The service was a little slow, but not bad enough to dampen the experience. The gift shop in the front is tempting( but expensive, so be careful). All in all, the tea room is a wonderful idea, and I am so happy I went back.
3	This place is perfect for those who love tea or British culture. The decorations inside are absolutely lovely and the atmosphere is what made me come back each time. Just take a look at the photos! Their Paris tea is a customer favorite. It was so good, that I had bought tea leaves for home! Unfortunately, the downfall to this place is the food/desserts; it is not filling nor memorably delicious. I suppose you don't really go to tea rooms for food, but still. However, the biggest offense is the weekend staff. When I came here during the week, I experienced great service and I even met the owner. The times I came during the weekend, the service was just decent at best and rude at worst. Sadly, my last visit the lady "helping" us just made me want to leave ASAP and never return (and I have not come back).In summary, the tea and atmosphere are the highlights. I would recommend coming during the week and definitely making a reservation. This might not be somewhere you will or want to frequently visit, but anyone interested should come here once.
