4	What a nice little place for a pedicure!  I haven't had one in ages, but saw a review of this place elsewhere and thought I'd give it a shot.  I was pleasantly surprised with the service, cleanliness and technicians.  Very reasonable price for a refloxology pedicure..only $21 !!
3	I was not particularly thrilled with this place. In the end, my nails looked fine but the environment was dirty. Especially around the sink area. Another thing that struck me as odd was when the lady that was doing my nails asked if I wanted to pay, (in the middle of everything.) So with one half polished hand, I reached around to find my wallet. I'm not sure if they get a lot of people that come in and suddenly can't pay or what, but even paying upfront wouldn't be as weird as stopping mid-service. I don't know. Maybe it was just an off day for her.
5	Great little place for a manicure or pedicure.  Manicure is $10 and Pedicure is $16.  The place is very clean.  There are plenty of people working, so there is rarely a wait.  My pedicures are always good.  It is the same no matter who is my technician.  I appreciate not having to wait for favorite techs because they are all good.The techs speak almost exclusively English.  I only mention this because I read a lot of complaints in other reviews for other places about people who think the nail techs are talking about them because they are speaking Vietnamese.  I never have believed that, but some people do.  In this place, they speak mostly English, even when it is not necessary.  That might make some people more comfortable.I like this place a lot.  I find myself wanting to go back for a mani or pedi earlier than needed because they do such a nice job.
5	Awesome $16 pedicure!!! Doesn't get much better than that!
5	I love this place so much. The prices are amazing and you get quality work for the price! In all honesty this is the only place in phoenix I'll come to get my eyebrows waxed. The older lady that works there always does my eyebrows for me and she does an amazing job each time. She knows how to arch them just right and actually trims my eyebrows as well so they look neat and up-kept. I've had my eyebrows waxed in other places in phoenix but it's just not the same. I'm willing to make the twenty minute drive even to get my eyebrows done here just because no where else does it for me.I've also gotten my nails done at this place. Never had anything wrong with the nails, and they always look great. Always will come here to have my beauty needs fulfilled!
5	They are super nice, didn't harass or try to up sale me on anything. Pedicure was amazing and I must say much needed. My gal did a fabulous job and I am extremely happy. Will go back for sure!!
4	I will definitely come back here!  I am in nursing school down the road, and I felt pretty crummy after taking a difficult exam. I decided to get a manicure since I was feeling bad for myself (pathetic, I know). So, I decided to look for a place on yelp and came across shiny nails. The other reviews are pretty accurate. The place is clean, the staff is friendly, and they do a great job! Their prices are unbeatable, so that's obviously a huge plus.Initially, I was just looking for a nail salon near my school to treat myself, when I was having a bad day. However, I'm most likely going to become a regular!
