1	1 Star for this Rainbow/Tropicana location. Service was horrible...the cashier was slamming the cashier drawer as if she was pissed off at the world and had a permanent frown on her face as if she were smelling burning hair from her upper lip! Waited 18 minutes on a Tuesday at 3pm for 1 lousy pepp/sausage pizza. We ordered 2 orders of crazy bread, one bag was burned, looking more like the color of pretzels, you know crazy bread should not be that color! Why the moron that baked that bad batch had the nerve to bag it up is beyond me. I got home and called to speak with a store "Supervisor" spoke with Cody who says "Yeah our oven is retarded and makes a lot of bad batches of our crazy bread, it is hit and miss" I will replace your next order at no charge. Um ok... and had no response regarding the bad service from his coworker as stated he was not there, he just got on shift at 4pm.Calling Cody and complaining was useless, he just rushed me off the phone and was clear he did not give a flying puck! This location is the only one in the las vegas valley I have to always sit and wait forever for a freaking pizza. Also the only location with employess who have the personality of Prisoner's waiting their turn in death row. I am not a fan of their cheap, bland and flavorless pizza in the first place, I only come here at the request of my baby sister (26) who happens to like their pizza, ugh. Next time I will put my foot down and say hell no to "LITTLE SKEEZERS" I am through with this location...done done done, enough said! To the crew at this location, you can all go to hell, you all have a bad attitude every single time! Yes, it is clear you hate your job, don't make me suffer for your employment decisions!Bite Me!
1	Crappy service and crappy pizza with barely any toppings, we ordered ahead. The Little Caesars by us is much, much better and sells a good product. We won't be returning to this location.
1	Went here to grab a pizza on behalf of a family member.  The expectation is for cheap and fast pizza.  It is inexpensive pizza -- $5.00 for a pepperoni pizza and $8.00 for a combination.  The expectation for fast comes from their Hot-n-Ready pizzas, which they make ahead of time and keep in warming ovens.  When I was there last evening, the fast part broke down a little because of how busy they were -- they had run out of their made-ahead pizzas.  Where it broke down as a whole was in boxing up a pasty-white under-cooked pizza.Expecting good pizza from Little Caesars is expecting more than they can deliver.  Cooking it to their standards is expected, but something they didn't deliver on.
2	Customer service was great..I ordered a hot n ready FRESH with butter parmesan on it. It was delicious & fresh & hot..all for 6.50..the interior was pretty clean, but as I walked up to the door there was a homeless person who made kind of like a couch and was sitting outside asking for $ as you leave the store :(
5	They use all fresh ingredients here,  mozzarella, tomato sauce & dough.  They stand out from the rest of the Little Caesars. Their pizzas smell delicious & they took less than 5 minutes for a FRESH HOT pizza. They apologized to us about the wait, even though it wasn't long.  SUPER FAST & most important friendly service  with a smile, even at rush hour (6 PM)! I may actually come back just because they seem to care.  The reviews made me cringe but they must of changed the staff. However I did not pick up this pizza for myself it's for a family member.  But even his coworker was saying he comes here for pizza often.
1	I have yet to be come to this location, after a dozen times, where they don't have a line out the door due to being understaffed and not having pizzas ready to go. They are incredibly disorganized and the customer service is severely lacking in every regard.There are never any 3 meat or supreme "hot & ready" pizzas. Anyone ever heard of false advertising? You see the commercials, they get you in the door, and then you're left standing around for your pizza that was supposed to be "hot & ready".
2	Flavor/spice on pizza was off.Next time - said it was 45 minute wait for the "Hot and Ready" pizza. I asked why it was called Hot and Ready, he said you have to order in advance. I asked for a district manager's number and he looked like he wanted to fight me.Bad location.
1	I had read previous reviews from yelpers and took there advice and called 15 minutes prior to my arrival. When I got there, they still hadn't put the pizza in the oven. The lady told me it was going to be another 15 minutes. I'm still here waiting over 25 minutes. I wish they would have told me that it was going to take an extra hour. The nine orders of people here are getting uptight about this.  I'm just seeing people walking in and out of this place.Where is the management of this establishment? Although this is a franchise, there should be some type of responsibility for the bad service they provide. The corporate office should investigate what kind of people are running this franchise..It gives Little Skeezers a bad name.
1	I had read previous reviews from yelpers and took there advice and called 15 minutes prior to my arrival. When I got there, they still hadn't put the pizza in the oven. The lady told me it was going to be another 15 minutes. I'm still here waiting over 25 minutes. I wish they would have told me that it was going to take an extra hour. The nine orders of people here are getting uptight about this.  I'm just seeing people walking in and out of this place. Watching people go somewhere else for there pizza.Where is the management of this establishment? Although this is a franchise, there should be some type of responsibility for the bad service they provide. The corporate office should investigate what kind of people are running this franchise..It gives Little Skeezers a bad name.
1	You can forget about the pizza that are already made. Twice I went to get one of there pretzel pizza and twice I waited almost 20 minutes. Sounds like false advertising to me. If I wanted to wait 20 minutes for pizza then I'll go to a place with quality pizza, not this crap
