1	Ok based on the two reviews before me you should have good since not to go here.  If I could give it 0 stars I would have but yelp doesn't give you that option yet.I proceeded to go here for an advertised "Jamie Foxx after party".  So as we showed up early to the ballroom I noticed they're lots of ghettoites in line holding shopping bags and tall plastic drink glasses from Treasure Island.  I mean the scene was just terrible.  There were girls and guys showing up with flip flops on and ashy ashy ass feet like they have been kicking flour or something.So we leave and go to McDonald's for a quick bite to eat which is a whole different story, but as soon as we walk back to the ballroom a gang of custom cars were rolling thru more "middle aged" ghetto people were showing up with flyers in there hands like ti was a public party.  I immediately call one of my boys that works for Jamie Foxx to confirm if they are really having a party here.  Well I was informed that it wasn't a real party and that they Jamie was just making an appearance and collecting $50,000 check.With that information I was off to P.Diddy's party.
2	Maybe I'm not being fair since I've only visited this venue once, and it was for a free Camel show, but I was thoroughly disappointed by the space. I was looking forward to seeing what was done with the old Utopia, a place I visited not regularly but quite memorably in my formative years.  The design of the space was very ho-hum, contradictory to the edgy rock-and-roll vibe it seems to want to portray.  The large expanse of space between the stage and the back bar begs for levels of some sort (besides the one lining the stage right wall which was being used as a VIP area during my visit), both for design and utilitarian elements.  With beers coming in at about $6 and mixed drinks starting at $8 (and apparently from other reviews, that's on the cheap side for this place), you're left with a little sticker shock.  I suppose that shouldn't be the case since it is a Strip property, but you might want to consider starting somewhere else and cabbing it over if you want to get your drink on with your music.The bands sounded good at least.  Acoustically, the place kicks the pants off of some of the other mid-size venues in town like the Joint.  I would have loved to have been able to go onto the second level and check out what the view was like from up there.  The bands load and unload right outside of the stage door, which gives you plenty of access to accost them with messages from former classmates, not that I'd know anything about that.  (The message was very warmly received and my friend Esther and I didn't look like stalkers, thank you very much.)Basically, it would take a band I REALLY want to see playing at a PHENOMENAL price to get me back into this venue again.  It was thoroughly blah and nothing about it helped enhance the experience.
2	Ehhh. You know ... this place certainly does have it's value in that it's a place to go when you want to party from 4am to noon. Which, lemme tell ya, when you walk out of a dark club after hours of dancing into the Vegas sun at high noon ... ouch. White becomes this really bizarre glowing blue, which makes it very difficult to maneuver yo'self. And I think they're trying very, very hard to make it seem like a place you really want to get in to. They do that by having extremely grumpy and rude bouncers at the door. I have this idea that the more crap you have to endure to get in to a place, the more impressed you should be upon entering. Which, like I said, I think is what they're going for, but it just ain't happening.The layout of the place doesn't make sense at all. The bartenders are not pleasant, helpful, or patient. If they can't hear you shout your order at them, they just move right along. I just want to scream over a megaphone (to ensure I've been heard), "The place you work is not all that, and neither are you. Be nice." Aside from the service, the drink prices are astronomical. And there's never any liquor in them, at least in my experience. "I just paid $12 for a glass of cranberry juice?"I will say that the rounded booths are kind of cool, when you're there with a group. And it's neat to be able to go up to the balcony and check out the whole scene from one spot. Those are not, however, by any means, redeeming factors for this place.I do have an invite for a private party there tomorrow. Let's see if it's any better when the goods are free.
2	This place really only serves one purpose...do you want to party at 6 or 7am in vegas? If you do, then this place is for you. They stay open til god knows when. The problem is that you will feel pretty out of place if you are the only person in the club who has not had a hefty dose of baby powder. Generally speaking, in vegas, you dont need after hours. You have just been in a club til 4am and the restaurants are a whole nother scene.. Stay away from this place. Going here late ALWAYS sounds like a better idea then it actually is. Just go home...Been here twice...WONT be here a 3rd time.
5	After hours, big venue, locals & tourist, junkies, not the prettiest venue but good sound, dance floor is not too crowded.. just right.  I've had one of my best Vegas Club experiences here and one of my worst.  I guess it depends on the talent.
2	I won't bitch about the drink prices because its a damn club and well, thats the price. Mind you I am from NYC and don't even blink at $16-$20 drinks at the gramercy hotel or gansevoor...which i guess explains why my ass is broke...hmm...anyway, I digress. So as I said, I won't bitch about the drinks but $40cover????? WTF. I should've applied my rule: if a club charges an exuberant cover or ANY cover, its gonna suck. We got there at around 5am, it was so bad that 4 of my 6 friends left as soon as we all walked in. But I was really hammered and ended up staying till 8am. Why? No idea but in the span of those 3 hours I've never seen so many coked out, E dropping people ever. EVER.I remember some woman (read: not a young attractive girl) handing out mini-snickers bars and hershey's kisses. So think about this:I've just paid $40 to get into this dark ass place, I can't hear my friends bitching and telling me they are leaving, now in my drunken hands are two pieces of chocolate handed to me by a 60yr old woman in a club. WTF???? And no I did not eat the chocolates. I didn't throw them away either as when I woke up at the hotel i had melted chocolate in my pockets and all over some dolla dolla bills. I'm a hip hop head but appreciate house and some trance so I was feeling the music. Its the crowd that put me off. Just not my kinda crowd
3	empire ballroom is one of the few venues in vegas that spins house music...compared to most of the other clubs where you'll only find hip hop or cheezy top 40 music...the venue is really nice..good space, excellent sound system and great service.  by far i think this place has the most courteous bartenders, security personnel and bathroom attendants...however, this place is hit or miss depending on the music and/or who's spinning there...i think the after hours party @ drais on sun nite is by far the best and and most consistent venue for house music in vegas...
4	HOUSE MUSIC I'm there.The venue was very crappy I'll admit that but when you hear the music they are playing you just want to dance. Yeah you will see some strange people there after 3am. I saw a guy Rolling on the couch and a girl giving him a shitty light show. I took one star away because well Not that many people there and if you want to bust your moves you can.oh yeah Drinks are very water down no alchohal at all.BEWARE: If you house there you might attract some gay people and they will probably dance infront of you.
5	Great ambience, house music, open bar, nice patio outside and a sexy crowd... I love Empire.. best after hour besides Drai's and Seamless....
5	We knew we wanted to go to an after-hours club, but after being told that Drai's is no longer cool (?), we were told "everyone" goes to Empire Ballroom. After paying $40 to get in to a guy who literally was at least 85 years old, we went in and got our dance on!This place is crazy. Crazy techno music, go-go dancers in fuzzy boots, and crazy graphics being displayed on the walls. Everything from weird light shows to clips cartoon Disney Films. Awesome, awesome time.
2	Music was alot more Techno Circuit music than House...  Staff was fine got in easily signed up for guest list in advance ....  Way too many uncool Asians no one giving any kind of fashion or cool funky vibe...maybe I am a underground deep house snob... Seemed like for most people there it was one of their first times at a "non mainstream club"
1	RIP. This place has been closed for a long long time. To bad, it was good times.
5	Closed.
