3	What would I ever do without Wienerschnitzel?It's my holy place. My temple. My place of tribute. And I'm not making a clever metaphor for the rise in obesity and fast food consumption.You see, to keep in line with my religion (Discordianism), I have to eat a hot dog (or two...or three) every Friday in reverence to the goddess Eris. I'm not making this shit up. Look it up in our scripture. I experimented for a while in finding a suitable regular source of weenie. At first I tried doing the "hot dog cart outside of the store/bar/strip club" thing, but after a while I realized that behind every smiling hot dog salesman is a tragic story of heartbreak and shattered dreams, and I began to fear that eventually hot dogs would begin to taste like cheating spouses and children who dropped out of med school with only weeks left to graduation.I tried gas stations. Mobil On The Run and Quiktrip especially, because they have some of the best chili cheese dogs in all of creation. I was content for some time, thrilled to be able to fill up my gas tank while participating in a sacred ritual. Finally, religion was serving me, instead of the other way around. Life was good.Then one day I walk into a MotR and inquire the clerk as to the freshness of the dogs.(THIS IS A DRAMATIZATION)"Good sir, how long have these franks been on yonder grill?""I don't know, since last night I think.""I say, that's ludicrous! Have you any idea how unsanitary that is?""We leave them out until their sold. They do the same at movie theaters. And why do you talk like that? Are you gay or something?""If by 'gay' you mean happy, sir, then no, I most certainly am not. I am not 'gay' about these health violations."Long I lingered unhappily in the desert of unhappiness where unhappy vultures feast on unhappy roadkill.Why would my god(dess) demand I ingest something so foul?That's just a rhetorical question, btw. In The Principia Discordia it outlines exactly why we should eat hot dogs. Eating a hot dog on a Friday violates the dietary conditions of every major religion. That's how we roll.At the suggestion of a friend I stumbled across Wienerschnitzel, which to this day I have yet to spell correctly on the first try.Not only do they have the best chili cheese dogs I've had in a long time, but also the best chili cheese fries, chili cheese burgers, chili cheese french fry burritos...and they also have the hypocrisy, insincerity and apathy I look for in a religious institution.Like a Sunday School teacher who tells their kids that killing is bad unless it's America's enemies, WS has no regard for their own doctrine. Every time I visit the drive through it's the same noise. "No, you can't substitute your french fries for a chili cheese french fry burrito. No, you can't sub out your soda for a tastee freeze." Yet every time I get to the counter, there's that same shady cashier looking both ways before giving me my bag and warning me that it's "just this once" and not to expect them to do me any favors next time. That's the kind of "do as I say, not as I do" attitude I expect, no, require, from a religious establishment. I demand the same amount of two-faced clergy that is available to everyone else.Every time I hear them say "Thank you, have a nice day" it wraps an invisible fuzzy, warm blanket over me. It reminds me of my youth. Of cranky, obligated "bless yous" that come after every sound-barrier-breaking sneeze, of every dazed and listless "may the lord be with you" in every Catholic service. Sentimentality is very important to me in a religious institution. I may attend this temple of consumerist worship the rest of my life. I need to be able to remember it when I'm away, eating normal people food and doing those things that reasonable, rationally-minded people do with their free time when not eating hot dogs in heathen rituals and talking to dolphins.And apathy. Yeah. They're pretty apathetic whenever I show up. But so am I, I guess. Big deal. Who cares?Oh, also, they charge extra for all-beef hot dogs. Which means that the lower option is made up of mystery meat. I keep hoping I bite into one and accidentally eat a demon or something.The best part of WS is that like a small church on the side of a country road (that's where churches are, right? I haven't been to one since I attended a wedding in Waco, TX), WS has its own regulars, usually specific to each branch. Probably because with all that chili and cheese we eat, we can't be bothered to travel too far to you know, try other things out. We all laugh and smile and laugh at each other, consumed by a sense of camaraderie/mutually assured destruction. Wienerschnitzel really does bring me closer to my god(dess).What would I do without it?I dunno. Eat spaghettios with hot dogs cut up in them. At the rate I'm going, I'll be lucky if I can make it to the can opener without having a heart attack.
4	When I travel to the southwest (AZ, NV, CA)...I make it a point to go to a Schnitzel because the closest one to where I live is in Texas I believe....you can get 2 chili dogs and fries to go (if you already have a cold drink) for less than $5...service was efficient and nice on a late Sunday morning.,..good sustenance for before going to a football game at which one dog (without fries and a drink) is $4.
1	I remember Der Wienerschnitzel from literally decades ago. I enjoyed the hot dogs back then. Maybe because I was much younger. What a sad excuse for a hot dog I had today. I paid $2.59 for the so-called Chicago-style hot dog. It was loaded with relish (should be pickles) and minced onions (Should be fresh onions). There were two UFO peppers off to the side.  I bit into one of them and couldn't even break the skin, instead it squirted all over the table. Two wafer thin tomato slices (should be wedges) and a minuscule wiener.  I mean, I had to look to make sure the dog was even there. The relish overpowered everything else. Terrible.Topping it off, they only serve Pepsi products.
3	I am really picky when it comes to hot dogs, but I did enjoy the ones they have here. Granted, I have only been able to try it once so far. But my experience was a fairly pleasant one even though I'm not crazy about their fries. I'm sure I'll be back sometime.
5	Chili dogs......yummy for my tummy!
5	My daughter and I really enjoyed our lunch today at Wienerschnitzel. The pink ice cream cones were cute. The staff was friendly and fun. The store was clean and inviting.  I would recommend this place for hot dogs, ice cream and good fast food service.
5	I always have wonderful and speedy service ! Elias was very polite and made sure my order was correct. Nothing makes a pregnant lady happier than good food , great service, respectful and polite employees  !  I live closer to the tbird location and I always manager to come to this location because I know I will always get wonderful service
3	Everything on the menu tastes average. Their corn dogs are amazing.. but the chili leaves a lot to be desired. It's consistency is goopy and very gelatinous.. and it's not the most appetizing. The restaurant is clean and they have daily dessert specials that are fun especially for kids.
4	I like this place for their quick corn dogs. The one pet peeve is when they don't give me ketchup. It might just me but I believe it should just be standard for every bag to get 1 or 2 ketchup packets. Is that weird? Aside from my lack of ketchup I love their cotton candy dipped cones an jalepenos poppers with ranch perfection! Ps whoever served at the drive thru was a cutie! That is all
5	I love Wienerschnitzel! I usually prefer the Angus All Beef dogs, unless the regular dog has chili & cheese on it. And their french fries are so good! I don't know what it is about them, but I like them a lot. Today I got the Angus Chili Cheese dog on a pretzel bun. It was tasty. Fries were delicious as always... hot & fresh. I didn't get anything from the tastee freeze this time, but their stuff is really good. I just wish there was a location closer to my house!
4	Tell your drive-thru guy to pull up his pants!  I don't need to see his blue underwear while he hands me my food.  Maybe tell him a personality is pretty cheap to come by.  No "Hello" or "Thank you.",  you know, the basic customer service etiquette every other establishment requires.  This is a "right-to-work" state;  you don't like your job...you can quit and get one you would like!Oh yeah..... Food was great as always!
2	We seemed to arrive with the dinner rush! Lots of other people were getting there around the same time. I ordered the all beef mustard dog and chili cheese fries. I was disappointed because the fries are usually my favorite but they were undercooked! I should have sent them back cuz they really weren't good. The chili and cheese couldn't even save them. My hot dog was good with some ketchup and relish. But the fries made me sad. Not my favorite visit to Wienerschnitzel.
