4	It's Buffalo Wild Wings!!! $0.45 wings on Tuesday!!! Oh Yah!!
2	Pro: Very nice location and has the appeal that most of the BWW establishments have. The food is fine and I enjoy the people who come to eat. Con: No matter where I go: Florida, Illinois, Wisconsin, etc. The service is terrible. Almost every waitress I get can not get the job right. You are suppose to come back for refills and to deliver the food at some point. Lets just say the service was bad here, too. I will BBW was self-service. Otherwise, everything is great.
3	Overpriced and noisy, but otherwise good.I like places like this when I eat alone, but if I have someone with me, the evening becomes a loud-talk contest as we try to speak over the sound of the game that's on the magnificently oversized TVs scattered throughout the place.The food is just okay.  It's nothing special.  Certainly not worth the prices they change.
5	We came in to pick up an order for wings on Boneless Thursday (a great deal).  We were greeted by the manager, who took our order and made small talk with us.  He even gave us an extra coupon for 6 free wings because my friend and I were joking with him while we waited for our food.Fast service, great wings, LOVE the specials!
1	Normally we like Buffalo Wild Wings for the atmosphere, sports, trivia etc. We went to BW3's on the East Side and were shooing flies and gnats from our food the entire time. After not being able to finish our food we told the manager about it and he said, "yeah, we've been having a fly issue." We will not go back.
1	Awful! I'm in town for work and wanted to watch my baseball game. It's Monday night so I understand it will be busy and Monday Night Football will be on so I find a spot at the bar and ask for my game. The bartender explains to me, since they "went corporate" they can't play baseball games. Uh, huh? Went corporate? You're a chain. That was odd to me so I ask a manager and he said they don't get the sports packages. Again, makes no sense, you're Buffalo Wild Wings...you have every game. Then another manager comes over and says they're having issues with their tv and can only get the MNF game and the Brewers game. No thanks, I'll go somewhere else. Very disappointing. BWWs is always my go to place when traveling to watch whatever game I want. It's a great sports town so I assumed I would be fine. My game is on at Hooters so no more BWWs in Madison.
1	Loud, over priced and service is slooooooooooooooow.  Pretty sure grass grows faster then getting out of the kitchen.This is my 2nd time coming to this location, and both times I must have been the lucky winner of the day, because the server I got must be getting better tips from coworkers then me because she sure was making sure her coworkers were having a good time and pretty much not giving a flying rats ass about me. All those other tables that got refills and friendly service and food coming to them hot and fast, just don't have the luck that I got, or any of the other tables she was "serving"Fool me once Buffalo Wild Wings.
3	It started out a lot worse at the beginning than the end.I showed up for a bar seat to watch UFC and the place was ridiculously packed.  I got my seat and got a beer right away, which was good, but then I watched how the bar was being run and I cringed.  It looked like three people were trying to keep up with the service bar while one guy was left alone to manage the rest of the bar.  I was lucky enough to be sitting closer to his friends, who he seemed to cater to more, so it didn't impact me as much, but a few people down the way looked pissy.Trying to get another beer was a waiting game for the guy next to me who had his empty glass  as far forward as possible on the bar and a hand in the air.  Same thing when he tried to order food.  Food delivery was quick, once I was able to get an order in, and the quality was decently typical of BW3.As the night calmed down, the service was definitely improved and more stable behind the bar.  The tables behind me seemed to be a little more taken care of by the mass of servers through the night, so maybe that would have been a better option, but I know that for next time.  Still worth going to in place of ordering the fights at home, and it's still a better place to hit up for wings and beer than Hooters.
2	Food is a bit overpriced, and the service is poor.  Took over 20 minutes, sitting at the bar, to get another one.  Glass was empty, and took me flagging down the bartender to get another drink.  Seems she doesn't care much for a tip, as she only got 10% which was being generous.  Spent more time chatting with her co-workers than doing her job.  Two beers, 8 boneless wings, and buffalo chips with cheddar ran $20.  Should have been around $12-14, so a bit over priced for the quality.  Not a recommended BW3's.
2	7/21/12 My wife and I stopped in primarily because it was pouring and we didn't want to run to the car from the mall.  The beer selection is nothing special (i.e. Coors Light, Michelob Ultra, Bud Light...).  The wings are okay.  The bartenders are sometimes chilly and salty.  More than once we've said this is the last time. We like to play trivia and catch the occasional game there.
1	The only things I expect from chains like this are good service and consistent food. This Buffalo Wild Wings failed on both fronts. Really poor service: There were no menus at the table, and we weren't given one-- I had to snag one from another table. Three different people came to our table to bring food and drinks out. When our food arrived, we didn't have silverware (necessary for salads), so I had to go ask the hostess. I walked past two managers while doing this, who were just chit-chatting and leaning on a counter. No refills on our water during the meal, and our waitress was impossible to flag down for the check.The food was not up to par for this chain. The chicken in the wrap I had was not spun well in sauce, leaving it pretty dry. About half of the tortilla chips were crushed. Really disappointing.
4	I love their chicken tender salad with parmesan garlic sauce on the chicken.  Yummy!
2	Dear B-dub3 waitstaff: when your customers make a special request, please consider paying attention.  For example, the other day, when we requested our order of chicken wings extra crispy?  They came out almost underdone.  Then, after sending them back and expressing our displeasure, VOILA!  Our waitress returns TWO MINUTES later with a new batch!  Well, I can do that math.  "Wow, that was fast," I say, a weensy bit on the dubious side.  "Oh, when we're this busy, we have new orders coming out all the time," says our over-perky waitress.  Extra crispy? PFFFFFFFFT.  Double fail.  YOU LOSE.Sincerely,Patron-who-will-never-be-ordering-chicken-wings-in-your-establishment-again
3	I like the Parmesan garlic boneless wings and the fries with salt & vinegar seasoning on them, prices went up and they now charge you for celery, huh?!? It's really loud in there, TVs running and music blaring.
5	I'm kind of surprised this place has such negative reviews.  I came here on a Saturday afternoon.  The place was pretty empty, and we opted to sit outside.  We were the only table out there.  But service was QUICK.  Our waiter (I think his name was David?) was super friendly and checked on us frequently.  We sat down and ordered the spicy garlic and asian ginger something, then I went to the restroom and when I came back, David was on his way bringing us our wings already!  The wings were delicious, crispy on the outside, moist on the inside, and the spicy garlic sauce was amazing!  We didn't really like the asian ginger something sauce, but it wasn't a big deal since we got our sauces on the side.  In the middle of our meal, a "captain" came out to check on us and change TVs for us, he was pretty awesome too.  Overall we had a great experience and will definitely be back the next time we're at East Town Mall.
4	Perfect place for small children!!! Your leather lunged kid could scream and scream and scream, and would simply blend in with non-stop din of the other small kids and blaring televisions. Just like the  departure lounge going to Orlando at an airport!! The food is made for children, frozen boneless chicken fingers and fries, just like at home. Kids can and do wipe their hands on all surfaces available, so you don't even have to think about cleaning up after them. Everything is really, really sticky! Many families have found this place to be excellent, they fill the place. Bon Appetit!!
1	Very very bad service,I visited monady evening the bartender service was very poor and she( Kyle)  is a racist. I ordered wings and chicken sandwich she throwed at me.Advice  to management please give her  bartender training .very very disappointed.my suggestion to other customers please don't sit at the bar while Kyle is servicing.i visited so many places but this was very disappointing
1	After a group of 4 of us arrived at 6pm on a Sunday and were seated, I had to ask the greeter for a waitress after 15 minutes.  The waitress missed 2 items on our order and did not come back for drink refills until after 3 people were done eating.  It then took another 10 minutes to get our bill.  The manager can over and I wanted to tell him how bad the service was, but he did not let any of us finish the food in our mouth before waking away.  This is my worst Buffalo Wild Wings experience and I will not be back for a long time.
