1	These people could not care less. I am still waiting for my washer dryer to get fixed -its been almost a month now and I am being told that they don't even know when the technician will return. The technician has been here 4 times already. Each time there is supposedly something else wrong and so they have to order another part. Miraculously the part is wrong (first week), They forgot to order the second part (2nd week), Part comes in but they need a suppossed other part and it will be "another 3-5 days"(3rd week), Fourth week rolls by and they "don't know" when its coming in (thats up to the distributor). When I ask for an ETA (because I am wearing dirty clothes, and I am sick of technicians coming back 5 times and I already took off a week of work to meet these people) the cus.t service rep gets mad at me and offers me a refund. (The washer is on warranty) They obviously don't want to deal with any problems they created. So now I have to call the distributor to see when the part is coming in (yup,  thats YOUR job Appliance Service Center!).
4	so...my Maytag Neptune front-load washer...is malfunctioning...again! Evertime I try to wash a load of clothes...some of the water goes into the washer...then the rest of the water which is a lot...floods out of detergent dispenser and all over the exterior washer and onto my basement floor... tried to fix it my self but unsuccessful...fed up with the constant flooding...I called the Appliance Service Center like I usually do when my washer goes hay-wire... Customer service lady was okay...no awards for customer service excellence though...lol :) the appliance guy gave me a call...staying he will be at my home in 10 minutes which I thought was very considerate... the appliance guy...i call him...Mr. G... shows up and fixes the problem in 5 minutes! (to include the time it takes for introduction, background, and for him to take the lid of the washer off, diagnosis of the problem, and fixing the problem). He was very friendly and personable. the cost of the 5 min fix is $92 bucks! and I have been a customer with this company for while... $92 bucks is cheap...in comparison to their other fixes on that washer... being able to wash your clothes at home is a blessing but may break ur bank if you go with this company depending on the malfunction...but everytime they fix it...the problem never re-occurs but something else always manages to break on that washer! I would rather pay the price knowing it gets fixed right the first time than to find another person to fix a mistake and pay more in the long run :)
5	When I decided our old gas dryer was worth trying to have fixed rather than replacing, I looked for a repair service the old fashioned way: the phone book.  Appliance Service Center had a big display ad and promised quick service, so I called them. This was on a Wednesday. They offered a service call on Thursday, but I couldn't be home; we settled on Friday. They sent and email reminder right away. On Friday morning, the repairman called when he was ten minutes away. He was polite and efficient, and got the job done in half an hour. The repair turned out to be much more affordable than I had expected, and the repair process was no trouble at all.
