3	Good Job --ButI tried  AZ Auto Repairs just recently and found them to be very honest and reliable and had my car service for replacement of brake pads, and rotor's. The reason I can say they are honest is I keep a complete history of my car in detail of all repairs done to it, and the recommenced repair down the road. So before I enter the door I knew exactly was was needed to be done. I also found Randy the owner and the girl at the front desk to polite and friendly. Here's the part that could of been better for Queen Creek people to know. The hourly rate for the job is very high around $ 88.00 p/hr even the high end  dealer don't charge $88.00, and the part are full retail price and then some.So overall the business did the job, but at a higher rate. So if you budget person I would recommend not  using them there are other places which offer a average $ 60.00 p/hr labor and better part rates. For being a AAA recommended place they need to work harder to earn the business at a fair market rate.
4	I had Randy and his crews replace my two rear shocks.  Good job.  I called around at other places and Az Auto was about $20 cheaper.  They are very professional and on time.  I plan on taking my wife's truck in for repairs.
5	i recently took my car in after the recommendation of one of there mechanics James stated the shop was  honest and reliable.HE was right! After shopping around the dealership and one other place wanted three times what QC charged ..i couldnt believe it!  Thank you and i will definitely be a customer for me and mine for life ... Thanks again!keep up the good work.SCSan Tan Valley
5	Went to DMV (MVD in Ariz) to register my wife's truck, she had to have a smog check.  Took the truck in and it said the catalytic converter was shot.  Called up Randy and he said he would run a test to make sure.  It was, and we had Randy and his crew fix it.  They did a great job; professional at all times and in the time he said it would be done.  Randy is honest and trustworthy.
5	Just picked up my truck from them yesterday it had problems after our big storm last week.....runs perfect again!I have taken a couple of my cars here for repair and service and I would HIGHLY Recommend them for any of your vehicle maintenance and repairs. They are honest, reliable and professional and fast. Finding a great mechanic is always tough and to me a stressful thing to do my search is over this is my GO TO guy for my cars. Randy, his daughter and crew are great people and really know what they're doing take your car here and see for yourself.. You won't be disappointed! ..... wish they did motorcycles as well...I would take my bike there too.
