5	I love that it's drive through so I can quickly grab it and go. Everyone is very nice here and hasn't messed up my drink yet haha
1	When this location first opened they had an excellent crew who could really make excellent drinks. Recently, they have a lot of new people who don't seemed to be trained very well. Their mocha fraps taste burnt because they are made incorrectly most of the time. When you bring your own cup they don't give you the cup discount 50 percent of the time. Pretty sad for how expensive their drinks are.
1	Had to stop going to this location because they always got my order wrong. Not only that the drink I do get on a regular bases tastes bad, I dont know what they do it. Now I avoid this location and just walk into theTarget Starbucks
5	Stopped in the drive thru this morning on my way to walk some rescue dogs. I went through the drive thru and had the most pleasant encounter with a girl who had short hair and the spunkiest personality.I pulled up and the first thing she says is "Hey, Nice Car!! I have one in black!" to which we started talking about hyundais and how sad I was that I had just gotten damage on my car. I love this place, and will definitely stop in every time I'm down there.
3	I've been to this location a few times and can't brag or complain about the service/quality of the drinks. I've been here where service in the drive thru was fast and friendly, and I've been here where I am the only one in the drive thru and my drink has taken over 5 minutes to receive. Hit or miss.
3	Started in the drive-thru line at 11:30 AM. It's now 11:37 AM and I still have not made it up to the speaker box to give my order.  Love the idea of the drive-throughHowever it moves way too slow!!
2	I work at starbucks so you can imagine my disappointment when my drink was made wrong. Please pay more attention to what your customers say. That and smile. Y'all look like you hate your jobs.
5	Trenta Cool Lime with no limes is my everyday favorite. Never gets old. The drive thru is one of the fastest in town, just not today. Lol.
1	Worst service I have ever recieved. I go to this Starbucks a lot because it's on my way to work and everytime I regret it. The service is slow, even when I'm the only person in the drive thru. It take them forever to even greet me, and the coffee isn't that great either
1	I go to this location all the time only due to convenience.  I always order some sort of iced coffee and 9 times out of 10 its a sloppy mess that is running down my hand and car.  I don't understand how they even pass the drink out to me in the drive thru when they see that it is clearly not wiped down on the sides.  I was hesitant to write a post since I go here often but I'm pretty much over how careless these employees are and how much I pay for sloppy coffee messes.
2	I've been to this store afew times while shopping in this area.  No problems until now.  Went in to get my usual half pound of coffee.  Other stores sometimes get confused about this order but this store would flat out not do it.  The employee said they would have a half pound of coffee left to do nothing with.  Nothing with?  Are you not a coffee shop?  I could think of lots of ways you could use that coffee.My d daughter works for this company and her first priority is customer service.  I guess I'll go to the grocery store and get some Peets from now on.
