3	The burgers are as good as one could hope for the price and the setting sure makes for good conversation. I like the fact that it's not a chain fast food place, but its missing some beer variety (i.e. other than Molson/Labbatt) and the fries could really be improved.
5	Living in Denver CO I don't get to Montreal/Laval as often as I would like but when I do I have to get my Buck Burger fix.  To my taste it has to be the best  burger on the planet. I was once told by a franchise owner that they use 1/3 each of ground veal, pork and beef to make the patty. That was later denied by another manager that it was simply beef.  The first guy even showed me an instrument used to measure the meat for consistency.  Whatever the truth is, it is in my opinion the King of All Burgers!
4	Sometimes you just need a little grease in your life.I admit I've been a little slow to discovering this Montreal institution, and while other establishments are considered montreal landmarks now, like Schwartz's, Montreal Pool Room, St. Viateur Bagel and the Orange Julep, Dilallo Burger definitely needs to join that list. They have been serving burgers continuously now since 1929 and with an 80+ year history, that's nothing to sneeze at.Located a few blocks away from Monk metro station, Dilallo Burger easily serves up the best fast-food version of the burger and can easily compete  with Five Guys, hands down for best fast-food burger in town. Don't bother getting anything else but the Buck Burger which comes with capicolla and hot peppers. Bacon is extra. You can ask for a "Wet" Burger (some of the meat juices are allowed to percolate into the bread), "Dipped" (some of the hot pepper juice) or "Dry" (none of the above). Fries and onion rings are nothing to write home about, but the burger is the reason why you come here. Unless of course you're a crazy NHL fan. Mario Lemieux and many other NHL heavyweights have links to Dilallo Burger, as evidenced by the walls which are literally covered with newspaper clippings, posters, pictures of Dilallo's connection to sports and local celebrities over the past 80 years.  This is a great spot to hit either before a movie at Place Angrignon or to come by after your kids game.
4	Dilallo is a great burger joint for your quick fix. Unlike Belpro's, you can expect a tasty burger that isn't too greasy. The service is quick & simple just like the food. Though it didn't blow me away, the food was a good value and portion. I left satisfied. Additionally, I can't ignore the staff being very friendly & hospitable.Bottom line: I won't go out of my way to get myself or others to a Dilallo, but I mark it down as a "safe bet" if ever the option comes up again.
2	We got 2 Buck burger trios with onion rings. The onion rings were standard, which was kind of expected, but after the reviews on this site I honestly expected the burgers to be amazing and we were greatly dissappointed. One of the burgers had clearly rotting brown lettuce which my dining partner is currently throwing up into the toilet as i type this.  The other burger I paid 50 cents to substitue "fried onions" instead of raw ones, and the fried onions were a disgusting soggy mess dripping with that transluscent oil/grease but the onions were still raw.  The burger itself was ok but we got the bread dipped in hot peppers and it was a bit much combined with all the other stuff on the burger.All in all I don't think this place deserves the high ratings it's received.  Sure, it's better than McDonald's, but my 20$ could have better been spent elsewhere.
4	One of the best old school burger in Montreal.  Let's say i didn't expext much from the place. It's not fancy but their burgers are so good that I don't care. The service is fast and efficient.  Price is good.  You can ask for the peppers on the side if you don't want them in the burger. Totally would recommend this place!
