5	Fair prices, neat and tidy store that is very welcoming and cozy. The employees are wonderful and very friendly. They only offer seed beads, small crystals, and some tools and findings. In the future they might also be getting gemstones. Great place!
5	This great bead store not only has great beads & all the stuff to make jewelry & Bling but they have classes to show you how to make things! The owner, Shae & her mom are the most friendly & helpful people!! My favorite part is they are organized by color so when I need any certain color, all the stuff is together, big & little beads etc!! Almost hidden behind a 7/11 & a bar, This place is worth the visit!! Lots of parking & treats too!!
5	Went to see about classes and ended up spending the afternoon and starting a bracelet  Hubbie went along and made a man's chain and leather bracelet.  The owners are as nice as they come, and we will definitely be going back and learning this new hobby thanks to Sweet Beads!  Highly recommended!
5	This was one of the first places I wanted to review upon my move to Vegas. Not only are the owner, Shae, and her family (co-workers) friendly and helpful, they are excellent teachers when wanting to acquire additional skills or learn new patterns.There are fun, unique classes almost every Saturday, where you can sit with like-minded beaders and talk about anything while learning new things!And if they don't carry a particular bead, Shae will see if she can order it.Excellent people, excellent service, and absolute fun.
5	Well, I brought pearls during a trip overseas and decided I wanted to split the rope of pearls into 2 smaller necklaces for my two new nieces (who are marrying my nephews). I knew I would need to restring and find a nice clasp for them.. So first I went to another bead shop and they were OK. .but didn't have what I wanted they said they would call within a day or two, but I waited a week and they never did.. So I checked yelp and found Sweet Beads.I went over there and  they had exactly what I needed.. Plus, they invited me to sit down and redo the pearls right there and then.. So I did.. They were the sweetest nicest ladies ever.. Shae and her mom helped me learn how to do this basic beading and showed me how to put on the clasp. I had to restring it 3 times because I kept messing up.. But they had great patience with me and kept showing me the right way to do it.They were really special and I will be going back to do some more.They have a great selection of everything and they are great teachers. If you want to learn to bead, this is the place to go, hands down!!!
2	Meh. Nice staff but don't care for the layout of the store. I wanted to look at tila beads and instead of being all together they are sorted by color with other types of beads. So if you want to find tila that look good together you'd need to go all around the store ( granted it's not that big) and gather up what you think might work then put back the ones you didn't like and look for more...just not the best way to do it imo. Virtually no thread or leather selection and prices are higher than other stores (bead haven).
5	While in Las Vegas on vacation, I googled bead stores near me and open on Sunday.  It's a small store and I loved the layout.  They categorized all beads by color.  To me, it was easy to coordinate color, size and texture.  I was very pleased.  I give them a high five!
5	I wanted to say how grateful I am in finding this bead store!  Shae and her Mom are so nice and they are very helpful.  I have taken a few classes there and they are so patient and want to make you feel comfortable.  Even if you are a seasoned beader or a novice, they make you feel right at home!  They even bought lunch for us and had it available for us at the last class!  Their classes are reasonable and fun!  You can stop in anytime and hang out, bead, or learn a new bead stitch!  I HIGHLY recommend this store!
