3	The lady that took over the former Layer's location is very sweet.I couldn't help but feel "I hope she does well" as we walked away, mainly because I'm not sure about the Layers fan base in the area.The shop was quaint and warm.  The selection of goods wasn't abundant.  There were some cupcakes, sticky buns, and other concoctions; my BF and I got the two former.  My cupcake was pretty good.  It was moist and tasty.  The frosting was a lot sweeter than I care for.My BF's sticky bun was waay sweet but I can't necessarily say it was bad.  Small amount of stars because of the selection of items.  The cases were relatively empty. I don't know if it's because it was a weekday and she wasn't expecting much business anyway but either way, I hope that she does well.  It, however, didn't make much of an impression on me.
4	I have fallen in love with the vanilla cupcake here...The frosting is so good, I have never tasted frosting like that before. It's like a creamy light pudding with just the right amount of sweetness...I will be craving this cupcake with yummy frosting for sure!!!The chocolate cupcake was good too, especially if you love chocolate, the frosting is almost like a dak chocolate, it's good.The velvet cupcake has a strong cream cheese frosting as it should-Good!This was my second visit, but on my first visit I wanted to try her famous lemon cookies - they were out and she gave me a chocolate eclair for free to try- That was very nice of her. The owner also told me that when I came back she would give me a lemon cookie to try for free as well....I came back and even though a week and a half passed she was true to her word & she even remembered my name .I would like to see more cutesy decor inside and yes like other reviews I would like to see alot more selection but I think with time this bakery can possibly become a Las Vegas/Henderson favorite. Her items are good and it is very important for the owners that everything is made as fresh as possible-no freezing of anything and as a customer I can appreciate that. She also makes a really good basil/sun dried tomato loaf of bread.
5	Having come from Europe, I have looked for a bakery that has ingredients in their baked goods w/o using artificial flavoring. This bakery is out-of-this-world. Their Napoleons are just like I knew them from Belgium. All their products look so good is is hard to make a decision when choosing. We bought their brownies, Napoleons, Cream Puffs and a cupcake. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other cakes they offer. The owners are people that know how to treat their customers well.Don't forget when you go there, their coffees and especially for us their espressos are delicious. Their espresso is the REAL THING.I'll be back, even though I live in Centennial Hills. Thanks for opening this great place with such awesome goodies.
5	Having come from Europe, I have looked for a bakery that has ingredients in their baked goods w/o using artificial flavoring. This bakery is out-of-this-world. Their Napoleons are just like I knew them from Belgium. All their products look so good is is hard to make a decision when choosing. We bought their brownies, Napoleons, Cream Puffs and a cupcake. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other cakes they offer. The owners are people that know how to treat their customers well.Don't forget when you go there, their coffees and especially for us their espressos are delicious. Their espresso is the REAL THING.I'll be back, even though I live in Centennial Hills. Thanks for opening this great place with such awesome goodies.
5	Its a bakeshop, fattening sweets for the tummy!
5	We have been to this bakery multiple times now, mainly due to my cravings for those insanely good lemon cookies.  Yesterday we picked up a small cake for my husband's birthday, just selecting a small chocolate cake in the case.  It turned out to be like a giant hostess cupcake but much better and homemade with the creamy interior.  My husband was in seventh heaven.  For those who have commented on the lack of selection, due to the fact that this is a very small hands on bakery run by one person you will probably find the best selection in the middle of their business day.  They bake in the mornings and by the time it gets close to closing, whatever is left is what is left.  They do not freeze their baked goods which definately makes the lack of selection well worth it.
5	There is no way that I could give this place less than 5 stars! I love their napoleons, the cookies are amazing, the iced coffee is perfectly made to order and the couple that own the place are just as sweet as their treats. Ever since my 1st visit, I was hooked! If you want fresh, quality, tasty goodies; you've come to the right place! If you are in need of specialty orders, large cakes, catering or just a breakfast coffee & danish - stop in today and make Dainty Cakes your new found addiction. You will be happy you did ;)
5	Everything here is so good!  Also they have homemade moon pies, lemon cookies and the best cakes.  Also you can get little cakes, when you want a treat and not a huge portion.  They serve Illy coffee.   A great find
5	Love, love, LOVE this bakery! I don't really get the other reviews about the limited selections. It is a fresh bakery with the emphasis on the fresh. That means that enough is baked for the day with little to no leftovers. No refrigerated day old goodies here.The owner/lady behind the counter is warm, welcoming and genuine. She will make you a perfect cup of coffee to go with your selection, and takes pride in doing so.Ahhh.... the selections! The lightest Napoleons you will ever try! The lemon cookies everyone has yelped about? Unbelievable! More like little lemon cakes...so tender and delicious. Peanut butter cookies...just perfect. The flaky cherry pinwheel was amazing, with tart/sweet cherries instead of the sicky sweet ones you usually come across.We sipped our coffee in a corner on comfortable chairs while we nibbled our treats and watched the customers come and go. Nearly everyone was greeted by name or some form of recognition. (she remembers your favs) One gentleman took an enormous amount of time ordering a special cake, and never was he rushed or made to feel uncomfortable as she helped him while simultaneously serving new customers as they arrived. Every aspect of his caked was sketched out in painstaking detail. My husband and I agreed the next cake we order will be made here! (Freeds, our old standby has disappointed lately)We will be making this our weekly coffee and dessert stop, and Dainty Cakes has definitely won our vote for Best of Las Vegas!
5	I wish i could put a 10 star rating on this bakery! First of all the owners are as sweet as their cookies, cakes, and caramel fraps. I have tasted the best of the best of bakeries and uhhhm I actually realised that I finally found " THE BAKERY " of all bakeries! MMMMMMMM my favorite is the peanut butter sandwich and my sister is a huge bear claw fan and guess what?.... This place has the most delicous bear claw that she has ever had! You have got to go check this bakery for yourself to taste what im talking about.... By the way they make these cute little cakes for that special occasion for that special someone that your loved one will adore you for.
5	I have passed by this bakery number of times while shopping at TJs and today decided to stop in for an afternoon dessert and coffee with my sister. The inside was very homely and cute. There was a solid selection of sugary goodness and the prices were very reasonable. I had a Napoleon with a Cappuccino and sis had a Fruit Tarte. The total for both of us was about $13. Both desserts and the coffee were very delicious! I really hope they stay in business because I have discovered a new local favorite.
4	Nice little bakery in Henderson with a small town vibe. When I first walked in, I was very impressed with the decor. Sometimes I feel like the ambiance of a place that sells food can really make it or break it. So I must say I absolutely loved it the interior. I could already tell it was a family business or something along those lines. I had the lemon cookie which was very moist and soft, just the way I like it. And the frosting was pretty standard- I hate to say it but the texture was very similar to the ones at the grocery store. After I paid the person behind the counter (most likely the owner) she offered me a free orange scone and of course I accepted. The scone had a nice soft texture to it and I've only had scones from Starbucks. I could definitely tell this is something made in the back of this place because the texture was different than the ones I've had at Starbucks. Overall, I can't wait to come back and to try her other pastries and cupcakes. The cookie itself deserved 3 stars but I had to add 1 more for the inside and the friendly of the gal behind the counter
4	It's hard not to pick something up whenever I am in town. So many choices to choose from. The cookies always win. Something small and delightful, a guilt free treat. I am sure the cakes and other desserts are just as scrumptious. I wouldn't be able to pack any of those into my suitcase. Probably a good thing:) The lemon cookie, with a hint of lemon and a sweet sugary glaze is always a great choice. A nice cookie to have with tea. Another favorite, are the peanut butter cookies. Either by itself or dipped in chocolate. With a glass of milk, of course!
1	Their sweets aren't horrible, but I could get the same level of quality from a big chain bakery; it's just...generic, I guess? If I'm going to blow my caloric budget on a pastry, it better be exceptional. What really killed it for me was their coffee. It was so terrible I cut it with office coffee.
4	The cakes are great!  For the size and quality, the price is very reasonable (but not cheap). I read a few reviews that mention the selection. She bakes everything fresh and from scratch. The selection suffers, but what you get are fresh delectables.  I didn't have the coffee, so I can't say anything about that, but I do run by for a cupcake/cookie/cream puff whenever I shop at the Trader Joe's next door. ... It sort of completes the shopping experience.
4	Make sure to wipe away the condensation on the top of the cake display. If you don't you will surely miss out on some good desserts. A resounding and dramatic "NO!" was echoed through the bakery when I saw that I had overlooked the Napoleons, cream puffs, eclairs, and other chilled goodies. Although I was sad, the lemon bar and peanut butter cookie sandwich were delicious.The lemon bar (3.00) was large but not as tart as other bakeries. The cookie sandwich (1.65) was what impressed my sister and I the most. The cream center was light with the taste of peanut butter. The cookies were moist and soft. The shop does not seat too many, but coming in a small group and sharing these baked goods is a good idea. I have yet to find something that I do not like. At these affordable prices, you could even order a few for yourself.
5	This is still the best bakery in Henderson in my opinion.  My husband and I both being August babies had an excuse to buy two cakes from here this month.  His was a peanut butter and chocolate grenache which was out of this world.  I opted for the white chocolate and raspberry which was amazing. At first I thought the raspberries on top were frozen but upon closer inspection discovered they were dusted with edible glitter, truly beautiful.I would be remiss if I didn't mention the brownies, which are the best I have ever had and of course those lemon cookies are still to die for.
5	(An overdo yelp review)The folks who own Dainty Cakes are just as nice as could be!Their coffee (it's italian) is awesome, I love it iced with milk.Now let me get into the important part, I've bought fruit tarts for friends groups and they rave about it, birthday cakes (they make an orange cake that is excellent light and moist), and I travelled with a chocolate cake (to Florida) which held up beautifully. They make an amazing lemon cookie, it's like eating cake.To get to the best part, they did our wedding cake, I proposed a tardis shaped cake (google Dr. Who if you are not familiar) and they undertook to the challenge with zeal!  The cake was the right shape - blue color fondant, it had the right decorations and when we cut into it - soooo tasty. Our guests loved it.  We have our big piece frozen now and at our year anniversary look forward to enjoying it again!  I did not indicate a price range but it can vary from a cookie to a wedding cake, etc. But they are very reasonable.
5	My friends hold potlucks pretty often, so this time around I wanted to bring something different from the usual pizza and chicken. I live about a minute away from Dainty Cakes and have never noticed their store next to Trader Joes/Big 5. My girlfriend suggested we drop by; best decision ever. The lady behind the register happened to be the owner. She was extremely friendly. We got a box full of assorted cookies (we had her choose for us). The cookies were murdered/merked/massacred at the potluck. The peanut butter sandwich cookies stood out to me the most, but I didn't get to try everything because my friends are nasty beasts. I'm definitely going back again, and I'm going to probably try a cake. Just for me, though. I don't have diabetes.
2	I go through dessert phases - donuts, cupcakes, ice cream, yogurt.....for the past couple months it's been cookies. I love finding local bakeries (via Yelp of course) and checking out their cookie selection, which is exactly how I found myself at Dainty Cakes a couple weeks ago. The shop itself is really cute and actually has tables inside where some patrons were sitting reading the paper and enjoying their coffee and baked goods. Plus, best I can tell, it's owned by a husband and wife team who provided friendly service. Looking good so far. The selection of cookies wasn't the best, probably had about 10 different kinds in the case, and only one fruity variety (lemon). However, they did have macaroons, which I love, so I was still excited to pick out some delicious desserts. You can do a box of cookies here, but there is no box price, you still pay per cookie, which is almost $2 each (high!). I sampled the lemon, the macaroon, sugar, peanut butter sandwich, oatmeal sandwich, Russian tea (which I've always called Mexican Wedding), and shortbread. Now, I love cookies, and I'm not super picky. Fact is, I can destroy a box of those soft iced sugar cookies you can get in holiday colors at Walmart. Unfortunately, I would rather have had a box of those sugar cookies at 1/4 the price of Dainty Cakes! The macaroon was really good, the lemon was so-so, and I just didn't really like anything else. Worst of all were the Russian, sugar, and shortbread. All were insanely bland and floury. Glad I tried it, but I won't be back.
1	Store bought cookies are better than these.  Bleh!  Make your own.
5	I recently went back here with my mom and picked out two boxes of treats. I have not had a chance to go back much since I moved closer to Anthem area. It was a nice reminder that it is worth every bit of travel time. EVERYTHING was delicious and fresh. They were out of Napoleons, but the lady/owner asked if I'd like some made for the next day. The prices are very reasonable for the quality.  We picked up some eclairs, red velvet cup cakes, brownies, fruit tarts, and various other cookies. Delish!
4	This place makes a killer cupcake. The peanut butter cookies were good, not great and they were way friendlier then Freeds. I would currently rate this as my favorite bakery in Vegas... But I'm still searching for the "perfect" bakery so it only gets 4 stars!
5	Wow! We're new here and this bakery was a find. Great cup of Capucciono and the Lemon Bar was one of a kind: Shortbread crust, sweet and sour lemon filling with strussel sprinkled on top.
5	I had to try this place after I hear that it sold Russian tea cookies.  I got spoiled while living in DC. where I was able to pick up these cookies weekly at Eastern Market, so I was dying to get some fresh ones.  My husband and I split the chai tea latte and each had a tea cookie.  Yum!  The cookies were bigger than what I was used to, and we soft and buttery tasty. Yum.  The chai latte was good too, served in a actual porcelain cup versus a paper cup. Nice touch.  The gal who waited on us was pretty friendly too.  Will be back to get my fix.  Love those Russian tea cookies!
5	We found this place last year while in town celebrating my bf's birthday. I tend to look for non-chain businesses since they are able to create their own hype. Anyone who reads my other reviews can sense my disdain for majority of chain establishments. We decided to order a birthday cake from this bakery. The female owner is very sweet and very good at what she does. Because it is a small bakery, the goodies she bakes will run out. I was lucky enough to get to try her lemon cookies, which resemble muffin tops. She also makes very good sundried tomato bread and peanut butter sandwich cookies. I hesitated on buying a whole quiche which looked yummy and totally missed out when someone else grabbed it. I met a friend for coffee and treats one day and found out that we can get refills on coffee. Prices are decent for custom cakes. There are some 6" cakes available for same day purchase as well. We try to return each time we are out here.
5	Love this place! Always looking for a great chocolate chip cookie and Dainty Cakes has them....along with a delicious peanut butter sandwich cookie and an amazing lemon cookie. That is all I have tried so far during my two visits there. Can't wait to go back and try some more treats! The owner is super friendly...addressed me by name the second time I walked into the shop. That means a lot to me and is one of the things that will keep me coming back, besides her amazing baked goods! Always glad to support a local mom and pop business that truly cares about their customers!
4	I love this place!  I have been looking for a new fave bakery in Henderson since Freed's has let me down quite a few times lately.  When I went they had plenty of selection, maybe it has improved since the other reviews?  Also they have two cases so make sure to go to the other side and check out that case as well.  There was no condensation in the case and I could see everything perfectly.  Everything looked good and I had a hard time deciding.  I eventually went with the neapolitan and a red velvet cupcake.  The neapolitan was soo good.  I'm not a huge fan of any puff pastry (to flaky for me) but the filling and fresh strawberries were amazing.  I'm already trying to plan some sort of celebration to get that filling on a cake.  The red velvet cupcake was moist and had great flavor.  They offered samples of a honey cake and also their brownies.  Both were very good.  The shop is decorated super cute and the staff was very friendly.  They had several cute Valentines cakes that were only $15-$20 each and said they would have more Valentines goodies next week.  The jury is still out on whether this is my new fave but right now it is between Dainty Cakes and DipSticks right down the street.  Looking forward to visiting again and trying some of their other items.
1	I went here in the afternoon and got a raspberry cupcake & chocolate chip cookie came to $4.29 it was disgusting the worst dried out cupcake & the cookie wasn't good either (how do u mess up a chocolate chip cookie?). Do not recommend at all!
2	I was unimpressed. From the curt girl who didn't want me to be there to the lemon "cookie" that was really more of a dry crumbly mini-cake, nothing about this experience was great for me. I really don't have much more to say other than that and that I will take my sweet tooth elsewhere. Mer.
5	Finding a place that you always feel welcome, comfortable, and relaxed is a rare gem. This adorable bakery/Tasti D Lite is definitely an example of this. The staff is incredible! They are so accommodating, funny, and talented. I honestly look for any excuse to pop by, have a chat and relax with a yummy guilt-free treat. They have over 100 different flavours and I plan on sampling each and every one... in the name of science of course. The baked goods are stunning, and they even offer gluten and sugar free options. Love this place!
4	They make great birthday cakes!
1	I was in search of a custom cake and when I walked into this bakery the display cakes looked gorgeous. I was sure that a custom made cake within 3 days time would look just as wonderful. Wrong!  Although the cake itself tasted moist and not too sweet, the frosting and fondant work was terrible! I felt like I could have done better myself and that it was a waste of my good money. Especially after I was convinced to add portions I wasn't keen on, because I trusted the baker.  The flowers were lopsided, I had asked for glitter and expected a sweep of the glitter, instead I got little clusters all over. The fondant work looked like a 5 yr old played with clay. It was obvious that my cake didn't receive the same attention as the small displays. Needless to say I will not be returning.
1	Not good people, let me describe this place.. You know when you see a beautiful good looking car, and you go WOW! Then you drive it, and it runs like crap? Well this is this place.
1	Over priced and under whelmed I'm a sugar junkie but when your lemon bar is so bad I actually throw it out over eating it that's pretty bad.  I've tried this place a few times and its just horrible
1	Well Yelp, you were right. I can't remember the last time I was at a place where the people there could care less if I spent my money or not. I walked in on a Monday 5PM and the cashier didnt say a word. I looked at one display case then walked to the other and she still didnt say a word. I finally asked what different kinds or cupcakes she had displayed and she said  vanilla, chocolate, and red velvet and went back to counting the drawer. I had some questions about quantities which she was fully annoyed at but mustered up the energy to respond. I then try to order and she says, "Cash only, I already closed the register." I just walked out. Wow. Some people should stay in the back.
2	SWEET TREATS SERVED WITH A BITTER ATTITUDE  After my second visit to Dainty Cakes Bakery this month, the way I see it, their customer service is anti-dainty. Both times that I visited Dainty Cakes, the woman (owner?) who exchanged a chocolate chip cookie and cup of coffee with my money acted like she was doing me a favor. Nothing to make me feel appreciated. And no "Have a good day," Today she was impatient when I got my change (which was actually fast), and was doing the tapping the fingers thing that some of us are guilty of doing to the steering wheel when we sit at long lights. If I'd realize that a cup of coffee costs close to $3, maybe I would of had the change ready. Too bad I didn't realize that the coffee here is nearly a $1 more than Starbuck's. For the record, it wasn't like she was engrossed with customers. It was myself and one man sitting with a laptop. There was a major difference in the customer service here in comparison to Gimmie Some Sugar where the friendly woman working there was joking with me about the thick John Lennon biography that I was perusing.  So much for the bitterness. Let me talk about the sweetness. In this small shop tucked into the right corner of the Trader Joe's/ U.S. Post Office Shopping Center, the sweets are displayed in an L-shaped configuration of two cases. They display sweet tooth icons that include macaroons, cakes, and chocolate chip cookies. They also serve (without a smile) smoothies and coffee based drinks.  After trying the coffee and chocolate chip cookie, I yelp them as decent. My expectation of a cup of coffee that is close to $3 is a dainty taste comparable to a higher-end cafe. This is a reasonable expectation! Starbuck's is considered $$$, and this cup of decent coffee was nearly $1 higher.  When I sat down, it was on one of a couple comfortable seats to the right of the bakery. The shop is small, where all tables afford a close view of the display cases. Music was missing. I appreciated the electric outlets where I could charge my phone and listen to my own music if I desired to. When I looked at the walls, I saw some cool pictures with clever sayings such as "Life is short-eat cookies."    I agree with the saying that life is short, eat cookies. The thing is that in the near future, I will most likely be eating cookies someplace else. Maybe at Gimmie Some Sugar, maybe Sweet Addiction, or maybe I'll go on a diet. As it stands, I am suspending Dainty Cakes for at least one month.
5	This place will always be best in my eyes. One of the reasons being is that they did the cupcakes for my wedding.  Not only that they were so great at coordinating with us.  The owner was awesome and helped us when we really didn't know what we were looking for.  We are from Phoenix and she constantly kept in contact with regarding our order.  The price was awesome better than get cupcakes at any supermarket.  It was one part of our special day that was not at all a stressful process!  Oh, and the cupcakes were really delicious!
