5	ok -- so it's a dealership service center right?  just a GM corner of the world to take your money and leave you 'needing more' (more money or more repairs) ....right??   NOPE!  Lund has always taken GREAT care of  my car. I have a little Saab and well, truth be told, it's needed a few repairs, one being pretty significant ....regardless i still LOVE MY SAAB!  Each time I have taken my car in, the service writers (Phil / Steve) have been GREAT!  They are helpful and know the vehicle -- they always makes sure i'm in/out of there as promised.   Their estimates are fair (i've compared them with others!!) and actually Lund tends to come in even less than they originally quoted.  Not sure about you but i'd rather be happily surprised with a smaller bill.When I pick up my car, I get a very detailed walk through of what they serviced, what i need to look out for, etc.  I also always return home in a very well cleaned car!  (nice little perk!) Prior to the economic bust - they gave me a free rental car each visit (all varieties of Saabs and even a CTS). That totally ROCKED ...but now, they only have the van service, which is still good - prompt, clean and courteous. The waiting area has a variety of drinks/ snacks and tv / magazines to keep you entertained. Not the crazy "spa, movie theater, yoga, tech center" auto mall thing --but it serves me just fine!!  Always a danish or a bagel to be had -- even cookies / ice cream and pop corn !!! (ohhh it's a party over there!!)  hehehe but seriously, i don't need to have my car repair bill to be more expensive so it can cover the yoga instructor or the spa service expenses -- i just want my car taken care of.Maybe it's a Cadillac Hummer Saab thing - but  I am a LOYAL LUND fan!  just sayin
2	So, I'm driving from SEA to PHX with my 65-year grandmother who manages to invite herself into my 06' Saab 9-3 for my 1500 mile journey to my new home. I should've known better than to let her drive! She was hauling ass, really enjoying herself, blurting out such things as "I feel so young again!" and "I love going fast!" Although, she made me nervous, I also enjoyed seeing her happy, so I allowed it to persist until she hits a HUGE pot hole going 70mph in a 50mph. Bam! $800 Anti-lock Brake System repair.When I took the Saab into get it fixed the service was fantastic. They were very helpful. They even had this old man drive me back to work. He was a creepy old man. It was so funny. "The best part about college are the cute horny girls." Ummm. Ok. Old man. TMI. Anyway, so they diagnosed the car, "fixed it," cleaned my car inside out, and delivered it to me! Great, right?! Wrong. The car was returned with the engine light on and the gentleman who delivered the car said nothing. So I begin to drive and the car doesn't accelerate. Its driving like an effing golf cart. Pretty comical, but I wasn't happy. I call the service dept, they agreed to scan the car for free if I brought it back in, but were not convinced there was anything wrong. So I took the car in and it appears they didn't finish the repair! Once they scanned the car's computer they immediately knew where to look. The guy pops the hood, and boom various pipes are not clamped down and the air sensors are not attached. Lund Saab, really?They were clearly embarrassed and I forgive them for not knowing how to apologize. They did give me a new gas tank cap after it came up on the scanner because mine had been recalled, which I guess I'm supposed to be feel happy about except for the fact they should have fixed it with the initial repairs! In the end, I'm not happy with their lack of detail, which is why you pay top dollar, right?
5	i have to change my review after talking to bobby the general manager he turned me over to Vince who went out of his way to make us happy. Very pleased
5	Turning 30 did NOT mean I wanted a hybrid, another 4-door sedan or something my mom would drive.  don't get me wrong, i love my mom. I just am not ready to turn into her.So, it was time to get the convertible I have been talking about buying for YEARS.  After an online search through countless dealer sites, I came across my Saab convertible on the website for Lund Cadillac Hummer & Saab.  The high-def photos on their web site had me thinking I was looking at photos from a car show.  I called that same day to inquire about the one I wanted.The internet sales manager, Frank Barela is great! He brought the car to me the next day (on my lunch hour!) for a test drive and made sure that all my questions we answered and needs met.  There was no hassle in the buying process and Frank made certain I was comfortable with my decision. Of course, the car had major selling points but the attentiveness and service level made my decision easy.  I am confident that my decision to buy from Lund (...and Frank) was the right one.  Every time I get a compliment on my car, I mention Lund and my experience. Thank you, Frank Barela! I love my Saab!
5	I just got off the phone with a gentleman named Frank, awesome customer service. Thank you!
5	Took the caddy here for service and I was more than pleased with the price and results, nice lobby to wait in and quick service! Fair price, and it was all cleaned up for me before delivery! Will continue to do business with them!
5	I just want to say how great this dealership is.  We worked a deal over the phone and they even brought the car to me to test drive.  This is our second vehicle from there and have totally enjoyed the buying experience.  Out of there both times in 30-45 minutes!  Ask for Ed Barowsky, he was our last salesman and we really liked him.  Will be back for a third vehicle in a few years.
5	Best dealership we've experienced.  We bought two cars from this place.  Please ask for Chris  he was the best.  I highly recommend this place.  No bs from them what so ever.
5	Lund Cadillac rocks. I drive a 2011 SRX and love it.  All of a sudden my  OnStar stopped working.  Rob Cox took great care of me.  Rob had a loaner car (a 2013) delivered to my front door.  It took a week for OnStar to get it right, but what did I care I was driving a brand new car. The service department at Lund Cadillac is great to work with. Thank you, Sara V
5	I recently puchased a CTS-V wagon from Lund Cadillac and had an excellent experience.Buying a car sight unseen is a bit worrisome but Sam the internet sales manager went above and beyond to help me throughout the deal.  I received the carfax report, the PDI report, pics from his phone, etc.  He made me feel comfortable with the whole process.  The car arrived as described.I highly recommend Lund Cadillac and will definitely consider them on my next vehicle purchase.  Ask for Sam the internet sales manager or Thomas the general sales manager.  They are excellent!
5	Todd Coffer and the service folks at Lund Cadillac are wonderful and I highly recommend them!
5	My husband and I live in Texas, we found the vehicle we wanted at Lund Cadillac. I was helped by Frank. We did not end up getting the vehicle due to the decision of keeping the vehicle we were planning to trade in. Through the process of test driving, keeping in contact, offering over the top convenience options, and more than important; getting the numbers to work for us. Frank was great. For as far as we got in the deal, dealing a vehicle over the phone/text was a lot smoother process than I would have thought.
5	Recently purchased a 1996 Corvette on the private market.  After some research on the internet decided Arrowhead Cadillac had the best reputation for Corvette service in the valley. Brought it in to have it completely checked out and all problems addressed.  I couldn't be more pleased with the work done and the experience as a whole.  Todd kept me informed as work progressed and answered all my questions.  I definitely will bring it back for future service and recommend this dealership to others for it's professionalism and courtesy.
1	TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE.. long review but worth the read. Don't make the same mistake I did. I actually signed up for Yelp to write this review because my experience was so off putting. AVOID MIKE MARTIN. He was a very nice guy to start, I explained my situation; First time buying a car, my price range, I was already financed, knew the exact car I wanted. He suggested we take a ride, however, before we got the keys I mentioned it seemed a little out of my budget, but he insisted we drive (good sales tactic) Long story short after we got inside he became the aggressive car salesman we all stereotype. He raised his voice   ripped off his glasses, threw both elbows on the desk and told me "I clearly have never bought a car before" (which was one of the first things I told him) After that I mentioned how I still think the car is out of my price range and he told me that I would have to get financing through the dealership and called it a "stupid idea" to get financing any other place. What shocked me the most was when I told him I didn't want to low ball nor do a back and forth sales negotiation. If the price works we have a deal, if not lets not waste time. His response was "It's because of people like you we have to do this" After a comment like that I walked out. Tried to resolve with the manager a few days later (he tried to sell me another car...what?) and I was assured it would be brought to Mike's attention. All in all its a nice dealership, decent selection but horrible buying experience. If you are looking for a great no B.S. car buying process I recommend taking your money elsewhere.
1	In regards to Cassie or "Ricks" comment. I tried multiple times to get in touch with someone in upper management about my experience. It's funny how a review on social media suddenly makes this important...Too little to late.
5	My wife and I just traded our X5 in for a SXR. We dealt with Andrea and Mike. Both did an outstanding job. I have never leased a car before. Mike explained the advantages and made this decision easy. I just signed and drove off the lot.Great job Andrea and MikePSNo pressure. Just good people
1	Was in the process of finalizing a deal on a used 2007 GMC Denali, when I took the vehicle to my mechanic because of a slight bump in what felt was a transmission issue it turned out to be that the motor mounts needed to be replaced. I called the GMC dealer and was quoted $1200.00 for repair. When I approached my sales manager at Arrowhead Cadillac he said he would do it at their shop cost of $1500.00. He made it VERY clear that he was not going to fix the vehicle for "free" as he put it. I guess what I don't understand is why would a dealership that sells $30k-$80k vehicles feel the need to place this vehicle on the line knowing of it's condition? I would think that if they were not going to fix the problem they would just wholesale the vehicle to another low end dealership. That said, the manager told me that this is why we sell used cars and this is why we offer warranty contracts. I pretty much lost my faith in this dealership. Moving forward I will now only purchase "certified" used cars.
1	Purchased a 2013 SRX with 17,000 miles in May, 2014 for a car that "just came in."  Looked good and seemed to run well.   Sales experience was mostly positive, although I was never informed that this was a rental car nor that a CARFAX report was available.  Anyhow, problems began within two weeks:  a severe oil leak that soaked my garage floor;  three weeks later, a dead battery that left my wife and I stranded for an hour in blistering heat;  next, just last week, rough idle and near stalling which required the replacement of the cam solenoid.  The car is a lemon.  I have asked for an exchange or replacement.  A phone call to my salesman, an e-mail and follow up hard copy to Ken Walsh, the Sales Manager have resulted in NO RESPONSE.  Don't like being ignored and having to write this YELP review.  Buyer beware!  This is not a trustworthy dealership!  Buy elsewhere.
1	"It's a manufacturer problem, not a dealership problem."  That's what I was told byGeneral Sales Manager, Ken Welsh during a phone conversation after posting my one star rating of the dealership on YELP earlier this month.  Mr. Welsh told me that there is really nothing he can do about the defective and poorly performing 2013 SRX which I bought from Arrowhead Cadillac in May, adding that my wife and I should just "enjoy the car."   Quite condescending, wouldn't you say?  Would you want to buy an automobile plagued with problems from a dealership, only to be told that  that "It is a manufacturer problem, not a dealership problem?   I think not.  THINK TWICE BEFORE BUYING A VEHICLE FROM ARROWHEAD CADILLAC.   2 THUMBS DOWN.
5	After visiting a few dealerships and being treated poorly, I was so happy to find the car I was looking for at this dealership. I was able to negotiate the price through email, which has proven difficult to do with other dealerships. I scheduled a test drive and was driving my car home the next day. The sales people are customer service first. There is no pressure or heavy sales tactics!!! This is a place where I felt good about giving them my money, which is really important to me. I will never car shop anywhere else!! Kal and the two finance guys I dealt with were amazing!!
5	Great dealership and one of the easiest car purchasing experiences I've had. Nathan was great and seemed as though he was an old pro despite learning he had only been working there a short time. Fair prices, low pressure, will definitely return
5	This was hands down the best experience we have ever had!  Our Salesman, Mike M, was absolutely incredible, polite, professional, knew his cars, and so down to earth.  He was so easy to work with and made us feel right at home from the 1st phone call we initiated to Arrowhead Cadillac to the minute we stepped inside the dealership.  he has extensive knowledge of the Escalade we purchased, reviewed everything with us and made sure we understood the car before driving away in it.  It was also nice to see that other potential buyers and the Sales Managers were happy, even laughing, for that matter.  This is not the norm for dealerships and this has been the most relaxed purchase,  perfect, professional and positive atmosphere we have ever experienced!  We will be back in the future, I am sure of that and will not purchase our cars elsewhere.  We will definitely recommend Arrowhead Cadillac and specifically Mike M to our friends and family.  This is without a doubt!!  A huge THANK YOU to Mike M and Arrowhead Cadillac for the most incredible service and experience ever in purchasing a SUV!!
5	Fast friendly service (as usual)....and GREAT snacks too!  LOL
1	Frustrating experience.  We have purchased two vehicles in the past six months from Arrowhead Cadillac.  The first one was a brand new SRX.  Part of the purchase we had a spare tire included.  It took over seven months to get.  But the real problem was with the purchase of a used vehicle.  The salesman when we were looking at it (Frank) was making small talk with us.  We had our two sons with us and told Frank we were purchasing a computer for our oldest son for college, as he had just graduated from high school.  Frank suggested he upload porn on it.... We also had one service issue after another, but the service department did fix things - even when we discovered part of the frame was missing from the vehicle.  But the final straw was when we purchased an extended warranty from Jorge Martinez on 8/4/14.  When I called the warranty company at the beginning of October to make sure the warranty was in effect, I was informed the warranty was "invalid".  They said they would not warranty a 2005 vehicle.  When we called the dealership, they said they had no idea and that they were never informed from the warranty company that it was invalid.  They said they tried to push the warranty through, since we had already purchased it but they had no luck.  So they said we would have a refund of $2,115.00 coming to us in the next 2-3 days.  It has now been two weeks and no refund.  We have left several emails and phone messages to Jorge Martinez but he has not returned any of them.  We have also left messages for his boss, the finance director, and have not received a return call from him either.  So far, we are still waiting on our $2,115.00 refund and are frustrated at the poor customer service and lack of communication.  Beware of this dealership.  If I were in the market to buy a new Cadillac or used vehicle, I would definitely recommend car shopping and service elsewhere.  In fact, my used vehicle has needed service recently, but we have taken it all the way to Chandler to receive honest work and great customer service.  Moving away from this dealership was the best decision I ever made.  I hope others don't make the same mistake.
1	Took my '95 ETS to Lund Cadillac to have the AC recharged this January.  Had to wait over 2 hours to get an estimate that came back at over $2k because of a leak that would require major replacement costs.  As I'm a snowbird I didn't want to spend 1/2 the value of the vehicle on the A/C so I left without the service being completed.  Fast forward to Nov - I'm back in town, take the ETS to a small service shop and get the A/C recharged for $205, leak was in the service port(think tire valve stem).Boo-hisss Lund service dept. for trying to do major surgery where a simple fix was all that was needed!
5	I always have a good experience. The wait time is minimal, the crew at Arrowhead Cadillac are fast and effective, and the waiting room is comfortable. Great customer service. Mike Tenant is always helpful and a pleasure to deal with.
5	We recently purchased a 2014 infinity QX60 from arrowhead Cadillac, as being in the area from Seattle for the Xmas break. The sales person Sam DelBrocco, made the purchase experience a pleasure and trouble free. I would certainly purchase another auto from Arrowhead in the future.
