1	I know I shouldn't expect much from BK, but this location is ridiculous.  You really shouldn't even THINK of going here during lunch.  They have ONE cash register at the front of the store.  Not just one OPEN register...  they only have one register, usually being operated by the slowest person they employ.The drive-through is no better.  Cars are backed up into the next parking lot.If you insist on trying to eat there, I would suggest you go inside to eat, that way, when they invariably get your order wrong, you can throw it directly at them.  If you get drive-through you will end up like me, paying for a double cheeseburger only to get back to your desk and find out that they totally screwed you and only gave you a single.  You will then slam your fists on your desk and start swearing and get called into your boss' office...  at least that's what happened with me. YMMV
3	RANT:Madison, get more fast food.  I don't know how all these kids got through undergrad without a steady supply of fast food places.  My college town was saturated with them.  And it wasn't like an obesity epidemic had been unleashed in the student ghetto.I guess if you're a certain type, you'd think it's great that Madison forces kids to stay off the big mac meal plan.  I guess it probably is.  But it's certainly a hell of a lot less fucking fun.  Responsibility comes on at an earlier age for badgers.  It's got to when the weather conspires to kill you 3/4ths of the year.
2	Had a drive for a fast food and decided to stop here. Nothing more, nothing else. Whopper was good. They have a new soda machine - fun to play with
3	They recently remodeled and it looks really nice inside. They added TVs and all of there registers actually work now (yay!) They hired some new people as well which seems to really be helping this place out.. it still takes forever to get your order  if there busy but at least it's only when there busy because before the new additions to the staff came along I use to go when it was almost completely dead and it would take 15 minutes for me to get my food, so I can tell that there trying but they still have a LONG ways to go.
2	Great update to your facility, it needed it. As I am used to only getting either my fries hot or my sandwich hot, generally neither at the same time. I was really dissatisfied that not one was hot enough to eat. I physically left my whole meal and tray on the table and walked out. No amount of ketchup could make me eat it. Hope they find a great staff so they can warrant spending the money on the upgrade. I will probably not go back to this location again.
1	This is the worst fast food franchise in town.The drive through is slow.  The food is inconsistent.  The staff are ambivalent.Averaging over a minute per vehicle in the drive through isn't "fast".  Serving burgers with mere samples of the veggies in the marketing material demonstrates poor attention to detail, if not inventory management problems.  They can't even consistently pack bags so that the fries stay in their containers.  Why bother with the containers at all if the fries are just going to be scattered throughout the bag?The franchises in Sun Prairie and De Forest remain "east side" options, but I'm giving up on this location.  Four chances in two years, and they never got it right.
1	Worst BK I've ever been to. That may not sound so serious considering its a fast food place but its terrible even by fast food standards. Orders take at least 10 minutes to complete and 25 percent of the time they come out wrong. I don't know how but their burgers are the worst, dry and tasteless. Aren't these food products supposed to be foolproof? I thought the renovation would've brought new employees and better service but this shiny apple is rotten inside. Never again.
1	Thought I would stop at drive thru for quick lunch, twenty minute later with two cars in front of me waiting on there order i decided to leave. Felt bad for the cars in front of me that had already had paid for their food. When I left the car behind me followed as well.  I stopped here a couple of months ago and ordered inside and the wait was probabley just as long but they had money so I waited. I saw that they had remodeled and I hoped the found some new management and employees. The concept of taking one order, then making that order before taking or starting another order is not the concept of the way a fast food restraunt should be run. Change the management and improve service, clean the inside and you might have a viable operation.  The McDonalds down the block does not suffer from this poor management, just suffers from the McDonalds food.
1	We have gone here in the past year four times and they are always out of ice cream. It doesn't matter the time of day. This last week we went to get ice cream and food. Ordered chicken tenders they were out. OK can we have four cheeseburgers no we are out of buns. Well what can we get, whatever you want. We just left after all that.
1	Not only the worst BK franchise I've ever been to... but probably the worst-managed restaurant franchise I've ever encountered. It's a like a bad (bad) movie...OPEN ON two guys and a girl in a GREEN SOUL ordering drive through from Burger King on East Wash. They are hungry, but their order is easy. Just three burgers, twp fries, and one drink.AUDIO OVER (BK INTERCOM VOICE, with a bored lackluster air): "Okay, drive up to the window."The CAR pulls up behind two other cars waiting for their orders. And they wait. And wait. And wait. Six minutes later, the first car finally gets their food and drives off.The CARS pull up closer. And they wait. And wait. And wait.A few minutes later, two uniformed BURGER KING EMPLOYEES, one man and one woman, exit the restaurant. They hang out in by the waiting CARS in front of the restaurant. Chatting for a few minutes, then amble back into the restaurant.The CARS continue to wait. Minutes more pass.Two more BURGER KIND EMPLOYEES, two women, exit the store with a TODDLER in tow, but they are carrying huge bags of BK food.The DRIVER of the GREEN SOUL, "This is ridiculous, we've been waiting over 10 minutes, I'm getting out of here.  Mickey D's is right over there.... Wait... Hey, are those BK employees carrying out FOOD?!"BURGER KING EMPLOYEE #1, puts up her arm carrying a huge bag of TAKEOUT and uses her body to physically block the GREEN SOUL from leaving. The TODDLER wanders aimlessly and dangerously around the parking lot.The CAR in front of the GREEN SOUL receives their order finally, and drives off. The CAR waiting for food behind the SOUL peels out of line, barely missing the wandering TODDLER.BURGER KING EMPLOYEE #1 (shouting at the CASHIER through the window): "How long have these nice people been waiting?! CASHIER (searching for the order ticket): "Um... 15 minutes."BK EMPLOYEE #1 (shouting): "Well, give them two free ice creams for making them wait so long!"SOUL PASSENGER #1 (quietly): "It's okay, we just want the food we ordered.... And, besides, there are three of us. Not two."BK EMPLOYEE (angrily shouting through the cashier window): "Just get them some ice cream... they were almost going to leave, you guys are so slow. Lucky I stopped them. You're the manager. Manage!"A few more minutes pass. One single ICE CREAM is passed through the window to the waiting passengers. Then, finally, a BAG with the burgers and fries arrives. The GREEN SOUL drives off down East Wash. Watching carefully to be sure the wandering TODDLER isn't in the way.SOUL PASSENGER takes a bite out of his burger, and spits it out into a napkin: "Oh my god! How in the hell did they ruin a Whopper, for chrissakes!? SOUL DRIVER: What's wrong with it?SOUL PASSENGER #1: "It's cold. And I mean cold. It doesn't taste like meat. It's just rubbery and tasteless... and where's the char-broiled taste? Did they forget to add it? The cheese is in no way melted. There's a wilted mass of white lettuce core shoved in the middle, like a bad surprise. The bun crusty and stale.... do I need to go on--?SOUL PASSENGER #2, sampling a french fry: "And my fries are soggy and cold, too.... and no ketchup packets in the bag. And my bun's stale, too!"SOUL DRIVER starts to laugh: "that was so bad, I expected cameras to come out of the door next, 'smile, you're on candid camera!"SOUL PASSENGER #1: "Or 'Punked."SOUL PASSENGER #2: "We were punked, all right. Let's ditch this sorry excuse for food and order Culver's... the food is always hot and delicious there. And the staff is nice and helpful, too.The GREEN SOUL exits East Wash, and on the way into CULVER'S, PASSENGER #1 exits the vehicle, and throws the BK bags of food away in the CULVER'S garbage can. SOUL PASSENGER #2 getting back into the car: "Never again."SOUL PASSENGER #1 and SOUL DRIVER: "Never again!"THE END.
1	Let me start with I have seen cleaner homicides than their bathroom /: I should've left but I was starving. Place not even busy stood there for 5 minutes to get ask "what you want?" I ordered sausage croissant meal w coffee to go.The sandwich cold, the hash browns hard enough to break a tooth.I know its fast food but come on. Now sitting at dr office starving.NEVER AGAIN BK
