5	Ah yes, the pound. This is the place where you assholes bring your dog that you don't want anymore... some people even get creative and say "Oh, I found him running along the street.." and then they burst out in trears when they get into their car..... Or you dumbasses who say "Oh, I just wanted her to have ONE litter.....but I can't find homes for all the puppies" D'oh! You shouldn't be breeding unless you have a SHOW QUALITY dog and are a reputable breeder..........I could go on and on with this.....Other than that, MCACC does vaccinations, spay & neuter and dog liscensing. If you do not plan on getting a dog from a show breeder, then you should definately check out the pound! This is where I got my 9lb Miniature Pinscher last year. He is the BEST dog I have ever owned! He's so smart, funny and cute and is overall a great dog..... (too bad he's not a guy! damn!). I got him for 60 bucks and that included all his shots and his neuter surgery.Almost all the smaller dogs (chihuahuas and the like) are going to be more expensive, but you can get a big lovey pit bull/mix for less than $50.00! Soooo many cute doggies at the pound too! Oh, and I believe the kitties run at about $25.00.Don't shop, adopt!
5	Before I actually went here, I had visions of lady and the tramp in my head - dimly lit, small cages, howling, sad dogs.The shelter is actually really wonderful, given the incredible and unfair demands placed upon it.  I volunteer, and we have to go through a 12-hour training process, after which we focus on "adoption counseling" - meaning we do our best to make sure that anyone interested in adopting is being paired off with a good match.The professional staff does their best to take care of the animals, and really cares - it shows in the clean cages and the dogs that come in skin-and-bones and leave bulked up.A wide variety of dogs come in - mostly pit bulls and mutts, but lots of german shepherds, occasionally boxers, lots of chihuahas - but in the five months I've been volunteering there, I've seen everything from pugs to bloodhounds to great danes.  Lots of cats, too.Dogs cost anywhere from $80-$150 bucks, and cats all cost $25 (I'm pretty sure).  This includes spay/neutering and a coupon for the first round of shots.Whether you are looking to volunteer or adopt, this is a great place to go!
3	over the past few weeks i've made several visits to the shelter to pick out the right pet for me. my first visit here i was sure i wanted a cat - and found one to take home. a beautiful tortoiseshell longhaired 3 year old lady. the cat turned out to be a total bitch, and a week later we returned her and were offered an even exchange for another cat. we took a look around, and found nothing. a week later we returned and found the perfect animal for us - an adorable 3 year old champagne-colored miniature poodle. we only had to pay a difference of $16 and they spayed and gave her a rabies shot. we were also given a free vet voucher to get her checked up on. she is a wonderful addition to the family.as far as the facilities go, two times i went in there and saw many puppies covered in flies and lying in their own shit. it was disgusting. many of the animals looked sick and malnourished, but really you can't expect a neglected or stray dog to recover in a weeks time. i just couldn't believe some of the dogs were labeled for "Take home today" in that condition. the cats looked fairly well taken care of. they have a big area in the center that's like a mini park where you can meet and greet your soon-to-be new companion. lots and lots of chihuahua mixes, pitbull mixes, lab mixes, and the occasional purebreds thrown in. we were lucky enough to get an adorable mini poodle with a great temperament. the staff (volunteers) are generally friendly and helpful. the first two times we went in we dealt with a bitch of a woman at the counter, but the third time was a charm and the man up front was very helpful and seemed happy for us to be adopting this adorable bundle of poodleness. the main problem i see with the shelter (and with what happened with the cat) was that they offer no health or behavioral guarantee - they know nothing about the animals behavior, which can be difficult for a person selecting a dog and deciding if its right for them in the first 10-15 minutes of meeting them.  many other shelters (like halo, and humane society) do an evaluation of the pet and its behavior and tell you about it before you adopt it.if youre looking to adopt a new friend, i'd recommend checking out maricopa county animal care and control on your list of places.
5	This is an incredible shelter.  I was AMAZED at the wide variety of dogs and cats up for adoption! Some were exactly like pure bred pound puppies! They have sooooo many adorable puppies and kittens! And $150 is the highest one will cost (most are $80, cats are $25!) --- they come with their shots, spay.neuter, free vet appointment for the future and more!I guess they take in over 150 animals everyday! Which is really sad, they dont get public funding either so you are really saving an animal when you adopt from here, not to mention hundreds-thousands of dollars for a dog or cat of the same (if not better) quality than from a pet store or breeder.
4	October is Adopt a Dog month! I know what your thinking ..it's the pound. But if you look at the big picture it's a great opportunity for a   real  family to fall in love with a dog.Once upon a time, along time ago , a young couple found a gentle giant at the pound  and  named him   Duke . That Great Dane   gave his love and his loyalty for many years. He brought tons of joy to all who got the chance to play with him . Now years have gone by and the family now  is older and grown in number , yet the wife is still as pretty, and once again they find themselves searching and finding that perfect dog for their family. Our newest member , Pumpkin  a Jack Russell has taught us that love comes in all shapes and sizes.   The pound has many benefits , it inexpensive, shots are updated, spayed and neutering mandatory for the pets,  and you can look and meet the dogs at your leisure. At the pound lovable mutts of all shapes and sizes are available.  If you are looking for a dog give them a chance.
1	You know what? I watched the Pound Puppies too. I had dreams of rescuing one of those little Hogan's Heroes clones from their little prison, but in real life that isn't necessarily the best way to go.  Cooler never got parvo.There is a lot of tramatic backstory to my dog ownership that i will spare you but lets say I have been scarred and it took a lot for me to agree to go here to even look.Several kennels were full of dog shit...haha yeah dogs live there, no sick looking dogs laying in puddles of runny wrong coloured dog shit, it kennels with healthier looking dogs rolling around in the same sick shit. Yes I am being intentionally vile with my language to make the poit of how vile it was. SHIT!We saw a dog that we loved. I said no; she said please...then a woman told us this dog was on "the list" yup his last day on god's green earth if he didn't get adopted so we took him. A day or so after we pick him up his little cough is turning into a scary and serious sounding wheez so we take him to the vet, over a thousand dollars later we are told the dog has both pnemonia and parvo...surprise surprise since we picked hi up he had dried SHIT in his fur (keep in mind he was not to be bathed for two weeks because of having just been neutered, yes a freshly operated on dog with dried shit in his fur) Oh and puppies don't really recover from that sort of thing so w paid the very nice vet to kill out dog...euthenasia...super....As she bawls her eyes out I man up to call and let the MCACC know hoping they can take some preventative measures, ya know like not let other dogs roll in the shit that he left. (Parvo is super contagious). They let us know the only action they would take was to make note in our file so that if we went to adopt again they would know we didn't already have a dog in the household...yup...My next dog will be adopted from a much more responsible shelter. I understand low budgets and whatnot but how much does it cost to hose runny shit out of a kennel? GRRR.
4	I don't think it is my imagination.  Their policies seemed to have changed slightly.  I am happy to report it "appears" things are a lot better here for our furry friends.  Out of all the animals, they seem mostly 'taken'.  Either adopted, or still in people waiting mode (still rated stray and awaiting their owner).  I also saw several signs of "dog of the day, $36, take me home today".  (Although, I always thought their adoption fees were hefty -dogs $60(older dog) -100 and  $150 for purebred or toy dog!  Or $50-150 for a cat!) and the 'pay now, come back tomorrow to take home' annoying.  There were a ton of pitt bulls (natch) that appeared to have a bright future, since many had 'adopted' on their cage.  They were all friendly, tail-wagging, licky things. (must have been around 70).  For so little you get so much - so save a life.  Since this is a kill shelter, these furry friends usually don't have a lot of time to sit and wait around for you to pick your life long comapion - they can bring so much joy & happiness to your life !
5	You gotta love a place that gives you a best friend.  I got Brady on a whim 7 years ago from here.  Maybe not the smartest decision since I was unemployed and new to phoenix, but hands down the best decision I have ever made.  I can remember going up and down the kenneled dogs and cats with my roommate at the time trying to find the perfect dog for him.  What I found was a brother and a sister in a kennel.  Well needless to say I parked my buns in front of that kennel and couldn't (or wouldn't) move till we took both pups.  The girl for him and the boy for me.  Brady has been there for every turn in my life and has been the most amazing little pup even when I wasn't the most amazing owner.  This place is a wonderful shelter.  It has a clean facility, friendly staff, decent prices, and help you in every step of the adoption process.  I'm not sure if the reason for the 5 stars is sentimentally driven or not, but I don't care.  Like I said, you gotta love a place that gives away best friends.
2	They mixed up my dogs information with a complete strangers! When my dog went missing they gave out the strangers information and my dog was only found because of craigslist!! What do I pay the city for??? And my other dog who got out, his information wasn't even pulled up when they scanned his chip!! And when I went to fix it..they even had him in the system twice!! WTF!On another note...I did get her from the shelter and love her to death!! Got her on her last day!! And love her crazy butt dearly!
5	I love this animal shelter. I adopted my first dog ever here in December and Ari is the love of my life. The people here were so helpful and accommodating to me, and tried to do everything they could to reduce the adoption fee. I think its funny that some people pay thousands of dollars for puppies, while I got Ari who was almost 1 year old and only paid $82 for him (that included microchipping and a free visit to the vet). They neutered him before I took him home with me, but Ari was a little brat and kept opening up his wounds. I had no problem bringing him back here for them to sew or staple him back up and now he is perfectly healthy and happy he is not a stray anymore :)
5	This is the pound, so yes, they end up having no other option but to euthanize animals.  They don't do it by choice.  This isn't people's first choice when looking for a new pet.  I think it should be.  They are doing the best that they can to find loving forever homes for each one of their pets.
4	This is a well layed out shelter. They have the adoptable pets in the front in areas much like a pet store; glass windows and small break out rooms where you can get to know the animals one-on-one.  The animals which are quaranteened (have bitten someone and are being tested for rabies for example) are in two other separate buildings.  A large walking area is in the middle of the three buildings.  Lots of smaller dogs here as well.You can't beat the value either; all pets come neutered or spayed with some pet food samples and a voucher to get your new friend checked out by a vet for free.
3	Let me preface by saying they are doing a tremendous service to the community.  The animals are super reasonable priced, they come with a free vet check up and are spayed/nuetered.  They have a very large selection of cats.  But for dogs, the large proportion are large pitt bull or pitt mixes.  I'm sure it is a refection of what animals they are receiving.We were looking for a smaller animal 17 lb or less and it was a challenge.  Animals coming in off the street are held for 3 days in case the owners are located or come in before they are available for adoption.  We went each weekend for 6 weeks and were unable to find an adoptable smaller breed.  So we changed strategies and went in when they opened on a weekday.  It's a first come set-up and there were a few people ahead of us.  The three dogs were were considering were all taken by one of the persons ahead of us, and talking to them, they were from a no-kill organization.  So it would appear that they were taking the desirable dogs for their own organization when we would have happily given them a home.  We even mentioned it to the person taking the animals to no avail.  It seems to me this policy is insane which dropped my review to a three stars.Never-the-less, if you are looking for larger breeds or cats, I recommend it.
4	I adopted my kitty, Kesse, from here back in 2006... she was really shy and scared at first, but she has become the sweetest most loving cat I have ever owned.  I feel so blessed to have rescued her.Late last year, I brought my friend here who had been looking for a cat (and failing) via the internet. She ended up adopting an 8 month old tabby and couldn't be happier.The staff is super friendly, and will open a cage for you if you ask. Prices are reasonable. Their microchipping service is relatively cheap compared to other places too... so if you already own an animal who keeps losing his or her collar, you can bring them here to get chipped. This will always be my first stop when I'm looking to adopt in the future!
3	I had already had 2 cats (10yr old male and female I'd had since kittens when I lived in NYC), so I was a little hesitant on adding a new addition. J had been asking if we could get a new baby kitty for a few months, when I finally broke down and said yes. So, off we went to MCACC! The conditions of the kennels - Poor. I wanted to take every dog and cat home. If/when we win the lottery, I want to build a domestic animal sanctuary. :( When we got Linus home, we scheduled him for his free RAC visit and the vet stated that he had feline herpes. BS! He just had caught a bad cold due to his little immune system being compromised after his "boys" were chopped. Most cats come home with some form of kennel cough/cold. Just a shower steam every night and humidifier in his room for a week, and he was a good as new. The staff and volunteers - Excellent. Friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. The cost - Reasonable. We got Linus (aka Dooder) for $10 ($35 after FeLV/FIV testing.  Getting him fixed was included in the $10 fee.) He had been at the shelter for 2 months and was set to be destroyed, so he was the "Cat of the Week". The volunteer stated that most people are hesitant to adopt a black cat and that's why he was still at the shelter. I immediately fell in love with the little fuzzball when he snuggled up and started purring when I picked him up. All in all, I think the shelter is a wonderful place to adopt a new best friend and would wish for everyone to search out this option than going to a pet store. That and I wish there were more responsible pet owners and took Bob Barker's advice... "Help Control The Pet Population, Have Your Pets Spayed Or Neutered."
4	Many people are critical of the county shelters yet I don't see them going to help out.  It is easy to blame it on "Where are my tax dollars going?" but if you realized that these shelters are taking in 150 animals PER DAY on average, you would realize that the measely taxes that go to this place don't do much. I was also disappointed with the conditions so I actively helped.  I've volunteered and fostered for them for three years and while there are still issues that need to be worked on, at least I know I'm doing something to help.These shelters have the lowest adoption prices and the most selection of pets.  If you're open to variety, this is the place to go.
5	I just adopted a dog from this shelter.  The staff and volunteers were very friendly and helpful.  The facility was clean and all dogs had a fresh supply of food and water.  Cages were clean.  As shelters go, they are doing a great job here!
4	I'm new to pets and had only visited one other shelter before Maricopa when my boyfriend and I decided we wanted to adopt a dog. Though I'm not an expert, I wouldn't say the conditions were especially bad. The other shelter I visited had better facilities, but it wasn't much different. This shelter is pretty big and it was almost to full capacity when I visited. The people who work there are mostly volunteers. We met a few who were very knowledgeable and helpful, but others who didn't know much, but were still very well-meaning and kind. After walking through the shelter a couple times, we set our eyes on a beautiful, quiet, and calm German Shepherd mix. I fell in love with her, and we decided to adopt her that day. I'd say we were very lucky, though, because most of the dogs were very agitated or in poor health.I had an overall good experience here. They are very concerned that the animals go home to good and responsible hands. They offer free neutering/spaying and one mandatory free veterinary visit within 10 days of adoption. Their list of veterinarians was very extensive, so we had no problem finding one that was convenient. We were given a lot of information about how to take care of her after being spayed, though we later found out that she was already spayed. The adoption fee and various vaccination fees were pretty inexpensive. We're definitely glad that we saved hundreds of dollars adopting our dog instead of buying a puppy from a pet store. There's also a 15-day period during which you can come back and return the animal if something doesn't go right. They don't refund  your money, but if you do it within the 15 days, you can exchange for another pet.Our dog did come home with ticks and something of a cold, but our vet visit solved that problem. She was also very much in malaise when we first brought her home - didn't show much interest in any food or toys. The vet and other pet experts attributed it to the shock from living at the shelter. She's 100% healthy now and loves to run outside, play with her chew toy, and enjoy her doggy treats. Again, I think we were lucky that we found such a great dog the first time we went. If you're determined to adopt a pet, do go a few different times if you don't find one the first time around. The conditions aren't amazing, but these animals really do need a home!
5	The Facility:MCACC is a fantastic 2 pound (and 2 outside location) system. They have two pounds one in Phoenix (2500 S. 27th Avenue) and one in Mesa (2630 W. 8th Street).The facility in Phoenix is MUCH larger and nicer. This is because they got to make a whole new facility in the last couple of years and they replaced the old pound that they were using. The one in Mesa was built in the '50s and wasn't made for adoptions, so it is much darker, smaller and over-all depressing.The Phoenix pound has kennels A and B which are adoptable dogs, C-H are all strays/owner holds etc and are not adoptable. Any animal inside is adoptable (this is where they keep puppies and cats). The facility also has many 'Meet and Greet' rooms for potential families to meet these cuties.The Mesa pound has 4 wings (I think), and mostly has dogs. They seem to have fewer small dogs then the Phoenix pound. And the Mesa facility seems to have more 'huge' dogs.The PHOENIX shelter is CLOSED on Wednesdays.The MESA shelter is CLOSED on Thursdays.The Volunteers:In both locations look for people in RED shirts that say volunteer. These people know a lot about the adoption process (I'm one of them :) ). The ones in blue are there for facility and animal care, less on the adoption side. But they can help you, it's just not their area of specialty.The Animals:Most animals up for adoption are strays. However a good portion are from owner surrender. When you look at a potential animal for adoption all of them had to pass two types of tests: health and behavior. The health test is to screen for OBVIOUS only medical problems, the behavior test is to screen for things like aggression and fear.  Generally, any animal put up for adoption is in good shape. A lot of them may have small problems which are easily fixed (both behavior and health problems). When you adopt an animal you get a free vet visit within 10 days to a vet of your choice. The facility will give you a list. MCACC can not verify the health of any animal but they do do their best.PLEASE consider adopting a shelter pet. Animal boutiques and pet stores OFTEN get their animals from shelters or backyard breeders. MCACC gets a ton of purebred animals, and the selection in breeds is extensive at any given time. Adoption Fees:These change semi-regularly due to environmental conditions. They are very reasonable and include: all necessary shots, registration for dogs (not puppies or cats), and a free vet visit.
4	For the month of October ALL dog adoptions are $51! and Cats over 1yr. are Free to good home!! WAHOOO come find your furry companion for Halloween; they'll dress up with you and keep you company during a scary movie. (all adoptions include shots [e.g. rabies],neuter/spay,license,& free vet visit) *Note* Pups must be at least 3 months to get rabies and receive licenseYou can check out their animals online from both shelters (many don't have pics so, in-person adopting is best):http://www.petfinder.com/pet-search?shelterid=AZ102Tip:     If you have another dog bring someone with you to hold the dog in one of the fenced in yards, while you look around.  Once you find a possible match go to receiving and find a staff member  to initiate a meet n greet between the dogs - they're trained professionals.  This is the best way to go about adoptions in multiple dog homes so you don't have the guilt of bringing a dog back if they don't get along, not to mention you'll luck out on your money if you do bring them back.
1	I can not express how disappointed I am in the 27th Avenue MCACC West Facility. I called the MCACC West location after seeing an online post of a pup (who looks just like one I have) on the euthanasia list. I couldn't let this adorable little pup be euthanized, so I had to take action. I explained to the staff member that I was calling to adopt an animal that was on the euthanasia list and needed to be removed from the list immediately. After being on hold for about 15 minutes another staff member picked up, so I repeated the purpose of my call. She then told me that I needed to call a different number, so I did. The person did not pick up and their voice mail gave specific instructions NOT to leave a voice message in regards to an animal on the euthanaisa list and to call the hotline instead. Great, but no hotline number was given, nor was such number listed on the posting. I called the first number back and got another staff member. I politely explained the purpose of the call and asked if there was someone else I could be directed to and if I could have the hotline number. The women sighed and put me on hold. When she came back she had no numbers to give me and wasn't sure what the hotline number was. Instead she huffed and puffed and said she would take my information over the phone and take the animal off the list. Gee, thanks. I could tell by her whispering with a co-worker in the background that she was just eager to go home for the day and didn't want to help me save this animals life. It's truly disppointing that there is not a better process in place for people to help resuce animals by adopting them before they are euthanized the morning. What's even more disappointing is getting a bad attitude by the staff and feeling like you are an inconvenience to them because your trying to save an animals life.
4	6 months ago my bf and I decided to go check out the center since I was running some errands in Tempe Marketplace and I've been saying how I needed a puppy friend in my life. They have several rows of dogs (and cats) for you to look at. Of course, there were a few that pulled at my heart strings. If a dog is found, their policy is to wait 4 days before anyone can adopt it. A few weeks later, we came back since I was once again running errands in Tempe Marketplace. The one baby pup wasn't there anymore but we saw a Pom mix that my bf just had to get. They had just found him so we needed to wait 4 days before we could come back. Exactly 4 days later, we came back and asked to take him out. He was super shaky and scared, poor thing. We decided to get him though! He wasn't fixed and needed shots so we were told that we had to come back a few days later to get him. On the paperwork, it told us that he could be picked up in their Phoenix location. Living in Scottsdale, the Phoenix location was quite a hike. We went right after work during rush hour which didn't help too. By the time we finally made it there, we were told that he wasn't there and that he was at the Mesa location. So we had to drive all the way back to Mesa to finally pick him up. The whole cost was about $72 for rabies shots and to get him fixed. It also included a free vet visit within a certain time frame which we didn't have the chance to use. Overall, the adoption process was pretty painless (although the wait in line is pretty bad). One star off for the bad communication and making us run around town to pick up our pup. Totally worth it in the end though.
5	County does an amazing job with the animals that they HAVE to help.  They can get up to 100+ animals A DAY as strays and/or owner surrenders.  PLEASE consider volunteering there to help keep the animals clean and healthy.
5	I wish i could take all these pooches home. they make my heart break knowing most won't make it to the end of the month. we came by yesterday, tried out half a dozen dogs and settled on a blue tick pointer. when we went to sign out, the receptionist told us our dog was listed "not good with other dogs" so we asked if we could come back tomorrow with a friends dog to see how they interacted. came back today with our friends dog and they did fine together. so we took our blue tick home and things are going well so far. for first timers, the county shelter can be overwhelming. it's not a pet resort, but they do the best they can i guess. on most cages, there is basic breed information related to that specific breed. this does not describe the animals personality. the dog could be family friendly, kid friendly, dog friendly, they don't know. the shelter is just going by the breed and sometimes a very short behavioral analysis. so it's important to keep an open mind.also, it's about 70% pit mixes, 25% chihuahua mixes, and a sprinkle of other dogs (there are cats as well). some of the pitties we took out were so sweet and adoreable. fees range from 65-150 bucks, depending on if the dog is already microchipped and spayed/neutered. ours was already fixed and chipped so she only cost 65 bucks. all the staff seemed to really like working there and were extremely helpful in the process going smooth and stress free.
4	We checked out this county animal shelter over the weekend in the hopes to find us a new dog. I have to admit I got a little choked up. This is the reality. For anyone who actually buys a dog, please know there are so many animals here who need a home! I wish I could say it was a cushy spot for these animals, but the reality is it's just the basics. They rely a lot on donations for blankets and supplies and have a lot of help from volunteers. Yes, there was crap in some of the cages, but I think the employees and volunteers try to keep up and do the best they can. We saw a few of them spring into action when a new mother got sick and needed her cage cleaned out so she could nurse her puppies. The volunteer who helped us took each dog we wanted to see out back into their fenced in area so we could interact with them. The who process was very easy. We filled out the application and whatever info they know about the dog (usually not much, if anything) is disclosed. They also give out a list of vets who will provide a free wellness exams for adopted pets. $60 later she was ours! Hey it's a county shelter, so there are no guarantees, but if you really want to help out and adopt a pet it's worth taking look!
5	$25 microchipping, $35 FIV & leukemia for cats. I adopted my fat tabby, Miz Swee D from the clutches of death. Expect to leave feeling depressed and defeated because you cannot adopt all of the sweet animals in this place. The adoption process was very painless and quick, although I noticed that they don't ask a lot of questions many of the no-kill shelters ask. Reading their statistics report I cannot justify buying a pet from a pet store when thousands upon thousands of cats and dogs are being put to death every year. If you search their website you can look for a certain breed you prefer, I was looking for an Alaskan Malamute which they had!
5	:) We adopted our li'l Scooby here (pic attached), and I'm so in love!!Maricopa Animal Shelter is a lot better than Arizona Humane Society in that I feel like the animals here are treated a lot better. There's also different buildings and it's pretty well-kept~ Inside the main building, you'll find cozy li'l kittens and cats. Once you walk out, the first 3-4 buildings are the adoptables, and the last 2 are strays. The strays become adoptables after 72 hours, I think. So, if you see a stray that you want, wait for 3 days or sign onto a waiting list, and you'll be able to get him/her! I think prices range from $60-$150 depending on how many days the pet has been in the shelter. We got ours for $150 only because we got him 3 days after he was dropped off in the shelter. He's got all his shots, and he got neutered the next day. All services were included with the adoption fee. I almost wanted to adopt the whole shelter! If you want to adopt puppies, I think this shelter has more puppies. When you want to adopt them, they'll take you to a room where you can play with the dog and give you new toys for the dog when youre ready to adopt. Service was okay. The wait was extremely long the day I went (line went to the door). Fill out some paperwork and voila! emBARK on your adoption journey now :D
3	While I want to choose my words carefully as not to sway people from adopting these poor shelter dogs I can't say I had the best experience at the Tempe/Mesa location off of Rural and University. While I understand the funds for the shelter are probably low, hence the reason it's so run down. I also understand the simple fact of the matter is shelter life is depressing.  It's gross and scary in there but even more reason to go try to find an animal to rescue from this place. I got my Jack (the jack russell mix) from there in july. He's a perfectly normal, healthy well adjusted dog. We got extremely lucky. He's potty trained, well mannered, clean and quite the little character. He's made mine and my bf's life significantly better. Best decision I've made in a long time adopting this guy.The reason I don't care for this location is the people who volunteer. I can only assume most of them are forced to be there in some way because they are completely rude. The first girl we spoke to was very helpful. She brought us out to the area to see if the dog was a good match for us and led us where to go from there. That's where it all went downhill for me. I walk up to the front desk, quite excited about this moment. It's my first adoption since I was a young girl. The moment I've been dreaming of for years. Only to be greeted by a woman behind the counter who takes my paperwork without so much as a smile, barely says a word to me and tell me to go to the back, wherever the hell that is exactly to go pick up my new pet. She takes my payment without noticing the area where I checked I'd like to microchip my dog. I decided against it for the time being in case things didn't work out for any reason.So we head to "the back" after wandering around completely lost we finally ask for directions from another miserable person who explains how to find the area as it wasn't even in the building. It was outside and around a corner. I never wouldn have found it. We get there and again greeted with a "what do you want" attitude. They barely uttered a word to us. Plop our dog up, give him a shot and say, "ok, you can go."So we get the hell out of there as quick as possible with our new friend and head over to the nearst pet store as I'm shopping we realize we never got our tags/paperwork back. We were gone barely 15 min when we head back and now the room where I need to get my paperwork back is closed. The door says they can't open it when closed because it's where they unload more pets. Understandable. So I ask for help from a few diff people and basically get the same answer. "Well the door's closed." REALLY? No shit.  Like I am supposed to understand all that means. So I finally just assume this means no one can go in there, including workers/volunteers. So I choose not to leave my bf and new pup in the car much longer than that I go home and come back the next day.When I arrive the next day I patiently wait in the longest short line I've ever been in. I swear this place is as bad as the dmv. Even though we all have numbers this woman decided to cut, apparently her "quick question" was more important than everyone elses and THEY DON'T EVEN ASK HER TO WAIT HER TURN!!!!  So frustrated as hell by this point, I calmly take my turn and explain the situation to the young lady behind counter. Instead of apologizing she walks over to some bin looks for it and says, "It's not there, are you sure they didn't give it to you." I'm positive because I hadn't even made it home and I had no paperwork walking back to the car. She proceeds to check again. "Well, I just don't know where it is." silence. I stare at her like aaannndddd.... "I guess we'll just have to get you another one." Great!! , like threatening me with a solution to my problem. I don't care where I get it, just give me a damn number. I went to the Phoenix location shortly after to pick up a neuter application for a friend and was treated 100 % differently. They were much more pleasant and friendly. The grounds are newer and maintained a bit better. My only advice, keep in mind you're doing this for the animals. If they're treating people like this who knows what the animals have to deal with.
5	Please adopt and don't shop! I stopped by here to inquire about volunteering. Walking down rows and rows of lost, abandoned, sad dogs was so sad. I unfortunately cannot adopt or foster a dog because of my cats, however I highly recommend it if you are looking for something rewarding to do. It is a great way to see if you are ready for a dog or cat too. Stop by and save an animal's life today!
2	The 2 stars are for the 2 great dogs that I have SAVED from this shithole. TODAY, I stopped in because we are in the market for possibly another pup for our dog. I could not believe what I walked into. Stray and rabies quarantined signs on 3/4 of the kennels. Multiple dogs in each kennel. Covered in urine and feces, kennels full of piles of shit. These poor animals deserve better than this. I have never seen it this bad. Flies are everywhere. These animals are miserable. The shelter is currently having a sale on their adoptions until the end of April, yet none of them seem to be available for adoption. I'm not even sure if it's a staffing/volunteer issue, because I saw them walking the aisles, passing the kennels full of shit and other things etc. God, I'm so disgusted over this. These pups need to be saved. ASAP.
2	If you call with questions about adoptions, they will NEVER answer the phone. You get hold music forever. I waited 20 minutes after the machine said the wait time is around 1 minute. I've called 3 times trying to get info on how to adopt a new stray I saw there... Have never gotten through. It's a long drive for me so it's very inconvenient for me to travel there just to get some questions answered.I would say around 60% if the dogs are not adoptable. They are either quarantined or strays that have to go through a waiting period. You can almost never find someone to help you look at a dog or answer questions. You can't put any dogs on hold to adopt when they become available. I entered a drawing for a stray puppy that became available and it was extremely fishy, pulling a number out of the box but instead of reading the winning number the lady went to the back room for a few minutes and then came out and told us some guy in another city won the dog... He wasn't even there.I went to the back to request to walk one of the other dogs and, before I could make my request, the guy closed the door on me and I waited for about 15 minutes in the sun before he opened the door to take my request. There was around 4 others in line.I did want to say that once they gave me the dog to play with, they have these nice play cages out back around the corner where you can throw a ball or chew toy and stuff. This is the only thing stopping it from being 1 star.I would say there's an extremely minimal effort being put in to actually find these animals homes. It could be so much better.
4	Ugh. I have totally mixed feelings on this place. Four stars because I got the sweetest most loving playful corgi, whom my bf and I named Cessna, lacking a star because the place itself is a saaaad place. I can't really blame the staff or the place itself, as they are under budget restrictions and such, I can just urge people to deal with the dmv like set up and depressing hallways because there are soo many loveable pups in there. I rescued by chance a house trained, trick knowing, quiet loving pup and I owe it all to mcacc for keepin him around. Oh and I adopted him during an event and he cost 14$ total!
1	Got a dog, had to be put down three days later with Distemper.  Thousands of dollars spent and a child's broken heart.  There is no recourse when adopting a dog from this place, they are not responsible for anything.  They don't care for these dogs, they just sell them.  I will never adopt from this shelter again.
5	Some people are dog people some people are cat people, my son and I are the latter half, while I love dogs, have friends with the best dogs in the world, we are a cat type of family.My son for over a month has been going on about getting a cat that he didn't want one neither from the pet store nor off craigslist. So we went to Maricopa County Animal Care Center, when you adopt one you actually are saving 2. He walked around and interacted with some cats, some cleary didn't care to be talked to, all hissy and stuff and some were very playful, he found one he just had to have, a 7 month old black cat.The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, answered all his questions, told him what ever history they had on the cat, this one was in foster care for most of his life. It cost him nothing to adopt him, but he did get him micro chipped and had heartworm testing done.My son is extremely happy with his cat, named him Severus. The cat is so friendly and loveable. The Maricopa County Animal Care Center takes in 100 dogs a day, don't know how many cats, they have volunteer programs and are always looks for those who foster.   Remember owning a pet is a lifetime commitment, it's not just a phase, so be responsible when it comes to owning a pet.  So many animals are turned in because the owners don't want them/can't have them anymore and most do not get to make it to another home.  So if you're getting a pet, remember it's a lifetime commitment,  and take a step further and save a life and go to the Maricopa County Animal Care Center!
2	They actually open at 11:00 am , not 9:00. Also, the address listed is wrong. It is actually 2630 rio solado parkway. Other than that, the facility is okay. Staff isn't very tentative.
5	Got my beautiful little princess here.  I took my time and visited a couple times a week to watch the temperaments of the dogs under consideration.  A couple on my short list got adopted out in the meantime, good for them!  One became ill and was later put down.  The volunteers have handled all the dogs and can fill you in on the personality and popularity of each.  Mine was near the corner stall, so easily overlooked.  For a $20 Christmas special (plus another $30 fees/microchip) she was the best gift of all last year.  Healthy (gained 20# from initial emaciated state), happy, calm, loves to play, ride in the car, hike, a great companion.  Already grown up so no bladder or teething issues.  Was concerned about the pit bull breed, found her to be quite similar to my lab, with a touch more snuggly, more calm and not barky.  The sleek coat is easier on my clothing as well.  Would love to adopt more if I could!
