4	Ay Dios mio!  This place is good!!!This is the second outlet of the original Tacos El Compita on Charleston and Jones  (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-compita-las-vegas)The food is just as authentic and good as the original.  It is much smaller then the original with less seats so if you go during lunch or dinner rush you may have to wait for a seat.  That contributed to the half-star deduction as well as the fact they do not have aguas frescas or fresh jalapenos both of which they have at the original location.I think the tripas are my fav here.  But everything else is so good - the carnitas, buche, lengua are all excellent.I want to try the caldos here, someone next to us had some menudo that looked really good.  I tried the cemitas and am not a huge fan because I didn't love the bread.  and unfortunately I believe it's the same bread for the tortas, but I'll have to try next time.
5	Best Mexican food in Vegas!!I was introduced to Tacos El Compita #2 by a coworker and I have been addicted ever since. Mexican food is usually good if the spot is hood, and this place is no different. It's a hole in the wall but the food is tasty and cheap. They got the BEST carne asada, period. The Pastor is no slouch neither, real flavorful and saucy. I always get the 5 tacos for $5.25 and a Mexican Coke. They also got mulitas which are like open face tacos but they add cheese and another tortilla on top with avocado. You won't find that anywhere else around here.I would probably eat here everyday if it was closer to my house. It's that good and I LOVE me some mexican food! Damn my mouth watering just thinkin bout it!
5	Was looking around Yelp for lunch today and saw @Jennifer R's review.....after reading it and the other review of this place, I had to try it out.  I wanted to beat the lunch rush so I could get a table, so I got there around 11:30.....perfect timing.  I was the only non-Mexican patron in the restaurant (out of 12 people).There are four 4 Top tables and one 2 Top table in the restaurant.  I snagged a 4 Top right in front of the counter and ordered a Carne Asada Burrito & a Carne Asada Taco.  Out of the corner of my eye I noticed a Jarritos Orange Soda in the cooler....of course I had to get one......sweetened with natural sugar & not HFCS, it's one of my fav's.While I was waiting for my food, I went to the Salsa bar and prepared some Red (Hot), Green (Mild), and Pico de Gallo Salsa.  It's a small Salsa bar, but what it lacks in quantity it makes up in quality.  Then I noticed in the cooler an odd bottle that said "Sangria" on it.....What the Frijoles? (see pics)  So, I went to investigate.....turns out it's "non-alcoholic".....dammit, fools gold!  Who would drink that???  blech!Within a few minutes my food was ready.  I went for the Taco first.....devoured it in 3 bites.....it was amazing!  The Carne Asada is marinaded with the same flavor I remember back in So Cal.....I think I found Taco Nirvana!  Then I went for the Burrito.....it's a nice size for $3.99, great value.  The Burrito didn't disappoint either!  It was amazing!  A quick note for the Gringos....if you order the Burrito with "Everything", it will already have Hot (Red) Salsa inside the Burrito....and it's pretty spicy, so if you're sensitive to that, tell them without salsa.  The Burrito had Carne Asada, Beans, Rice, Salsa, and Onions in it.....good proportions of all ingredients too.  Just like the Taco, the Asada's flavor was just right.Overall, this place has just launched itself to the top of my Taco Shop list.  Thanks @Jennifer R for that review!Will I return?  Orale, of course!
5	This is definitely one of those great hole in the wall places.  Small not to clean but the best Mexican in town.  Yum yum yum don't tell anyone or we'll never get a table.We've tried everything and its all good.
4	I was really craving Mexican, and after reading some of the other reviews concerning this hole in the wall restaurante I had to give it a try. Located right of the Summerlin Pkwy and Buffalo, this little place has a facade of no thrills but oh what a surprise you get. The menu is small but the food you receive is probably one of the best. The place has only a few tables and a bit of a funky smell, like it used to be a chinese take-out or something, but don't let that distract you. After ordering you notice that the service is extremely quick, like McDonald's quick, (I went on a Monday night around 8pm) and the little salsa bar with their different condiments is concise with pico de gallo, fresh cut wedges of limes, a green chile sauce, and a rich red chili sauce. I ordered the carne asada burrito and the five pack soft tacos with carnitas, carne asada, and lengua. All I decided to take them home to enjoy and what a surprise it was. Each and every one of the tacos were still soft and tender. The meats, no matter if it was the asada, carnitas, or lengua, had a slight roasted smoky flavor with a little kick. It didn't take me long to devour all the tacos. Next it was onto the carne asada burrito. All I can say is wow! Same great taste, smoky, juicy, and downright better than many of the other Mexican burrito joints in town. All I could do was nom, nom, nom! It was my first time trying Tacos El Compita numero dos, but it will not be my last!
5	When it comes to tacos, I don't mess around. I have invested considerable time and effort to become, what I consider, a connoisseur.In each city I have lived I have found the best tacos in town, and then become a regular customer. When I moved to Vegas, I was admittedly nervous -- I can't live without good tacos and Vegas is big... it could take months to find the best. Luckily, it didn't. It took two weeks (and 3 great reviews from Latino friends) to find Tacos El Compita.  The food is fresh, authentic, flavorful and juicy! It is just greasy enough to be good  Mexican food, but not so much as to cause post-lunch regret. I recommend the mulitas, typically with carne asada, or some chicken tacos. (Be warned, the chicken tacos can be a bit spicy if you order them with everything ... but OH SO DELICIOUS).I went for lunch today, and I'll be back again next week.
3	I stopped here with a friend who was familiar with the place and raved about their carne asada burritos.  The dine-in area is very small, and the few tables were not wiped cleaned.  Since it was a nice day we ordered our food to go and ate at a picnic table at a nearby park.  As a sort of appetizer, we ordered a couple of mulitas.  These are kind of like little tortilla sandwiches that have cheese, onion, avocado, salsa, and the meat of your choice.  We got ours with BBQ pork (pastor).  They were awesome and just $1.50 each.I try to avoid beef as much as possible so I ordered the mole poblano with chicken, which at $7.99 is one of the most expensive items on the menu.  However, when I saw my friend's burrito, it did look appetizing.  So appetizing, in fact, that I had to try a bite. It had been two or three years since I had a carne asada burrito, but I can't say I've ever tasted a better one.As for my main dish, the chicken was covered with the mole sauce, and rice and beans were served on the side, along with some slices of fresh avacado.  It had also been awhile since I'd had mole and I was not disappointed.  It hit the spot.  I know I'll be back here on a pretty regular basis -- whenever I want authentic, delicious Mexican food at a very affordable price. It is cash only, so make sure you bring cash.
5	Thank you Yelp reviews. I've had what were easily the best tacos I've ever had. Delicious flavors and fresh meat. $1 each!!!But what do I know about Mexican food; I'm a French-Canadian living in Central PA. Eh?
5	Hidden behind a gas station in a run down strip mall, Tacos El Compita #2 does not make a strong first impression.  The restaurant itself feels a little run down with a very cramped space and a tiny amount of tables, which appear to only occasionally be wiped down.Given all of that, Tacos El Compita #2 requires a leap of faith.  But give the place a chance and you will experience the best carne asada burrito in Las Vegas.  Yes.  The BEST.  Now, I don't give that title out lightly.  There are some good Latin places around this Valley, but this taqueria's cooking out does them all.Why?  The secret is how the place cooks the meat for the burrito.  Rather than tossing the steak on a grill as orders come in, Tacos El Compita #2 keeps the steak mixed into a spicy soup.  Kept on a separate stove just below simmering, the steak has been stewing in a delicious, spicy tomato-based soup.  And when the sauce is drained off and the carne asada is placed alongside the rice, beans and cheese, it's over-the-top delicious and spicy and flavorful.  You will have to remind yourself that you're in a taqueria after you start eating because you just don't expect this level of flavor from a small hole in the wall.Since I moved to Henderson, this place is about 40 minutes away from me.  But it doesn't matter.  We make the drive.  It's just that good.
4	I had to try this place it out since it falls under my Category of Cherse = Mexican Food! Plus these Yelp reviews lured me in here in no time!!Not the nicest place nor the biggest but I'm here for the food, besides this is what typical real authentic mexican food shops look like in Los Angeles, so I guess I'm used to it. Carne Asada Burrito with everything: Not the Best I've tried but definitely one of the better Asadas I've had here in Vegas. The meat had distinct roasted red pepper flavor, had a spicy note to it and was outright Tasty! Pour over some green sauce with squeezes of lemon juice and a couple bites from their sliced radish time to time, seemed to amplify the experience!!Carne Asada and Carnitas "Mulita" Tacos: I don't know what "Mulita" means but it costs like 50 cents more and they add cheese (that real white mex. cheese), slice of avocado, pico de gallo.. Whatever, it's damn good!! They place a tortilla on top, forming a sandwich then they lightly fry the tortilla on both sides, just until it gets some crunch and the cheese starts melting.. The Carnitas (pork) was juicy, tender and flavor was on bullseye!And the Blue Ribbon goes to the Carne Asada & Carnitas Mulita Tacos!!
3	this place has decent run of the mill mexican food....dont get me wrong- its definetely authentic with the pickled carrots and radish but there is better mexican food out there! i know im biased being from southern california but hey i just have high standards! (and too bad i cant yelp my family's AMAZING homemade food ha!) anywho...still keeping my fingers crossed to find authentic good mexican food in vegas....the search continues....
4	Location: West sideyuh yeah.Taco El Compita is like Mexican spots in LA, offsetting appearance, shady business plaza, and smells like chlorine when you enter. Its going to take some guts to jump in and give it a try if you're used to spots like Baja Fresh or Qdoba. Once you're in though, YOU'RE IN... assuming that you like more authentic Mexican food and have no intentions of ordering carne asada fries. From my experience with the carnitas, carne asada , and pollo they are a bit spicy and kind of have a tomato taste. The tacos are tiny, but they are soft, have intense flavor, and only cost 12 pesos (1 USD)! The burrito however is not tiny, you could probably fit a Taco Bell grilled stuffed burrito in it. Anyways my carne asada burrito was filled with rice, beans, onions and well carne asada, none of that sour cream and guacamole nonsense. The salsa bar is pretty small, but definitely has all the essentials, pico di gallo, lime wedges, green salsa, and red salsa. Service was quick and prompt.If it adds to anything I always see Hispanic customers here, so maybe they think its legit too. SMALL SMALL SMALL thing that bothers me though is that the menu board facing the cooks and not where the customers are facing.
4	This is what I would consider authentic Mexican taco fare.  Excellent!  I really was sad when my meal was over.  It was so good.  Paper plates, cash only, very good food.  Tomorrow night we'll be finding another such place to eat.  Not because this wasn't great food, because it was.  Just because this place has got me hooked and I've got to try more.
1	Authentic Rural Mexican RestroomsThe food was excellent, and I would have given the restaurant five stars for that and for the clean kitchen which is part of the dining area.  However, a dirty and foul-smelling restroom detracted seriously.  Worse, sewer gas dominated the dining area.  The shame of it is that both of these problems are easy to avoid, the restroom by obvious means and the sewer gas problem by making a vent to the outside so the cooking ventilator does not cause undue low pressure in the facility.  OR the gas problem may be solved by simply making sure the floor drain gas traps are filled with water. It's a shame and maybe an unusual event.  We'll try it again.
4	Growing up just outside of LA, I know good mexican food. This joint is solid, from the salsa, dollar tacos, to the killer burritos. You just gotta ask for cheese and avocado in yours!
3	4 stars if the place was in Indiana or something, but not with a bunch of excellent competing mexican places in the area.  The tacos were fine but not spectacular. The carne asada was the best out of what I had (carnitas, buche, pastor, and lengua).
2	I love Mexican food, but I don't like Mexican food that is overloaded with salt.  In fact, writing this and thinking about my meal a few weeks ago is already making me feel dehydrated.  Perhaps, I ordered the wrong thing.  Perhaps it was a bad batch.  My husband and I shared the Pastor Burrito and after the first bite, the saltiness was too much to bare.  We also ordered a couple of tacos (carne asada and chicken) and those were both OK.  We also ordered a chicken quesadilla for my toddler daughter, and once I got past the greasiness (which is to be expected), it was OK too.  The only item I actually enjoyed was the Horchata.  I shall continue my search for a great hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint.
4	My 2nd favorite taco place in Vegas behind Tacos el Gordo.Basically, soft tacos cost $1 and you can choose from asada, pastor, carnitas, chicken, and a couple others.  They also make great tortas, quesadillas, and some other things I don't know the name for.  Great salsa bar that has, thank God, pico de gallo.  Most places just have the runny salsas - but I like the chunky pico de gallo.  Adds a lot of crispiness and freshness to any mexican food.I also love their burritos - just meat, rice, beans, and salsa.  Highly recommended for cheap eats.
5	Just wanted to let everyone know that they punched a hole in the wall and now have a much bigger dinning area!Same great food and prices!!!! Also they seem to have cleaned up their act a bit....... tables and rest room are much cleaner.
5	SWEET BABY JESUS!! ORGASMIC!So I LOVE tacos and any Mexican food for that matter; they have GREAT food here! The price, quality, and quantity is ace! Everything was seasoned PERFECTLY! I got the muelitas and ordered some carne asada tacos for my son. I went to the salsa bar and was a little hesitant to get salsa (I'm a visual eater and this didnt look yummy) but I got some anyway along with some limes. I went and got my beloved horchata and was in heaven because it was a self serve!! I took one drink and seen cherubs!! It was def love! We got home and I salsa and limed up my muelitas and took a bite; I swear the earth stopped for like 5 seconds and I seen angels flying around!! PERFECT! Thank goodness I got the hot salsa because it was delish!!!! The muelita melted in my mouth and I was in love; I couldnt get enough! The carne asada, cheese, and avocado was totally mastered! My sons carne asada tacos were wonderful! We ate all the food up!The place is pretty large and just a plain seating area. Remember! Youre going for the food, and not the ambiance!! I've been to super pricey restaurants and the food was hella shitty!Go here NOW! And bring an extra set of panties bc you may very well cream them!!
5	This place makes me want to learn Spanish!We had chicken tacos, a beef burrito, and of course some horchata. The salsa bar was fresh and a perfect pairing with our foods. Lucky for us, this place is less than five minutes from our house!
3	I had bookmarked this place to try quite awhile ago but didn't get around to trying it until a couple of days ago. I ordered three carne asada tacos. When the guy told me the price of less than 4 bucks I thought to myself that I should have ordered another one. I was right. The tacos were small (i.e., think three-bite taco) but tasty. I was disappointed when I first saw them because they had a red sauce on them and I'm a green salsa type of girl. However, the sauce had a nice smoky flavor. Not my favorite tacos ever, but I think I'll give them another try.They had a salsa bar with red and green salsa, pico de gallo, radishes, onion, lime, and pickled carrots. I got some of everything. However, I didn't end up eating the salsas because the tacos were already very flavorful. I only got like one piece of carrot because the container was about empty. I don't think the guy at the counter spoke a ton of English because when I told him the carrots were about empty he just smiled and nodded.
4	I am forgetting the name but the #6 sandwich with meat, cojita cheese and avocado is so good that I got it again within 24 hours of first trying it.
5	Legit mexican!   Seriously, I love Robertos, but this has something on Robertos, its the same , but better.  I cant put my finger on it, but I know its better, lets think here.....cheap as dirt, quick, flavorful, fresh made to order, glazed meats, mexican workers, bare bones, simple and it makes sense all together.  So simple it is , but remember simple can be supercalafragelistickexpeealodocious.....super for short.   No "undalay" over there for a burrito filler!   Satisfied always!  5star mexican!
5	Another awesome meal!!  My husband and I love this place. The Mulitas are a must try :-). Everything's fresh and authentic. Just Come prepared to pay cash. No Debit or CC accepted. Prices are cheaper than Robertos.
4	Rather than go to Zaba's for the second time in one week, which my son wanted to do, we hit up Tacos El Compita for some authentic Mexican eats.  It's been a while, so since we've been gone, they have expanded the place.  The night we went, though, it was deserted, but that just meant that we got quicker service.  Three carnitas tacos for me and four chicken tacos for mi hijo to go came to a whopping $9 plus change--much cheaper than Zaba's and muy delicioso.  We need to remember to come here more often.  Muchisimas gracias!
4	So picture Roberto's. But now take away the inconsistent Carne Asda and the way you feel sick sometimes afterwards, and replace that with an extremely moist, tender Carne Asada and you have a better understanding of Tacos El Compita. I tried it for the first time the other day, and I was very impressed. It is right in my neighborhood so I will definitely return. They also have pretty awesome soft tacos. The taco plate comes with like six and it is all very reasonably priced here. The salsa bar seemed a lot like Roberto's. I was digging the red sauce. Try this place, you most likely won't be disappointed. Make this place 24/7 and open more locations and this place would be perfect. I can't wait to return and try some other stuff.
1	I'm upset at las Vegas yelpers, ive been let down before, but this was terrible. I had a carne asada burrito, came asada taco, carnita taco, and a cheese quesadilla....I'm happy I only threw away $13
5	Best Tacos in Vegas. truthfully, I never get anything else so I don't know... but, I love the Tacos.
4	Yay! What a good experience. In fact, so good I went back for seconds and am drafting this review while el cocinero prepara mis tacos. So I came in to judge a bean burrito. That's it. I figure if a taco shop can't make a decent bean burrito then why trust them with such intricate creations as tacos or tortas (or God forbid, a quesadilla).It was good. Real good. And unique. A little smaller than a Berto's bean, and a little looser and with white cheese instead of yellow, but good. The salsa bar is good for a un-gourmet shop. The red and green salsas have tons more flavor than other places, and tons less bacteria aswell thanks to the refrigerated holder. Who would've thought, keeping ready to eat foods at decent temperatures. Shocking!The pico is good, and FREE! A little too much onion and the few tomatoes weren't quite ripe enough, but I'm not complaining. Not bad. Then the tacos came. 1.25 each for choice of meat. I did the Asada and Carnitas, and I'd do it all again, dammit! Little TJ street style tacos with just the right amount of seasoning on the meat. I'm serious, try a bite before you salt it up. These went great with the accoutrements. Perfectly paired. So for around $5 I had a great, tasty lunch. I might come back for dinner. ...and somewhere off in the sunset, in a dry and dusty land, a chain taco shop is crying because they just lost their best customer- except on $1 chicken taco Wednesdays, por supuesto...
4	Can't beat their prices, and their food is amazing.Their green salsa was delicious, and all of the condiments were fresh.
5	Hands down the most amazing carne asada burrito I've ever had! Their marinade or rub for the meat is.sooo good! When they ask you mild or hot ask for the green sauce. Both the red and green sauce are homemade both are delicious but the green sauce is absolutely amazing! Absolutely positively going back for more. I wish they were opened 24 hours!
5	Best Sopes and Burrito in LV! Best ASADA in town, LA style...closest thing to Cali...Yes! ...found my spot.
5	My wife and I tried this restaurant after reading the reviews on Yelp. We were both raised in SoCal and wanted to try the carne asada. On our first visit we tried a carne asada burrito and had some el pastor and the carnitas tacos. We were surprised that the carne asada burrito was not as good as everyone said. It's not bad but it's just not as good everyone said. The el pastor and the carnitas tacos we had however were fabulous!! We went back again today and tried the El Pastor tortas and some more carnitas tacos. Both were unbelievably good! The tortas was the best I've ever had. The food tastes so fresh. The green sauce and condiments are very good. Finally, the couple that run the place work their butts off and are extremely friendly. As good as this place is I am surprised it is not busier. You should go and change that.
4	People always tell you about "their favorite Mexican food spot" and good for them, but what most people don't realize is the best fast food Mexican food west of the Las Vegas strip is in fact Tacos El Compita. This place is clean, fresh and absolutely delicious. Best thing on the menu is their Mulitas, with many choices of meat you're bound to find the one for you, the price is simply amazing as well!! Only down fall is they close at 9pm, most of us like the burritos and tacos after midnight, so be sure to come here for lunch and enjoy the friendly staff as they prepare you some of the greatest Mexican Meals.
5	Update: The Chile Verde Nachos are probably the best nachos I have ever eaten.They. Are. Amazing! Thoroughly enjoyed every single thing we've had here. Mulitas are awesome and the new menu additions like nachos and sopes frigging rock! The mole poblano enchiladas are a little bit of heaven. Quite a deal at $6.50, too. Cemitas son Muy bueno! A meal and a half right there! Zippy, too!
4	The burritos aren't 3.99 anymore (it's $6 and change) but it was good! I got the carnitas burrito. The tortilla was toasted to perfection (which I've never had it like that except for when you get a quesadilla) and the inside was very tasty. I also got to try to asada burrito which was given to me by accident. The meat was a but too salty. All in all, Id definitely go back again for the carnitas burrito!
4	This place is the most legit Mexican spot in LV that I've found so far. Robertos does not come close. I've had most of the menu and usually go with the chicken or asada tacos and tortas - reminds of the authentic taco shops in frequented in California.
4	Hubs got the asada tacos I got the pozole. Tacos we're greAt but pozole tasted like they forgot to put seasoning in it. No flavor. I added green Chile from the salsa bar and it was great after that! I've had the pozole here before and it was delicious. Wish they had some specials on tacos. We got the 4 tacos, pozole and a drink snd it came to 17.00 A little pricy for a little hole in the wall Mexican place. We'll be back here.
5	Amazing tacos! Really good quality food. Staff is nice. Excited to come back and try more items on the menu!
2	I've only been here once, so maybe I just came on an off day, or just got the "wrong" thing, but I won't be back. It wasn't good enough to justify driving even the short distance from my house (1 mile.) I tried Carnitas Burrito with beans and rice, and was not at all impressed. This is sad mexican food, bland and flavorless, but at least cheap. Rice and Beans were average. Horchata was good, but really, it takes special effort to screw up Horchata.
5	I love this place.  It's so close to my job I go more than I should but I'm not complaining. I love the Carne asada mulitas.  The tacos. The chips. The staff. The Pico de gallo. The green salsa. I love it all. I wish I could afford to eat the calories everyday.
5	My husband and I eat here regularly... whenever one of us or anybody we know is craving some amazing Mexican food we come here.  The tortas are the best.  The food is always fresh and the people working there are super nice and helpful.  My husband had the chili Verde and said it was amazingly good with the just the right amount of heat. I especially love the salsa bar.  Again, everything is fresh and yummy!! Simply put it's some bomb ass Mexican food:)
4	My husband loves this place.Their food is delicious and very affordable. Whenever we get a craving for Mexican food we come here :-)
