4	My.... Milkshake brings all the girls to the yard...and they're like it's better than yours....Oh yea Ghiradelli. Chocolate GOOD....affordable. GOOD....Ice cream....GOOD.....Sorry that was the frosty side of me speaking. But this old time ice cream parlor screams for attention. I've been to the one in LA, San Diego, San Fransisco....this one is across from Carnival Court at Harrah's. Same chocolate from everywhere else. Great Chocolate Sundaes...(why is it a sundae and not sunday or sundey?) Sorry Tangent..... And there's this one sundae with chocolate. and ice cream....hot fudge. and a chocolate square...Mmmm Buy Chocolate squares....My Milkshake brings all the girls to the yard......
5	Ghirardelli can't do much wrong.  I mean, you've HAD their chocolate, right?  (There's this peppermint kind at Christmas - and I'm not big on the peppermint - but I think it actually stopped my heart once, it was that good.)  This little shop nestled in the corner of the Harrah's Carnival Court saved my butt many a time during the Swing Dance craze of the late 90s (when the Carnival Court was the only place for an underage dancer to dance, yo!) and still remains a Strip staple of mine to this day.All this Cold Stone crap makes me mad.  Sometimes, I just want some ice cream, and I don't want no crap in it.  And I DEFINITELY don't want a high school kid to sing to me while they make it.  Just some ice cream, please.  And Ghirardelli serves up some creamy, comforting, old fashioned flavors in cones and dishes and sundaes that hit the spot every time.
4	Pricier than the one in San Francisco, but less crowded, more clean and didn't slap you in the face with their blatant merchandising.  Ice cream remains tasty, of course.
3	What is Nature's most perfect food?  It's obviously either ice cream or chocolate, but why decide?  Get a hot fudge sundae and have the best of both worlds.  Ghirardelli is a San Francisco chocolate company, but they also operate a number of ice cream shops.  Sure, the shops sell chocolate, but ice cream is their raison d'etre.The simple menu displays pictures of a number of sundaes - caramel, berry, butterscotch and the like - but the hot fudge sundae takes pride of place.  "World Famous HOT FUDGE SUNDAE" and "Home-made hot fudge sauce fresh daily," the menu proclaims.  "Indulge yourself with the Ghirardelli Classic Two scoops of premium vanilla ice cream overflowing with our fresh home-made hot fudge sauce, whipped cream, chopped almonds and a cherry."  You may also custom order, specifying type of ice cream, sauce(s), and toppings.I of course order the hot fudge sundae.  Ghirardelli did many things right.  First, they used a heavy piece of real glass.  It was cup/bowl shaped; while some might prefer a more tapered design, I won't quibble.  Second, they provided a long handled spoon.  Most importantly, their hot fudge was good - not great, not life changing, but good - and there's enough of it.  However, there was one significant flaw - the ice cream.  It was OK, but not especially good.  Worse yet, it was served very hard.I guess I'll have to keep looking for a great hot fudge sundae in Las Vegas.
5	The single scoop ($3.95) is enough to share, and the waffle cone was really great! Don't miss this place, it's behind the outdoor bar kind of.
4	Food: I knew Ghirardelli was open til midnight so we were happy to come here for some ice cream. Had a scoop of cookies and cream in a chocolate waffle dipped cone. The cone was a bit soft but the ice cream and chocolate on the cone was a nice, sweet combo. Price: About $5 for a scoop on a waffle cone and around $9 for a nice sundae.Service: Fast and friendly.Atmosphere: A nice place to sit and eat your ice cream. Also lots of Ghirardelli products to buy...probably gets loud in here since the stage/bar for Harrahs is just right outside.Location: Located in Harrahs carnival court.
4	Three Words:  Hot Fudge SundaeYUM!  Try eating the whole thing by yourself.  They have a wide selection of sundaes other than the regular hot fudge.  And you can get just a scoop of ice cream.  Plus they have their chocolates.  Yummy.  It's a nice spot to sit out of the heat and away from the second hand smoke.
5	Ghirardelli is a great place to stop and grab dessert while walking down the Strip. They serve the best sundaes I have ever had in my life. Whichever one you decide on, you got to have it with Dark Chocolate Fudge!!! I would only recommend Ghirardelli to people who enjoy sugary treats like me, because this place is definitely really, really sweet.
5	YUM! Small tables so larger parties need to get the booth seating and push all the tables together. Oh why did you close your 2-level store on Robson in Vancouver?!Only drawback to the vegas Ghirardelli was the dump next door with the loud music. Unless you're into that crap. Somehow beer, drunken behaviour and ice cream just don't go together.If I didn't need to wear my bikini the next day, I would have continued our love affair. I only had the mint chip in a cone while I watched longingly at others downing down the super sundaes and such.
4	I changed my opinion after going back many times.  this place really is great ice cream.-----------------------It's ok....but expensive for what you get.  We went there twice, just to be sure.  a sunday is $10....and you only get 2 scoops.  I've had equal quality at Denny's, beleive it or not, and paid $4.
4	This is the best ice cream shop in all of Vegas.  It is a little expensive but you get what you pay for.  The sundaes are awesome.  My favorite sundae is the hot fudge, made w/ dark chocolate.  This place also just has a nice atmosphere to it and is a must for anyone visiting Vegas.
5	ordered a sundae lots of chocolate sauce crushed cookies ice-cream just all round heaven. the staff ultra friendly and had the sundae brought out in less than two minutes, shared it with my wife who isnt the biggest ice-cream fan but both of us loved it. even gave us a little chocolate and caramel square complimentary which also was awesome.
4	Dark chocolate hot fudge?  Check.Smooth peanut butter?  Check.Vanilla ice cream?  Check.Whipped cream with a sprinkling of peanuts?  Check.Table outside on the patio?  Check.What's not to love?
3	This place is great on a cold night for a warm cup of hot chocolate or a carmel latte. The decor is typical of a mainstream ice cream shop and has very bright lighting. Its usually clean and the customer service is average. What makes me give this place a good rating? Well its the fact that their products with chocolate (like the hot chocolate) actually taste like good quality chocolate. The ice cream and shakes are pretty good too. Also if you go on a Friday or Saturday night after 10pm you get a great view of "the show" that goes on at the carnival court @ Harrah's (right next door).  Its the #1 spot on my list for people watching in Las Vegas.
5	This establishment is the definition of a 5 star for me. Great service, unique experience, and chocolate to match them both. I order a sundaes each and every time I visit Vegas. The SF location is a lot smaller, even though it's where the company originated.But this Las Vegas location has great staff, and there's stage near by that constantly has live music. I've been ordering the peanut butter fudge sundae the past two years. Before that it was warm brownie sundae, and before that it was a hot fudge sundae. Really good sundaes, that's all I get.
5	I mean it can't get any better when it comes to chocolate and ice cream correct? Must try at least once if u are in Vegas.
5	Once walked into the store, my bf and I were greeted and offered a sample chocolate, which was delicious. ( I just can't remember the name of it) The cashier was very helpful and friendly. Ordered the Ginger bread coco, which was amazing!! Def a most try! And will def go back for more! Was also acknowledged when leaving!!Overall: awesome customer service and yummy coco!!
2	Only thing I had here was the hot chocolate.I walked in because someone was passing out coupons outside and decided well I guess I can salvage some money and try something new. The coupon (of course) wasn't for anything I wanted so I said oh well and bought what I wanted anyway.The hot chocolate was watered down and didn't have much favor at all! I had better, much better. For a shop dedicated to chocolate, I was shocked. I consumed only half of it and then rest went into the trash.
4	Dreamy, creamy, and oh so heavenly! I absolutely love their decadent ice cream sundaes, especially the melt-in-your-mouth warm brownie sundae! This branch is just as good as the original location, but much less crowded. Their chocolate ice cream cone is also very good. The ice cream was super chocolate-y and the cone was crunchy and very tasty.
2	***Ghirardelli offers very expensive sundaes that are similar to the type of sundae you would get at a chain family restaurant though the hot fudge is good***This Ghirardelli shop is located near Harrah's on The Strip.  This shop features both Ghirardelli chocolate (mostly their signature squares but other options as well) and an old-fashioned ice cream and fountain shop.  They make shakes here as well as many different kinds of sundaes.I went with their signature hot fudge sundae, which consisted of two scoops of vanilla ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream, chopped almonds, and a maraschino cherry.I remember liking their sundae (at the least the one I had in San Diego a long time ago).  I have probably had much better ice cream desserts since then; it did not really stand up as well today.  The big problem with the sundae was that while the hot fudge was good and chocolatey, everything else was standard stuff.  The ice cream was a kind of light and whipped ice cream (kind of like Thrifty ice cream), which is not my favorite style of ice cream.The sundae also had the problem of melting too quickly.  It became more of an ice cream soup because the ice cream was not cold and firm enough.Service was good and quick.  The sundae maker brought the sundae to the table (he even brought out extra spoons for everyone to share).Pricing seemed high.  The sundae was almost $9 though I imagine that most sundaes in Las Vegas would cost that much.The hot fudge sundae at Ghirardelli was a lot like something you would find at a family chain restaurant.  Going in with the right expectations, the sundae is satisfying enough.  Still, for the price of the sundae here, you could probably find a much better sundae elsewhere (maybe at one of the Haagen Dazs locations in Las Vegas).For parking, you can park at one of the several nearby casinos like Harrah's.
5	Delicious Ice Cream Treat! I crave this.
5	Go here.  Honestly.  If you have even an inkling of a sweet-tooth, this is the place for you to be!!One night, after getting bored watching my husband play craps on the strip, we decided to wander on down.  The music drew us in, but the ice cream kept us there!The inside was bright and clean.  They had a little section where you could buy their individually wrapped chocolates and everything, and then a large counter where they make delicious creations.It was 10:45 at night, and they closed at 11 that night, but they encouraged me to take my time choosing.  I ordered a layered peanut butter and chocolate sundae to go.  I also added marshmallow fluff.  It was the best decision I have ever made.This sundae was EPIC.  It was seriously so delicious, and it will haunt my dreams until I am able to get more!  There is a Ghirardelli's ice cream shop in the city, and I am tempted to make a special trip downtown JUST for another sundae alone!  It was THAT good.I got one for "lunch" the next day, too.  :)
5	YUMMY!!!  I love Ghirardelli chocolate and I love their ice cream even more.  It is a bit pricey but if you have ever been to Baskin Robbins or the like, you will find their ice cream really isn't that pricey.  I usually get a banana split and some chocolate to take home.  I have gotten the hot chocolate and it was rich and delicious.  Don't know what the other reviewer was talking about it being watered down.  It is in a good location and you can enjoy the music and flair bartenders at carnival court.  I have always had great customer service and love when I arrive and they are giving out free samples.  This place definitely makes my mouth very happy!
4	-Awesome spot for vanilla milkshakes on the strip-They give you free samples of the chocolate candy when you are in the store.  It tasted great as well.-I do not normally say I have a sweet tooth but this hit the spot.
4	I love ice cream and simply put this place has the best ice cream I have had to date. I don't know whether it is the hot weather that made it taste so heavenly good but every time I go to Las Vegas I am sure to visit this sweet spot.My recommendation is to just get a simple chocolate dipped cone with a scoop of ice cream of your choice and you are well on your way to indulging in Sin City.
2	I LOVE how they give out a free samples every time we go in their store!This place smells amazing! I don't recommend getting the peanut butter sundae though... Its like would you want some ice cream with your peanut butter? Even with 2 people we couldn't finish it cause its basically eating spoonfuls of peanut butter after another. We also tried their brownie which taste more like fudge. And their massive cookie looks freaking delicious but expect it to be hard, not soft oogey gooey like how the cashier describes it.
3	this store is closed.  if you don't believe me, try calling them.
4	Can't believe it closed! They had great ice cream sundaes. I went here twice and both times were great.
5	Omg I'm a chocoholic and this is my drug
