3	I'm happy that I didn't review this place a few months ago...they were having growing pains, badly.  The store was a mess, but in the few months that have passed, They really have advanced into a little bit better place.This is on the same line of stores such as TJ Maxx, Marshalls and Ross Dress For Less.  The selection is the same mix of items they usually have like other places.  However, when I recently walked in and asked if they had and Steelers stuff they told me no.  Really?  You are in Pittsburgh, why don't you have Pittsburgh themed stuff.  They didn't have anything.  No Pirates, Penguins or Pitt Panthers.The clothing here is like the leftovers that the other discount chains didn't want.  You can find a buy in here, but you are going to have to scour the racks and shelves in order to find it.  There always seems to be a sale going on here too.  Every week it's a different type of clearance event.
4	I like this place for home goods and women's clothing. The men's selection is a bit spotty. I go to Edgewood Town Center all the time anyway, so it's usually worth it for me to stop in. Lots of cheaply made garbage, but there's always at least one winner here for me. My two favorite summer dresses were purchased here for $10 each, and they survived a season of heavy wear. Recently I got a pretty nice soft-shell winter jacket for $30, a wool coat for $60, and a nice pair of leather gloves for $7. They have an excellent Black Friday deal for regular shoppers, too.If you're a high-end shopper, you won't like it here. Too much plastic trash for it to be worth your time. But if you have a strict budget like I do, where else in the East End can you get two nice warm coats for under $100?
4	This place was there for us when we needed with FUN clothes for my 4yo and me. We had to leave behind our stuff in storage in CT; getting here in summer needed winter stuff. Picked up my daughter's fantastic coat and then one for me; under $45 for both. We now have our other coats but these remain our faves.Lots of other stylin stuff as well, buyer had a knack for clothing.
