5	With clean atmosphere great coffee and tea service fast and friendly people giving you and relaxing escape from the days stress. Come try the Espresso from Italy, it will really make you feel like your there.
5	I love this coffee shop!! It is a CLEAN and FRIENDLY atmosphere. I can sit in this coffee shop and work all day long. The owner is so friendly and she comes from behind the counter to make sure that everyone is ok. The sambosa and the herbal tea is the Best. The coffee shop is close to my house and is become very popular in our community. Trust me you will love this place!!
5	Okay, so I'm waiting for a plane and I Yelp for some coffee places around the airport and I come across A.T. Oasis Coffee and Tea Shop.It's in a center with a Garcia's Flower shop and some other businesses on the East side of 46th Street, and I must admit it was a little hard to find at first because there's no sign yet (it's a banner, and if my eyes had been open, I would have seen it)Let me tell you, this place does not look like much-- the parking lot is meh, the business center needs an update badly, and the parking lot could use some repaving BUT...and here is the BUTBUT you have to check this place out.  Once you walk inside, you are greeted and made to feel like they have known you forever. This was my first time here, I ordered the Caramel Vanilla Latte (which is dee-ish by the way, with perfect espresso shots in there and honey caramel-- whaaaat? so good), and I've already laughed with the owner and got high fives.The WiFi is free and fast, which is great.The drinks are normal, if not on the cheaper side (3.80 for an iced 16oz flavored latte)They offer food, pastires, etc.It's worth the drive, wherever you're coming fromAnd if you're in the area, you have to check it out.I will be returning and I live in West Valley-- it's that good.
5	Great iced tea choices on a hot day.   Hot chocolate and coffee when it's not the Phoenix summer!   Friendly owner, I  love to support privately owned places.  This is a keeper...as long as it's supported by the community!
5	Stumbled across this place because of the good yelp reviews, and I agree with everyone's 5-star ratings.  It's inexpensive compared to most coffee places, and at the same time has better quality.  I highly recommend the spiced black tea - normally I think tea is boring, but this was so delicious I got 2 cups.  Everything I tried was tasty - the biscotti was great with the tea, and iced mocha was great too.  I'll be back!
5	Awesome little joint with high quality beverages - I had an unsweetened iced tea recommended by [who I think is] the owner, and before heading out, I ordered an iced coffee.  Both drinks were brewed well and had great flavor.The place is also conducive to getting some work done; Wi-Fi is free and fast.
4	Warm friendly people and good coffee. The owners are from East Africa and they make an organic iced tea with their own special spice blend of cinnamon, cardamom and more.
5	Really loved it here! A friend and I are just visiting and found this place on here, so we walked on over. I had an iced caffe latte and a blueberry muffin- both delicious! The service was also great. The man offered the heat up my muffin and asked if the drink needed more milk or sugar. Will definitely come back on our next visit!
5	Awesome neighborhood coffee shop!  Just what I ve been looking for! The coffee is amazing, genuine Ethiopian. The chai tea is great and the fava bean dish is to die for! To top it all of the owner is very nice.
5	i only stopped in here briefly, but what a gem! the owner is friendly and makes you feel instantly welcome, offering addins and altenatives to your drink order and gauging your tastes to customize it. i ordered a small green tea and ended up with a medium green tea with mint, cinnamon, and a little sugar--something i never would have thought i'd order, let alone like! i definitely plan on coming back.
4	A friend and I wanted to meet up for a coffee or tea... I live in Tempe and she in Scottsdale, Went on Yelp to find a highly-rated place that might be equally distanced for us. So pleased to find A.T. Oasis Coffee & Tea Shop. Based on others reviews, realized I could easily pass-up the place on Thomas... so being aware... easily found it. Aisha, the owner, was very gracious. I ordered a chai latte that was delicious and delightful. Aisha was easy to talk with... gave me 2 small briscottis that I dunked in my latte and were delicious!!! While there, an older couple came in for lunch and wanted to order a chicken salad sandwich. Aisha patiently explained they could have on a chibatta (not familiar to the ones ordering) or on a croissant. Sure wanted to have that sandwich myself, but was not ready for lunch!!! Aisha said has been in business for 6 months and doing OK. She gets most business through word of mouth. I did suggest I would have enjoyed seeing a website for the place, and Aisha said she is working on this. Truly enjoyed time there... If I did not live far away, I would make this my go to place!!!
4	Went to this cute little coffee shop this afternoon. The owner was having some tea when we arrived, but promptly got up and helped us out. We ordered and he brewed a fresh pot of coffee for me. It was tasty coffee. The husband got a latte and said he liked it better than Lux... I wouldn't go that far, but it was good. If you are in the area, check it out!
5	Very good quality Ethiopian coffee and tea. Super friendly service from the owner, Ayisha. We stopped by this morning after a run to the airport, and we had a wonderful experience.
4	Small storefront coffee shop, but very comfortable.Stopped in during lunch to recharge and catch up on email, discovered a very pleasant place to take a break.One of the other reviews observes that the owner, Aisha, loves coffee and this is very true.  She is enthusiastic about sharing good coffee, fresh roasted and flavorful, with her customers.  And the coffee is, indeed, good.Aisha and her husband are from Ethiopia, and they serve Ethiopian coffee exclusively.  They import the beans green, and also supply to a local roaster.If you're in the neighborhood of 44th St. and Thomas, head over to A.T. for a well-deserved break.For the quality of the product and the owner's enthusiasm, four stars.
5	After reading a few reviews from others, we decided to give this place a try. I'm glad we did. Pleasant, cozy atmosphere and very nice owners. One of them even offered us traditional coffee freshly made, literally in front of us, roasting the beans and all. We also had the opportunity of trying their foul beans, made from scratch w/pita bread and hot chai teas...amazing!
5	Spiced iced green tea was great. Must try if you like iced chai. Iced latte was also delicious.  Very friendly environment.
5	Excellent coffee!  It could be as simple as that, but this place is cool.  I would consider myself a coffee connoisseur, as much as I dislike that term, and I cannot believe I had not been to this place sooner.  I am not a big fan of spiced coffee, but Aisha does both regular and spiced with a deft hand and a very good understanding of flavor profiles.  Also $14 for a pound of all natural, not processed washed beans...yes please!  If you are a coffee fan do yourself a favor and take a little time out of a day and experience the coffee ceremony.  It reminds me of being in Miami where all these Cuban guys share a large cup of very strong coffee in smaller cups while they socialize.  One last thing I have to comment on, as a person with a disability myself.  I witnessed Aisha and her husband help a man who was probably a regular at their shop into and out of the bathroom.  In our fast paced, high demand world today, I was taken a back at the kindness.  She is truly a bright light in anyone's day.
4	I'll definitely go back, next time for breakfast. My latte was delicious -- smooth and strong, but not bitter. The biscotti was tasty. And the owner took great care of me. Nice shop!
5	The best coffee I've had in a long time!  So smooth and flavorful. Doesn't need cream or sugar.  Hubby had coffee and I got a cappuccino. The owner, Aisha, asked how we liked it...how strong, how much milk, foam, etc., and it came out perfect. It was so good that my cappuccino didn't even need sugar. That almost never happens. They import the beans from Ethiopia and roast it themselves. I think that personal touch and quality control really shows in the coffee. We asked why they don't have dark roast and she explained that you'd lose that great coffee flavor if you roast it beyond medium.It was so good that we got some whole bean coffee to bring back home. Couldn't decide between the Sidamo and the Espresso (blend of three types of coffee) so we got both. They are starting up an online store so you can get it shipped to you at home.
4	Good quick service with a smile. Had a raspberry cake slice and a really good cup of coffee.
5	I just moved and didn't have any internet at my new apartment. A.T. Oasis was down the road and offered free WiFi (password: coffeeandtea), so I figured I'd give it a try. The iced tea was AMAZING, the WiFi was fast and the seating was comfortable. The tea alone would be enough to bring me back again and again (even after my internet is hooked up). But I'm not done sharing what makes this place great. Aisha, the owner of the shop, is a total sweetheart and makes sure that you get exactly what you want. After I'd been here awhile, she brought me a cup of water without even asking if I wanted to order something else (but I could have). I appreciate that in a coffee shop. Service when I want it, but no pressure to continue ordering after I'm satisfied. Aisha mentioned that her business doesn't advertise or engage in any direct marketing. The fact that she has been able to stay in business is a testament to the quality of her product and service. People fall in love and continue coming back. At least I will...
5	I purchased the Yelp $5 for $10 offer to try this place out with my boyfriend. Aisha was very sweet and suggested that we try the Ceremonial Coffee for our first time. After about 10 minutes, the fragrance of fresh beans and incense permeated the air. She walked up to our table with a silver tray set with handpainted clay jars filled with sugar, fragrant incense and the most amazing carafe of coffee I had ever experienced! Aisha made sure we were enjoying our ceremony. Her demeanor was very nice and genuine. The dining area is very quiet and the mood is cozy, if you have studying to do and need quiet, I'd stop here!Little gems like A.T. Oasis are going to keep me away from the busy, noise filled commercial institutions for good!  Affordable and personal, I can't wait to come back!
5	I was in the area for some business and felt the urge for a nice iced coffee from anywhere but Starbucks. I logged into Yelp and found a few places nearby but A.T. Oasis was the only one offering a deal (a pretty good one - $5 for $10). Reviews looked good and now I can see why.I believe it was Aisha I met today at the front counter who was extremely sweet and had great customer service. I ordered a delicious vanilla-caramel blended iced coffee and had her help me pick out some food. She recommended I try their Ful Medames which is fava beans topped with tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, feta cheese, olive oil, and two pieces of pita bread on the side. Although there is a "Pick-Up" counter inside, Aisha served me at my table along with some ice cold water which I see as a big plus. She could have easily set it down and called out the order but took the extra few seconds to bring it over to me. Overall, the customer service, coffee, and food was amazing. A lady sitting near me ordered the Chicken Caesar Salad which also looked great. I will definitely stop by again if I am in the area and recommend everyone to give this place a shot. Beats the popular coffee shop chains, hands down.**Note - To Virginia M. who commented earlier today... she must have been there around the same time because the gentleman in the blue shirt from her photo was also there when I was. Shows that Aisha's great customer service is consistent for everyone!  :)
5	Wow what great customer service you can ask how you like it they are ready to serve you!!!!
5	I go out of my way to drink coffee and chai at A.T. Oasis! Aisha is absolutely wonderful and genuinely caring person. The chai is one-of-a-kind and my go-to is also the mocha. Take a break from the usual coffee shop: you won't be sorry!
5	Great customer service! Ordered the chai tea which was YUM!Also got the chicken sandwich for lunch, looked plain but tasted good. I wish the chicken wasn't in slices because it was difficult to eat with the thick bread and thick tomato piece. Everything kept falling off. Overall, this place was quite cute and nice owner!
3	Coffee is good here, not amazing. Everyone here is super super nice. Definitely worth coming in to support a local shop!
5	Great service and the quality of the coffee was really good. They had an assortment of teas as well.
5	Who knew i'd like ginger coffee? This place has made me a fan of the flavor. The best part is they even let you taste all their coffee with the tiny tea cups, unlike other places that have you commit to buying. Just to find yourself not liking it in the end.They serve their food and drinks with actual care and consideration in mind. They serve their cakes warm, and the drinks chilling cold without the overkill ammount of ice. All in all,  it's the kind of coffee shop that in my honest opinion is the kind of shop we coffee lovers have been looking for. Thanks for the experience it was without a doubt, mellow, inviting, and memorable.
5	There is no place with better tasting tea and coffee, not to mention customer service than Aisha's A.T. Oasis Coffee Shop. Bar none. They import the highest quality Ethiopian beans directly from Africa and spice their drinks to perfection. Aisha is an amazing lady with a vision for her shop and is one of the most personable business owners you will ever meet.
4	I went here during a weekday, so I cannot speak for busy periods but the experience was a positive one. The employee working (possibly owner?) was friendly, prompt and I felt acknowledged as a customer. The small talk was genuine, not forced and the mocha latter I ordered didn't take long to make (as expected since it wasn't busy) and was good, but I have had better. If defiantly beats any chain restaurant. They say the coffee is organic so that is a definite plus.The real surprise was in the impulsive samosa (pastry)  I ordered. It was stuffed with some sort of lentil filing and left me satisfied. The flavor and texture were just tasty! I would have another if I were in the area :)
5	Good coffee.  They sell Ethiopian beans too.  Owner is very nice
5	Amazing coffee. Local owners. Really nice staff. We will be back. Good to have something other than "you know what". We will definitely be back!
