3	-Friendly service - owner?-Nice selection of Scrapbook supplies, not overwhelming.-Multiple craft classes offered.-Ceramics painting available too.-Convenient parking.-OK prices.
5	LOVE coming here!  This place is exactly what the name promises!  A nice calming retreat to sit, relax, have a cup of coffee (or tea, or hot chocolate) and choose from a myriad of projects to work on.  They have everything from pottery painting, to mosaic, to scrapbooking and more.  AND a very generous selection of classes to take as well.  The staff is so friendly and helpful and make you feel very welcome.  They always seem to have something different going on, so check in with them often to see what's new!  Oh, they have a website and are on Facebook, too.  Website is:  www.thecraftretreat.comYou can even sign up for classes right on line . . . can't get much easier than that!
4	I found this place by accident. Went to Dr's appt in the same strip mall and saw it so had to walk in. I did not know there were any indie Scrapbooking places left anymore. They have been open for about a year and a half. The things that struck me about this place were; the unique paper selection, (I loved the Rock a Bye Baby and weirdo Alice in Wonderland paper),  the fact they take Groupon, and the owner and employee are the best! I was made to feel very valued shopping here.And as we all know that doesn't happen at the (cough, cough) competition. I hate shopping for crafts nowadays because the customer service is so bad. I think I will drive out of my way to return here and maybe take a class or two.  Did I mention how nice the owner is? lol! She really is a gem. I had such a nice conversation with her and her store employee. They actually also gave me a really good idea on a project I have been mulling over in my mind and how to do it. They coincidentally had the same idea more or less and made a  very nice wall hanging. I liked their idea way better than how I was going to do it. Thanks guys!  And Yelpers check it out. It is a smaller store with a limited selection, no yarn, and they do have some pottery items too.
2	-Revisted this store.-Employee magically appeared from the back and just stood at the register. She said nothing at all, it very ackward and uncomfortable, so I left. -During my previous visits, the owner was working at the time and made you feel welcomed, even when she was busy or sitting there.-A decent selection of scrapbook stuff, not a huge amount.-A wall of stamping supplies, diverse selection.-Paint your own ceramics selection - looks fun!-I wanted to like this place, but it's just ok.
4	I'm always on the hunt for a good scrapbook store, and I've had this place bookmarked for quite some time.  I admit, I haven't been scrapping much, but with the holidays here, I figured it was time to get caught up on some of it, so I finally made it out here.The place is nice, and I really liked it.  The front half is scrapbooking product, and the back half of the store is a lab area. I should also mention that they do pottery stuff here too!  I checked out their pottery stuff, and they have a nice selection of product on the shelf to choose from.  They have a lab for pottery and a seperate lab for scrapbooking, so technically, they can do both things at once, which I like.  (this means that if their holding a pottery class, I can scrap in the other room. It also means that you don' t have to worry about getting your scrap stuff messed up because someones splashing paint everywhere.)The ladies here are really nice and helpful, and I struck up a conversation with both when I was here.  Really helpful and knowledgeable.  They have a great selection of paper, products, ribbon, and a bunch of other stuff to.  I also liked that they have a lab for $5..or, if you spend $5 in product, the lab fee is waived! I like that because some stores charge you $5 regardless if you buy stuff or not. Look, I'm going to spend money here anyways, and five dollars isn't going to kill me, but its nice to know that I'm actually getting work done and have a space to do it in.They hold late nighters here regularly, and the lady invited me to do one this Friday. I was going to sign up, but I did not because I don't think I have enough scrapping to do to validate doing a late nighter at this time.  (this is what happens when you get caught up on everything.)In closing, one of the better stores in town, and I really enjoying my time here.  I will say, that they didn't have a big dye cut machine like some of the other stores, or a big paper cutter either.  The only thing that I think they could improve on is putting garbage buckets on the table for scraps because when I was scrapping there, there wasn't a garbage pail on the table. Yes, I know, its not the end of the world, but thats the only thing.I will be back in the future, and its nice to find a great friendly store not far from me.  Thank you to the ladies at this store!!!
