4	A nice lunch place for the downtown crowd (of which I am one) ... the place is VERY clean (rare for downtown eateries) and the prices for toasted subs are cheap (but they nail you for each add on) ...
4	What a sandwich! Not a lot of frills, and the sides are underwhelming, but if you just want a really good toasted sandwich for lunch...Sticklers will hit the spot. And it's downright cheap!The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars, is because the service was a little course, and the place was REALLY busy without a lot of seating space. Plus, it's only open 'till 4 PM! And not at all on weekends! DOWNTOWN RESTARANTS THAT ARE ONLY OPEN FOR LUNCH ON WEEKDAYS DRIVE ME CRAZY!!!!!!!!Come to think of it, the fact that I was willing to give it 4 stars despite all that is a testament to how awesome their sandwiches are., because there aren't many other good things to say about it.
4	Chicken salad sandwich with provolone on a toasted french bun, mmmm!!!!!!  This is one of those typical downtown lunch time sandwich places, where you order and seat yourself or get take away.  Quality sandwiches that you really can't go wrong with, not much to rate on service since they don't serve you.  I will mention that they are quick on the sandwich side and create your own salad.  Next time I'll have to try their homemade banana walnut bread.
2	I saw the review of the day today and had to throw in my two cents. This is my least favorite lunch stop I've ever been to downtown. It's usually suggested by someone in the office who just wants a red sandwich meat sandwich and wants it fast. Then the rest of us have to suffer too. Very typical sandwiches like turkey, roast beef, etc, etc. I might like the place better if I ate alot of red meat. The people I go with swear that the "Traffic Jam" sandwich (a cluster fuck of different red sandwich meats) makes it worth the trip. The toppings are very pedestrian and limited. They will charge you to put something "fancy" like black olives on it.I would also challenge the "clean" assertion made by another reviewer. Although they have a ton of employees to run a pretty tight ship in terms of making sandwiches quick and cleaning up, we have had several incidents of finding questionable or disgusting items in the food we've ordered so as to make many  people in my office never want to go back.I give them one star for making a decent sandwich that I could've made just as easily at home and for cheaper. The second star is for their milkshakes which are made with real ice cream in front of you and are pretty good. Go to Sacks, duck and decanter, downtown deli, or one of dozens other downtown sandwich places first before here.
4	This place is a well-oiled machine, a conveyor belt of sandwiches and salads.  I've only had the "Traffic Jam" sandwich (it has four types of deli meat, though I'm not sure how that qualifies as a "cluster f@#k" as one reviewer called it; plus, what's wrong with a "red sandwich meat sandwich"?  I don't get it, but whatever).  Anyway, the sandwich was good and cheap, about 5 bucks.  There's also salads, which are pretty decent -- I've had the large w/ turkey meat a few times; it comes with as many toppings as you want, and there's a pretty good selection of toppings.  The only drawback is that a large salad w/ deli meat is 8 bucks, so it's kind of expensive.  All in all, the place is a good lunch option for anyone who works downtown.
5	This is as good as it gets when it comes to hot and cold sandwhiches. Chips, a toasted sandwhich, and your set to run out the door. If you're ever downtown, check this out. Only m-f though.
5	Could be the best sandwiches in Phoenix, big menu, build your sandwich how you like it, then watch it get toasted. Great place
4	Went to Sticklers for the first time today, with a friend who works across the street.  I'm a little leary of places that get talked up so much, but Sticklers was everything she talked about and more.  A family friend once told me that the way to tell a good restaurant is how busy it is.  Seems like common sense now, but how many times have you walked into a restaurant with less than 10 people in the whole place and then walked away disappointed?Well Sticklers was packed.  My first impression was "Crap, the line is 20 people deep and we only have 40 minutes for lunch...there's no way"!  Well I was pleasantly surprised when we got through the entire line, food in hand, in about 5!  The guys and gals that work there are efficient and have it down.  And they showed some great patience for a newbie.The chicken salad and provolone sandwich was outstanding and the hot peppers gave it a great kick.  Word of warning to the lactose intolerant - it's a 2-piller!  The atmosphere was active and lively but not overly loud.  We were still able to have a conversation without shouting.  I just wished the people at the next table realized that.  We didn't need to hear about their daughter "wrongly" accused of DUI...for the third time!
5	Sticklers - I've been searching for you...and I'm so happy I found you! Since starting a job downtown nearly a year ago I've been looking high and low for a place where I can make my own salad and not get charged an arm and a leg for liking lots of veggies.  And, now, here you are!  I see a long and beautiful lunchtime life together.  With over 30 fresh toppings and mix-ins UNLIMITED for $6.50 you are definitely the healthiest and best value in (down)town.  I may not go right at 12:30 when the crowds take up all of your indoor seating, but I have no doubt that I'll be back very soon.
4	I recently lucked out just looking for place to kill some nearly-free meter time (it was a slow week!) and stumbled into this place.  I'd seen it before, sometime when it was not open.  Frankly, with the kind of incredibly defined and specialized niche that this place appeals to, i'm surprised they don't close up between breakfast and lunch!  Anyway I strolled in the door just before 10:30 when they stop serving breakfast items, according the the signs, and ordered a parfait.  Just a snack.  There were just a few people there, and I still had a significant, if not particularly long, wait to order my pre-made parfait and pay for it and a bottle of cranberry juice.  Anyway everything looked pretty decent and clean and the people were nice enough, so I'd come back, even though I dislike waiting in lines.  I'm looking forward to trying out the Happy Valley location, though - it's a short distance from where I work.
3	It's a sandwich I could've made at home but I am not home and I need to eat lunch.
4	Located in the heart of downtown right off of Washington Sticklers serves as a hub for the business and working class alike.  They have bar seating wear you can people watch out the windows or sit down tables inside and out.  How sticklers works.  First you go order a sandwich to the right as you walk in.  Then you grab a side, then your sandwich comes out of a toaster oven while the sandwich maker ask you what you want on it.  The sign above list in order of toppings.   The first time you go it can be quite awkward but the more times you go you realize how efficient this is.  It keeps the crowd moving.  If you want to hit this place for lunch I suggest going between 11 and 1130.  Forget it at noon its mostly working downtown folks and the line and seating can get way out of control.  The food is pretty good. I enjoy the Roast Beef Sandwich with provolone the best.  With a side of Jalapeno chips.  Makes for a good meal.  They also have a pretty nice salad set up where you can pick through the glass what you want on the salad.  One thing most people don't really know about is sticklers has the best milk shakes in the downtown area.  Period.  These are hand spun real ice cream little wonders of joy.  The Chocolate Malt will melt your heart its so good.  You can also just get regular ice cream if you want also.  Overall this is a nice sandwich shop with added bonuses.  It has become a regular place for me to go to as I work downtown.
4	Another one of my lunch time favorites.  I usually go here for the large salad bar when I want a quick, inexpensive, healthy lunch.  At just under $7 for unlimited toppings, it's a great deal!  The ingredients are always fresh and the staff is friendly.  The best part about getting a salad is skipping the line of people waiting for their sandwich and going directly to the register!Sometimes I go to Sticklers, fully intending to get a salad, but as soon as I walk in the door, the smell of the fresh bread gets me and instantly I have changed my mind.  Many of my coworkers love the Traffic Jam, however I am partial to the Tuna sandwich.  I am not usually a fan of tuna in other restaurants, I really don't like when my lunch protein is served with a scooper and makes a "plop" sound when it lands on the bread.  Let me clarify, Sticklers does not have a Tuna Salad Sandwich, this is a Tuna Sandwich.  The tuna is just tuna, and you can add whatever mayo/mustard you want after the sandwich is toasted.When my sandwich comes out of the toaster and I get to pick my toppings, I like everything (lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, mustard, etc) except the mayo and the oil.  If you like spicy, you have to get the hot peppers!!  In addition to the delicious french bread (they have wheat too) the hot peppers make the sandwich!!  I have even started asking for a side or two of hot peppers for my salad; I love them!!Every once in a while, I'll go here for an afternoon sweet treat.  The malts and shakes are amazing!  They have breakfast too, however, I have yet to make it there in the AM.Either way, Sticklers is one of my favorites for the downtown lunch scene, and where I take all of my friends that are visiting for jury duty!
2	I went because several people I know raved about the place, because I'm a lapsed vegetarian and I'm always trying to get back on track and heard the veggie sandwiches were incredible, and because I'm a malt freak and found out they have malteds there.I was disappointed. And my friend I was with who had been one of Stickler's die-hard fans said that, although it was okay this time, the place seems to have gone down hill.Stickler's wasn't busy at all, maybe 4 tables of customers and 3 people in line, but although there were alot of workers behind the counter, the service was very slow. We had to wait a long time for our veggie sandwiches. Now my friend has been there when it was jam-packed and she said the service then was much quicker. We went about 2 so maybe the staff was worn out from the lunch rush earlier.The bread was good, crunchy on the outside and soft inside but the vegetarian sandwich itself was boring. It's supposed to have Swiss, Provolone and American cheese on it. I couldn't even taste the Swiss or Provolone at all, the American over powered the sandwich and was more like a cheez-whiz type.I'm always on the look out for a good malt, one that really tastes like a malt and not a shake. My chocolate malt tasted more like a shake and I wasn't impressed with the ice cream. My buddy liked her vanilla malt though.The one thing I did like about Stickler's is that they have the small bags of Miss Vickie's chips to buy. It used to be you could buy big bags in the grocery stores but now the chips,which are the best kettle chips I've ever had, are just carried in certain deli and sandwich shops.
4	This is a good place if you need a quick bite downtown.  Fast service as well.  I recommend the Traffic Jam or Italian sandwiches.
4	If you're in downtown Phoenix during breakfast and lunch hours, and you're looking for quick, good and cheap meal, then Sticklers is the place to go. I'm normally a pack a lunch person, but I forgot to restock on groceries and needed something to keep me going until I leave work at 12:30. I went with a Bagel Egg Sandwich. It's exactly what it sounds like, eggs, ham or bacon, and cheese on a bagel. Although I was disappointed to see the guy making my food using a microwave for the scrambled eggs, it's still pretty good, plus it's big and filling for just $4.25. Overall, the food is very cheap at Sticklers. The most expensive thing on the menu is large salad for $6.50. The place is really big for a quick service breakfast and lunch spot. There's a lot of room inside, and plenty of seating on a back patio and in front of the restaurant. Although the place does tend to fill up during peak lunch hours. The only thing I don't like about Sticklers is that it opens at 6:00am and only serves breakfast until 10:30. Other than the eggs, nothing on the breakfast menu requires any form of cooking. It's mostly bagels, muffins, and yogurt. They might as well just keep a bigger stock of those foods and keep serving them all the way up until they close at 4:00pm.
2	I just don't understand how this isn't a rip off of Potbellys (of course it could be that Potbellys ripped off them). Traffic Jam = A Wreck. Same thing. Even the hot peppers same thing.Also, the bread disappointed me. It was dry, cracky, and cut the inside of my mouth (don't you hate when bread does that and leaves the top of your mouth raw?).
4	I was performing my civic duty next door and didn't felt like walking too far so Sticklers it was for lunch. I wasn't too enthusiastic because I was expecting Sacks-like sandwiches. I ordered a BLT, chips and soda. When I took my first bite I was like whoa! This is not Sacks! The bread was wonderful! Crispy outside, chewy and warm inside. The filling was plenty and very tasty. I'll definitely return to Sticklers when I'm downtown and need a quick bite.
4	The parking situation here sucks; if you can't find anything on the street (you won't) you'll have to park in the garage across the street.  Good luck with that if you don't own a Vespa or a Smart car.  The interior is always crowded and you'll be lucky to find a table during the lunch rush.That said, I don't care because the Traffic Jam sandwich is to DIE for.  Meat overload w/ delicious hot peppers - so, so good!   Yeah, the crusty bread may "Cap'n Crunch" the top of your mouth a little bit but it's totally worth it. They had another location in North Phoenix closer to my house and sadly, it seems to have closed.  I may or may not have shed an actual tear.
4	I had Jury duty on Friday.....and I was in search of some coffee and a snack. This establishment is right next to the Municipal Court building downtown. While I didn't end up getting anything....the place is very nice with plenty of outdoor seating in the shade. I left court at about noon time and it was packed.....so I assumed the food was great and the service is definitely fast. Midwesterners might compare this place to "Potbelly's" which is a popular sandwich...soup...and dessert spot. So if your ever downtown near the municipal court house and you need a quick meal....this looks like a good choice. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friend!!!!
1	Worst latte that I have ever had. No foam, all milk. Gross.
5	Traffic Jam!!! GET IN MY FACE!!! Sooooooooooooooooo GOOD!! I'm a big SAMMICH FAN!! This IS the place.
4	This place is good for lunch.  They are pretty efficient and you can get in and out quickly.  You can either get a toasted sandwich or a salad.  The salad line is really quick and you basically get to cut in front of the sandwich people.  If you work downtown or if you are on jury duty, Stickler's is a quick option for lunch.
5	Very good Italian sandwich in the New Jersey/East Coast fashion. Italian meats, shredded lettuce, onion and tomato and that awesome Italian blend dressing (oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, dried herbs, etc) The dressing was perfect and classic combination of tart, sweet and salty. Oh and Provolone cheese. Again. Very traditional.  Let the dressing meld into the sandwich a bit before eating. Very good, very crusty bread that won't get soggy with the dressing. The line was crazy long when we got there. But it moves real fast. People literally eat and run so seating is available. Lots of cops and lawyers.
5	1. "Traffic Jam" is best sandwich I've ever had (And i hate sandwiches).2. Great bread to meat to vegi ratio.3. Decent price
5	Super yummy! Great location! Very filling!Went here to grab a sammie before a meeting at City Hall. I got the Italian with provolone on wheat bread. Well, I ordered it on wheat but got French bread. BUT they gave me a cookie to say sorry for the mix-up... HOW NICE IS THAT!? I didn't care what bread I got, my waistline may care but who listens to their waistline these days, I just wanted to sandwich. And it was great!A tad spicey for me but I also choose the Italian seasoning too so I was asking for it. The cookies were so moist and soft, fell apart in my hand like delicious sand-heaven. The interior of this joint is so city-scape and metro. Super high ceiling, old bar like ordering station, booths that face out onto the street... everything was great!Had a bit of trouble understanding the guy making my lunch but if he was kind enough to give me a cookie for messing up my bread, he can talk as fast as he wants because I'll be back for sure. I went around 1:30pm and it was bumping so I'm assuming it's packed at peak lunch hour time, well worth the wait though.
4	Good food and customer service. Love the sandwiches and coffee. The owners are usually around and take good care of the place. The lines can be long at lunch time so if you are in a hurry then call ahead with your order.
4	Stickler's is a great place to grab a quick lunch.   The prices are good, and the quality is solid.  They have a good selection of sandwiches, toppings, and an excellent build your own salad option.  It is definately a cut a cut above it's competition.  I haven't tried the ice cream and shakes, but I hope to soon.  My only major complaint is that the hours are fairly limited.  Sticklers closes early during the weak and is closed on weekends, which is pretty normal for downtown restaurants.  You should definitely stop in if you want a fast and quality lunch in downtown Phoenix.
5	Sticklers is about to celebrate 10 years at it's location in the historic J.M. Walker building in downtown Phoenix.  It seems a little incongruous that this fine piece of - "neo-classical greek architecture", should host a "mere" sub shop, in this building that was once slated to be the 6 story local HQ for J.C. Penny. The quality, convenience, cleanliness and comfortable atmosphere of Stickers, coupled with it's continued popularity, success, and legions of loyal customers I think however does the old building proud. They stopped at 2 stories but intended tenant JCP moved in anyway for some years, before it became the APS building, and then occupied by various other tenants over the years.  Now as to the food!  I confess  am not that huge a fan of subs in general except as economical filler, but I'd have to say that Stickler's has the best I've ever tasted, and that's not damning with faint praise; It's excellent!  I've come here only sporadically over the last decade of the nearly dozen years I've worked nearby, but only recently, based on reviews below, was I prompted to try the "Traffic Jam", for which I thank all responsible and I concur with the overwhelming majority: it's delicious!  Roast turkey, hard salami, honey baked ham and roast beef with swiss.  Add a little lettuce & tomato, oil & vinegar, a squirt of mayo, Italian seasoning, and maybe just a very few jalapenos due to the delicate gringo stomach to the  soft whole wheat roll, and you've got a filling piece of heaven on wheat.  Add a side and a drink and it starts getting a bit expensive for my lunch budget, but as for me, I'm satiated for the rest of the day. Like some of those below, I don't care for those roof-of-the-mouth raking breads either, but though I don't think they make it in house, you couldn't have anything much fresher or softer than the whole wheat sandwich roll (white Kaiser roll - you're on your own!).   Sticklers is I think a tad more expensive than Subway on comparable items, and I'm just fine with Subway, but there's no doubt that Stickler's is superior in taste.  I met co-owner Murray this past week and asked him what made the difference - what makes their sandwiches that much distinctively better.  Without hesitation he answered "the meat".  And though not an exact quote, he also said "That $2.99 a pound stuff that you buy from the grocery deli counter? We don't buy that.  Our's is more in the $5.99 area, and we slice it thin and layer it.   And I've got a great staff down here too, and I have to give thanks to them."  I liked that.  And the tuna, and the Traffic Jam, and the roast beef, and every other sandwich I've tried there over the years.Service is fast and efficient.  You order at a walk-up counter on the east side where you can order your soup and sub, or choose a have a fresh salad assembled for you from the myriad offerings on the other side of the glass.  Staff does the assembling and at easily $8, it's not a cheap little side salad, but everything looks vibrantly fresh and the whole of downtown is not poking and sneezing in it.  Subs are made right out in the open so you can supervise if you want. but after ordering you walk around to the front counter, wait for your sub to come off the toasting rack and then specify what you want on it, order any drinks and sides, and pay. Cash, credit and debit cars are accepted. Would not say "good for groups", since no reservations accepted and no separate dining rooms or divisible areas availableIn moderate weather Sticklers offers simple but comfortable plastic chair seating out front under the shade of the building's second story overhang that overlooks the busy streets at 3rd Ave & Washington.  There's also moderately shaded seating all along  the west side of the building with a view to the front of the adjacent Phoenix Municipal Court building that towers, looms, etc., over Sticker's modest 2-stories. Bins abound to dump your own debris, but staff roams continually at the lunch hour(s) to take care of that left behind. Restrooms are toward the back on the east side and at least the men's room is surprisingly large and includes 3 stalls including handicapped, one urinal, a baby changing station and small counter with sink and mirror.  The facility was well stocked with TP, paper towels, and hand soap even right after the big lunch hour, and there was no mess other than a few paper towels on the floor beneath the dispenser, and a bit of water on the counter around the sink.    The 1-star review that spoke of rude wait staff, unwelcome gratuities, and a bad shrimp & lobster sandwich has been corrected by the author as a mistaken posting (wrong place), which I think leaves but one, 1-star remaining, which gives the establishment 1 star due to a single bad latte.  A little harsh, don't you think!  But note to the management: Forget lattes. Do what you do well, which you do very well.
4	i recently posted a negative comment about Sticklers...i was WRONG! I had the wrong restaurant. I apologize profusely.I have eaten here and I love their food and service. I highly recommend it.
4	Perfectly good place to grab a quick sandwich downtown. Quick service even during the lunch rush.
4	Sticklers is a great spot to grab a good sandwich! The Traffic Jam is my favorite. Get everything on it!!!
4	Quick service, good sandwiches, and best salad bar.  The salad bar is behind the counter and the staff are great. The owner is a bit annoying hitting on all the girls like he thinks he's cool, but he's okay.
5	I seriously love this sandwich shop. The pretzels are great too. Speedy service and a  great menu. I highly recommend it.
3	Pretty good sandwiches and a nice patio except for all the smokers. It is not uncommon to see non customers pull up a chair and pollute the patio with smoke. Management is aware but does nothing.
2	The worst sandwich I have ever had in my life. And I thought it was pretty difficult to make a bad sandwich. I ordered a turkey with everything on it and it tasted like the brick food you carry in your emergency kits. The bread was stale, the tomatoes/jalepenos/turkey had zero flavor and contributed nothing. I even tried to douse the sandwich in salt and pepper and it made it even worse. I was starving, it was 16 hours passed the last time I had eaten and I didn't finish half.I don't know why this place is packed, But the only reason they get 2 stars is for their line service....they got people in and out relatively quickly.....maybe I caught them on a terrible day, but I went out of my way to text people about how much I disliked my food. I wish I would of just save a few dollars and gone to subway.NEVER. AGAIN!
5	My wife and I recently visited the area and had the chance to sample the food. We both ordered sandwiches that were outstanding. My wife had the tuna and I had the Traffic Jam. No problem finding a table since we were there after the noon rush. both the inside and outside patio are welcoming. This will definitely be a stop for us next time we are in town.
4	My first time here was because of the chicken noodle soup, I heard it was a good slurp, and it's true, of all the places I've been downtown for chicken noodle soup, sticklers is hands down the best followed by the hearty chicken noodle soup of downtown deli. Anywho, I was here recently and saw their soup of the day was Cream of Mushroom, and when it comes to that kind of soup I'm a stickler (pun intended) of it because it's my favorite. Caught my reference, eh?! Well, ordered their Cream of Mushroom, and I don't know my mind was thinking of the goodness and creaminess of Campbell's Cream of Mushroom, so, perhaps I was putting it to a high standard before tasting it, I should have had sample before I committed to it too. Along with my soup I got myself a Vegetarian Sandwich on wheat. Service was quick and prompt, not sure when the lunch rush is but I usually lunch after 1, so, I guess the time I go is when the lunch crowd becomes sparse. Back to the soup. It was steaming, and I dipped my spoon, spooned out some mushroom goodness and was taken aback that it wasn't creamy but quite watery, hmmm, I believe in taking chances, and had a taste. Yea all my high expectations came crashing down, and disappointment creeped up. I'm gonna be honest I got the Vegetarian Sandwich as an afterthought to the soup, you know, a filler. The soup was just wrong, it was watery, it lacked flavor, and i started to miss and yearn for Campbell's cream of mushroom. My sandwich was on point and Sticklers hasn't failed me with their sandwiches, and I started wishing I had the chicken noodle but I didn't want to waste the mushroom, so, I ate the mushrooms in the soup, and threw the rest away. A waste. Overall, I know never to get their mushroom soup, and to stick to the tried and tasty chicken noodle soup. I still need to try their other sandwich concoctions but I'm still a fan nonetheless.
5	I love Sticklers. They make it a practice to know their regular customers names and orders. All employees from management to new hires are extremely friendly. It's not uncommon to want to ask them how their weekend was or which team they are rooting for on Sunday. They are also very community oriented.
