4	I really like this place. It is absolutely over-the-top with cheezy signage encouraging day drinkers and tequila, to a point that you know they don't take themselves too seriously. Beer is cheap and drinks aren't too bad. If it's cold outside (about 6 weeks per year for you out-of-towners) this isn't a good spot. It is very airy and open, which is why I like it in the sweltering summer. Most of its competitors pack you in to dark, cramped spaces and no amount of AC seems to cool things down. As with anywhere around Scottsdale, you'll still run into big crowds and belligerent frat boys, but I suppose it just seems more in place here. It's like our own little slice of Rocky Point, just without the bacon wrapped hot dogs.
3	This place is good for happy hour or day drinking during the week.  I can't say that I would go on the weekend because it just isn't my crowd. It tends to cater to the young and hip crowd who think that a drink called "The Donkey Punch" is hilarious in its irony.The food is ok, the drink specials are pretty good and the fact that it is mostly outdoors is awesome 8 months out of the year.  It is a fun place to go for a work happy hour.
1	If I have to give it a star it is only because of their busty waitresses. This is a miserable place, serving miserable food, with miserably loud music blaring at all hours of the day.If you can imagine, it's a restaurant in Scottsdale trying to reproduce the worst aspects of places like Cancun. Got it?
4	I'm not a bar person, and I'm not a Scottsdale person - but I freaking love this place.  This has been a designated hang out spot many times.  Many times.  And it always hits the spot.  Just enough Cool, a heaping helping of laid back, a splash of irony and garnished with some decent tasting and decently priced Mexican food.  Yea, the food is garnish.  I mean really, would you come here to eat?  That said, I can speak highly for the tacos and the nachos because those are often our things to get.  I love the Mexican beach theme because since becoming a designated adult I get down there much less that I'd like to go - so I have to take what I can get.  Folks are normally pretty cool there too.  Every once in awhile you get some folks who walked in a bit too sauced already or feel like they should be a higher level of customer or something - but it doesn't happen too often.  That and the fact that it still gets pretty freaking hot there during the summer - even with misters - keeps it from 5 star glory.  But on a great weather kind of day - there's nothing better.
4	You will get kicked out if you and 20 of your friends end up in a dogpile. Even if its outside :) Kinda hot outside in the summer, but is a favorite in the spring and fall. Good young, single crowd most of the time. If you like this you might like the Sandbar too..
5	Dos is my favorite Scottsdale bar because of the relaxed atmosphere. Thankfully you don't get as much of the fake crowd here, you know the one whose crazy photos end up on DirtyScottsdale.com the next day. There's two floors and the bar offers a nice selection of brews. SoCo Lime is the big shot here and you'll usually see people sipping Corona's with lime. You may even see the occasional body shot. While this is certainly a great destination for a night out, it's also a great place to do some day drinking when the weather isn't so hot.
5	Everybody likes Dos.  I've found its the first place anyone from out of town is taken because its the prefect entry level Scottsdale bar.  While you'll find some really good looking people really dressed up, for the most part, this is one of Old Town's more laid back nighttime hangouts.  Imported friends arent scared off by pretentious club-goers, instead they are welcomed with obnoxious open arms and peanut shells on the floor.  Drinks are cheap (Coronas are always just $2, mixed drinks are $6 and up) and the food is tolerable when you're a bit buzzed up.  Bar Mexican food is always a nice finale to 12 or so margaritas, thats what I always say.Dos is known as a "great place to day drink" and it is that too.  Grab a stool on the patio and youre sure to make friends with someone, the gringos here are all pretty friendly.  The "dance floor" (search your way through the crowd to the upstairs back balcony to find it...its small) is always packed at night, and the music aims to please.  Day or night, local or foreign, everyone seems to have a good time at Dos Gringos.
4	Definitely one of my favorite dive bars in Scottsdale.  Cheap drinks, good eats and a nice relaxed atmosphere.  Nicely located for a watering hole while walking around old town...
5	OkThe food here, its freakin' good.  Really good.Like, no joke.  And from seeing this place, you wouldn't think it.  But their food, really is impressive.  And cheap.Try their mini chimichangas... or their supergooeycheeseychimi (which is basically a beef chimichanga topped with tons of cheese and cream cheese and more cheese)Their drinks are good and average  Good place for happy hour, or drinking during the day.
3	A good bar for friends to hang out but stay away on the weekend nights as its full of pathetic losers and college kids, way too many old men acting far too young for their age and old women (cougars) trying to seduce younger guys with their husbands/ex-husbands money.
3	I wish this place wasn't in Scottsdale (i.e. I wish this place wasn't full of cougars and 19 year old girls dressed in couture at a sticky cancuny bar in AZ). So yes, this place definitely wants to be a low-key version of Senor Frogs here in the Valley. And ya know what, I'm ok with that. I'm all about a good margarita and authentic mex food...but let's face it, not everyone is good and not everyone is authentic. But if you have an outdoor bar and a tiki feel...at least you can make a lot of people happy.So I was here on this bar crawl thing which made me a little bit ashamed...I just was too sober to disregard the fact that my group was full of those people in that bar. But despite the crowd and the LAME dj...the ambience and set-up here is superb. Now if we could just get something akin to that in Central Phoenix...with a day drink, laid-back scene that doesn't scream I wish I was still 23 and ooo by the way did you see my new Prada?
2	In light of the recent news and video of a Dos Gringos bouncer punching a patron in the face, I thought I should ring in on this establishment....This bar treats its customers like they are college kids. I suppose they are somewhat justified in this since it is typically a younger crowd. I've had mixed experiences coming here... in the past, I've had acceptable and decent service here, but the last several times I've been there the service has gotten progressively worse. On the last occasion, they took forever to take my drink order and then poured me the wrong drink... then when I went to politely return the full glass of whatever and get what I ordered, they refused to re-make it. I left it on the bar and they threw it away (keeping my money of course) and gave me a dirty look. I also had aggressive bar backs shove me out of the way. That experience alone was enough for me to never go back, but it wasn't an isolated incident. It wasn't always that way though... The staff in general here all seem to be complete assholes, but I can almost recall a time when they were decent to me - back in the 1990s. It's a pity because this bar is in a great building and has a fun layout. It's breezy and open and conducive to having a good time drinking after work with your buddies. My old roommate used to hit this place often with his corporate pals and he loved the atmosphere. They do make their drinks pretty strong, so maybe he was too trashed to care about the bad service. In their defense, their patrons are often rowdy, young, and unruly - so that's probably why it has evolved into this. I've found the Tempe location to be more laid back though, so it's still pretty excessive if you ask me. I have to give this place an extra star because it's still a good place for young folks to go grab a beer and chill. I think this punch in the face incident may get them to reevaluate their staff and maybe give them all sensitivity training or something. It can only get better from here.
4	If sitting in the sun enjoying a couple of beers and good relaxing fun with your friends is your thing, then look no further.  Maybe it's me getting older, but I enjoy this place much better during the day than at night.  The daytime crowd is my kind of people:  drinking, talking, and enjoying the day.  Plus if you've got a dog, feel free to bring them in.  They allow them out on the patio.Beer is beer, and they've got plenty of it.  My friend swears by the margaritas here, saying they are cheaper than other places but stronger than most.  The food here is quite good.  You'd think for how cheap the tacos are you'd get nothing, but they are very tasty and come with a good amount of meat on them.  I get them gringo style and they can't be beat.  Other food favorites:  rocky point nachos, the baja shrimp sandwich, and for those hangover days, the aptly named hangover breakfast burrito.Service is hit and miss here.  Weekend nights it's full of the college kids and those that think they are still in college, hence why I stay away once the sun goes down.  Although seeing all the bras lining the ceiling inside, the mind wanders as to how they all might have gotten there...
3	Typically a crowded mess of striped button downs and buckle shoes, but hey, everyone likes what they like, which is fortunate for me, because *I* especially like that Dos can corral most of the people I generally abhor into one perfect, double-decker horny beehive.  I simply do not understand how this faction of people exist to be ridiculous, 30-something wankers, itching for piece of college ass where survival-of-the-fittest theory would generally chew these hopefuls up and spit them out into Yuma for being downright useless to the perpetuation of modern society.  Whatever.  You wanna see some mouthbreathers?  Wanna be baptized clumsily in Corona by a swallow of leather-sandaled, pleated Beta Kappa class of '94?  Here's your shot.  I can't get over how annoying most of these people are.  They must be a pleasure to know and buy drinks for and invite over for your Super Bowl party.This place would be pretty awesome if not for the "half-your-age-plus-seven" 's.  After all, it IS a good place to day drink.
4	Fun place to come drink and socialize in the evening. I am from out of town and had a blast here. Cheap aclohol and a lot of people. Another positive: they serve late night mexican food munchies.
3	All around pretty fun place to be. Its a good hybrid between a dance club and outside bar. I went their my first night in the valley. I remember looking and seeing more breast implants than I'd seen in my entire life up to that point.
1	Used to be a great place to get an after hours burrito.After seeing the video of the chest-pounding, knuckle dragging bouncer pummeling some patron, we've x-ed Dos off our list.We'd rather eat at the crappy Philly cheesesteak place or even pay Mickey's ridiculous--"wanna-be night club"--cover for late night eats . . .
4	I like it..... It reminds me of Sharkeez back in Cali.I even like it better when it's a 10 dollar cover, then .50 cent drinks.I like it the bestest though because of the great looking girls that seem to frolic here past 11pm.I'm sure you'll like too.
4	This place is a good escape in the Scottsdale scene. It feels like Rocky Point spring break but super upgraded! There is no better place to sip a Corona then at Dos Gringos without a passport, at least.
1	$4 Corona on a Sunday night?  This did not even feel like the same bar as the 8th St location by ASU campus.  Nothing but d-bags and ladies playing dress-up.  One beer and out.
3	Overall this place was fun.  I was in on vacation and like most out of towners I assume, my friends brought me here.  It was a good choice because it's one of those atmosphere's where you're pretty much sure to have a good time.  I did notice the d-bags in their man blouses and all the fake/plastic chicks, but not enough to care.  When I move to Phoenix, I'm sure we'll be back, but I won't be frequenting this place every weekend.
4	I read the reviews with interest, and all of the focus is on people, crowds, etc. I want to weigh in on a different topic: Lunch. I went with a buddy for a lunch on a Friday, with meetings scheduled in the afternoon, thus Diet Cokes instead of beers or better. I ordered the Baja Shrimp Sandwich, $5.99 on lunch special, he ordered a grilled fish taco and beans and rice on the side. His was about $6.50 My sandwich came out in a reasonable time frame, contained huge amounts of shrimp, and tasted great. His had a bunch of chunks of grilled fish, and he was raving about the quality of the beans surpassing Tia Rosa's, one of our work favorites. There weren't that many people there, SportsCenter was on the TV, and the waitress was a nice peice of eye candy.What's not to like?
4	Dos is what I like to call a "sure thing"I say this because I know that I will always enjoy the food and always have a good time. I love the feel of Dos, the way everything is kind of everywhere and the outdoor atmosphere. While most people go for the cheap drinks and to be scene (intended spelling) I actually like Dos for the food and good service.  I love that they use black beans instead of the typical refried like most other mexican food joints. Don't get me wrong though, it's still a bar, and it's a fun place to start off a Friday night or grab lunch drinks.
1	Okay so update! I'm never giving any of my money to dos ever again after a less than desirable encounter with the bouncers. Gotta do the only thing I can, let my money do the talking. I will enjoy a corona in a more friendly atmosphere. Maybe loco patron?
4	Bouncers beating the crap out of helpless drunks - checkBouncers taking away my friends ID that was not fake - checkOverzealous, arrogant, and brutal. I got no problem with it. I'm a type A personality so I'm all for knocking someone down a peg if they step out of line. My ID is real, I control myself when I drink, and I'm not a hellraiser, so I've NEVER had a problem at Dos. The food is tasty and pretty cheap, they have every beer you'd ever want, and an awesome rooftop bar. One of my favorite bars in the area still, but I wish it were closer to the city. I hate not being able to let loose here on a count of drinking and driving.
4	"A good old Bar"Old Town is the location of the original Dos Gringos.  Known for a at home feeling Dos provides great bartenders and a friendly staff.  I go to Dos often especially to feel comfortable with a hooded sweatshirt in Scottsdale, its that kind of place.  The music is great is diverse from hip hop to rock and roll.  Drinks:Dos is known for Coronas, they promote awesome specials for Thursday, and when it rains Dos offers cheap drinks. Food,I enjoy the prices of the late night menu, they cook until 2AM, nice.My favorite is the hard shell tacos, a former employee suggested them, I think their great for a small snack at the bar.
5	Used to come here when I lived in AZ.  Always had a good time, and the service was great.  I've only ate the gringo rolls, and the tacos.  They're both great after a couple drinks.  I will definitely come back to this place if i'm ever back in the valley.
4	Went with a group of about 10 and had a great time.  Service was pretty good, restrooms were clean and well stocked (yes, this is always something I consider while reviewing), and the heaters were working perfectly.  One funny thing was that my friend ordered a round of shots for the group and the chick taking his order says "What is that?  What's in it?" and he states "Just tell the Bartender, they'll know".  In a rude tone with a rude face she says, "I am the Bartender."  Go look it up then sweetie.All in all, a fun night with friends at one of the cooler Scottsdale bars I've been to.
5	Love this place been her twice now from San Diego can bring my dog during the day. Food is great even though I am from the home of Carne Asada!! It is miserable during the summer but that is just cuase I am not used to the heat.  Service has always been wonderful. Loved the fried chimichanga.  Will be going here when I visit my brother again!!! Loved the Gringos!
5	I LOVE this bar!  This is a wonderful place to go with a mixed group of people that want to have fun and meet lots of crazy people.  I've met some crazy people here and I always have fun!  Drinks are well priced and never weak.  I've taken lots of out of town friends here and everyone has loved it!This is a must stop in Scottsdale!
3	3 Stars for a dirt bar that knows it's a dirt bar.  There is no Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde here, only a cheap Hyde that loves to peak at the waitresses' whaletails and a decent Happy Hour special on Mexican beer.  That's all.  I guess my one gripe would be that every guy is a tough guy at this place. Really.  I used to have it as my Happy Hour destination, and it was pretty good for that, but once the darkness sets in, the real Scottsdale lunatics emerge!  (Oh, and it's obvious that the owners rake in a ton of money and are the greediest bastards under the sun for not changing simple things like the water misters that spew water constantly.  Ladies, don't wear anything nice to this place because the seats are stained from the misters and tough guy sweat.)
2	they lied.the tacos were not half price, even though that is what it said on the wall AND on the menu. nope. we were charged full price and 6 little tacos, although tasty, are not worth $15. when i asked the bartender what the deal was, he said they got rid of that deal. i pointed to the wall, and he says, "yeah, i know." and that was it. plus, a fight broke out behind us and it wasn't even 8pm (we were there for happy hour). entertaining if they would have let it go on, but the guys were so drunk they could barely swing. (heavy on the sarcasm).we used to go here a bunch a few years ago, but now it's just bad cougars and people that like to fight. awesome for some, but not for me.
4	Great atmosphere! This time of year is the best for outdoor eating. The staff is friendly,  and the food is great. try the gringo burro, it is manly and tasty. wash it down with a house margarita, and you are set. house dj rulez!
3	Dammit - I have been here a dozen times and it's been so "mixed"... The best of times, and the worst of times... though the last two times (for late night drinking with friends) have been pretty fun... Drinks are cheap and the crowd is "lively".So, for now, I will suggest Dos Gringos to the college drunkard and/or professional drinker after 9pm. Bring some friends!
1	Dos Gringos is a bar about 8 years past its prime (as evident from the awards hanging on the wall that don't go past the year 2000).  It used to be my favorite bar to chill at on weekend nights and meet up with friends, but in the past few years the crowd has changed (for the worse), the cool & casual vibe went away, and the doormen became pushy and rude.
2	This is a good place to go on a Thursday, not so great on a Tuesday.  We were one of 2 groups on the patio.  Our waitress came by once and we didn't need anything, so that must have meant we didn't need anything for the next 45 minutes.  She came back to check on the other group and seemed to make a point not to make eye contact with us as she disappeared.  The next time she paid attention to us was when we chased her down to close our tabs.
4	I like the layout and atmosphere at this Dos Gringos. The had good prices on drinks and I thought their street tacos were really good. The crowd seems pretty chill and if it's too hot outside you can go inside like a wuss. I liked the Dos trailer park that used to be in Tempe as well but this one is better.
2	The bathroom was funny. The urinals were labeled with beer names. The wall said something about beer recycling. So I was under the impression that when you use the urinal, that is what you are allegedly drinking if you order draft beer. I think that is what was meant by the signs. One urinal said "Heineken" and one said "Corona". I thought that was an alright joke. So I guess don't buy drafts there. Because it is urine. There were three urinals lined up with no partition, one urinal was off to the side with a wooden wall. It had a sign that said "Shy Guy". That cracked me up. There was 25 cent beers of schwag Miller High Life, well worth it. Good time because of the dude I was with, otherwise, this place is lame as all hell.
1	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food6 *Drinks*3 Service7 Atmosphere7 ValueThe other Doses I've been to have been fine (though still nothing special) and I assume this was just an off night for these guys, but I have to rate them according to my direct experience.  Maybe I'll get to give them another try so I can change it, but we'll see.
3	Dos Gringos is rarely a planned destination.  Usually, it's an accident.  Sometimes I have a lot of fun and sometimes I have a drink and leave.  I went there again this past weekend and again it was an unplanned stop.  My friend wanted to go next door to BS West and after some guy spilled a drink down my entire back, I decided to go over to Dos where at least I wasn't wasting my outfit on men who would rather critique it than rip it off (note: that sentence sounds way sluttier than I am, so don't get all excited).  It's almost my birthday, so the bartender made me some sort of shot in a plunger.  Classy all the way.  Also, there were a bunch of Slutty Santas to help give the place a festive feel. Now, I am going to give you ladies a tip about Dos Gringos.  Don't expect to meet any quality men here.  For example, I met this hot Croatian guy on my last visit.  We had a lot of fun until I discovered his friend was actually his girlfriend.  Don't you just love it when guys refer to their girlfriends as just friends, but then the girlfriend reveals that they're dating and you stand there looking like an idiot and try to find a polite way to exit.  Well, I sure do.  What's up with that?  Talk about uncomfortable.  I am starting to become convinced that only guys who are looking to cheat on their girlfriends go to this bar... that or I only attract men with girlfriends.  Either way, please stop hitting on me taken and/or married men.  Thanks.
1	Dos has fallen far from It's old Tempe trailer park!!! I used to always hang at the Dos in Tempe on University dr just a step away from the ASU campus and Mill Ave. It was always I nice laided back place with a great Atmosphere. Now they want to be a big chain and there is no longer $2 corona's all day everyday like it used to be, Now Dos is some crappy bar/club. I was doing a search on youtube and came accross a video that was taken at this place, you can find it yourself by typing (dos gingos bouncer) In this video there was a drunk guy small harmless guy yelling obsivley not going to do anything and then this dushbag bouncer Punched this extreamly drunk guy knocked him out cold, then the bouncer jumps around beatting his chest  yelling woo woo, what a joke! The guy should not be called a bouncer because it's not there job to harm customers even if they are dumb drunk. The video is pretty funny though. But it just shows that Dos Gringos is not the laid back place it used to be.
3	A great place to have a few drinks during the week (they have awesome specials on drink and food).   The bartenders and staff are very friendly and extremely accomadating.  The place has a nice laid back ambiance.  Come as you are...sandals, tshirts, hoody..whatever.   They have a jukebox and serve grub till 2am.  This is my local favorite.  I would give it 5 stars, but sometimes there is a slight douche factor in the clientele is to be expected per the location smack dab in the center of old town.  Check this place out for a quick drink or just to hang out and relax in the sun.Update: 3/2013This place has gone downhill steadily over the past year or 2 since new management.  The majority of all the cool bartenders have quit or moved on..as a result alot of the regulars (like myself) dont come here nearly as much as they used to.  While it is still a cool place during the day for a cocktail, its no longer my first choice for a hangout at night.  Maybe its just that im sick of spring training?  The upper bar is my choice if i do happen to come by for a pre-show cocktail. Its usually a little easier to get a drink upstairs and the atmosphere is a tiny bit more relaxed.  Overall, its still a pretty decent place for a drink and some good folks still work here, but id much rather go to Pattys, coachhouse, pranksters, or grapevine.
4	I always have a great time at Dos.  Friendly little outdoor/indoor dive with generous and tasty adult beverages, Fun staff and yummy Mexican menu. The decor is a work in progress - straddling the fine line between ghetto and some guy's tree house.   It's dog friendly on the patio which only adds to the "What is this place" atmosphere.  OK, it's a little quirky. But I like quirky.   But when I need a bit of South of the Border and can't afford the time nor the $$, a trip to Dos can be a great afternoon away. After a couple of shots, the eyes glaze over, the sun is warm, the music is good , the tacos are tasty and I'm happy.  They say it's a good place to day drink.  I say if you can't relax here, you'd best check with your physician.  What more do you want?
1	Normally I would rate Dos a 3 or better but last night I had a really bad experience.  For starters as me and my friend walk in the door guy says "Are you sure you both are 21?"  UM yeah I am almost 30 and my buddy just turned 30.  So after showing our ID's we go in and grab some beers.  The selection is ok mostly mexican beers which are fine but you better be ready to go pee about 50 times while drinking them.  On one of my trips to the bathroom I get stopped by the same door guy who says "I was told you need to be escorted out. "  I am totally confused as I am not even buzzed and didn't do anything wrong.  So he says "Someone says you were swerving as you were walking".  WHAT??????  I am not driving for one and for two I am able to walk perfectly fine.  I walk a line for him and say see obviously not drunk.  He tells me "Ya you seem ok so go ahead and stay"  Like it's a privilege or something.  So I go and get my buddy and we headed next door to Whitehouse which was a great decision.
2	Casual and laid back  bar with a great patio area. Service is usually pretty good as is the food. Only complaint is their margaritas taste like turpintine. And they recently replaced my Malibu Rum with... yes, that fake Parrot Bay sh*t. They just lost a star!!
4	We come from Los Angeles to watch spring training and stay close by and always come here for the drink specials and the great atmosphere. The staff is very friendly and  accomidating with the customers. If you are in town for some baseball gamesand in the are a good stop to enjoy LA HORA  FELIZ  / HAPPY HOUR.
3	We came here after an Angels spring training game. The yellow banner hanging in right field at tempe stadium that read "Dos gringos: A good place for day drinking" was convincing enough. Good happy hour, good margarita, decent food, ok atmosphere, alright service.. Probably not a place I would visit again.
4	Happy hour on a Friday was very busy. Good margaritas, chips and salsa and steak tacos. Family friendly during the day for a quick bite. I would go back for lunch, dinner and to hang out.
4	"A Good Place To Day Drink" as their motto goes, and never look back.A popular destination for locals and visitors for spring training games, you'll always find the place crowded. The place is mostly outdoors so not the best place in a rain storm. The giant game of Jenga, made with 2 by 4 pieces of wood is very entertaining with drunk people playing. The food is pretty good. The nachos always hit the spot especially after you've been drinking. It's not the classiest place in Scottsdale, but its a good place to go and have fun with your friends.Dos Gringos is always part of the Scottsdale Block Party during New Years, so when that time of the year comes around, it is an affordable and fun choice.
2	Hard to tell which was colder: my beer or my burrito. The service was non-existent. And had to beg for chips and salsa. Skip this one.
3	Dos Gringos is what it is and what you make of it. It's a frequent stop on our Old Town Scottsdale Bar crawls because it has a huge outdoor patio and can easily accomodate all of us. I love taking pictures of all the crazy signs on the walls, ceilings, and doors. There's usually a DJ spinning tunes on weekends nights and people dance in the back by the bathrooms.I recommend taking your out-of-town guests here so they, too can experience Old Town at it's finest. The crowd is usually in their early to mid- twenties, at least until me and my friends invade the place. Like I said- "It is what it is".UPDATE: I just learned that Dos's patio is leashed dog friendly until dark.
4	I've always liked Dos Gringos and it was on our "pub crawl" a few weeks ago for a friend's birthday I just returned.  Funny fact:  You can bring a baby into most any bar in Scottsdale, but Dos Gringos will put up a stink (it was 3:30 on a Saturday afternoon - not even a night-time-party-time - and they said the baby wasn't allowed.  One of the girls we were with hunted down the manager and told him this was America and it was the baby's god given right to be in a bar (yeah, it was hard to keep a straight face).  Long story short, the baby was allowed in.  Once we were in, other kids were already in there too.  If you're going to let any kids in, I would think babies would be your safest bet.  All they care about is breast milk and naps.  They're not going to be sneaking drinks.  Anyway, I love Dos Gringos' Mexican Moonshine, I love that you can sit outside and relax and I've never actually had anything bad here, so four stars it is.
4	Went here for a few drinks and dinner with coworkers... on a Monday. It was empty, and the service was pre-occupied with some game, but I didn't mind since I took my sweet ass time ordering. Beers were hella cheap, and the food was palatable. I'd go back if I were looking for a place to drink first, eat second.
2	On a early Saturday evening, the band was playing the crowd was just starting to meander in.  Going further inside in an attempt to avoid the high volume of the band whose audio was piped in throughout the restaurant (I failed) I realized shortly that I must of been missed siting in the middle of the dinning are as the wait staff moved smartly from the kitchen to the front delivering the drinks and food to the patrons. I ask a member of the staff was I sitting in the wrong area and soon service was rendered.  Food, nothing special but it is more of a bar than a restaurant.  Although the atmosphere was unique, I do have a question why cameras were in the mens room.
3	This is basically a happy hour bar, and quite a good one. Cheerful; service & reasonable prices, with an open air atmosphere. Mexican style food - we had nachos & a fish taco & both were just fine. Pacifico bottles were $2 each. Not bad.
4	I usually come here whenever I visit Arizona and I love it every time.  There is always a lot of people and good times.  I like how it is open air and Mexico themed, brings me back:) The bartenders are always nice and on top of shit.  There is no cover either, which is always a plus.  Also, their carne asada tacos are BOMB!
3	Wow I don't know what to think of this place. I was a bit under the influence of previous jack daniels, when I found myself here. It reminded me of some place that belonged in Lake Havasu. Were there a lot of different rooms and bars? It was a very festive environment.
3	First of all, I have to give Dos at least three stars just because it's Dos. I mean did going to Dos make me feel old, yes, were there some interesting people there and not in a good way, yes, did I spend more money than I wanted to, yes, but all in all you always have a great time. Nothin' but laughs. The giant jenga didn't suck either. Dos Gringos is a staple among the youngins, as I like to call 'em. In college, one will totally fit in, however, now'a days it's a place meant solely for people watching. And boy do you get an eye full. Drink's are cheap, tacos are good, and the bathrooms aren't as scary as you would think. Go! Have fun, get drunk.... but don't expect anything classy.
3	Do you miss college?!?!! DO YOU REMEMBER COLLEGE? Well then.. go here.. because... it's like college but worse. Because suddenly you're older and you're looking at a bunch of kids and a bunch of old people.. and it's awkward and creepy and the guy selling cigarettes ignored me?! WTF? Very odd mix of people. But entertaining to laugh at people.
4	good place to drink after work or before midnight on weekends before it gets  crowded.  3 stars for the place but I'll give it a 4 because their steak nachos is awesome
4	Great happy hour! The margaritas are tasty and the monter tacos are great!
3	I love Dos...I don't see how you can't. When its nice out this is where you will find me after a great morning by the pool..The steak tacos are great and the atmosphere is super chill! Enjoy :)
3	This is the ultimate frat bar!! The only place where 50lb guys can get away with wearing a cut off asu shirt..other than that..not too shabby
3	Super quesadillas ,nachos and ambiance
3	I go to Spring Training every year and one night is always a Dos Gringos night. Always a good time. It's always packed and has a good vibe usually. Sure it's a fairly generic cantina-style establishment but as long as the drinks are served quickly so I can stay hammered it's all good in my book.
4	I luv celebrating taco tuesday at Dos. They have street tacos and gringo tacos for 2 bucks all day... so yum o! My fav are the steak tacos with cabbage, lime, cilantro, and some pico... goes well with corona or dos equis. Happy Taco Tuesday!
3	Don't go to Dos for authentic Mexican food or stellar service, you'll be disappointed.  Go to Dos for a fun atmosphere, good Happy hour and cheap "bar" food... then you'll be pleased!  Dos usually hits the spot after a hot day at the baseball game or for a first stop before a night out on the town.  It has all the essentials, food, ATM, toilets and a huge selection of booze!
4	The best thing about this bar is the drink specials.  After that, the atmosphere and decorations are pleasing while service was average.  The food tasted good but we didn't really try an entire meal.
3	Dos is a great bar to visit after a spring training game or a day of drinking. It has plenty of outdoor areas to hang out, giant jenga, air hockey, drink specials and in the heart of Old Town. It's just a generic dive bar and one that's worth the visit if you've been drinking, it's a random hour of the day and you want to continue drinking. The food's mediocre bar food and decent food to dine on while taking in a few drinks. And with at least four different bars, you'll rarely have to wait in line for a drink. So next time you find yourself drinking when the sun's still out...remember Dos as an option.
4	I was here this past saturday for a rugby tournament after social.   Surprisingly, I had a lot of fun!  I am not sure if it was due to the good company I had around me... or the many drinks. The atmosphere was probably the best part.  There is a 'Mexican' theme  and they have some entertaining signs all over :)  I loved that they had 3 different bars.  I kept going to the one inside because it had the best service!   Most of the bar is outside.  I love having fresh air and not being cramped inside a stinky bar.  I was really only drinking beer all night and I think it was like $3 or $4 domestics.  To me that is reasonable for a bar.   I noticed some good drink special signs for nights other than Friday and Saturday.  I would def come back here again!
3	Dos Gringos- Yo tengo Uno mano, dos cervezas, tres chicas y nunca tengo inabicciones. thats what its like here on a good night. on a bad night take out tres chicas and please insert tres numeros de telefonos de una servicia de sluts. Its actually a great place with the best deals around and a spot to watch the game and according to the sign, its also an offical border crossing.
4	this spot has great service, it's happy hour all the time here...check it out!!
5	This Dos Gringos is definitely by far my favorite one of the several they have in the valley. Although it is in Scottsdale and I'm surrounded by Sdale douchebagery, I have always had a great time here. I don't care if I'm packed in here like a can of sardines, the sights make up for it if you know what I mean, he he. Whether it's day drinking or out at night. The food is actually really good, reasonably priced and great portions. There will be many more drunken adventures at this establishment for sure!!
4	This place has been doing it right for a very long time. Back in the day, there were only 3 bar stools inside, and a waiter in town could trade thier "This is not a check" paycheck for a cold beer. The tacos are killer and that hot sauce is freakin' nuts. Love it.
5	One of my favorite places for the culture and the food. Try the chimichangas! They are the best most disgusting things I have ever had. The street and gringo fish tacos are awesome too! And Sunday's make your own Bloody mary Bar! This place is always fun, the bartenders are always great. I could never complain or refuse a trip there!
4	This place was unique for me because everyone seemed like they were inside smoking but it was an indoor outdoorish place.  There were heated lights and it was the only place that I found pretty crowded where if you walked the streets there weren't a lot of people.  The food was good, I had the steak fajita, which you can't go wrong because its just steak.  But I also had a fish taco which was pretty good.  My boyfriend had the pick three meal, so he picked tacos, chimichanga, and enchilada.  His choice was good and the chimichanga was delish.  The bathrooms were very rustic looking but it seemed to look that way, decent for a funky place like that.They had live music Friday night, where a guy was doing bad covers on a few good songs.The waitstaff was overall nice and they checked back at us here and there.Overall I'd go back if I was in around Scottsdale again!
5	Best carne asada street tacos, 2 bucks each? U kidding me, great atmosphere, music, service, good time
5	Cool patio, we sat out back where there were nice big booths with benches to sit on, lots of decorations everywhere and funny signs to read. Food was good all around the table- chips & salsa, street tacos, breakfast burrito, mini chimis, & chicken flautas. Not one complaint from anybody we were with. We were in there on a Friday night and they had a nice flow of music from a deejay and a girl walking around with whipped jell-o shots, fun environment for sure! Was a good crowd without being overly crowded too.
1	I try not to dwell on bad dining experiences, but it's been years, maybe even decades since I left a goose egg tip.  The service stank.  I hadn't felt that invisible in years!  We sat and sat.  Then the wait guy came up and asked if we needed anything else.  This was because we sat down at one of the several tables that had not been bussed and had bottles and gunk still remaining from the last party.  When we made it more clear that wasn't our junk, he kind of smirked and acted like we were lucky he was going to do anything.  I asked for a round of margaritas and waters. He took my credit card away and I was not to see it again until we got the final tab.  I felt even more like a valued customer from this point on. We finally got the margaritas, but no waters. I asked again for waters; nope....   When we ordered, I asked for chips and salsa. In California, where I live, the Mexican restaurants just bring you chips and salsa, usually for free.  Ours came with the meal, so did the waters, finally.  This took, oh about 30 minutes.  Sorry, too late for chips and salsa.  I sent the chips back.  Anyway, the food was, at best, OK (Dos GRINGOES, right?  Maybe Gringoes shouldn't make Mexican food?).  After we ORDERED our food, the wait guy NEVER came back.  Our food was served by a separate team of servers.  They were fine and seemed to be trying to do a good job, the highlight of the meal.  The big problem was the waiter and waitress.  After giving up on the waiter, I tried to get the waitress's attention to get another drink.  This proved difficult also.  I asked for a margarita with salt; got one without.  I think it was one of the ones that was ordered by another table, because she came out with four drinks and dropped three off at another table before giving me mine.  The whole experience just sucked.  I felt like the wait staff didn't want to be there and were taking it out on the customers.  A customer at the table next to ours had to tell the waitress to pick up the tab folio because she never even looked our way again after dropping if off.  Never again.  I hated that place.
3	This bar definitely feels like it should be on the beach in Mexico, and if it was it would be awesome! I thought it was just okay, not the best crowd, and a little run down. Probably won't be going back because there are so many other good places in the area.
5	It does not get any better than this place, I wish they had a location in the NW Valley but it probably wouldn't be as cool.  I love the casual atmosphere (has a rocky point feel to it) and you usually get good service.  When they are really busy I just get my drinks from the center bar and it is always fast.  It is also not too loud here when you are having a conversation like many other places.  Prices aren't bad either, just my favorite all around bar that seems always to be busy just because it is too cool.  Oh and the food is good too.
4	Ok so the atmosphere was good the service was good but the pollo fundido is probably the reason i will go back..That thing for 11 bucks...ya sign me up for 2.
4	Ah, Dos.The old standby. For the last 9 years, it has always been our backup plan when we wanted to escape the newest pretentious old town Scottsdale club. "I'm bored. And my drink was $10." "What do you want to do?""I dunno. What do you want to do?""Let's go to Dos.""Okay!"Instantly a mood changer. Cheap drinks, rowdy people, good mix of music. Service is inconsistent. One night it can be great, the next night you can have a total a-hole bartender. Some of my guy friends have had issues with the bouncers. Food isn't the greatest but it tastes pretty good when it is 1:30 am and you know your only other choice is a long line at a fast food place. Gringo rolls are my favorite. Great place for the young and the single. My girlfriends and I would have quite the time here before we all became married old ladies.
5	I have been here once, and had about 9 whiskey/cokes... for 14 bucks!!!! Great service and bouncers are nice too. Cant wait to go back
4	I've been to Dos several times and always walk away thinking it was just ok.  I wanted a low key night.  Whereas I can't say low key-ness was had the entire evening, Dos was exactly what I had in mind.  The friendly bouncers informed us of the 50 cent night special every Thursday.  Pay $5 at the door, get 50 cent corona and wells until midnight.  SOLD!  Coming from NOLA where the drinks are insanely strong, I get a bit sad when I see the one shot pour perfectly calculated in my Scottsdale drinks.  Not the case at Dos.  I don't know why, but the awesome bartender upstairs was pouring heavy, and I liked it.  Speaking of, there IS an upstairs filled with a large patio, bar seating, pool table, air hockey and nooks to fit all your friends!  The upstairs and the heavy pouring bartender definitely turned my "just ok" feeling about Dos to "let's go to Dos!"The food is average Mexican bar food but will definitely save you from the morning after blues.  The weekends can get a little intense and there is usually a band playing.  As of my latest visit they had stereo music playing accompanied by a live drummer. The outdoor/indoor options can transform the day/night to your liking.  I'll definitely be going back!
3	pretty fun bar. decent bar, decent music, decent games.
2	Dos Gringos reminds me of a gross, Cancun-themed college bar that should be located in Lubbock, Texas. Someplace where the patrons have never been to and may not have heard of Cancun or the Yucatan Peninsula. But this place is in Scottsdale?Atmosphere: Yellow and green everything. Everything. Also, I love a mister, especially in the summertime. Yet, this place needs to cool it on the misters. Everything is wet. The only feeling that arises is a negative feeling-- akin to the negative connotations that arise in some people when you say the words "moist" or "used."Service: Okay? I guess? Different employees brought us our menus, drinks, and food, plus different people to take the orders of drinks and food. I'm not really sure who I tipped. There was a mistake on our bill, so we flagged down a waitress. She took off the mistake, with a smile, and told us that one of the servers was new-- so mistakes sometimes happen. (Plus one star for customer service)Drinks: Watered down margaritas. I'm glad we were there at happy hour ($3 for a house marg). I don't think I could pay full price for a house margarita. Other drinks on the bar menu looked good, but I will not be back to try them.Food: We ordered queso, a breakfast burrito, and a bean burrito. The queso was high school concession stand nacho cheese in a cast iron mini-skillet. Nasty. My designated restaurant buddy got the breakfast burrito, which he thought was great for $5. I wish I could say the same for my burrito. Bean and cheese sounds pretty plain, but you must understand that I did not want to risk my digestive track in a place that looked like the worst of Cancun. To spice things up, I added guac to my burrito. Something the menu stated would be a $0.99 upgrade-- fine by me. When the order came out, the guac side was huge. Score! I gobbled that delicious guacamole up. Yum. When the bill came, I found out the guac was $2.99. Oh. One of the waiters explained that $2.99 was the price for a side of guac. Oh. Thanks, Dos Gringos. TL;DR Dos Gringos' spring break died ten years ago, but no one told Dos. Yuck.
5	This is one of my favorite place to go. Its low key and fun and always full of interesting people. Could the bathrooms be cleaner- yes. Could the "dance floor" be bigger-sure. Do I want to venture elsewhere for a dance party- No way.
4	this is always a fun place to come in and have a brew. i've only been once during the late night rush, and i have to say i'm not that into the power drinkers and college drunks, but the afternoons and early evenings are always nice. their outdoor patio seating is fun and actually quite charming. their little fish tacos are suprisingly good. just the right size to soak up some of that belly beer. the staff have always been friendly and quick with service. a great summer (or in scottsdale, fall, winter, spring) hangout.
5	As we were sitting at Dos Gringos last night I turned to my friend and said "this is what's so great about living here." Really, everything about this bar says 'Arizona summer'. Fun, casual decor, huge outdoor patio, misters on high gear, people hanging out with their bathing suit under their clothes from just coming from the pool-or in our case going to a pool....Some people will tout this as a college bar, well it is kind of. However Dos makes no promises to be something it's not. As soon as you walk up to it you know what you're in for. So if it's not your cup of tea, mosey on. As for me this seems like a fun place to spend a lazy afternoon.
3	Dos Gringos is a great place to go for a chill happy hour. Although the food and service is just average, they do have good drink specials. Corona's are $2.50 every day and they have other daily specials that are pretty sweet. Dos has a great outdoor patio which is great if you have a large group of people that want to sit next to eachother.
3	Great place to get cheap drinks....which is oh so rare in Scottsddale.  It's a relaxed atmosphere, they have oversized games there to play... such as an enormous version of jenga and connect four.  It's mostly a (huge) patio bar.  highly recommend for those jeans and a tee,  'lets just grab a drink or two' nights.
4	This is my brother's favorite place to go when he visits Phoenix.  So on the latest trip, we had to go again (my first time).  The misting was a little weird to me, but hey it's hot in Phoenix...even in September.  Our waitress was really great.  They have good drink prices, especially when they have specials going on.  Their cooling system leaks a bit, so water kept dripping on me.  But we just moved down to the other end of the bench.  Great place for big groups.Now on to the food.I ordered the taco salad with carne asada.  It was really good.  How exciting that it even came with guac on it.  Yum.  I couldn't even finish the whole thing...my brother had to polish it off for me.My brother ordered the Supercheeseygooeychimichanga, the same thing he gets each time.  He let me taste it.  I was not impressed.  Glad I chose the taco salad.
5	I love Dos Gringos! Its my favorite place to grab a beer and do body shots at (kidding....kinda)! Super casual, super fun, and super chill. Woo is amazing behind the bar and security does their job well. The deep fried taco is delicious, but what isn't delicious when deep fried? I've only really experienced Dos at night, but the few times I've enjoyed an adult beverage during the day has been fantastic as well. They have a DJ on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday nights spinning dance tunes for the small, but lively "dance floor" area. There is an upstairs, but most of the fun is downstairs so I rarely venture up there.  I'm happy the weather is cooling down cause I really enjoy sitting on the patio without my balls sweating off. Also, they have a giant Jenga available all day and night long while the bean toss is available during the evening but put away when the night approaches. Good times at Dos, woot woot!
4	Love Dos Gringos for happy hour. Great drink specials and happy hour entres are just a few bucks. Get the chips with the sloppy 7 layer dip!! So good.
4	Hot bartender! Good food! Great atmosphere!
2	I don't get it... I feel like I missed the memo.Food is aweful- I don't care how drunk you get, you'll still know it stinks!Rainy day margarita is my one good memory that I can take away from this place- good times.Interesting blend of people- old, young, and everywhere in between. Yet, still not the first place I'm willing to go to.
1	This weekend is a celebration for my 30th birthday. Went to Dos Gringos because I remember having a great time at the Tempe location last time I was in town. It was awful. No service for the first 10 mins we were there. After that, was served 2 bottled beers and (delicious) tacos. Waitress never came back. Waited 20 mins, flagged our waitress down, who was clearly preoccupied with chatting with coworkers, closed our tab. Never to return and will never recommend.
1	Honestly I don't get it.  I went to Dos Gringos with a good friend of mine last weekend.  I had never been to Phoenix before so I was excited to see what the city had to offer.  After entering Dos Gringos we sat at our table for 21 minutes before a waitress came to our table.  She brought us 2 beers and never came back. After 40 minutes we decided to check out a new bar since we obviously weren't welcomed at Dos Gringos.  So we went up to the bar where I waited for 5 minutes so the bartender could take some pictures and shots with her friends.  What I didn't understand was there were maybe only 20 people there and at least 6 people working.  If I was the owner or manager I would be embarrassed to say that you run that establishment.  I will never return and I highly recommend you stay away from Dos Gringos as you will be disappointed.
1	If you are over 24 you are too old to be here.  First, this place has beer.  Don't order mixed drinks, don't order wine, both are gross unless your sole purpose is to get trashed, which is the mission of every underage and young, young 20-something at this bar.This is the place you'd go to with your fake ID because when you're 19 this is what you think a bar should be.Expect people over drinking and throwing up very early on in the evening in the bathroom.
4	This is the place you come to when you are already drunk and looking to just have some weird wild fun. I came here with my friends after we had been partying for a bit and we were looking to continue our fun. The drinks were strong, the music was blasting, and the people were weird (a man in a care bear unicorn outfit?). I don't think I would eat here but I would come back to drink, dance, and be merry.
4	They pour great drinks and tons of bar options . Street tacos like being in Mexico. Definately aa kepper if you're not looking for fancy but want a good time. Definately recommended.
3	I went here on a bit of an off night during the week. It wasn't too busy but I could definitely tell this is one of those wild places to go on the weekends.... you know what I am talking about. Big, lots of rooms, smells of booze soaked into the wood floors...yeah that.Luckily since it was during the week they had some really cheap Coronas. I also had the steak fajitas. They were surprisingly very good.. I was expecting a bit on the meh side considering this is more of a party place. They also had a desert that was nearly mind blowing. They wrap cookie dough in a chocolate tortilla and then deep fry it..and then its server with vanilla ice cream and chocolate syrup. If you are on a diet this is the PERFECT thing to screw it up with, and its damn good haha.The service was pretty solid, it was just the bartender running the tables. Since I was near the bar it was easy to flag him down if I wanted something. Hopefully I will be back on a weekend sometime to see how crazy this place really gets!
4	Great food and a fun place to hang before a spring training game!
4	I like coming here. The drinks are relatively cheap and the bartenders/servers are friendly. They allow you to open and close tabs on a whim and you can order from any bar or server in the place.This is an awesome place and I recommend it.
4	You kind of have to know what you're getting yourself into when you go to Dos.  Chances are there will be drunken college kids, some people way too old to be there, and then some people like me and my friends, who are somewhere in-between. I was there on Saturday for a day drinking birthday pub crawl.  For some reason, I always forget they have food here, and not just refreshing adult beverages.  I ordered the mini chimis, which were definitely NOT mini.  That's ok, I like 'em big anyway ;).  They were surprisingly good.  My margarita was what I expected, not mind blowing in anyway, but straight forward and salty, (just on the rim).  There were also girls handing out free shots of tequila, and sweatbands.  Like most bars anymore, they have the obligatory giant jenga.  As my friends were playing, excitement broke out in the bar as some guy who used to be on "The Bachelor" showed up.  I couldn't tell you who he was; reality shows are not really my thing.  My friends were impressed, and went over to infiltrate his gathering.  Eventually we convinced them the crawl must go on, Bachelor or not.  I'm always surprised that I still like Dos, and it doesn't hurt that the same hot bouncer always seems to be working the door every time I go.  As I exited out the front, he told me that he liked my hat.  Had I been a little quicker on the draw, I would've told him that I liked his muscles; such are the perils of day drinking in the heat....but I digress.
2	Came here for a sponsored event that included open bar and some free food.There were only two servers at the one food station which caused the food line to be incredibly long.  The food options were also pretty limited (not sure if it was due to the sponsorship).  At one point of the night, the top bar had run out of Dos Equis, without a sign they were going to replenish.  The atmosphere and amenities are geared towards a younger crowd - unfinished wood tables and chairs.Though the service a bit off, everyone was very nice.
3	This place was recommended by one of my friend's friend.  The moment I entered this place, I noticed this was unique for me because everything is all outdoor.  As a person from the San Francisco Bay Area, we don't have places like this because of the weather.  There were heated lights, but I believe that's unnecessary especially with the warm Arizona nights approaching.   Maybe for the Winter season. The food was very good.  We started with chips and salsa and their nachos.  The salsa was full of flavor and they taste a lot better than Salty Senorita.  My wife and I ordered the the six pack Dos XX fish tacos and they were very good, which you can't go wrong because its just beer battered fish.  They definitely taste a lot better than Rubios that's for sure.    They have live music Friday night and a huge Jenga block for anyone who wants to play.  The waitstaff was friendly and they checked back at us here and there.  This place is definitely leaning towards a younger crowd, but it's a fun place to be.  Dos Gringos is a nice place for lunch and is great if you have a large group for dinner and drinks.  However, I do not recommend this place if you have young children because some of the signage that is posted on the wall and below the bar counters.  Some of the signage is inappropriate for young kids to read. The prices are moderate, which is usually just right for Tex-Mex.  Furthermore, the drinks are inexpensive and you can play Jenga.  If you're in Scottsdale, then I recommend this place especially you have a group of friends with you.   You can't go wrong.
3	This place was pretty empty for a Friday night.  Rooftop with DJ.  Thank you for playing The Thong Song, this made our night.Service is meh.
5	Night before my wedding....tons of folks in town who didnt't want to sit in their hotel rooms and play Yahtzee. I didn't want a stuffy pretentious Scottsdale club and I knew folks wanted to dance. My cousin took me here on a bar hopping night eons ago and I figured this place would be the best spot to go out and not take ourselves too seriously. So my fiance, maid of honor, his best man and a mix of cousins and friends all piled in cabs and headed over.The place is like Spring Break on acid. Outdoors, several bars, lots of string lights, etc. And yes we were a bit older than their average crowd (early 20 somethings) but we were able to sit at a huge table, talk over our drinks AND dance. How often can you do that at most clubs? Did I mention no dress code? I can wear my flats and actually dance my ass off with no risk of blisters. And of course I'm the only one not hungover this morning. :)
4	It is a little divey and grimy but I say that in the highest regards. Tons of patio space and decked out in bright colors. Had some cervesas and cuba libres (rum and coke but add a lime and it is called a cuba libre). We ordered the chimichangas and my two friends swear that it was sprinkled with crack and that it was the best they have ever tasted. I cannot vouch as I was intoxicated and as long as it had cheese on it, I was shoveling it into my mouth without regard to taste. We will be back when we are in the neighborhood and are in the mood for a late night menu while drinking.
4	So, this one time, I went to a really nice, classy, Mexican food restaurant... but not this time.  That being said, I love going to Dos Gringos, but you have to be prepared- it's very much like the college bars in Mexico.  Yet, I really like it there.  It could be my casa away from my casa.The patio is huge and a lot of it has misters for us overweight sweaty bastard types, but I am not sure when that last time they hosed down the tables... ever?  If you are short on cash, you may get a good buzz walking around licking the tables... and they would be cleaner then too!  WOO HOO!  Also, assuming you like sitting on seats made of 2X4s painted like a clown threw up on them and tables that need to be sanded (and wiped down, I reiterate), yet decent food and cheap-ish drinks, this place is for you.  They do have an inside section, but from what I have seen, most of the fun is outside.  On the normal weekend night, you get your typical Scottsale DBs who need to put their sleeves back on the shirt that their moms paid for as they are $30K a year millionaires, sorority girls-gone-wild types who don't care about anyone but them and their BFFS, and a fair amount of the overly sensative hipsters who could really use a shave and some deodarent, but despite all of that, it's still fun.  Oh, and you will be able to pick the first timers, tourists, and 'parents' out of the crowd for sure.  And if you have other plans, I would not recommend going here before you go anywhere else as you are bound to get dirty or spill, but it's a great way to end the night and that's just Dos Gringos.Service- tattooed chicks with big boobs... +++ (and some dudes) but all very nice and good serviceFood- decent- it didn't give me poo-cano and they use a lot of cheese which is never a bad thing unless you are my Dr., then I only had the veggies.  Oh, and try the habanero sauce on the side- it will grow hair on your sack and force a re-manscape ASAP!  Muy bien!Atmosphere- VERY relaxed, and some could argue too relaxed if you like a little structureOther- plenty of room to dance between the booths, jenga, decent music, but best of all, $1 Donkey Punch shots all the time!  Be careful, these bad boys are the cousin of the Dirty Sanchez for a reason!
3	For my first time in old town scottsdale this was a cool spot.  Hung out up stairs on the patio area.  Prices were good.  Had I been able to really let loose and enjoy may have had a higher rating but live a distance.  Want to grab some food next time it looked good.
3	College hottie servers and spring break in Mexico atmosphere.  I am sure this place starts jumping well after I have left.  Looks like every bar did in every college town in the late 80s and 90s that I have ever done damage in.
3	Didn't come here to eat just drink but can't really go wrong with 2.50 coronas this is definitely is a college bar and a bit noisy what's wierd is there Oregon duck fans and not ASU fans? Great place for day drinking though
4	Ok...so this is not a fancy mexican restaurant, but I love the atmosphere!  I always feel like I could be in mexico, and I mean on a vacation enjoying myself.   I love the outdoor seating .  I am vegetarian and the staff was great in helping me select a good item.   The happy hour price on rita's was fantastic.   Fun Times!  Will for sure come back
3	ekkk, umm maybe i was old town the wrong day. Service sucked but the place was big, maybe ill be back for someones birthday if they have a bar crawl here but by choice im not sure ill be back had to wait 30 mins to get a drink lol!
4	Not much to look at, but tacos were authentic and the margaritas were strong. What could you want from a Mexican place. I felt like you we're really in Mexico. Don't miss for cheap but good taste of the real thing.
3	Good atmosphere. Lots of TVs and they'll put any game on you want. Friendly staff. El Diablo hot wings were 5/10 but the fried burrito was awesome! Guacamole sucks though and they charged extra for salsa! WHAT!
5	our final stop on a pub ride, dos never disappoints for drankin. it was early, so there weren't many people (which is fine with me, as i was already half drunk, and i'm that douchbag who gets a little cocky when he drinks too much and thinks he's George St. Pierre, and then gets punched in the face for oogling some girls big boobs while her much bigger boyfriend is fuming at me). the doormen welcomed us in and even gave us a friendly good night when we left. the bartender was all smiles and pleasant, and with so few people there, drinks were in our hands within seconds. this place has always been fun, and of course, we'll be back!
3	I popped in here for a drink with co-workers after a work function recently. The outdoor seating and ambience were nice, which is the only reason I'm giving them  three stars and not two. The service and the alcohol selection were lacking, in my opinion. If friends were coming into town and wanted to go out, this isn't someplace that would immediately spring to mind to take them.
4	The new pizza shop was closed, so plan B was Dos Gringos. The service was great. I had no compliments. I would go back again.
3	Came here for the Oregon Ducks block party. Nothing special about the food with the exception of the appetizer dips.  I tried the pork Chile Verde cheese dip  and it had a lot of flavor but got mushy since it was mixed with cheese and sour cream.  Good place for drinks but could do without the food.
3	I've been to this bar/restaurant many times and almost always have a good time. This time I went in for some lunch and a beer with some friends. It was New Years Day so there weren't many people there. The service was very good, and so were the prices, but the food wasn't very good at all. I had four of their $2 tacos and they were just too watery and didn't have much flavor. I'll go with something different next time.
4	Fun place. Went twice during our stay. Had a great breakfast.
4	A big fan of strong margaritas, tasty fresh guacamole, and the fantastic patio. A Lovely surprise for this native Oregon girl was the Ducks table:)! The inside is a bit club ish for me, but the fab patio more than makes up for it.
4	Went fairly early on a Friday night. It was starting to get busy and waitress said they were short staffed...everyone looked of average height to me though (insert knee slap here). Anyways... Got chips and salsa for $1 and some Gringo chicken tacos and some flautas. All had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers. Waitress was nice and stopped by a couple times. Good night. Oh yea, they had a corn hole game going on the patio too.
4	Big fan of this place. One of the best patios/places to day-drink in Scottsdale. We went Friday night and ate at the bar and the food was great! Minus 1 star for being an Oregon Ducks bar ;-p
5	Margarita heaven!!! Plus great beautiful waitresses.
5	Go, go, go!!!  Great food, fantastic atmosphere, cold beer,friendly crowd and staff.  If you are looking for a fun time in Scottsdale, you have to go here.
4	Dive bar with cheap drinks.....downtown scottsdale is cuteD
4	Baja shrimp tacos- Mexican street style are the way to go!Came here mid-day after driving around on the trolley. This place really is great for day drinking - $4 Bloody Maries, $7 margaritas and super cheap tacos.Fun atmosphere with great outdoor people watching, what else do you need!
2	I love the fun carefree atmosphere, but the service Friday Night 4/26 was lousy. The wait staff was all about entertaining themselves, and this place lost a lot in food and drink sales because they mostly ignored us and all the filled tables around us.
2	The location is great. The service.... not so much. My sister and I went on a weekday night and it was not busy at all. We ordered our drinks and then our food. We had two other people meeting us there but did not tell them because we wanted to eat right away. Once the other two showed up (guys) she was back to our table to help. She was very attentive with them and they even got their food before we did. I never got a refill on my tea and my one of the guys never got the drink he actually ordered. She ordered a vodka and cran and she brought him out a beer. She apologized and offered it to him on her and she would go grab his drink.... she never did. My sister ordered a queso dip and asked for more chips.... the chips never came until we asked another server. The food was good the location is nice the seating is great but the service isn't tremendious. I would go back, just hopefully get a different server.
4	Warning, there are usually drunk people here...and 30 minutes after I get here, I am usually one of them.  I love Sunday Fun-day on the patio at Dos; always a great friendly vibe from the patrons and staff.  DO drink the FROZEN margarita.  I am normally not a fan of frozen margaritas, but they are very good here!  Also, I always eat their tater tots, but that probably has something to do with the drunk factor not culinary expertise.  There is this bartender, who is outstanding, but of course I don't know his name.  So that was basically a rather useless tidbit of information.  All I know is when I go to Dos he seems to be in tune with my salivary glands, because right when my drink is empty he gives me the nod to signal the next one is on the way.
4	The food here is super good. I recommend the carne asada nachos.  My other main recommendation would be the blended/frozen margaritas. I like coming here for some daytime drinking. Great open patio makes you feel like you are on vacation in Cabo.
4	Tres Gringo's went to Dos Gringos.  Dive bar, almost college like.  The tacos were pretty good for the price.  The service here is hit or miss....the gals seemed distracted but they had a special event for a staff member that was injured so we just chalked it up to that.
3	In comparison to Chandler Gringos, I like this one much less. It was DEAD on a Friday night and nothing special going on with pricing. We got a drink and bounced out to the next place.
4	Hearing the name Dos Gringos just makes me want to day drink. I love coming here. First of all, I love patios and they have a huge one downstairs and also one upstairs (I rarely go up there though). I have probably only sat INSIDE a handful of times here. They have lots of good specials, they have giant Jenga, a couple different bars, a really good Thursday night special, etc. It's jus a fun place. We used to come here on Thursdays and get the wristband and get 50 cent Coronas or whatever the deal was and it would get PACKED and be a blast. The food is your basic bar food, pretty good if you're just grabbing some nachos for the table or grabbing a couple of tacos. It's fun at night but it's better (in my opinion) for some good old day drinking. Service has always been good and the servers have been friendly.
3	Dos in Old Town is a laid back day drinking /  happy hour / evening spot in where you dont have to be pretentious, a bro, done up, or out to 'pick up' someone to go. You can just go, eat, drink,  dance, have fun without any of the Old Town rules or boundaries or cultural faux paus. Dos is fun because it knows what it is and accepts it well. If you want to just sit and chill and drink, do it! If you want some tacos or nachos and some beers. BOOM! If you want to go out on a Saturday night and 'just dance' without 10,000 other dudes all up ons you, then good; Dos is good for that. Food: Food is meh. Bar food, mexican taquiera style, but certainly not 'good'. The drinks are your typical bar drinks, no fancy menu drink menu. Not that type of place. You typically end up getting a bucket Dos Equis Lagers and there ain't nothing wrong with that.I like going to Dos and i'm sure i'll be back time and time again, especially on nights where the bro status across Scottsdale Rd gets to be so high I can't take it....
2	went here on taco tuesday right before happy hour was ending Tacos are small and mehhhhhh all three of us thought the tacos were gross and TINY! Drinks were nasty !!!!! the outdoor area is super cool looking but the place is just not that great probably wont be back ..there are much better places to go
3	Used to come here almost every weekends while I was studying at Arizona State University.  Been going to their location in Tempe by the campus a lot before they moved and then closed.  I like this location because it's so far away from ASU and is in Old Town Scottsdale where a lot of other people comes.  Best time to come out is like I said, on the weekends where you will see a lot of people, young and old.  It might be very crowded if you come out late and you will definitely not be able to find a parking spot.  So come out early and stay out late.
5	Maybe I'm a bit bias due to my Oregon Ducks backing, but like all Duck fans, I just don't give a shit.  Unreal, and I mean unreal service...  We were at the same table all night and must have had 5 separate waiters/waitresses check on us.  Great Margaritas and Bloodies, the best Chicken Wings in Scottsdale and a crazy bar menu.The College Football bar specials on Saturdays are off the charts, especially if you "Love My Ducks."Great bar, great food, unreal service.-
1	This is not Mexican food! Went there for lunch so that way wouldn't have to go pull my car  out of the garage. Was greeted by the bartender and ordered a coke. She then handed me a menu. A little pricey but I decided on the shrimp tacos for $4  and added rice and beans for another 3 here's a novel idea why don't you just make a taco plate  without the upcharge? No chips and salsa were offered for munching on while I waited. And needless to say their tacos are very tiny I think I had one shrimp on each taco smothered in mango salsa. The tortillas they come on are gross. The rice was cold and crunchy and the beans were extremely salty. What a waste of time. Stay away from their food. It is not Mexican food!!!!
1	I use to come here all the time, it's my first time back in a year, the bartenders have NO personality and rude, they just want their tip and ignore the customers, I will give it another year before I go back. It's sad they hired these pricks,
1	I have been a yelp reader for years but this is my first review. When I first moved here a long time ago, this was the first bar I ever went to in old town. Service was great and fun an d food was ok. Went yesterday to catch the last game and have a few tacos. Wasn't busy but you would think that the bartender with the detroit hat and shirt on was dealing with hundreds of people. He was absolutely rude to everyone. I miss the old dos that had people that understood they were in the service industry.
3	This place has been around for a while and, besides having expanded to include the neighboring building, it hasn't changed much. The service is generally bad, the tacos are good, the picnic tables feel dirty, and it's an okay place to stop in for a beer.
3	This place is actually pretty fun to go to at night. In the daytime, it is a really chill place to hang out with friends and drink beer. The food (tacos) are not bad. They are on the small side but taste pretty good. The only problem that I have with this place is that it does not smell very good. It's not extremely dirty (it is as clean as it can be with a ton of drunk people around all the time) but it just smells like bathroom.
2	Maybe I haven't been to Dos Gringos in a while, or maybe this location is just grosser than the Tempe location, but this place is dirty!  The bathroom has a bad smell coming from it and everything just seems kinda filthy.  I would never ever order food from here, if their bar area is this dirty I can only imagine how gross the kitchen is... I'm not really sure why people would hang out here when there are plenty of nicer and more fun spots in Scottsdale.
1	I am so disappointed. Look at my previous reviews of other Dos and I am typically very fair. This place had a good server but the manager was lousy to say the least. We visit this place once a month and bring a group of ten to fifteen people with us so you would think they would provide quality service but two guys at the bar wanted to hear the game. I like football so I get it but the speakers were blasting so loud it actually hurt. We moved to another location and it helped a bit but another group came in and had the same complaint, they also moved. Manager insisted and wouldn't lower the volume because of the two gentlemen at the bar. So our group of twelve in a bar with 16 people in it would've been better off going elsewhere.  Customer service by management here was terrible. We won't be back next month or anytime after that.
4	Great happy hour deals.  The atmosphere is nice.  The music is amazing.My only complaint focuses in on the Mahi Mahi tacos.  I understand it's Arizona and all, but please don't be stingy with your fish and expect us to pan out $4 per tiny taco.  What a ripoff!  I explained the situation and how ripped-off I felt, and they were understanding...but I'll know better next time.
5	Joey and Cam are the best bartenders in old town!!! Dos is a great bar to bring a group of friends !!!
4	Fun place to go for a drink.  Nice open layout.  The bar has upstairs and downstairs levels - the lower level has games like cornhole and a giant Connect 4 set.  The house frozen margarita is deliciously limey with a nice layer of salt around the rim.  The food is on the pricey side.  The buffalo wings claim to be a "full pound", but at six pieces I'd be surprised if the dish weighed a half pound.  They are deliciously spicy, though - if you don't like too much fire, let the server know and they will tone it down for you.  The seafood street tacos were so small that we laughed when they were brought out.Good flavor, though.  The other street tacos are also small but tasty.  The best value is to order the 6 pack.  You can mix and match on the fillings.
5	As a first time Yelper, I thought it was my duty to pick out the most memorable experience from my recent jaunt to the Scottsdale bars to house my post.  I am not what you would call a bar fly.  I am more of a stay at home, curled up with a book kind of gal. The whole "Scottsdale Scene" leaves a bad taste in my mouth.  On this particular Friday night I was torn from the solace of my couch by a group of friends for a night on the town.  We began our evening in the Northeast part of Old Town amongst the neon lights of the newly constructed string of bars.  Giddy with anticipation of what our night would bring, we strolled into HIFI.  Being a stranger to the nightlife I was disappointed to find the service rude.  The bartenders seemed almost put out that I had the audacity to order a cocktail.  Let alone, the ever complicated vodka soda with a lemon.  I was assured by the rest of my group that was par for the course and I should be thankful the bartender chose to bestow her attention on me instead of the bar-back she was previously talking to. Far be it from me to rock the boat I smiled, thanked her, apologized to the bar-back and drank my $10 drink in silence, eyes cast to the floor.  Rinse and repeat for the next 2 hours on that side of town.  Some places better than others, though all having an air of superiority I didn't quite understand.  Fast forward to midnight, tired of battling aggressive V necks, we made our way across Scottsdale road.  The bright neon lights from the eastside of the street had nothing on the sparkling Christmas lights of Craftsman Court.  Making our way into Dos Gringos we were greeted at the door by a bearded gent with a friendly, "Hello."   This is one of the larger bars I have been to in Scottsdale.  There were 3 different bars operating downstairs and one upstairs, which was not open on this particular night.  The place was crowded, yet we were promptly served with a smile as soon as we stepped up to the bar.  The tall red headed fellow handled my intricate concoction of vodka and soda water with ease.  We made our way to the back of the bar. The atmosphere was very inviting. The rhythm was right, I had my dancin' shoes on and me and your girl was booty shakin'.  There was more room in the back so our group posted up here for the rest of the night.  The music was excellent and all of the patrons seemed to be having a fantastic time, ourselves included.  All the bartenders, guys and gals alike, made us feel welcome and seemed happy to have us there. We were never without a beverage, and I never felt I was putting anyone out to have my glass refilled.  Fueled with laughs, the warmth of friendship, and something called Fireball, the sobering task of closing my tab crept up on me in the night.  I reached for the black check presenter with fear in my heart.  Already taking mental stock of my unpaid bills for the month, I opened the small book at the same time deciding Southwest Gas would have to wait for their money yet another paycheck. I was pleasantly surprised at the affordability of the libations.  My cat Gary and I would stay warm in spite of my poor decision making skills.  I paid my bill, left a generous tip, one that I thought was well deserved and was a direct reflection on the service I had received, and staggered my way into a taxi in the back ally.  I would strongly recommend this place to anyone who is looking to have a pretentious-free night out on the town.  Thank you Dos Gringos and staff for making one the few nights that I get out a great one!  I'll be back for sure.
1	Came in after hiking Cholla Trail on a Saturday afternoon with my girlfriend and another couple. We were just looking for a place to grab a quick snack and some drinks and conversation. Not really expecting much but cold beer and hot food. The place was almost empty but that did not stop our waitress and the bartender from getting two of the four drinks wrong. This escalated when they managed to get three of the four meals wrong, the service was poor and after the fifth mistake in our order my friend finally complained about the bad service and continual mistakes and the waitress left and was replaced by a surly floor manager who was unprofessional, antagonistic, and confrontational. He did everything short of picking an actual fight with me. What started as a nice outing with friends turned into an ugly ordeal where I will never go back and am suggesting to all of my friends that they avoid the place as well. There are plenty of places where I can grab a bite to eat, a beer and not have some arrogant asshole of a floor manager come over and throw his machoness around to impress the female wait staff and bartenders at mine or friend's expense. Way to unimpress.
5	Lunch tacos. Easily the best in the valley. Simple but different and very, very tasty.
5	Stop by here my first time in old Town Scottsdale after dropping off an application in the area.. It was 1, i had an annoying day so far, I felt like having a drink. It was fairly empty but started to get busier while I was there, I had 2 margaritas that were great and the bartender was pleasant enough without overwhelming me and she was incredibly easy on the eyes.. Will go back here again sometime for the cheap drinks, divey atmosphere and the excessive day drinking that im sure goes on here
4	I always seem to have a great time at this place.  Always crowded and has plenty of space to move around on most nights - but it can get packed.  You don't have to come here dressed to kill - even with it being in Scottsdale, jeans and t shirt are just fine.  The alcohol prices are fair and I have had their wings on few occasions during college football - I believed that they were great - but I had a lot to drink - so what isn't good then?   Was here for New Years Eve and the music and atmosphere was good.    The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was that their bathrooms are the worst smelling bathrooms- I don't know what they could do to make it better - being that so  many people use them and they would almost need a full time janitor.  But the smell of ass sometimes linger out to the open aired bar.......But don't let that deter you.  Awesome place, awesome staff, awesome drinks..... go the bathroom before you come here and hold it as long as you can!!!!!
5	Dos Gringos is a great place to go day drinking with some really good Mexican food. It's a dive bar with plenty of outdoor seating and THREE bars. Two are full outdoor and one is in and out door serving/seating. TV's are aren't large in size or number but they're there if you want to watch the game or whatever. Good number of people there most of the time but plenty of space as well so it's not overly crowded. Also, there's a Jenga game (probably 10 times the tabletop version, played with 2x4s) as well as cornhole (bags, beanbags, etc) that's free to whoever wants to play it in the outdoor section. Always a great time at Dos Gringos!!
3	This is definitely a place to sit out & have a few drinks with some chips and guacamole, but not a full meal. The food just isn't that good but the patio atmosphere definitely makes you want to drink. I had the Gringos Burrito and it was forgettable. Low quality rice without much flavor, mediocre red sauce, heavy refried beans, etc. I shared a cheese quesadilla with friends and it was also whatever. Barely any cheese so it was super thin, again forgettable. I'd definitely come back on a nice afternoon for beers & a snack, Dos Gringos does that wonderfully.
5	They have great service, and awesome food and drink prices. The staff is very friendly and the environment there is awesome. You feel like you've stepped into a different world. And what makes this place even better is that it's a Duck bar during college football season, GO DUCKS! This is were they Oregon alumni gather to watch games, the bar reserves tables for duck fans and they offer food and drink specials during the games.
4	Fun atmosphere! Good prices
5	I haven't tried the food- but the people that work here are so friendly so if you're visiting the area, this is a great spot to stop by at! We brought in our Spring Training ticket after the game and received an offer for 1 dollar Old Style beer- a great deal. The security guard inside was working as like a host, asking if we wanted anything, and giving us huge smiles. A lot of people were walking in and getting tables immediately.
5	I do like this place.  Taco tuesday is a great value here!  My biggest disappointment is that they won't honor their special when the spring training games are on....so they just loose this local to the other bar down the road for awhile!I have updated my review to reflect 5 stars!  I did this as a result of the contact from the Customer Service Manager Jeff.  He contacted me and explained it must have been a mistake on the part of the staff.  They DO HONOR their specials even during the Spring traning games!!!  WOOHOO!!!   He was very genuine in his communication and very nice. It is this kind of reaching out over just a little issue that makes a business stand out!!!  I am on my way back!! THANKS DOS GRINGOS!!!
3	Not a bad place to day drink, but that's about it. I've eaten here a number of times and it has always left something to be desired. Food is very average.
2	Came back to watch some basketball and all the bartenders give more attention to the roided out guys but the waitress was great
4	Love this place. Watched basketball there last night with a group of people. Fun and relaxed atmosphere with just the right amount of "divy-ness". We mostly drank but had a few apps. The chips and queso were great as well as the wings and shredded beef mini chimis. The waitresses/bartenders were super attentive. I couldn't believe how they were so on top of it with cleaning up plates and empty drinks and bringing us new ones. Probably one of my favorite places to go when I'm in town visiting. Will be back.
5	This is a "must go to" sort of place.  Eclectic decor,  good food, and reasonable drinks.  Killer chicken tacos!
1	Been in here a couple times to day drink. Went in there last night with a couple friends around 1030, sat down at a table and apparently we were weren't good enough to be customers. No one acknowledged us/served us/or even said hi. We had to walk up to the bar which was in plain view from our table, to get menus, then waited another ten minutes. Still didn't even get a "we'll be right with you" so we left. Sent an email to their manager no reply so far, so we'll see what happens. Maybe I can call corporate about it. Oh and the one star is for the actual place. Cool place, nice setup, but you can see how a couple amateur employees can ruin potential business.
2	This place is just eh in my book. I did go in the middle of the day in the middle of the week (on vacation), so it was dead, so that didn't help the vibe. But the food just was not good. Really, no flavor in the tacos or queso. I just wouldn't recommend it or head back if I were back in the area.
4	I love yelp and want to be a fair reviewer. Went in late Sunday night craving some tacos and wasn't expecting much after the last 2 visits. This time however sat at the bar again and the bartender did a great job getting us a beer and taking our orders. Paid great attention to everyone and even noticed the guy sitting between myself and a couple came in drunk and annoying and let him know politely he was cut off. The food was ok but the bartender did a much better job than any of my recent visits. Kudos
1	There are so many different places in Scottsdale that are better. The food is mediocre and the staff are total jerks. The bartender we dealt with gave us bad service and on top of that other members of the staff were very rude. Someone should remind them that customers drive their business so they shouldn't alienate them. We will not be back and you shouldn't go either.
3	This place is definitely a party place. The bar area was pretty busy for it only being 5:30pm or so when i was there. We only stopped in for appetizer's so that is all i can rate on at this point. It was loud, the service was okay, and the food was just okay. I had planned on ordering a couple items but started with just the crispy tacos. I wasn't blown away so we stopped while we were ahead. The crispy tacos: the shredded beef was alright the avocado salsa saved the little tacos, without that they would have had no flavor at all. I would say try something other than the crispy tacos, i hear that the Rocky Point Nachos are good so maybe give them a go. All-in-all my experience here was okay, not great, not horrible just okay.
1	Absolutely appalling service!!  My friends and I came here to celebrate a birthday.    We got there around 5 pm and the place didn't seem busy at all.  We sat outside at the bar.  Our first bartender was extremely helpful, (15 mins) unfortuneately I didn't get his name.    The second bartender named Ted, (1 hour) was absolutely obnoxious.   He made rude remarks regarding his customers sitting at another table and  he signed my tab without my consent!   Forged my signature!   How awful was It to hear everything coming from his mouth and we're ALL paying customers!  I have been in the restaurant industry for number of years and experienced alot of different bars, and clubs.   I have not been treated soo horrible in my entire life.   Not to mention, he knew it was a friends birthday.    I will NOT go back to Dos Gringos-Scottsdale no matter how good looking the bartenders are.
1	Sunday Night - Server girl was trying to hard to have fun not getting anything doneShe could not get our orders right for both drinks & foodWe cud see our food in window for about 10 minutes. We were ready to grab it ourselvesOf course food order was incomplete Gave up on most of our order
1	Use to love this place however my most recent experiences here will keep me until some major changes happen. Services sucks, food quality has declined, and bartenders take advantage of people they think are drunk (which I've seen happen to other people, and most recently to myself). With the amount of competition in the area, this bar is not worth the time.
5	The atmosphere is great and the bartenders are awesome. Come here all the time and have really nothing to complain about... I would recommend this place to anyone looking to have a good time in old town!
4	Went there to watch a hockey playoff game Sunday @ 6:00. Place was not busy and we were seated right away. Waitress came over right away and took our drink order. We ordered the wings and fish tacos. Food was decent and reasonably priced. The place started to fill up. Looks like a lot of regulars. Food was good and priced right. We'll be back again.
5	Love this place! A great spot after work or even during work! I love the specials and food is not bad for a bar!!! Will, Joey, Cameron, Ty and Skillet rock,  great service, quick witted, and just a pleasure to always see!!! Too bad they ran out of kiltlifter!
5	What a nice surprise. You can still have an affordable night in Scottsdale with down to earth people. The staff makes you feel right at home. I usually only give negative reviews but this place deserves a mention.
4	The key is to keep your expectations low.  Don't be in a hurry.  Expect to hang out, have great conversation, pretty good mexican food, cheap but good drinks and a good time.  You go for the atmosphere (seriously and ally between two buildings with Jenga made from 2x4's) and lights strung from the trees- but you stay when you eat, drink and only have a $20 bill for two people.  I love it.  Apparently four stars worth.  Probably a fifth star if the tables weren't always sticky.  But that's not enough to keep me away. (I recommend the ooey, gooey, cheesy, something something and more cheese burrito).
2	The food is delicious and my margarita was to die for. But the service was pretty rough. Our waitress checked on us three times. Once to take drink orders, once to take our order, and once to bring us a pitcher of water. Between 7 of us we went through that pitcher rather quickly and then we didn't see our waitress for at least 40 minutes. I had to walk to the bar myself to get our check. If it was busy I could totally understand this but it was 3 o'clock on a week day and there were maybe 4 other people there sitting at the bar. I would say the main downfall is that the servers aren't very interested in helping their guests but like I said the food and drink is really good!
5	I come here a lot and Brandi is amazing. I love coming to see her on Tuesdays. She takes great care of all her customers.
5	Had delicious tacos on Taco Tuesday. Margaritas were good and for only $1 more you can have a shot of Grand Marnier. I recommend the place.
5	Excellent chill, lay back environment with decent food, great drinks and EXCELLENT customer service. Thanks Cameron and Will for the witty and genuine service. The sarcasm was an added side dish.  I highly recommend this bar! Their appetizers and drinks were great. The staff were not your Scottsdale type of bar tenders. I went on a Wednesday night after a Brush Bar painting experience next door and it was a super chill environment.  I was super surprised to encounter country music, a laid back atmosphere and such fun bartenders.  They even invited us back!
5	Always a great place to get wasted and get your grub on at the same time. It can get toasty in the summer, and you might get wet when it rains but generally at night it is a nice place to chill..
4	Nice bang for the buck, generally a young crowd, has a cool Mexican cantina feel.
1	Came here to meet with friends after the comedy show.  Like a mini high school reunion.  Maybe I am not in my 20s anymore and like the dingy bar atmosphere anymore.  Wow.... The place is dirty, sticky, and just ek.  The restroom on my, it was scary.  The service was horrible to top off the experience.
4	Having been to all of the Dos Gringos in the valley, I'm tied for my favorite between here, and the south Tempe location(priest) I love the outdoor 'tiki bar' vibe they have going, and the bartenders/ servers are usually fun and engaging. Not at all a typical 'Scottsdale' bar, in fact, the very opposite. Usually very friendly crowd.:) I love margaritas and if you get here during happy hour, they have awesome deals! Regular, flavored, frozen, on the rocks, you pick, there all delish(even though from a mix, not overly sweet). The food is actually really good, I love the burros, tacos, nachos, gringo rolls, etc.never a bad choice for a fun night out, or drinks with friends:)
5	Doug the manager was so great to work with in planning my 30th birthday. The staff was so accommodating, and the upstairs room was perfect. I highly recommend anyone who wants to have a laid back and chill event to consider this venue. The staff and manager were both excellent, and the food was great. Thank you for a fantastic party!
5	We held a corporate happy hour event here, and it was a total success. Doug and his team were extremely accommodating and quick to answer any questions I had in preparing for our event. I chose this venue over others simply because of how attentive and passionate Doug was. Definitely recommend!
4	Have always liked this location, probably because it is never crowded and the tacos are also really good and cheap. You can score 2 tacos for three bucks here, either on corn (which are smaller) or flour (which have more meat). The staff is pretty cool here as well and one guy made us this great shot with fireball and Kahlua called a Cinnamon toast and we got a 2 for 1 deal. They also have plenty of TV's inside and a few outside bars on the patio. Pretty relaxed crowd and the only time I ever saw it packed was on New Year's. Chips and salsa are 1 buck, but that is probably going to normal soon in most places.UPDATE: Tried a $10 Chicken Burro to go and this is a Great deal. The thing is loaded with chicken, beans and rice and it comes with more rice and beans and some quality guacamole. It was great to mop up the alcohol and also would be great anytime. They also raffle off a jersey on Monday night of both teams. It was my night.
5	My favorite spot for Taco Tuesday/Tequila Tuesday. The margaritas are dankalicious. The tacos don't rock my world, but are reasonably priced. Love the quesadillas, love the outdoor seating. Service is hit or miss, more toward the miss, but I've come to accept and embrace this because overall, Dos Gringos is so fun. PS No bunnies allowed
3	pretty laid back, good drinks and food. a couple times i went and the misters were broken and leaking. otherwise, like it
2	Probably one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant in a verrrrry long time. Went there with a group of probably around 15 people Saturday night. It took 45 minutes for our drinks to come out and half of them were wrong. About an hour after we ate, my boyfriend and I were concerned about where the food we ordered was. The waitress admitted she forgot to even put the food order for us two in! She had no idea what she was doing and had probably 3 other people helping her after more than one of us complained about the service. It was absurd.
1	Terrible service. We were passed by the same waitress a dozen times and no service, when we tried to get her attention we were rudely told not now. This is a big hang out for Michigan fans and I'm wondering why with lack of service.
3	Dos has lost a lot of its appeal from years back.  It used to be the day drinking capitol of the world but now there's hardly anyone there during weekend days.  It's got that Rocky Point vibe which is supposed to be dirty and a little run down but I think they're taking that a bit far.  It doesn't look like it's been renovated in decades.Corona's used to be $2 anytime which made it our starting spot but they have since gone up as well.  I think they're up to $3 which is pretty much the same thing so no big deal.  I think the shift away from Craftsman Court and the west side of Scottsdale road to other more popular streets is what has made the crowds disappear, not necessarily any huge thing they're doing wrong here.
2	Dos gringos is not what it just to be.. A few years back there was always a good amount of people hanging out during the day. It just to be like being in Mexico without being in Mexico. Now it's just like any other place, it lost his charm. Or maybe I'm just older..
4	Way better than expected. I set a low bar based off of friend's experiences here though. We had a large group and none of us could drink so I was worried but our server did an excellent job, fast, and separated our checks fast without issues. Fajitas were good.
3	We were walking around town and decided to stop here for a drink. It was the loud music that attracted us here. It was actually a live DJ with a drummer playing decent music. The outside patio was kind of dead, so after our $3 well drink, we decided to move on (yes, $3!!! amazing!)
