4	The grounds are very nice here, but I have to say the part I loved best was the collection of cars. I've never seen so many antique vehicles in one place. Definitely makes it worth checking out. However. The location is a bit wacky. It's right outside of Wilkinsburg, which isn't a place to visit at all. But still, it is nice enough to check out. Especially if you want to just go have a nice lunch at the cafe.
5	Despite the bloody labor battles that were fought at the old Homestead Steel Mills, the Frick Art and Historical Center is a very beautiful and quiet place to spend the day.  It is complex of museums and  buildings set in several acres of lawns and gardens in Pittsburgh's East End.  It is a wonderful place to bring your out of town guests or just spend by yourself.You begin your tour with the Helen Frick Art Museum, located on Reynolds Street.  It features  porcelains, bronzes, and rare examples of 17th and 18th-century furniture.  Current exhibits include Steel: Pittsburgh Drawings by Craig McPherson and A Panorama of Pittsburgh: Nineteenth-Century Printed Views. They will  remain on view through June 8, as part of Pittsburgh's 250th anniversary.Next we have the Car and Carriage Museum.  Henry Clay Frick was apparently quite an auto enthusiast.  His 1914 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost touring car is here as is the first car reportedly registered in Pittsburgh.  My husband Rick likes the 1931 Lincoln.Then we move on to my favorite, the Greenhouse, the Gardens, and the Lawns.  I believe that admission is free if you just want to stroll around the lawns, which I like to do on a Sunday in May.  In the late 19th Century, greenhouses were very popular with wealthy families.Finally we come to the house itself, Clayton.  It was purchased for the then princely sum of $22,000 by the Frick's in 1882.  It is done in the Italianate style.  Over 93% of the furnishings in the house are original, and that's what makes it so wonderful.  You get a fair sense of how the Fricks lived--quite a contrast to the steelworkers!  No stop to the Frick is complete without visiting the cafe.  They believe that good food is an art too and the service here is wonderful.  I took a friend out for her birthday recently.  We had lunch at the cafe, the menu rotates seasonally.  I tried the Shrimp Tostones, which was sauted white shrimp, autumn sprouts, toasted almonds, guava cream, and annatto oil.  In the mood for more "traditional" museum fare like hot dogs?  Then try the "Ultimate Chili Dog".  Per the website, it is Grilled chicken apple sausage, wild boar chili, grated Gruyere cheese, caramelized onions, and mustard piccalilli on a sourdough roll!Don't forget to have tea here too.  It is wonderful and the service is impeccable!  You and your guests can easily spend a whole afternoon here!
3	The Frick Car and Carriage Museum is interesting and fun. They play very informative short films in a screening room and the docents there are very friendly, helpful people. The Car and Carriage Museum is very well worth going to. And the amazing part is that is free. The Frick Art Museum is not really that interesting or great. There is hardly anything of note. As far as I can see, Helen Frick had way more money than taste and money can't buy you taste. When J.P. Morgan died, he donated his entire art collection to the Met in New York. However the Met did not want everything. Helen Frick bought many pieces that the Met had already passed on, with good reason. Of course not all of the Frick Art collection consists of the Met's castoffs. There many portraits of insignificant nobility done by French court painters who had little talent. Just bec. art is old or expensive, doesn't mean it's really any good. It's a good thing this museum is free.
5	I was here on Mother's Day with my Mom, my mother-in-law, my aunt, and my cousin.  This was a "girl's day out", a gift to ourselves (we left the menfolk at home!).  Afternoon Tea was absolutely exquisite.  Don't get me wrong--I love a good ballgame and hotdog just like everyone else.  But sometimes I gotta do "chick stuff" like this too!  We took the tour of the mansion and the Frick Art Museum.  Current exhibits include The Road to Impressionism: Barbizon Landscapes from the Walters Art Museum and 1806, Jena, a significant late-nineteenth-century painting by French artist Jean-Louis-Ernest Meissonier.  There is a lot to see and do at the Frick.  Get off your butts Pittsburghers and enjoy this place!
4	I am a history fan...so when a friend told me about this I made sure he took me to go see it.  The property is very beautiful...We waited a few minutes and signed in....surprising it was discount day!  The waiting area itself was exquisite and already gave rich history of the property and the people who had lived there. By the time we finished looking it over, our tour guide came in.  She was perfect...very knowledgeable and sweet.  She answered any questions we had and made us feel very welcome there.  She gave us ample time to roam around each room.  The house is amazing and moreso the car collection.  That is free...and a must-see.  Also is you like art don't miss the art collection.
3	It's free, and the car & carriage museum has a Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost.We skipped the house tour ($10), the cafe, and the art museum.   It was still worth visiting just for the old cars.
4	I can't comment on the Art museum, but I did get to see the car and carriage collection as well as the estate. Although slightly hassled by over-enthusiastic docents, I had a great time (though short) viewing the car and carriage collection. There was a much larger variety than I anticipated.The house was just incredible. Distinctly Pittsburgh on the outside, but easily one of the best examples of homes from that era on the interior. Our guide was interesting, knowledgeable, and happy to respond to questions. We had ample time to explore each room. In fact, maybe too much time. The tour ran on the long side as far as house tours go and I'll admit I got a little antsy by the end. It was also a little chaotic because there were at least two other groups in the house while we were there (I'm impressed if they get that kind of visitation regularly). Nevertheless, I had a great experience and would happily encourage any of the Art museum visitors to head over and take the tour. I might go back, if only because I didn't get a single picture of the place.Oh, and, if nothing else - thumbs up for the ample free parking. As an out-of-towner, it made it one of the easiest parts of my trip.
3	Very nice home and grounds.  I could not exactly say I am a fan of the owner or how he earned his money but I did appreciate how original the house and belongings are and how beautiful the grounds and buildings are.   Can you say Johnstown flood?  How about the Homestead strike?  Celebrating the extreme wealth of few on the backs of a billion who worked 16 hour days for nothing isn't exactly something I really love to do but I can appreciate beautiful art and architecture of which there is plenty to see here.  We toured Clayton (the home), art museum, conservatory and the car and carriage museum.  The conservatory didn't have a lot of impressive specimens and was far from full but is a great building.  Be sure to earmark about 4 hours for the whole experience including, perhaps, a pricey but tasty snack at the cafe (make a reservation).  We had a really nice time and I do recommend a visit if you are here so you can not only see some great furnishings but so that you may learn some of the history of the economy here.  After all, we shouldn't turn our backs on the reality of our collective history lest we make the same mistakes again.  I am glad they are doing such a fine job preserving this place for generations to come.
2	The art museum is pretty nice; the carriage and car museum is cool; and it's neat to walk through the greenhouse.  Those are free.  However, nothing really separates the $12 house tour from other house tours.  Like the other ones, the docents don't focus on anything interesting, like history or the architecture or the building itself.  They focus on some family story that may only be of passing interest because the family is rich.  Kind of like hearing about Paris Hilton or the Kardashians.  B-o-r-i-n-g. And what kind of tourist attraction doesn't allow pictures?
5	I popped in to the Frick because, well, why not?  I had the afternoon free and the weather was beautiful.Sure, it's not MOMA, or the Met, or LACMA.  What were you expecting?  But what the main collection lacks in cachet, it makes up for with its outstanding curators.  I can't rave enough about how friendly and knowledgeable the staff are.  They went out of their way to describe the history and intricacies of each work of art.  It made even the most average of pieces come alive.The car collection was amazing, and the staff in the outbuilding were equally helpful.  The gentleman that I spoke with went through the collection car by car, giving an enormous amount of detail and history for each vehicle.  It made what would have been an average visit fantastic.I didn't have a chance to do the tour of the mansion, but I did walk around the grounds, and they're perfect to while away some free time on a nice day.
5	What a Frick-ing fantastic place!The Frick Art & Historical Center has all the bases covered when it comes to museums: historical site, visual art, beautiful grounds, classic cars and buggies, restaurant, greenhouse.  Not to mention that everything -- with the exception of the house tour -- is free.  No one could possibly say there's *nothing* that here interests him here.  Husband certainly couldn't convince me.I kid.  He's a trooper.We arrived at the Frick on a gorgeous blue morning and started out with an excellent tour of the Frick family abode.  When the family moved to New York City after Henry Clay struck it rich in the steel business, they kept their house in Pittsburgh for return visits to the city; 93% of what's in the house is original to the Frick family, which always makes a house tour more interesting to me.  They lived lavishly, and Frick was an avid art collector.  His personal collection -- displayed both in the home and museum -- is impressive.After our tour we visited the Car and Carriage Museum, which had husband transfixed with its Model T Touring Car, Rolls Royce Silver Ghost, American Bantam Convertible Coupe, Panhard et Levassor Tonneau and Lincoln Model K Sport Phaeton among others.  Finally, we finished up with a spin around the Art Museum itself.  It's a beautiful building with a very manageable size.  I was thrilled to find a current exhibition of Medieval Persian pottery -- found along the ancient Silk Road route -- currently running as well.Say what you will about H. C. Frick (let's be real: the Johnstown Flood and handling of the Homestead Strike would have tarnished Mother Teresa's image), the Museum and Historical Site are *well* worth your time.
5	It's been four years since I'd last reviewed the Frick?  My mom and I always have our annual Mother's Day outing here.  Women only--we leave our husbands to their own (de)vices!The Frick always has a special Mother's Day program that includes garden walks, tours, and my favorite, high tea.  Believe me, the high tea service here is exquisite.  This year Mom and I went with my cousin Cindy & her mom, and my best friend Marla & her mom.  And this year's special exhibition at the art museum was (is) "A Kind of Alchemy: Medieval Persian Ceramics.  This exhibit shows the diversity of ancient Persian  (what is now present-day Iraq, Iran, and Afghanistan) ceramics . These works were produced for both the luxury and middle-class markets.  Even the common folk could afford decorative well-crafted ceramics.The only drawback to an otherwise perfect day was the chilly weather.  I had a new sundress I wanted to wear (and my mom still bemoans my tattoo).
4	A delightful (and free?) way to spend the afternoon. The grounds are beautiful, and the architecture is great, and the nearby Frick Park is a wonderful walk. It is quite a gem in the middle of this city. Didn't tour the Clayton (reservation needed), so can't comment on that building.
5	Henry Clay Frick's mansion, Clayton, is a must on any tour of Pittsburgh. The center's grounds include an art and car museum, working greenhouse, a great cafe, and of course, the mansion itself.You will be blown away by the woodwork in Clayton--it is nothing short of amazing. The furnishings, decorations are also exquisite and original to the house. A tour of the home takes a full hour and gives you a view into the life and times of one of Pittsburgh's most loved (or despised).If you are short on time, I would recommend prioritizing A visit to Clayton and then to the other structures at the center. There is simply no comparison to Clayton.
5	How have I been living in Pittsburgh for over a year without a visit to this awesome site?!  My husband and I finally paid a visit to the Frick thanks to the "We Love Our Members" promotion that local museums were offering to their members.  (We are members at the Carnegie).  I was vaguely familiar with who Frick was and knew there was a house tour, but I had no idea how much this site had to offer.  Our visit began with a trip into the shop/visitor's center.  There we browsed the gift shop while waiting for the tour to begin.  The gift shop building was once a playhouse for the children and you can still see where gutters for the bowling alley run through the middle of the floor.  It was a great place to start the tour and begin learning about the family and their connection to the area and American industry.  I am not a Pittsburgh native, so I knew very little about them.  It is important to note that you can't bring large bags with you on the tour, but they do provide free lockers to store them while you are in the house.The tour continued by entering the house.  The enclosed porch provides a coat rack so you don't have to lug it around with you.  The house is detailed as if the Frick family was still living there.  We learned from our docent that they were fortunate that one of the family members lived there through the 1980s, so the house was well maintained and preserved.  Each room has exquisite detail and decor.  Our guide spent a great deal of time explaining and showcasing the art work.  Many local Pittsburgh artists were featured along with well known artists such as Monet.  Every aspect of the rooms were detailed including showcasing the new development at the time, aluminum.  The rooms upstairs featured less detail but were still interesting.  After our visit to the house, we stopped in the green house.  I'm not that in to plants, but it was interesting to learn that the plants grown there are used in the cafe.Speaking of the cafe, we stopped in just to check it out.  They were fully booked that day (which is fine since we weren't planning on eating anyway) but we were so enticed by the dessert selections that we got two desserts to go.  A nutella cheese cake and a baked apple.  We enjoyed those later that evening after dinner.I am not that in to cars, but the car and carriage museum was very interesting.  The first section is carriages that the Frick family used.  My favorite was their "special occasion" carriage that even had  foot warmer!  The car area featured various automobiles that had a connection to Pittsburgh.  There is also the option of watching three short videos about automobiles in Pittsburgh.The art museum alone is worth a visit.  They were preparing for an exhibit when we were there so only the Italian and French sections were open, but they were fantastic.  A great collection with amazing detail and descriptions of each of the paintings.  The interior of the building is an attraction itself.  It does not look like it was built in the 1960s with the fantastic marble and woodwork.Overall, a very enjoyable place to visit that I highly recommend to anyone because there really is something for everyone at Frick.
4	It's not large but it is a wonderful way to spend a couple hours on a nice afternoon.  Take in lunch at the cafe, stroll the grounds and check out the greenhouse.  Visit the antique auto collection, which I'm told will be closed for a while for expansion, and see a small but wonderful art collection.  We had a great afternoon.
5	An often overlooked gem in the heart of Pittsburghs most beautiful neighborhood.The Frick is essentially 5 small sights in one. The grounds.  Nice 5 acre area that is well maintained giving a park like atmosphere.The greenhouse. Lovely little greenhouse you can walk through.The car museum is neat but currently closed for 18 months.  An early electric and steam car are the highlights.  Lots of olds rolls royces.The cafe. Food.The Clayton house.  12 dollar tour worth every penny.  The house tour takes about one hour and really is fascinating.  Not a huge mansion.All in all just a nice place.
5	I must admit that I have never been to the Frick cafe or greenhouse or whatever the surrounding buildings are... which is something I should remedy sometime in the future. However, this review is for First Fridays @ the Frick, which takes over the grounds of 7227 Reynolds Street for just a couple Friday nights each summer. These couple Fridays nights have become one of my favorite Pittsburgh traditions. For summer 2014, there are three concerts happening at the Frick...MEETING OF IMPORTANT PEOPLE Friday, June 6, 2014 7:00 p.m. JERRY GRCEVICH TAMBURITZA ORCHESTRA Friday, August 1, 2014 7:00 p.m. SEAN JONES QUARTET Friday, September 5, 2014 7:00 p.m. Sadly, you've already missed the first concert on June 6th but still have time to check out the other two. Though they start at 7pm, I recommend arriving earlier, or at least having some people in your group arrive earlier, to save some space for everyone. Also, make sure to have $5 (or more) on hand to give at the entrance for the recommended donation.Even though the music is important (thanks to Meeting of Important People for putting on a great show on Friday night), I think that friends and food really make this event. My husband and I met 8 friends and had a great time chatting and laughing and catching up on life. This is the sort of concert that it's OK to talk through. Then, the food -- you can't forget the food. Our group had fruit and cheese and wine and spring rolls and mac & cheese and dessert and on and on. Having an elaborate picnic style dinner in a beautiful space while listening to music just feels like such a magical movie moment. I'm already counting down the days to the August concert!
4	Very cool place to visit with lots of history. There is a lot to see and everyone is super nice. 2 of the buildings were under construction but will open later. I liked the fact that you could walk through the house and most of the rooms. Nothing is behind glass so you can see things up close. All the ladies were nice and knew a lot about the history and answered all questions. The Degas exhibit is also on display right now so make sure to check that out too
5	I love the Frick Mansion tour. I see why Helen Frick was so determined to preserve it. Although half of me is insanely envious of the lavish and exclusive lifestyle, I am grateful they preserved it so that I could have the privilege to walk through such Victorian art, value, and elegance. I am becoming a bit of a SWPA gilded age history nerd and will always be fascinated hearing their story no matter how many times because I WILL keep going back. My most recent visit was in early December and it was very nice. I didn't know this but they change the theme of the tour during the holiday season. The original tour is my favorite, but was nice having known the  background with a surprise addition learning the Frick family's holiday traditions. If it was not a national holiday, I would certainly be game for a Frick Mansion tour today.
