5	Dr & staff are very friendly & knowledgeable. Office is very clean & they offer extensive services! Highly recommended!
1	I went into the office yesterday, the office staff was very friendly. The doctor however was cold and unempathetic. He basically walked in..shot off a few questions, looked at the sore on my nose and told me it was cancer...I said are you sure??? He said yes, that he would need to reschedule me for a biopsy.... two weeks away..???? really? Why couldn't he take the biopsy then? (maybe he wanted to charge me for another office visit??) So here I sit ...I'm stuck for two weeks with this cancer (or not) Why did he even tell me this?? I'm worried sick. I suppose I would have asked him.. but I was speechless- and feeling faint. Let me add that when he first came in the room I got the feeling he was disgusted with me for my previous exposure to the sun when I was a teen. He went on about sun screen-- Dr. I use sun screen now--my damage is from years ago. Dr. Aspacio had no personality and told me I had cancer as if it was nothing. This was a horrible experience. Dr. Aspacio comes off as a uncaring and judgmental. I have rescheduled with a different office.....to be continued... Update June 01, 2011********** OK... The new office I had rescheduled with was Woodson Dermatology on Tenya. The staff is very nice. The doctor I saw "Bess" was very sweet, she told me she wouldn't tell me if she thought it was cancer..she said she can only wait until after the biopsy (made sense) Biopsy just came back.................. it was not the basal cell carcinoma the previous doctor said I had, rather it was pre-cancer and could be frozen off .  Big difference, huh?
5	Loved loved loved this place. Actually got a groupon for a facial and after the facial talked to the dr about botox. Called a couple weeks later and did it. Staff and dr are awesome! Thanks trisha for the business as well!
4	Dr. Aspacio and his staff are very nice, caring, funny. Injections barely hurt at all and look great. A little pricey but well worth it. Hard to find quality doctors in Vegas, fortunately this is one! Very nice, clean office too. I will be back.
5	I love Dr. A!  He and his staff are so awesome and I will continue to be a regular customer!
1	I had a crazy acne flare up a few years ago.  I researched derms and found a lot of good reviews about Dr. Aspacio.When he came in to the exam room, he seemed rushed and acted like I was taking up his time by telling him my dermatological history.  I told him that I had tried a certain medication for my acne, but didn't like it because it made my skin raw and peely, and asked if he could make a suggestion for another solution.  So what does he prescribe?  That same medicine I had just told him I didn't want to use again.Did you not hear what I said 10 seconds ago?  I just said it made my skin RAW!!  When I told him this again, he responded, "Well, you must be applying too much.  It's the gentlest medication there is, so there's nothing else I can give you."  He wrote the prescription and walked out.  I felt so uncomfortable at his chiding and found him to be one of the rudest doctors I've ever experienced.  No one should feel that way when it comes to a professional taking care of your body.  Everyone deserves much more than that.I took his prescription, threw it out, and found another dermatologist who actually listened to my concerns and cleared my acne with another medication that didn't leave me looking like my face was coming off.
5	I went to Dr. Aspacio last week for my ongoing acne issue and he was very helpful.  After reading some bad reviews I was very nervous that he would disappoint but I was very satisfied with the service I received.  The office was very nice and clean, and only 5 minutes from my apartment.  I got an appointment 4 days after I called which was shocking because back in Ohio it usually takes about a month to get an appointment to see a derm.  After he wrote me a couple prescriptions, a nurse came into the room and gave me some great advice on some different products I could use, such as the Clarisonic face brush.  I'm so glad I decided to go to him rather than listen to some of these bad reviews.  I will definitely recommend Dr.Aspacio to anyone looking for a dermatologist and I plan on making another appointment very soon!
5	I will never go anywhere else for my skin care needs. I first found Summerlin Dermatology through my insurance company directory, and seeing that it was fairly close to me, I took a chance. I'm so glad I did! Dr. A is truly an exceptional doctor. Every time I come in, he is attentive, caring and professional. I can have a true dialog about my concerns and he will always tell me the best course of action, even if that course is to do nothing at all. Yes, you read that right- this doctor is very conservative with respect to treatment (in the best possible way) and will not treat an unnecessary issue just to get paid. He cares about what is best for the patient (and he is always right). What a rarity! I feel the best dermatologists are artists at heart, and this is definitely the case with Dr. A. His attention to detail and aesthetics is incredible. My skin has never looked better.Trish, as the reviewer below me so fittingly described, really is a rock star. I can't say enough about her either. She is friendly, funny and always follows up with me to make sure everything is going OK. In fact, every single person on the staff is wonderful, and I always see and hear them talking to each other in a way that you just know they are truly a team. I've never seen such an upbeat, professional office. If you would like a truly wonderful experience, you will not find one better than this. I mean, how many people can actually say they have a great time at their doctor's office? I can!
5	Great 1st experience!!!
5	OK I am new to Vegas, so in my search for a dermatologist I had to rely on the depths of a google search.  This practice showed up like second or third.  So they made the cut of my ever trusting ways in who has been my best friend since I moved to Vegas, Google(It helps me find everything it seems, thank you Android!!). Don't worry Yelp is a close second.  Which brings me to the next step in my filtering of possibles.  The Yelp reviews.  So I ran down the thoughts of my new found friends, fellow yelpers and there were some red flags with this practice, mainly all having to do with the doctors bedside manner or his choice of acne creams.  Well since neither had much to do with my needs, I threw out all reviews older than 2009, who really posts about their experience three years later anyway?? Not to mention the other doctors that showed up on google had some terrible reviews in their midst too!So they got past the the first two rounds so I called them to schedule an appointment. While I had to go thru a maze of phone answering system, I did finally connect to a live person(I prefer having a live person answering right away but no big deal), One week out, not bad, the other doctor couldn't see me until the new year, as he was going out of town, so I said lets book it to them. Glad I did. When I showed up for the appointment it was a quick introduction from the guy at the front and he said I was good because I had already filled out my paperwork online beforehand.  This was awesome as it allowed me to sit down for all of two seconds and then get called in to the back.  It was early, maybe 10 minutes before my scheduled time, bonus points for them!  So I went in for quick talk with the doctor on some of my past skin issues. It was simple quick and to the point.  It is so funny when you have built expectations of what a doctor would be like based on reading reviews here and around other sites.  But he was certainly more personable than I expected and there was no rush.  It made me think even more about all of the reviews I read even on other doctors listings about being rushed. I wondered what their expectations were because everyone that had bad to say about any doctor usually included they felt rushed or the doc was an "on the door handle doctor" rushing to get out of the room.  I mean they do their job and move on, it seems to me people need to be a bit more proactive when they are in a doctors office(sorry off my soap box!). So anyway we took care of our discussion there and then was taken over for my peel evaluation with the med spa folks and they were a riot, everyone was up beat, knew what they were doing and joked around.  It was a fun experience and I am excited to go back, they had obagi blue peel, a double bonus score!  So the doctor was your typical lets talk the facts and get everything covered and the med spa side was all get it done but have lots of fun doing it. Both sides were what you should expect, at least what I expected(actually better than I expected as you never know after reading some of the reviews!) Great experience, and I especially want to thank Tricia and Dr. Aspacio!
5	Exceptional all the way around!  Professionaly and efficiently handled from time that i scheduled my appointment until the end of the service. The Doctor and entire staff were friendly and comforting.  I never felt rushed at all.  A+ all the way around.
1	This is the second time I've visited with Dr. Aspacio.  I actually found him to be friendly and caring on both visits.  Unfortunately, the rest was horrible.   Upon arrival for my first visit I asked the gentleman upfront to please make sure that my insurance would cover everything being done on this visit.  I said, "I'd rather pay cash if it was not clear."  He assured me we were all good and that he would make sure just in case.Well, I had two moles removed and the Dr. was very concerned that they were cancerous.  Right, like UH OH.  He said he'd send the moles in for screening and they would get back to me.  This was at the end of the week and they would call me around Wednesday.  OK so I've had tests like these that made me nervous waiting a couple of days (thank God they all came back good)  Anyway, I'm a little nervous over the weekend.  Wondering what I do if I had cancer, etc.  Google searches and such made me feel alright if it was in fact cancer.  Long story short, Wednesday came and NO CALL.  Uh, hello, am I dying???  So I let it go til Thursday, no call.  Friday, no call.  Somehow I had some activity that weekend and it allowed me to sleep OK.  Well finally on Monday I called and said, "can you let me know what my results were?????"  Thinking it was bad news cause they took extra time I was shaking.  The nice lady on the phone said, "they never called you?"  Uh, whaaaat?  "You're fine no cancer."  WHEW...You can't let people worry like that.  Forgetting to call a guy who is waiting on cancer test is NO BUENO.But wait, it gets worse!  Low and behold I get a bill in the mail.  I only check my mail once or twice a week as all my bills are on auto-pay.  Everything else is junk mail.  Thankfully I got this one.  Anyway, I called and just paid it.  I figured the extra procedures made it more money.  So six months later I go in for a regular check-up.  I specificall ask the SAME gentleman at the front desk to make sure this was covered by my insurance as I DO NOT want any bills sent and me miss them.  I'd rather pay cash.  Everyone has been in a situation where you get some bill you thought insuranced covered and it the doctor sends it to collections.  He understood my concerns, apologized for last time and AGAIN assured me that just the office visit would be covered with my copay.  No problem.  They ask me to see their PA instead of the Doctor.  I was like,"NO, I want to see the Doctor.  He saw me before and I'd like to stay under his care." Ok, no problem.  Everything is good, no concerns I schedule to see him in 6 months.  Today, I get a BILL for $12.26!!!!!!!!  I immediately call and ask to speak to someone.  I get transferred to a billing voicemail.  I hit zero.  A nice lady answers and then transfers me to the worst customer service person I've ever encountered.His name is FRANK.  He said he doesn't give out his last name.  I told him exactly what happened and that I was ASSURED by the gentleman up front that this would not happen.  To be clear, the 12.26 is not the issue.  It is the principle of it all.  I could have had my credit marked up over such a small amount of money.This guy could have cared less.  He told me there are signs all over the place and offered to read me the sign over the phone.  Really Frank?  Good attempt at trying to belittle a good customer.  I told him his representative EXPLICITLY ASSURED me DESPITE the signs posted at their reception.  Frank, maybe that's why I made sure to ask him this!!!!  He said his person should have never done this.  I said he did it twice.  And Frank asked me for my credit card number!!!  I said that is awesome customer service.  He said I am on the phone taking this call from an angry customer, that is customer service.  "what else would you like me to do," Frank says.  I said he should honor the words and representations of his employee.  He said he's not authorized to do that and again asked for my credit card.  "and then I'll transfer you to a manager."  Whaaaaaaaaaat?  Frank isn't the manager?  Why I am talking to him?  What's his position?I paid the $12.26 and Dr. Aspacio will lose me as a patient.  Additionally, I own two medical clinics that refers him patients all the time.  This will NEVER happen again.  It is a shame that a decent Doctor surrounds himself with people that cause him to lose patients.  The new world of medicine is coming Dr. Aspacio and with people like Frank working for you those with the ability to choose who they see will NO LONGER be seeing you.Bottom line, I believe he is a good doctor who surrounds himself with HORRIBLE service staff.  I will no longer be coming back and will let everyone I know how RUDE Frank was and that there is a high probability your co-pay would NOT cover the visit.
4	I've been seeing Dr. Aspacio for both medical and cosmetic procedures since 2005. He is friendly, personable, and professional. He successfully treated my cystic acne and other issues and has since helped me navigate the overwhelming options of cosmetic dermatology. I see him for both botox and fillers, and I would describe him as an artist. He strives for a natural, refreshed look- nothing that will make you look "done." If you like that filled, crazy cheekbones and lips look, do not go here, he will say no. His cosmetic treatment manager, Trish, is fabulous, and is happy to book your appointments and answer any questions you have directly by email. She also lets me know when there are specials and helps me save money where I can. The only reason I am not giving this office 5 stars is because his other office staff could be more polished- but they get the job done and I've never had any issues. And when it comes down to it, I go here to see and get work done by the artist himself, Dr. Aspacio, regardless of anything else. Go see him you will not be disappointed!
4	I went to SD for my yearly skin cancer screening. They offer many services that have to do with hair and skin. The waiting room was very modern, the comfy chairs and TV helped pass the time. My wait time from check in to seeing the dr. was over 30 mins, but I understand. I would rather the dr. take his time when seeing his patients. Dr. Aspacio was friendly and had a good sense of humor. He examined me from head to toe and reminded me to cover up, wear sunscreen, and to check my skin each month for any changes that I may notice. I will see him next year for my screening.
5	The "team " at Summerlin Dermatology is just that..A team .. a team that works together and provides consistency in their care..from the greeting at the door to the follow up calls after the appointment. Dr. Aspacio is friendly, honest and I always feel well taken care of.
3	Came in for my yearly cancer screening. Booking an appointment and the wait was fine, nothing troublesome. The doctor was very thorough in advising on how to better take care of my skin and checked through all areas for any spots for trouble. I was able to sit down with their skin care expert to talk about any products to use; she even gave me some samples to try. Overall, a pleasant and easy experience at the doctors -- my only qualm is that it seems like I was being pushed to buy products to fix trouble spots on my body. (Pimple, itchy area, etc)
5	This is the most professional and friendly doctor's office I have seen west of the Mississippi.  The staff is patient and helpful, friendly, and doesn't make you feel like you are bothering them.   My daughter was treated for her psoriasis and was in and out in 15 minutes with samples in hand and a lab test authorization in hand.  The return visit was just as warm and friendly and another 15 minute visit this time with more samples and prescription on its way by mail. Not to mention it is next to Nothing Bundt Cakes and Le Belle Terre so if you do have to wait, you have good food to occupy your time!
4	I was a bit hesitant coming here, reading other peoples reviews. I had sunspot that I was worried about and in the past I have been to other skin cancer clinics to have my annual checkups, but I was looking for a doctor that would be a little more personable. When I setup my apt, I was advised that they had a form I could fill out online to save time, so I did. Thus when I got there, I was in and out in under 30 minutes. I had a full body check and he checked everywhere and anywhere I had a concern he told me what it was. The only bad thing that came of my visit was that I have to wear more sunscreen on my face... I hate that stuff.. so oily.
5	I called the office, frantic, because out of nowhere, my face started acting funny and I'm leaving town to get married in a few days.  As a new patient, I figured I probably won't be able to get an appointment with the Dr. for a few weeks.  The super nice and helpful receptionist told me they would see me right away!!  I rushed over there from work, filled out some paperwork, and waited a couple minutes before they called me back.  Dr. saw me right away.  He sat down with me and we talked about what may be causing the redness, peeling, and itchiness of my skin.  He sent me off with some cream to help calm my skin down before my wedding, and I was told to come back after the wedding so we can run some tests to figure out the root cause of all this.I just want to thank Dr. Reuel Aspacio and the rest of the staff for seeing me at such short notice.  The staff is so friendly and is so willing to help and is so accommodating.  I'm so glad I finally found a dermatologist I know I can keep going back to for my skin needs.
2	Incredibly disappointed. The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is because the place was clean and staff were friendly. I paid $80 copay for my visit, the doctor diagnosed me by very briefly glancing at my problem and since I am pregnant he can't prescribe me anything so I just need to get over the counter medication. I asked if there are any ways for me to encourage healing like epsom salt soaks to which he replied that he "doesn't know much about epsom salt". I tried to get at least a little more information and ways to soothe as I am desperately itchy, he just shrugged his shoulders and repeated that I need to get over the counter medication. Thanks for nothing, next time I'll go directly to Dr. Walmart instead of wasting my time and money on "professional services".
5	I decided it was time to get a thorough skin evaluation. I did my research and found that Dr. Aspacio was considered one of the best, so I made my appointment. The forms are all on line and easy to complete. My appointment was first thing in the morning, I arrived early to take care of the insurance business and settled into my chair, about 20 minutes later I was called to the back, since I was getting a yearly all over skin evaluation I had to put on the paper gowns. Feeling a little vulnerable, I waited another five minutes and Dr. Aspacio came in, very good bedside manner, puts you right at ease. He did his thing, prescribed some cream and set up to see me in two weeks. Overall, good experience. Office staff friendly and helpful.
1	Thanks to the rudeness and unprofessional behavior of the billing staff, Summerlin Dermatology has lost my business.  I spoke with Ann and Trish both over the phone and they showed me no respect and had very poor customer relation skills.  They both talked down toward me and were not receptive to my problem with the billing of their services.I had been going to that office for a number of years but thanks to this recent experience I will no longer honor that business.  These two reflect very poorly on the doctor who I was happy with.
5	I am what you could call "good for business." As a professional makeup artist with chronic cystic acne spanning more than a decade, I am both knowledgeable about the available treatments and very involved in my own skin care routine. I (nearly) spare no expense when it comes to my face, and will routinely opt for the best possible care available. Aside from the emotional consequences of suffering with such horrific acne, there is my professional appearance as a beauty pro to consider. That is what Dr. Aspacio provides- of course, with his pal Trish. I've been a patient of Summerlin Dermatology since before Dr. Aspacio started gracefully going gray. He's seen me multiple times before I finally caved and went on Accutane- twice. He's watched me bawl my eyes out over frustration with my skin. I am on a first-name basis with the front desk and can nearly always secure a same-day appointment for emergencies. It's been a long time coming, but since I started seeing Dr. A more than half a decade ago, my skin has finally cleared up for the most part. He's had me on everything from spironolactone to Retin A to Obagi, I've gotten chemical peels from his in-house aesthetician, had him perform a series of DermaRoller treatments. He's given me cortisone shots, helped me out with some emergency scripts, called me out when I was being over zealous, and I've left his office more than once with Bandaids on my face as he tirelessly waged war against my helpless skin. I finally have a regimen now that keeps my face clear for the most part. Only once in a blue moon do I have to pop in for a quick emergency shot to dissolve a cyst. Trish emails me once in a while to see how I'm doing. But I'm certain that before this decade is through, I'll be back in his chair to wage war on a different kind of problem- wrinkles.Dr. Aspacio, if you ever read this, thanks for hanging in there with me! Going into your office is bittersweet- I"m obviously in there for some kind of crisis, but at least I know I'm in good company.
1	In response to the doctors comments...The reason for the poor rating is because of the rudeness of your staff.  In addition, they were the ones that were wrong with the information they gave me originally.  Also, she did not offer for me to come to the office, that was my idea and she resisted..."she's busy"....again, rude, inconsiderate and poor customer relations.  I still have yet to receive the breakdown of the billing as requested that day.
5	Dr. Aspacio is the best dermatologist in town; he is also a wonderful man. He speaks/connects with you like you're an actual human being (rather than churning you in and out like many doctors do)... and he will give you honest, educated advice on your skin. He is immediately trustworthy and likeable.The office is very nice as well-- super clean, modern, professional, spa-like. The receptionists are lovely and helpful, too.I've only had great experiences here, and I highly recommend this office. :)
5	Best ever! I've been with this team for almost 15 years! I see him when I had skin emergencies in the past and he fixed them I immediately . The front desk girls and guy have always been personable and very kind to me. I'm on Obagi Nu Derm and this is my 3rd cycle. I love the results. I do other spa treatments there and Sherri is THE best! I only trust her and Dr A with my skin in Vegas. Thank You for being there for me through all the times and changes. I love the new Sahara location as well, it has an upscale spa feel to it and it's right next to Nothing Bundt Cakes.:)They do have monthly specials on products and services so please do inquire. They also can recommend great products to use at home on your own as to regimens as well.
1	Overrated, from one little issue I had with billing nobody would take responsibility, management don't make any of their employees accountable for their mistakes, and gives you the rounds. Completely unhappy and will not recommend it, stay away from this people. Too bad the building and the area are nice.
5	Dr. Reuel Aspacio is an amazing, caring, and professional dermatologist. He utilizes best practices and maintains an ethical professionalism unmatched in Las Vegas. His staff Trish and all are fantastic. My partner and I have seen him for over 2 years and I highly, highly recommend Dr. Aspacio! He changed our lives significantly with high quality dermatology services. We had tried many Dermatologists in Vegas and found Dr. Aspacio to be the best. The office is beautiful and very pleasing.... much nicer then most in Vegas!
3	It was my first time at this Dermatologist. I won't be returning. The doctor was fine. He did his job & was professional. I wish he could have been friendlier, but that's not my issue.The main reason I will be switching dermatologists is because of his office staff. When I first walked in, I was very put off by the 2 women working the front desk & one other employee who was standing there. They were rude, didn't acknowledge me & I felt like they did not want to help me. Maybe they were tired/cranky since it was still relatively early in the morning. However, bottom line is when I go to the doctor, I am not going to put up with a staff that makes me feel like an annoyance/inconvenience.
5	This place is amazing! Reuel is very helpful and knows what he's doing. It feels like everyone here genuinely cares about you, which is what any patient should feel with their physician.I highly recommend this facility and Reuel Aspacio to anyone else seeking this type of service.
5	From the moment I entered the building I was impressed. The facility is warm and welcoming, the receptionist was friendly, and the doctor helped me with an ongoing problem I have had since childhood. There were many failed attempts in the past with other practices and methods and I can't thank Summerlin Dermatology enough for giving me my life back.
1	I went there for dr aspacio and he's a good doctor. Unfortunately their staff is rude, inconsistent and cannot provide good service to all the patients. I thought i would stick to this clinic but now i'm never going back and i never want to deal with their nurses and staff!! They completely ruined my day and left this clinic with a bad taste in my mouth!!
5	My husband's been a patient of Dr. Aspacio for a few years, so when I needed a dermatologist for one of those "sores that don't heal," I figured I'd give him a try.  I was very impressed.  Dr. Aspacio has a warm, friendly manner, and doesn't give you the rush job.  He removed that nasty spot right away, without having me make another appointment.I had to return when the results indicated further surgery.  He patiently explained the various options.  One of the available techniques required a referral to a different dermatologic surgeon, but Dr. Aspacio wasn't pressuring me to stick with him, though ideally, that's what I wanted to do.  But he willingly gave me the referral to the other guy.When it comes time for my next dermatology crisis, there is no doubt that I'll return to Dr. Aspacio - for his bedside manner, winning personality, honesty, and most of all, his competence.
5	I have been a patient with Dr. Aspacio for over a year now and have been pleased. I use to sweat profusely throughout random times of the day regardless of temperature or activity I was engaged in and no longer have that problem. The facility is modern and welcoming and the staff members are friendly. There are times throughout the day where it can take a bit longer to see the doctor but the wait time has never been outrageous.
5	I actually like coming here,you feel comfortable and their workers are friendly (: when you call to make appointments or fix any sort of problem they're not rude at all (:.
1	I don't recommend this place , rude doctor , unprofessional , I'm so mad I couldn't wait longer to give my feedback about the doctor . Pay 30$ to be treated like sh****
1	If I could I would give this office no stars!! I was attempting to make an appointment for my daughter who is suffering from Alopecia Areata. I have never experienced such a rude and snobby attitude from a medical office receptionist before. Right away there was an unfriendly tone in her voice when she answered the phone - and when I explained what I was trying to book an appointment for, her response was very snooty and she responded back with " well you won't be seen for like 4 weeks." Now I understand that this office may be booking out that long - but there are way more nicer and professional ways to convey this information. I responded with "that's ok" against my better judgement to hang up, because my daughter is in need of medical care. I gave her my info - patient name - DOB - my name and phone number - she asked for our member insurance number and then in a harsh voice "what kind of insurance do you have anyway", I replied that I have blue shield of nevada HMO - and her voice switch to a even more rude condescending tone (if that could even be possible) , and replied " Oh no no we do not take HMO's - we only take PPO's  - and even if we did take your type of HMO. you would need a referral first. I told her that I did know that and that we were indeed referred ( and we subsequently we did receive a letter of approval from the insurance)  and the MD office gave me their phone number and said to call them for an appointment. Now this is where I became even more upset - the receptionist then said "No. No..you do not call us to make an appointment - you have to wait for us to call you ok - we call you - do you understand?"( why yes lady on the other end of the phone I do understand - I mean I am speaking English to you as well!!!!!) What I wanted to ask her was how would I have known to call or not if I didn't call their office? I did ask if they received some type of fax regarding my daughter,  and without so much as taking a break to look she quickly responded with No they never received anything. Now -  I have worked the front office of a medical clinic before and I've worked in the back office as well, and coming from that experience, I am very well aware that this is not acceptable phone etiquette. I was a bit put off. Then she asks for patient info again as if she never took it down in the first place. After she gets all of that info - and I attempt to ask her about something else - she repeats that I am not to call the office - but I would have to wait until she were to call me. And then the call ended. I am not accustomed to this type of rudeness from a patients end and nor have I seen this from a medical standpoint. It makes me wonder if all the staff and medical staff are like this. (Since I wasn't given the opportunity to see for myself - I would hope they are not) I have since made an appointment with Thomas Dermatology - and the staff there was great. They did everything that I would expect from a medical office - asked me nicely and professionally for my daughters info as well as mine, and informed me of their procedures regarding my insurance. This is how a medical practice front office staff should be. Unfortunately, this is not what I experienced with Summerlin Dermatology.
5	I am a very happy and loyal patient  - love Doc and his practice manager Trish. I went the first time for a Botox touch-up and Doc suggested that I try a little in some different spots other that just between my eyes and I did. Looks so much more natural and subtle than just a big dose in the forehead I'd been getting. I also got my first filler from Doc and it turned out great. He didn't try to puff up my whole face, which is why I had been hesitant to try filler before. Just gave me an honest opinion on where I could try a little filler to see how I liked it (was my idea to try it - they don't try to hard sell you on anything). It turned out great and Doc really takes his time figuring out where to put it and explaining the intended result. In sum, I high recommend if you want a caring and skilled team who will look out for the best result for you. Trish always follows up on me and she's as awesome as Doc too, which is an added bonus.
5	I would like to thank Dr Auspacio and his staff.  Sometime back I was treated for Alopecia.  It was one of the most frightening health scare I have ever experienced.  My regular physician did not know how to treat my condition and recommended another dermatologist.  Never went back to that office as my first visit was with an assistant.  Poorly run and unprofessional.  Found Dr Auspacio and am ever so glad.  His treatment worked and my hair is back to normal.  Staff and doctor was always professional and friendly.  Thank you Dr Auspacio and your team.
