4	Everyone is very friendly & welcoming and they don't try to "upsell" you as much as some other places.  They always give me a bottle of water too, which is a nice touch.  Will continue coming here for sure.
4	The owners and staff are excellent...service is top notch.  I am now a regular based on quality of work and customer service.
5	I don't want anyone to know so this has to be between just us. But I love going here - I've been going for years. The owners are wonderful, accommodating, caring and funny! They have newer chairs and the staff is great. I'm always happy with every treatment.
5	I needed to update my last review because it was fairly brief and things have changed! I went in last Sunday for a gel mani and pedi and was surprised with a HOT ROCK Pedi! I wasn't quite sure how it would work as I've had a hot rock massage and they just lay them on your spine/back. Instead you get a massage with the rocks and lotion/oil which are a wonderful temperature. When they are finished they brought out steamed towels pure relaxation super soft skin. My legs were sore from skiing the past week and the massage was heaven and a great surprise The mani was very good went from dark blue to sheer pale pink with no problems. I've been getting gel nails since before Christmas and my nails are growing long and are very healthy. They can get so weak with the gel removal but it has been great. As usual everyone was super friendly, they had all the up-to-date gossip mags and bottles of water. Lovely way to spend a Sunday afternoon!
5	One of the best local nail salons I've been to. Very friendly, do nice work, take their time, communicate well, got me in right away on a Friday afternoon, and took the time to understand what I wanted (I had a special nail painting request). This is my second time here and both experiences have been great!
5	Even though I moved back to Gilbert, I still drive up to this shop in QC to get my pedicures and brow waxing. The owners are very friendly and the staff knows just the right amount of conversation to make so it's not awkward. I trust very few with my eyebrows but Lindsay is the best. Highly recommend this place for a relaxing pedicure and brow wax!
4	I have tried several nail salons in the Queen Creek area, and this is by far my favorite.  First, I like that they are not pushy.  Even though they offer a range of services, if you only want a pedicure, then that's fine with them.  The staff go out of their way to make you comfortable, and the prices are reasonable.  I have seen customers from 18 to 75 there, and everyone is satisfied.  I will continue to be a customer.
5	Have been to many salons and give each one a fair shake;  different techs.,  days, and time of visits. This salon stands apart simply because they are truly interested in your continued business. Husband and wife team own the salon and employ a grest group of talented techs.  They offer you water upon your arrival,  look you squarely in the eye and smile.  For me,  that alone goes above and beyond the other salons that move you through like a number.  However,  the owners walk around cleaning, making conversation with clients,  and making everyone feel welcome.  Love this salon!! P.S. Starbucks next door makes the location a def. perk.
5	This is the only place I will go too when getting a mani or pedi. The owners are very nice and the staff is friendly. Very clean and they will even offer you bottled water for free. The pedis come with a hot stone massage that is fabulous. Give them a try and you won't regret it!
5	I love Queen Creek Nails! My family has been going here for years, they have the best employees! Outstanding customer service. Other salons don't compare to this one(: they don't try and up-sell you and it's always quality work. I also love the hot rock pedicure.
4	I'm new to the Mesa area pedicure scene, but I am not new getting my nail care on!This place is fabulous! I am very glad I listened to my friend and chose here to get our nail care on, one of her favourtie places.The owner is very friendly and goes around to each guest to greet them, offer bottled water, and ask how their service is going. I really love this attention he gives to his customers!!!What I like about this shop, is you can order add ons which you do not typically get in Seattle, where I am from.  Of course, I ordered the sugar scrub add on which was great! My technician, Adam, did a wonderful job on all parts of his job from massage, scrub, trimming. And with each pedicure comes a FREE hot stone massage!Prices were well reasonable.The only draw back for me, was the medium nail chemical smell which is one of my testers for nail places.
5	My 81-year old mom got her nails done at Queen Creek Nails and Spa for the 12 years she lived in Gilbert, AZ. The technicians knew her by name and treated her with such tender loving care. She truly felt special every time she went there. She recently moved back to Louisiana, and I hope she can find a place half as wonderful as Queen Creek Nails and Spa. Thank you, Queen Creek Nails and Spa for taking such good care of my mom, Mables nails AND her heart. This daughter is grateful!
5	I've struggled to find a good place in Gilbert so I sought this out of the way place out after seeing good reviews. I'm happy to report all is true! Friendly greeting and they offered me a bottle of water as soon as I arrived. It had been awhile since my last manicure so I took a lot of work, but they lady did excellent. Took the time to trim my cuticles and my gel polish looks awesome! Would highly recommend :) Looking forward to a pedi next time, their massage chairs looked great!UPDATE: Their pedi chairs, while they do offer a decent massage, are SO uncomfortable. My butt still hurts from sitting in them earlier this morning :( And I have a lot of cushion if you know what I mean lol... I will definitely go back for the gel mani, but I'll skip the pedi. $60 for both gel mani and pedi w/ callus remover
5	I had the best gel manicure with Mona today at Queen Creek Nails & Spa.  I had been to a different salon and it was the worst ever (thin application) and when I spoke to Mona, she assured me she would do her best.  AND DID SHE EVER!!!  She took the time to repair my ravaged cuticles, evened out the nails and really worked to make my hands look beautiful!  Highly recommend Mona and the whole team at Queen Creek Nails & Spa!!!
5	I had a very nice pedicure! Great service at very affordable price. This is by far the best nail salon I've ever been to. Everything was awesome!And I love their acrylic colors too. Jay did my nail and pedicure. He did wonderful job, best massage ever.Will definitely come back .
2	I went here based on the reviews.  I just moved from the north Valley. My pedicure was good.  But I've had better. It looks pretty but for the basic pedi it really was that... basic.  My nails on the other hand I am not happy with.  Their website says they do liquid gel nails, the lady tried to talk me in to doing acrylic because she "doesn't like" to do liquid.  I told her no.  She pulls out the gel and then proceeds to do my nails.  She burned me with the file 7 times then laughed,   and without bring too wordy she did not know what she was doing.  My nails look descent but they were done poorly.  I will drive back yo my old salon.  I am a stay at home, homeschooling Mom with 4 kids.  Getting my nails done is the only thing I do for myself  and I only to it every 6-8 weeks.  I deserve to love them.
5	The staff here is always very friendly. They always make you feel welcome and do a great job with their nail services. I haven't done any waxing so I can't speak to that but I am always pleased with my nails. I brought my entire bridal party here for mani/pedis before my wedding and we all had a great time.
5	This was my first adventure to Queen Creek Nails with a girlfriend. We both got pedi's & mani's. Anna was my nail tech and she was an absolute delight! She was very professional and friendly. We will definitely be returning for our next round of pampering.
5	As a performer, it's really important for me to keep up with my appearance. I like to keep my nails pretty and I'm constantly looking for interesting things to do with them. I have been to many nail salons, but this is the only place I will go! My technician Jay is amazing  - he  is always willing to try new designs with me  and keeps my fingers and toes looking beautiful. The whole staff is friendly and helpful.  I know that I will always have a great experience here.
5	Been going here for years. A great place!
5	Update: Had a pedicure and shellac manicure today with Lillian....what an amazing specialist and perfectionist she is.  She made my tired feet look beautiful and my worn out by gardening hands look stunning.  Will keep coming back again and again as they are true professionals and truly care about their clients!!!!
5	I love this place! I have been going to Qieen Creek Nails for 4 years now and they have always been wonderful to me and their clientele. I can get my nails done or a pedicure without an appointment and they do a great job on my designs I like on my toes also.....that's hard to find! They are so friendly and down to earth and they don't nickel and dime you on everything.
5	This is the best nail salon I've ever been to. They do a fantastic job and are the friendliest people ever. Love the pedicures and love that a hot rock massage is standard!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Queen Creek Nails & Spa! I have been coming here for years and I love their service! My nails always come out cute! And not to mention how friendly the staff is they are so welcoming they make you feel like part of the family! I would recommend them to anyone! Their pricing is so reasonable I love it! My nail tech Larry is my favorite! He always puts up with my crazy designs that I bring in for him to do! And he always makes them look just like the picture! Thanks Queen Creek Nails & Spa! Always a satisfied customer
5	Most beautiful pedicure I've ever had! My technician, Anna, took my original idea and painted a piece of art on my toes. She was thoughtful, detailed and creative. Plus the hot stone massage was wonderful - such a great perk!
