5	Fired Pie just opened today.  Chock full of happy friendly employees on their first day of work.As they describe it...and it basically is...a pizza/salad version of Chipotle.  $7.75 gets you a pizza loaded with (literally) as many toppings as you want.  They have 6 types of cheese, 6 types of sauce, 10 meats, 14 veggies, and fresh herbs to choose from.  You go down the line and pick what you want and they load up your pizza in front of you.The pizza crust is super thin, and my pizza was in and out of the oven (and on my table) in under 3 minutes.  There was no line when I got there so I have no idea how quick you'll get your pizza if there's a crowd.  I came at lunch, and there were 3 other patrons there at the time.Seems like a pretty user friendly way to pick up a quick custom pie if that is what you are looking for.  My total lunch with a drink came to over ten bucks, so it's not an everyday budget lunch type of place.They also offer custom salads for the same $7.75.As far as the pizza goes, all of the ingredients were super fresh (well...it is opening day) and the pizza tasted great.  If you are a fan of thin crust, then this place might be for you.  The crust cooks up to a nice crisp, but not too crisp texture.  I'd characterize the tomato sauce on the sweet side, not spicy at all, so I'll definitely wnt to spice it up with some spices next time.The first visit is probably a little bit overwhelming with all of the choices, and I wonder if this place might suffer from the same problem that Chipotle does, when it gets crowded, it's basically a single-file production line that can bog down if someone in line has a big order or is indecisive.  I had performance anxiety and basically ordered my typical stand by for pizza, most exotic thing I got on it was buffalo chicken.  Next time I'll be more adventurous.
5	OUT-STANDING!  This is 11" of awesomeness, your own custom pizza pie, created with excellent ingredients, cooked in record time (3.5 minutes they say, which is about what it took), served with a smile.  At $7.75 per pie, no matter how many toppings you add, it's a screaming bargain considering the overall quality of the ingredients and finished product.  I had a fairly basic Hawaiian job for my first taste, and it RULED.  I'll get a bit more adventurous moving forward - there are so many ingredients available, which you can add or mix to your stomach's desire.  The pie was just the right size to handle my very large appetite.  The beverage selection was great - the usual array of sodas, plus 4 different types of fresh-brewed iced tea, and even what appeared to be fresh lemonade.  This was only Day 3, and the owners were chatting up all the customers, wanting to make sure everyone was happy, and clearly know exactly what they're doing and how to be successful.  This is a great concept, executed perfectly.  Fired Pie immediately shoots to the top of the office lunch rotation.  Trust me, fellow Yelpers, this is the real deal.  Head over to Fired Pie at warp speed and give it a try - you won't regret it!
5	Wow! What a great place!  To be brutally honest, I was expecting a mediocre pizza, produced with a very interesting business idea, being that I could build it myself. I couldn't have been more wrong.  The quality of everything they offered was top notch.  Furthermore, the staff was very helpful and friendly.  I will be going back ASAP.
5	These guys just opened and have a killer idea.  Custom pizza's while you wait, and they are very good!!!They were also kind enough to donate their Grand Opening proceeds to Chandler Gilbert Arc.  This shows not only great pizza at a great price ($7.75 for 11" pie), but also a terrific sense of community-mindedness.  We will definitely be back!!  Thank You!!Billy ParkerExecutive Director for Chandler Gilbert Arcwww.cgarc.org
1	Hmmm. Bait and switch? Got a flier from a representative from this place and they won't honor their advertisement. It's says that you get a custom pizza and salad made from scratch all at a respectful price of 7.75 I thought that was a great deal until I called and the guy who answered said it was either or not for both. Sucks because I heard that their pizza is not bad but I'm not going to spend my hard earned money at a place that won't honor their mistakes. Good luck Fired Pie.
5	The best thing about this place is the quality  and freshness of the ingredients. Pizza was surprisingly delicious. My girlfriend loves that they offer fresh mozzarella and spicy sausage. I was impressed by their overall customer service and friendliness. We've been here twice in the past week, and each time our pizza was great. Customizing your own pizza for one low price of $7.75 is unheard of, especially given the quality. I Will definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves pizza. Try it out and don't be shy to add multiple toppings, it's only $7.75 regardless of how many toppings you choose.
5	I love a custom food joint! Everything is made to order! A friend of mine split a salad and a pizza and it was the perfect lunch! The custom pizza is an awesome deal - all the toppings you want for 7.75... What an amazing deal! I'll be back... A lot!
5	love this place so much!!! the owner is so kind and all the workers make the best pizza i've ever had. hope this place goes big because the idea is great and their product is delicious!!! 7.75 for an 11" pizza is a steal! def recommend for pizza lovers and all you hungry peeps :)
5	So glad I live right down the street!  Delicious, fresh, made-to-order pizza. I hope they stick around for a long time.
5	Great Pizza and great Salad too. We always stop by when in the area. We are from Maricopa and sometimes we travel all the way there to get our fix.  They have a great product and reasonable prices. customer service is great and they always seem to have so many people there working. I hope they do well and stay for a looong time.
4	Fired Pie is a cute little make-your-own thin crust pizza place, where you go down the line and add toppings as you go (like at a Chipotle's).  The pizzas are 11" or personal sized, and for $7.75 with unlimited toppings you can't beat the price. Also since they're thin crust, it only takes about 5 minutes for the pizzas to come out of the oven and to your table or in a to-go box. The only trouble is that this place is tucked away in the corner of a strip mall, and sits right next to a Paradise Bakery and a Qdoba's. So parking can be a little tough at certain times of the day.
5	Sooo good! The crust is super thin just how I like it. Great concept. So many options to choose for your pizza! I'm addicted!
4	Overall, my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our experience here. The pizzas were excellent, we were satisfied with our salad (not bad, but not amazing... It's a salad) and the staff was on point. I noticed the manager and staff members "table touching". The ordering/payment location is a bit crammed, I bet it's annoying when they are busy. The other thing I saw people struggling with is whether they sit at a table or order from the counter. Nothing is clearly marked, not everyone has common sense. We'll definitely be back.!
4	Good simple fresh. Not ny style. Be careful cause it looks wood fired and that tends to make very crispy pizza. I asked to make mine not too crispy. Comes o ut qu I c k.  Worth a try
4	Really great! Delicious and fresh pizza, low prices, friendly employees, definitely recommend it for good quick pizza!
5	First time here. Pizza is super yummy.  Kind of reminds me of Chipotle in that you make your own pizza at the window and they cook it. Crust is light thin crust...yummy!!! Lots a ways to make a pizza...I had Italian meaty...very meaty!
5	Great place and great prices! Very happy with the service and the pizza was awesome. Very impressed with how fast you guys were able to keep up with all the orders! cant wait to go back
5	This place is awesome. I've been here a few times a week since it opened and everything I've tried is amazing. Cheap, fast and perfect pies.
5	My daughter and I really wanted Grimaldi's but didn't want to drive that far (or spend that much).  We thought we would give this a try hoping it would be a good compromise.  We both ordered the tomato basil and I added spinach while my daughter added bacon and pepperoni.   Everyone working was very nice and pleasant but they didn't quite seem to have the best system figured out yet.  The guy putting the sauce and cheese on didn't tell the next guy what I ordered so the basil was skipped on both our pizzas.  No big deal, I will just pay more attention next time.  The first guy I ordered with noticed it after they cooked and offered to fix it but I insisted it wasn't a big deal.  I appreciated the fact he said something (most people probably wouldn't say anything).Now for the pizza.... OMG this was really really good!  And I mean really good!  The ingredients tasted really fresh and the pizza was a really good size.  Without a doubt we will be back and I will be telling friends and co-workers about it.
5	Great new place for gourmet pizzas ! Absolutely loved the assortment of toppings you can build the pizza with. Have always been looking for a place like this and finally got one ! And they are affordable too.. Just $7.75 (any pizza) !!
5	I dig this place. I love the thin crust crispy deliciousness and this place fits the bill. They have a variety of prepared recipes and you can create your own masterpiece if you choose. There are a lot of different sauce and topping options. They have fresh mozzarella and several other kinds of cheese. For an eight dollar pizza you can't do better than this. Not in this town, anyway. They also have four different kinds of brewed iced tea. which is cool.Check it out. I don't think you'll be disappointed.Don't forget to order it extra crispy!
5	Wow excellent pizza, highly recommended. You're gonna like this place, excellent service, nicely priced!
5	I was tasked with catering a group lunch for 12 people with a very small budget. I chose Fired Pie as everyone could order their own personal pizza or salad. I sent the menu out to all, and then collected the orders and emailed them to the general email (info@firedpie.com) and with a short time received a personalized response from Fred at the Raintree Ranch location confirming my order. When I arrived at the store, the pizzas were just coming out of the oven and were being boxed individually with our names on the boxes (made it SOOO easy for me!). The pizza stayed crispy for my 10 minute drive back to the office and everyone commented on how fresh and delicious the pizzas were. I will definitely order Fired Pie for a group lunch again. The cost was less than $9 a person and most people had leftovers. YUM!
5	Yum Yum Yum!  Your own custom personal pizza in minutes!  Loved the crust, loved the selection of toppings and the customer service was great!
5	My brother and I stumbled into this place randomly and it was amazing fresh pizza. They havr so many toppings and truly let you customize to make it your perfect pie. The pizza was amazing and I plan on going back soon for sure.
5	This is a heavy rotation item on the revolving wheel of locations on my "eat lunch with coworkers" list. I like the concept. Sorta like Chipotle for pizza. You can make your pizza exactly as your heart desires. You choose all your ingredients and they bake the pizza for you. As far as I recall, no matter what you add, price doesn't change. Lately I've actually been getting less ingredients because it is a lot of food for one sitting. Crust is really thin. Sometimes it gets a little burnt but for the most part they got it right the dozen or so times I've been here. Management even bent over backwards a few times I've been here when a coworker's pizza didn't come out exactly the way they ordered it. The idea is pretty damn good and I would be very surprised if they don't open more locations in the near future. Located in the Raintree Ranch mall at the southeast corner of Ray and North Price Road in a clusterfork of a mall designed by dyslexic insomniacs on peyote. I've been to the same location once before in it's previous life as Luke's Of Chicago with the same bunch of coworkers who all decided that the food was pretty much meh except for their onion rings - which were awesome. Unfortunately onion rings alone couldn't keep the place in business - but that's actually a win for the rest of us as well as for the folks who work at that Fired Pie location. :)
5	Hands down one of the best pizzas I've ever had, and only 7.75 for a "11 with all the toppings you want?!
4	I really enjoy the concept, really LOVE the simplicity, and am comfortable with the price.  Give it a try.  If you like thin pizza - you'll love this crust!
5	So there is this amazing pizza place called Pizza Press outside of Disneyland. It is one of my must haves when I visit. Imagine my joy when I walked into Fired Pie with the same concept and deliciousness but without the almost 400 mile drive!The toppings are fresh and choices are plentiful so even the picky eater can find something. The reg tomato pizza sauce isnt spicy and it isn't sweet ( if I want sweet I will buy dessert!!). The only thing is to tell them is to not over cook the pizza cuz it can easily get charred. If you arent a pizza person or need more than just pizza, the salads aren't to be missed. I ordered just a plain ceasar salad and it was awesome!  The lettuce was crisp and fresh. They didn't overpower it with either cheese or dressing. It wasn't premade and dumped in a bowl or packaging to just serve up. Another plus is that it is definitely big enough to share if you are with someone and you are each having a pizza.All said and done, this is a place that I hope stays in the neighborhood for years to come!
4	I have eaten at two locations now, this one and Park Central in downtown Phoenix. It's an amazingly simple concept, you custom build a pizza (think Chipotle) and it comes out of the oven in about 5 minutes. The toppings are fresh and good quality, and I really like the super-thin crust.I miss Luke's of Chicago, which used to occupy this space, but the wonderful pizza is helping me get over the loss. A solid 4 star rating!
5	Went for lunch today. Arrived about 11:15 only one other table in the store when we arrived. Staff was friendly and prompt. Ordered our pizzas and sat down. No lemon slices for water which was a disappointment.Pizza arrived about 10 minutes after sitting down. Very good crisp crust and toppings. Restaurant was full by 11:45 when we were leaving. For 16.00 lunch for two Great price. We will return again
5	Being from NYC I was skeptical to try the pizza. The cool thing, for one decent price, you make it the way you want walking them through the process. I had pesto sauce,  reg. mozzarella,  buffalo mozzarella,  fontina, spinach and kalamata olives. It was delicious. One of the best I've eaten west of NYC. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
4	very good
4	I am vegetarian and this place  is good for veggie guys too. They will  make custom pizza as per your test. I like it.
5	Went to lunch around 2:00 with a friend. We ordered a pizza and a salad to share. They split the salad for us in the kitchen. My friend accidentally ordered the wrong salad and the manager said he'd make her a new one. It was her fault, not his but he did the right thing and made his customer happy. Pizza was delicious too. We had the pesto chicken pizza, southwest salad and steak/blue cheese salad.  All were yummy.  Will definitely come back.
5	Very very very good pizza.  I picked what I wanted on it, they slapped it on there and tossed it into the oven, all in front of me.  5-10 mins later it's in my hand, then chronologically in my mouth and stomach.I am definitely coming back here.
5	Must try! Great concept, it's like a subway for pizzas. Crisp crust, any toppings and cheeses you want. Then for the price, great value. Def going back for sure.
5	Love it, will be eating there more often. Great vibe, clean and friendly. You can make your own pizza, enough said!
5	I was on my way to Qdoba which used to be next to this place but it went out of business. Not wanting to drive anywhere else I decided to give Fired Pie a try and wow am I glad I did. the ingredients are great I got the Italian pizza and you can choose it you want it spicy or mild which I thought was great. And it baked super fast too I really like the oober thin crust. This may very well be my new favorite pizza place. I went in for lunch Monday as well that's how much I liked it haha.my only complaint is that I wish they had more seating, the inside seating can get pretty full really fast especially during the lunch rush. And there is a minimal amount of outside seating.
4	Hot diggity folks, I loved lunch here today!  1st time visitor, I tagged along with a group of guys from work, and was really pleased.  I had a bbq hawaiian pizza, and a soft drink and it was roughly 10 bux for the whole deal.  The pizza was aweome!  Thin crust and delicious, just like I like it.  I already located one closer to home, so I'll definitely be stopping by there with the wife the next time we are on the mood for great pizza.
5	Pesto Chicken is amazing, add some artichoke too. This place is an exciting new find! Look forward to many more visits.
4	Simple, quick, very tasty.  I was skeptical about what the quality would be like with so many meat and cheese choices.  Everything was very good....condiments, cheese, sauce, crust.  What more could you ask for?  This local franchise is gonna soar.My only suggestion is that they need to install a PA system and maybe a number system...the lady delivering the pizzas yelled my name and it happened to sound like my wife yelling at me so I cringed for a quick second.  Yelling out the customer name made the scene seem chaotic when it did not need to be.
3	I love the idea of a pizza place where you can customize your own personal size pizza and have it ready in just a few minutes. Unfortunately, I found it much more appealing in theory than in practice. Going down the assembly line was very chaotic; since they place was so crowded they were really trying to hustle. The counter for the toppings was kind of a mess and I found it a little unappetizing to watch the plastic gloved hands dipping in and out of all of the bins. There was a lot of cross contamination going on. The meats were also not very appealing since they were mostly ground up into a crumble (presumably so it would heat up faster). I did enjoy the capricola ham but my hubby was pretty disappointed in the unidentifiable meat they referred to as "steak". The dining area was equally crowded and messy. There isn't really any organization to the way they have set up the tables and chairs... they are just kind of thrown together in the middle of the room and it is very difficult to maneuver between them. We opted to sit outside but I am sure the booths would be comfy on a day with less people there (not many of those so they were all taken).The pizza was actually pretty tasty but not good enough that I would go out of my way for it. But if I needed a fast food lunch then I'd choose this over a burger place any day. I would not come again for dinner though... it is definitely not a sit down dinner type of place. I may give them another shot after the new restaurant buzz dies down.
4	Good personal pie you create while standing in line (like a gourmet Subway for pizza's).  Also is fun for the kids to create their own pizza pie!  Not the absolute best pizza around, but definitely worth a try.  I will be going back when in the area.
4	Been here twice now and, overall, I'm a fan. They do a good job getting the pizza out quickly but at the right temperature (smart that they use thin crust only). They make sure to know in advance what you're going to put on the pizza so they don't overload it. Price is good.I do agree with some of the reviews, though, that their system for keeping track of everything needs work. I've only been here when there aren't many people, but I can't imagine that having the cashier write down everything on your pizza as you order it is the best way to go.As an aside, when I was here I overheard the owner/manager talking with someone who seemed like a regular. At one point one of them commented: "This is pretty smart. If you don't like your pizza, you only have yourself to blame." I have to say that I kind of agree.
4	Great place for a quick custom pizza!Custom is the key word. You select regular or gluten free crust (unfortunately they only have one size, an 11 inch individual), then you get to pick the sauce (red, white, olive oil / garlic, etc). The selection of toppings is very good (no anchovies, but honestly who orders anchovies on a pizza anyway?). They have the standard pepperoni, sausage, meatball and for the more adventurous salami,  capicola, bacon) and a garden of veggie toppings and cheese.All this and a drink for about $10 and it's ready in less than 10 minutes.Great place for a quick pie!
5	All pizza places seem to feature design your own pizzas, Fired Pie just seems to do it better.You start with a crust (pretty good size for an individual pizza--maybe about 10") and you select your sauce, cheeses (my favorite is the fresh mozzarella), and toppings (meats, vegies, herbs, etc.) from the counter in front of you.  Pay $7.75 and something like 5 minutes later, your pizza is delivered to your table.The best parts are the speed and the fact that the pizza is really quite good.  The worst part is wondering why someone else (like me) didn't think of this concept first.  While the Fired Pie concept is new, I fully expect that there will be several imitators in the not very distant future.  Give this place a try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Here's what I didn't like, Gorgonzola cheese on my pizza.Now, here's what I loved:* customize your own pizza* thin pizzas perfect for lunch* 4 flavors of iced tea* patio seating in the shade* I could TRY Gorgonzola on just a small part of my pizzaHere's the thing, I don't care for Gorgonzola cheese on my pizza, but I didn't have to waste an entire pizza on it. I can try 4 different cheeses and 15 different toppings, a few different sauces and oils and probably (I haven't asked) all on different portions of the same pie!!I'm not going to do it, so let me know if YOU do.
5	what a concept.  What quality.................and all for a VERY FAIR price.  It's the subway of pizza's.you pick your crust, sauce (4-5 kinds) cheeses (5-6 kinds) or have them all.  Choice of about 12 meats (or all) and choices of about 20 vegtables (have them all)  no matter if you order a cheese pizza or a 5 cheese with 10 meats and 5 veges...........the price is still $7.75Owner very engaged.they do the same with salads too.HIGHLY RECCOMMEND,   a MUST
3	The pizza here is servicable.  It is not my favorite, but not bad for what is essentially fast food pizza.  There is a good variety of toppings, and the price is reasonable for what you get.
2	It's just ok.  I think it is too pricey for what you get!  We will not return.
4	Super yummy! The crust is thin enough to not make you feel like you ate too much. Everything looks fresh, and of quality. & it's very inexpensive. Definitely found our new pizza spot!!! Yay!
5	Loveeeee this place!!! It is soooo darn good!!! If u love great pizza and friendly people you will love it here!!!! Check it out!
5	Is this the best pizza in the valley? No, but it is very good. It is a great local place to take the family. We all can pick whatever we want, as much as we want on our pizza. The pizza is cooked quickly and delivered to your table by a friendly employee.The price is reasonable and the service is great. Even when the owner makes your pizza he isn't shy about how much he uses. This is a regular dining place of ours. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	Our new favorite pizza place!!! How can u beat your very own customized pizza made just for u?? With fresh ingredients and anyway you want it?? For under $8 bucks?? Amazing place, they definitely need to expand and take over subways! Lol pizzas are made perfectly with a perfect crust! The dough is not too thick and not too thin just perfect amount to tie the pizza together! Pizzas are bigger than your average "personal sized pizzas" enough for even leftovers! So good!! Love it!!
3	A restaurant that showcases the trend to pizza as fast food in that they have pre-made crusts and ingredients laid out like one might see at Chipolte with first, a number of sauces (from red sauce to olive oil and garlic), a variety of cheeses, including house made mozzarella, then a variety of meat toppings, and then a fairly large selection of vegi toppings. All the pizzas seem to be the same price, no matter how many toppings you want, which is nice, and then they stick it in a blazing hot oven for several minutes and voila, a pizza for one. A pizza like this and a drink is $10.20 - a good concept and it was near where I work or live, I nice work-day lunch option. However, the crust is not quite as crispy as say Pomo's crust (downtown Phoenix) - good but not up to that quality, but it is cheaper by several dollars.I'll admit, I don't do a lot of fast food, either it is sit down or it is generally cook at home so I have a feeling that I'm just not a fan of quick pizza so that is why it is say, a 3 instead of a 4. In addition, when I see pizza I keep thinking a place that serves alcohol, like Fired Pie, should have more than mega-brand beers and should have several local beers on tap. Somehow I just don't want to wash down a pizza with a cheap yellow beer made by some large brewery conglomerate like InBev. I would also like to see some integration of locally made produce and yes, i know, that is not how a business model like this works - it is all about low cost provider but hey, Chipotle seems to do it so this place could as well.If you want a quick, hot, lunch, without too much fuss, this is fine, but to draw me back, some localizing of ingredients would be necessary so I would know I'm not just ordering a pizza, I'm supporting some other local producers in the process.
5	Have been here a couple times now and it is always delicious pizza and great service!  They really do listen to their customers as well. My gf brought it to the attention of the owner that there was no changing table in the restroom (being that the place is pretty new not surprised it was overlooked)  Next visit about 2 weeks later and of course they now have one!  We were pleasantly suprised!  Love this place!
5	Went back again for lunch and they have added lemon and limes  for  water. I really like this place
5	I have to say, I didn't have high expectations for a build-your-own pizza place.  Seemed gimmicky...until I got there and saw all my options...Excellent pie and unbelievably quick to the table!  Fresh ingredients, loved the crust, perfectly crispy thin crust.  The setup is kind of like Chipotle (assembly-line) and I like that you get to see what's going on your pizza as it's being assembled.  An 11" pie for $7.75...can't beat that!Add to that a pizookie (oven baked cookie/ice cream) for dessert and you will be comfortably satisfied!
2	Pizza was ok, nothing exceptional.. salad was good.. I don't think I will order  a pizza next time from here.
5	Pizza was really good.  The place had a good feeling to it.  Service was great.  First time here so they explained everything.  I would eat here again.
5	Completely blown away by this place. Low expectations going in, but once I took my first bit I realized whoever thought of this is going to be filthy rich.  Can't complain about the price, it's basically Subway/Chipotle but it deals with Pizza.  I immediately texted a few friends, they've all been since and agree, this place is money!
5	I'm almost embarrassed to say how many times I've eaten here in given work week.  (3, shhhh!)  By the time you've filled your drinks at the fountain and found a seat, your piping hot pizza is ready.  I can finish the whole thing too, thankyouverymuch.  Every last stove burnt crumb.
4	It doesn't get much better for fast, custom and tasty individual pizzas. Great selection to choose from.
5	Soooo yummy! I get multiple sauces and cheeses on mine. The pesto is fabulous! I like to stick with one or two meats to not overload. Prices are great too :)
5	Excellent! Hard to beat $7.75 for all the toppings you want. Went mid day on a Saturday so not crowded at all and the perfect pie was done in about 5 minutes. Great concept and friendly staff. I will be back soon!
5	Delicious pizza!!!! Great price and perfect portions. Try the steak and blue pizza with the jasmine tea. Nummy!!!
5	Affordable! Awesome crust, yummy! I had the chicken pest no cheese and it was yummy... Healthy alternative to pizza. My husband and I will be back for more.
5	Thank you for the $4.15 pizzas on 4/15!! I saw the owner helping the solid line of people out the door. Employees were smiling and they were cranking out great pizzas. I Expected a long wait for my to-go order but it was ready 15 min early! Great business, they will do very well.
5	It's sad that the people behind the counter recognize me and remember my order (same thing every time!). The ingredients are fresh, which you can taste with EVERY bite.I really appreciate the fact that I've seen the owner behind the counter during our last two visits, and he wasn't just giving orders, he was starting pies. Seeing that says a lot about his passion for his business and his customers. In the few minutes that we were there (we ordered to-go) he started a few pies (mine included) and walked around the restaurant to personally speak with the customers. Two thumbs up and 10 stars for that! My new favorite pizza spot!
5	Awesome pizzas! The salad was amazing!The prices are reasonable, and the people were so nice and friendly!!  I recommend this place, i'll be back!!!
3	Food here is average. The upside is they have a lot of choices and also specials to choose from. They have good salads and pizza and salad are 7.75$ individually. The owner here is rude to customers and also his employees. It makes the trip awkward when he is there.
3	Think of this place like a sandwich shop... 1 pizza size (11 inches), you move down the line and select you toppings. You can select unlimited toppings however they suggest 6 or less. They have some speciality suggestions or you can make your own. Since it was my first time, I got the #5, it was a steak and gorgonzola pizza. It also has mushrooms , onions and peppers,  but I'm not a pepper fan, so I took those off. The staff was really nice it only took 5 minutes to actually bake the pizza. They are getting 3 stars because the bottom of the pizza was burned and that's gross to me. I'll give them another shot but if it's burned again I probably won't come back
5	Went here with my girlfriend for 3 days straight now, food is amazing with unlimited creation combinations. Not only is the food worth driving across town for, but the staff is extremely nice with a manager who is very orientated with pleasing his customers. By far best pizza in AZ!
4	Ooh.  I may have a new addiction.  It's been awhile since a new fast food concept  has blown me away, and Fired Pie has done it.  The staff is friendly, there are a lot of choices for toppings, everything was fresh, and I love that they have fresh mushrooms with the water already cooked out of them, and fresh mozzarella.  I love those gooey glops of cheese on my pizza!  Mr. M and I shared a pizza with sausage, pepperoni, artichokes, and mushrooms with the red sauce and fresh mozz.  There are so many flavor combinations I look forward to going back to try more.  They have a good selection of beer and wine, a soda machine, and I think I saw 4 different kinds of tea.  Hey....it's getting close to lunch time.  I better go get a pizza!
5	Fast service, great pizza. Can't complain. Got the Steak and Blue Pizza and really enjoyed it. From entering to leaving, probably was here for 30 minutes and I was dining in! I would probably eat here again. Service was great!
5	I've gone here multiple times and have loved it every time!!! I usually get the gluten-free crust which is a little bit extra, but worth it for the unlimited toppings at no extra charge. I HIGHLY recommend this place for anyone who loves thin crust pizza, and loves lots of toppings!!!P.S. They have AMAZING iced tea! My favorites are the watermelon tea and the jasmine blackberry!
4	Although the employees were not so enthusiastic, they were still incredibly kind and helpful. The food is amazing. I love the design. I will definitely be coming back.
2	Pizza and salads are pretty good.Reason I gave them 2 stars is because the manager/owner is very condescending and rude.I could write a lengthy review but I feel like nobody would read it. First went when they first opened and went a few times after because it's right by my work and I was excited that we got a restaurant in AZ that is similar to Pieology. I could go on about the manager/owner but the thing that irked me the most was when I was listing the veggies I wanted on my pizza, I got to about 7 toppings, and he goes "Whoa the limit is 5". I quickly apologized and in a very condescending way he says, "Uhh I'll let it slide this time." I thanked him but while still in line I also saw him picking toppings off another customer's pizza and angrily tossing them out because apparently they picked too many toppings too. Shortly after I realized he wasn't doing me a favor. He micro manages like crazy, you can tell he's all about cost management first and hospitality second. The funny thing is nowhere in the RESTAURANT OR MENU does it say 5 TOPPING LIMIT. I hope the management changes or the guy comes to his senses that he's making his employees and customers uncomfortable because frankly the food is more than decent and not super expensive and more importantly it's right by my office. This guy hasn't just turned me off from the restaurant but a handful of my co-workers as well.
3	After my bad experience the owner did personally message me And offer me free food which was nice of him. The only problem is I didn't not have a problem with the food. Offering me free food will not change the fact that he is rude to his guest and employees
5	Awesome pizza! Pricing is almost impossible to beat. Went for the first time tonight and you can bet your ass I will be back!!
5	New find. Couldn't be more excited. Gluten free and regular crust options, heaven on earth. Fabulous specials and tons of options. Create your own pizza fired in front of your eyes. Great service and delicious food, so far no complaints but I will be back for continued updates..
5	Great pizza!  Tried 4 different ones and all tasted wonderful.  Ordered, paid and by the time we sat down the pizza was on the table.  All associates working were friendly and fast, on a Friday night no less.  Fresh quality ingredients, nice people working, fast service = a great experience.   We will be back!
5	I adore Fired Pie. Seriously so good. I love that I can call in an order for like 13 of my coworkers and say I need it at exactly 5:03 pm and they're waiting for me with smiles on their faces and food in their hands. And the pizza. The Pizza! So freaking good. The pesto. The steak and blue. And all for like $8. It's a steal. Since I work across the street I've come several times and I've had consistently good service. Definitely recommend to friends and family.
4	My trainer of all people told me to try this place. I'm sure he was hoping to steer me towards the salads, but I can't resist a good pizza covered in my favorite veggies. It's also close to my work making it a top choice for lunch breaks.The ordering process is pretty easy although some members of the general public are a little too slow and indecisive to handle so many options. I love that they have fresh mozzarella in addition to the shredded stuff. I don't need a ton of cheese because my pie already has a ton of flavor from the artichokes, sun dried tomatoes, spinach, kalmata olives and garlic on it. The marinara is a tad on the sweet side for my taste, but it's still great overall.I have even tried their pookie (an individual size pizza cookie) as part of an email list promotion. It held up well in the to-go packing. The cookie stayed warm and soft, and the ice cream remained unmelted. However, the cookie dough was diabeetus-inducing sweet. I'll stick with just the pizza in the future.
4	These create your own and cook to order pizzerias are popping up everywhere. I'm liking this concept.I prefer fired up pizzas and it's thin and crispy crusts so I very much liked my pizza here. I loved that I was able to get it half with pesto and half without. You pretty much can customize it anyway you like, subway style.This is a great option for when I'm craving wood fire pizza but in a more quick service casual setting.
3	3+ stars, fast service, decent pizza but prefer a hand tossed dough. Not my cup of tea pizza wise but for those that like a crispy pizza, it's right up your alley with customization up to 7 ingredients. Decently priced meal with drink less than $11.00.
4	Very good, fresh ingredients.  Excellent customer service.  New to the area, called in my order and ready right on time.  We'll definitely be back!
5	My girls and I go to Fired Pie at least once a week.  So yummy.  So affordable.  We can get 2 pizzas for less than what we pay for dinner at Panda (another one of our faves.)  I explain it to people that it's like Subway for pizza.  Pick your sauce, pick your cheese, pick your toppings.  5 minutes later you have deliciousness.  LOVE!
4	First-time at this awesome place. Thank you for thinking of this. Soooooo much better than Pizza Bianco plus it's fast and friendly. Fresh ingredients you choose or pick from the list of favorites. Chipotle style ordering. Excellent crisp, thin pizza. Crazy that no one thought of this sooner. Only problem I see is that I will be craving it.
5	First time ever at Fired Pie and it was excellent. The staff was friendly, engaging, and helpful. The pizza was delicious and they had a decent selection of beer available. Great lunch spot.
5	I've been here 3 times now and they never disappoint. You can get the pizza anyway you want, it's fast, and the customer service is awesome. Usually the owner(?) is walking around asking how the pie was. Today he asked some kids how basketball camp was going. If you're looking for a quick fix to great wood fired pizza with awesome customer service, this is the place. The prices are great! I can just go on and on...Try it.  You won't regret it.PS- They even have watermelon iced tea!
5	Fantastic thin and crispy pizza. The Chipotle of pizzas.  Able to choose from a ton of veggie options. 4 different teas, lemonade, and beer and wine. 1 pizza is enough for one guy meal and I finished 3/4 of mine. Owner was nice and runs a tight ship mentioned he will be opening up more locations soon. Will come back!
5	This is the best thin crust pizza i've had in a long time.I'm always skeptical going into a place for a pizza but this place rocked. The crust was cooked perfectly.A big plus is that they are around the corner and there is plenty of parking.
5	I was very impressed not only by the selection, but also the speed, and taste of the salad and pizza options here.  I visited this place twice within a week, once for salad, and the next time for pizza and both times I was very happy with my selections.  The pizza wait time was so quick!  They even have wine here, which makes everything better.  I like the build your own options and I appreciated the customer service and quality control.  Highly recommend this restaurant.  I will definitely be returning because there are a lot of pizzas I still need to try!
5	First time here and the pies were great. Had the buffalo and Hawaiian BBQ pie. Staff was friendly, highly recommend it.
5	I've had this bookmarked for awhile...I should have come in sooner! It's great!We came in today for Father's Day (found out about the free pie for Dad's today gave us a perfect reason to check it out).When we walked up, they were slammed. But it was not a problem! They are really organized and the line moved super fast. I'm actually shocked at how fast our pizzas came out considering it was so crowded when we went today. The pizza is fantastic! We ordered the pesto chicken, Italian meat lovers, pepperoni/olives/mushrooms, and a plain cheese for the kids. All the pizzas are $7.75 and just a plain cheese and sauce is $6. Great value for an 11in pizza! Oh and a pizza cookie ya know, since it was a special occasion.Such a great concept and very well executed. I'm totally coming back to try their salads.
4	We ordered 3 pies to go, and each was done very well. The fresh mozzarella with tomato sauce and basil, a pesto sauce pie, and a regular mozz with red sauce.  The sauces were tasty, cheese was of good quality, and I like the thin crispy crust. Pizzas came out super fast and the service was very pleasant. I could see eating these!
2	Love, love the idea of choosing your own toppings and creating a custom pizza pie!The pizza was pretty good, too.  This would have gotten at least 4 stars had it not been for the fly that was buzzing around the raw ingredients in the open containers.  It was allowed to roam free the entire time I was there.  Then there was this gal with a bandana behind the counter who was constantly talking on her phone and I can't help but think about her spit getting on the food.  When they sliced the pizza, they did not use gloves and the same chatty gal was the one slicing after pulling out her phone time and again to talk on it.  The tables can use a wipe down or two but seems like the employees were either too busy taking calls on personal phones or chatting amongst themselves to keep the place tidier.  Too bad.  Would have liked to go back.  May try other locations.
5	This place was very good. Fast service, fresh ingredients. Staff was awesome. Place could have been a little more clean but it was very busy and it was father's day. I will definitely be back here again.
5	What a neat concept!  It was a great place and the pizza was delicious!  The price was fantastic considering I could put as much or as little as  I want for one low price of $7.75. The employees are so helpful and nice. As a first timer, they were generous I their explanations and toppings. This zooms up to one of  top 10 favorite places!
2	Interesting concept and above-average pizza, ruined by possibly the rudest owner of an eating establishment I have ever encountered. And his rudeness wasn't even directed at me.I'll kick this off with the huge negative for this experience. The owner.  As I approached the front of the line and my time to order, he stepped behind the counter and started replacing some food items. He noticed something wrong (not sure what) and proceeded to loudly berate his employee right in front of me and everyone else in line. Following that ouburst, he assumed one of the positions on the line and started putting toppings on pizzas as requested by the customers. One of those customers my friend right behind me. My friend, God-forbid, couldn't hear what the owner was saying to him (and it was our first time there as well), and very loudly, rudely and in a very condescending way repeated himself. It was so awkward and uncomfortable that my friend only got a couple of the toppings he wanted so that he could discontinue the exchange.Note to the owner: this is not New York City and this is not a soup kitchen and this is not a Seinfeld episode.  You are wound very tight and make what should be a fun/pleasant experience one that isn't. I feel sorry for your employees who have to take your verbal abuse in front of customers.  Your rudeness to my friend was unnecessary.  You are in the wrong business. There are other comments/reviews that also make mention of your rudeness. Your food is pretty good, but certainly not at the expense of such poor service.  Also, your employees were kicking tail behind the counter. They were all friendly, and they were all fast and accurate. I would have quit on the spot right  in your face if you spoke to me like that in front of customers. You could use some training.As for the food, it was above-average. I had my own creation and enjoyed it.  The salad we got was very good.  Thankfully there are many equally good pizza spots throughout the valley.  I won't be returning here for the reasons stated above.
5	Excellent pizza!!!!  Great service.  Always greeted with a smile.  Good prices too!
5	I have to admit in general I tend to not love brick oven pizza. I like my pizza ny style. But this place is great.  Basically its subway but for pizza. Same processes. Thry make you a personal pizza as you watch. Pizza artists. Really good quality. They are always extremely n ice. The place is always clean. If you love pizza like me you have to try this place. The diet coke is great. But I also like the free brew green ice tea. I always ask the guy to not make my pizza crispy.  They smile and hook you up. Pizza how ever you want it.
5	Nice and friendly staff. The people were very in depth when they explained how it works. The line moved fast. The food was lite and did not just sit and your stomach and make you fell bad. It had a unique atmosphere that is busy but welcoming. Overall this place is one of the best places I have eat'n at.
5	This place simply rocks! I had hoped I would visit a unique restaurant in Phoenix, but my chances were looking slim. Fortunately, curiosity was my better and I discovered Fired Pie where you can build your own pie or choose one off the menu for $7.95. No extra costs. Amazing!I built one of the tastiest pizza pies I've ever had with a garlic olive oil base, mix of mozzarella and feta cheese, some capicola with sausage, roasted peppers, white onions, sundried tomatoe, and wilted spinach. The secret? Take it easy on the ingredients, choose good colors and contrasting flavors. My taste buds thank me.
5	Had to try this place based on word of mouth and the reviews, and I'm so glad I did. I wish I remembered the girls name who helped me as soon as I walked in to explain the concept. She was great and I needed that!  I went with a pizza, half of their steak specialty and half of my own creation. The ingredients were fresh, there's plenty of options, thin crust is delicious and perfectly cooked, plus the service was friendly and quick. Can't go wrong for less than $9 no matter how many toppings.
5	Great quality, concept and service! Staff was helpful in explaining concept and options! Food came out fast and was great quality. For $8 you can literally get whatever you want on a pie. I'm won over.
5	Yummy! It is really good pizza. On the more pricey side. I am surprised to say that the gluten pizza was the best. It is more doughy. One let down was the 'bazooki'. It was very, very small and undercooked while being burnt on the bottom. Skip the dessert and just get a pizza! - you won't be disappointed
5	Very good idea! Fired Pie is the perfect mix of Grimaldi's Pizza and Subway! I will continue coming here again and again!
2	I hate to update with a negative review but my meal and the service I received this evening sucked. My pizza arrived but it was cold because it wasn't cooked long enough. I even talked to them and they offered to remake the pizza....which came back with cold ingredients and unmelted cheese a second time. Wtf? Two tries and you can't leave a pizza in the oven long enough to melt the cheese? And it took waaaay too long to get it remade. My slow-eating kids were finished long before I got my new (but once again room temperature) pizza.There's usually an older and younger African American couple here (father and son, maybe?) who always took really good care of us and produced fantastic pizzas but they weren't here tonight. What a disappointment! This visit took away all of my enthusiasm for the joint.
5	Heard about this place so we had to try it. Very glad we did! Loved the options available to chose from.  Pizza cooked quickly and wasn't greasy.
5	My new favorite lunch spot!!When I went here for the first time the other day I didn't know what to expect. From visiting the website it looked like they had pizzas you could order and you could also customize your own. From experience, usually a place will charge you per topping, so I went in expecting to pay a hefty price. I don't eat cheese or meat so usually I just get a pizza with sauce and a bunch of veggies. When I walked in I saw that it was a Subway style pizza place where the worker takes prestretched dough off of a rack and puts the sauce and cheese on and then passes it down for the meats, who then passes it on down to another person for the veggies. I ordered a pizza with marinara, no cheese, red onions, sun dried tomatoes, spinach, pepperoncini, and kalmatta olives. To my astonishment it was only about $10 WITH a drink! Awesome! It was so good I visited this place the next day and got the same pizza only I added the olive oil/garlic combination, fresh basil and oregano. It was TO DIE FOR! I will be back here many more times!
5	So this place is pretty much the best concept for fast made-to-order I've seen. Amazing. I've been in 4 times now, and can honestly say this place is just wonderful. The last time I popped in for a to-go pizza on my way home from work. I love that I can customize and make it my own, and they are there with recommendations or just a smile while you keep adding on. I sat down and just a few minutes later my pizza was ready - the girl brought it to me and showed me the pizza to make sure it looked great to me before closing the box up. I thought that was a nice touch, this place is clean, fast, friendly, convenient but most importantly the food is great and for a great price! Give it a try - and if I you have a Dividend Miles Card you get double points here :)
5	After a couple months of my mother raving over Fired Pie, I had to try the place out for myself.The first time I went to Fired Pie was on my birthday and the line was nearly out the door (always a good sign).  The price isn't bad at all and they whip the pizzas out in no time.  I had the steak & blue and it was absolutely delicious.  I loved everything on it from the steak & gorgonzola cheese to the crispy, thin crust flavored with garlic.The next time I went, I ordered what's now my favorite: the meaty Italian with artichokes, gorgonzola and fresh basil added on.  My pie hadn't even been fired yet, but it looked and sounded so good that the lady next to me in line said, "I'll have what he's having".I haven't been back for a over a month, and I think I need my fix.  This pizza is just too damn good.
5	I love the concept and the pizza and salads are great.  The staff is very friendly.  I have stopped counting the number of times I have eaten there and I never tire of it.  in fact, it is the one place that always receives a unanimous vote when our lunch group tries to decide on a placed to eat.
5	All I can Say is AWESOME. I am rating this a 5 star for flavor. Now my friends don't have to put up with my picky eating habits! Can you leave off the____, add some____ and some of ____ on the side? If you are a sauce person like me, ask for more than one scoop or you will miss the amazing taste. I have never seen such a small ladle! They are quite stingy on the sauce so I ask for 3 scoops :) A bigger ladle perhaps?Where else can you go to get whatever you want on your pizza and it is the perfect size for one person. Annnnnnnnnd has an awesome crust (not too thin) and FLAVOR!!! for $8.00? Certainly NOT Pizza Bianco!It does get really crowded after 5 with screaming kids and soccer moms so we usually go mid day or get it to go. The line does go fast though. We were "gym shopping" the day we went for lunch. Yes I know, the hypocrisy was just oozing that day. This is Noelle reporting from Chandler, AZYUM!P.S. The photos on here are considered to be food porn by most Stoners so they should only be viewed by mature adults who haven't been smoking anything. ;D
5	A new pizza concept.  You can now get a pizza made at Fired Pie just like they make burritos at Chipotle.  You get your pick of crust, sauce, cheese, and toppings (or pick one of their set recipes).  Once your order is in, you sit down and get your pie in a matter of minutes (even when the place is crowded).Taste?  Easily better than a lot of pizza joints out there.  Pies are only individual size-- 11 inches, but that will fill you up nice.  I even tried a piece of their gluten-free crust at one point and found it of surprisingly good taste and body.The decor is hip, quite unlike the funky industrial shop vibe at Chipotle.  Yes, it's loud, but you'll have too much fun eating your delicious pizza to care.  It's a great, fast, lunch, dinner, or substantial snack.  Next time you're hungry, head out to Fired Pie and experience the flavor of this great new spot.
5	Party in your mouth goodness! Quick, yummy and nearby...best combo ever!  Great find!
5	Great product and service!! The product was great quality, and delicious. I love the concept, make whatever you want for $8. And they have beer and wine, another great add for pizza! They also make salads, again anything you want for $8. Fired Pie just won over our pizza nights.
2	My boyfriend and I tried this place for lunch on a Sunday. We were really excited to try a new spot. However, when we got our food, we were disappointed, especially by boyfriend, because he was really craving pizza and did not feel satisfied. The pizza he had gotten was a build-your-own pizza. He was disappointed because there was very little meat on the pizza. They seem to skimp out on the toppings. The only thing good about this place is the price for a personal pizza. We probably will not come back again and we are wondering why this place has four stars. Maybe we are tough critics. Anyway, save your money. There are better pizza places in the east valley such as Pestos, even Grimaldis. Also, Rino D's in Gilbert is really good.
5	Delicious food, and pretty awesome place.The staff is friendly enough, and the manager is always checking up on his guests.  Very nice place, I'd recommend it.I think my face is starting to be recognizable there.
4	It's the "subway" of fired pizza on really thin crust. You chose whatever and however many toppings you want. Be ready to have patience if there's a little bit of a line... Of course, people can stand in line for 15 min looking at the items, but when it's their turn, they turn into dumb-founded jack wagons and hold up the line. Really??? And of course, you also get those incompetent parents who have to ask their 5 yr. old what they want at least 10 times... C'mon!! Go to Chuck E. Cheese and waste everyone's time there.
5	Wow!  Not only does Fired Pie offer an exceptional value, but they create some of the best pizzas in the Valley.  Saying that it's the gourmet pizza version of Subway cheapens the truly wonderful experience my wife and I had, but that's the best description of their ordering process that I can drum up at this point.  I ordered the Steak & Blue Pizza and added jalapenos.  The dough, meat, cheese and veggies were superb.  My wife's Meaty Italian was equally delicious and we also split an excellent Fired Italian Salad.  I can't think of a spot that offers an $8 11 inch gourmet pizza.  Additionally, eating gourmet pizza has always meant having to sit down at a restaurant., but that is no longer the only way to enjoy high quality, thin crust pizza.  The price, quality and myriad ingredients means that I will be back to try my own pizza inventions next week and probably every week after that!**Tip 1**The serve beer and wine, but my thirst for a lot of wine with my gourmet concoctions means it's worth taking the pizza to go!**Tip 2**I think it's a little hard to find Fired Pie from Ray Rd.  Keep your eyes open for the Whole Foods sign instead.**Tip 3**I usually get a cup for water with my food at any fast food joint, BUT Fired Pie offers up 4 different unsweetened ice tea flavors that are all fantastic and an Acai Berry Vitamin Water drink too.  It's worth splurging!
3	The pizza taste like any other pizza place. Nothing out of the ordinary... just a fire wood pizza place. I like the whole concept of building you own pizza. And it's not too expensive either. However the staffs here at this locations are extremely rude or untrained or confused. This one girl had her work hat on backwards was helping me out and was yelling super loud at me over the counter. She smacked her mouth and rolled her eyes at my friend and I when we were ordering. This automatically made me dislike the vibe. The cashier didn't know what she was doing and was confused the whole time. The other workers were just standing around clueless. For a normal sized pizza shop, they are over staffed. There were 3 extra people standing around clueless. Overall. The food is decent. Nothing fab and I could eat again. The service and environment is horrible and the only reason why I'm not coming back.
4	As a rule I try to avoid any place at peak hours because I deal with enough crowds and annoying people while I'm traveling.  BUT sometimes I forget myself because I get hungry and then it's all over.  I'm goin'.  Over the weekend Mr. M and I went back to Fired Pie and decided we were just going to share their specialty pie called Hawaiian BBQ.   I should have called ahead and placed the order to go, but then I might have missed the floor show.As we arrive, some dude is out front attempting to back his Escalade into the first parking spot.  I think it took him 6 tries.  He should have his man card revoked.  We get in line behind what looks like a knock-off of the Kardashian women and they are all customizing their pizzas and each half is different.  One of them keeps walking in front of me to go over and get 4-inches from the menu board so she can re-read the choices.  She did this no less than 5 times.  They really need a dude at the entrance selling drinks for cash because by this point, I wanted one, just to help the time pass.  Five minutes into this here comes the dad and brother who happened to be the same dudes trying to park the Escalade out front.  Of course they get in line with their women, in front of us, and proceed to tack on their customized pies.  All told we waited approximately 25 minutes for that group of 5 just to order their pies.  Snoozefest.  I almost forgot why I was there.  I got light-headed and thought I was in the airport for a minute.  But then we finally got our Hawaiian pie and a lovely chilled glass of pinot grigio.  Happy belly and a cheap, good lunch when we didn't feel like cooking.  I'll definitely be back, but at like 2:30 in the afternoon or something!  ;-)
4	Quite enjoyable.  Good pizza, fun concept, great value.  You'll pay about $8 for a salad or pizza which is enough to split or not (I didn't).  Don't go overboard and try to cram everything on a pizza unless you're just a fatso.  You'll end up with a soggy crust or grease and shame.  Stick to one of their prearranged pies or create your own with a few ingredients.  That's the fun part.  You can come back here 100 times and never have the same thing twice.  The downside here is that if you want to go at a typical lunch hour you may find yourself standing in line for quite awhile.  I arrived a little after 11a and literally 30 people walked in between 11:05a-11:07a.  I can't imagine how it'd look at noon.
4	Pizza made your way --- So if you don't like it, it's your fault!I've been wondering about this dreamy pizza place for a while.  Everybody talks about it, I see various people checking-in, and I always wondered when it will be my turn to pop in.  As if by Fate, after buying some white chocolate beer at Whole Foods last week, I saw this gem of a place while driving away.  A-ha!  So that's where it is!  A quick marketing sales pitch to Linh and suddenly this was suggested to be our lunch spot this week.  So rounding up Brett B. [one of the Chosen Ones who has been to Fired Pie before AND looks amazing in lavender] and fellow rookie Linh L. [I want his hat], we set our lunch date for 11:30am today but moved it up by 15-mins.  It was a good call since a million people came in right at 11:30am.  This place got packed.  Fast.  Also, I think I ended up flashing panties to the whole store when this air current whipped my dress up.  Fired Pie = so good it'll make your skirt flip...literally.Anyways, not wanting to scream over the glass divide, thank you genetics for making me short, I chose to get two "re-use" flavors:  Chicken Pesto and Hawaiian BBQ with pepperoni instead of Canadian Bacon.  After trading some slices with my smexy lunch dates, we tucked into some tasty pies.  They were delicious!  The crust is the perfect crispness and the ingredients were fresh.  I love the Hawaiian BBQ!  The Chicken Pesto was also delicious and the slice of Steak & Blue I yoinked off Linh's tray was also incredibly flavorful.  From Brett's Vegetarian pizza, I learned that artichoke hearts and cilantro are amazing on pizza.  Man, I can feel myself drooling!  Here's a question:  Why is pizza referred to as the poor man's steak?  Regardless of the answer, Fired Pie has won me over.  $10-something for a medium drink and a pie made my way is pretty darn decent.  I'll be back, Fired Pie!  Next time I'll wear jeans so I don't flash the other patrons.
5	Love love love this place!  The last 2 weeks have been slow moving on the line but it doesn't change the taste!  Great stuff!
4	When you go out to eat pizza, especially great pizza from Fired Pie, what do you associate with pizza? Is it Chicago, New York, or maybe the Leaning Tower of Pisa and Italy? No! What you are really think is, "I love being a turtle!!!", right!? Ok maybe not so much but Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are pretty awesome. They are turtles. They know ninjutsu. And they love pizza! So the next time you sit down to eat some pizza, you can reflect on some of these Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles-isms. The Turtle-isms are like your fortunes which are deep in the pizza. Just as the pizza pie are like the delicious fortune cookies that contain the fortunes .Turtle-isms:-Oh, and I want no anchovies. And I mean, no anchovies. You put anchovies on this thing and you're in big trouble, okay?!-Wise men say, 'forgiveness is divine, but never pay full price for late pizza-I have always liked Cowabunga!-Mikey is funny. Funny makes you drop your panties. (Megan Fox said this)-Always carry a long spoon just in case (Master Joyce W.)-Never drink black water that cost $2. It's over price among other things (Master Brett B.)(Ok the last 2 have nothing to do with Turtles lol)
5	Get customized pizzas made right in front of you with great toppings and sauces to choose from, without having to wait for a long time that too at such a good price. This place is like the subway of pizzas.
4	This is a great concept. Things are set up sorta like subway or chipotle style where you can pick one of the suggested pizzas or the employee builds it custom to your ordering right on front of you. They fire up the pizzas and bring them out to you after they are cooked. We enjoyed the pizza, we made one custom, toppings tasted fresh and the crust was thin just how we like it.
4	The concept behind Fired Pie is great - completely customized, individual pizzas. When we first got there the line was long but it moved fast. I made my pizza with garlic and oil, meatballs, cheese, spinach and artichokes. It didn't take too long for them to bring it out either. The flavor was good and the pizza was cooked well. It got kinda messy on my hands though - all the cornmeal and ash from the fireplace made for a sloppy eating experience. Maybe a fork and knife would be better for this kind of pizza? Also, the place itself is very loud - especially when every table is full. It was too hot to sit outside but when it's nice out that's what I will do next time if it's as busy.
2	This place has such potential, I just wish they put out consistently good pizza every time. We've ordered pizza to go at least 10 times since they opened, and the last few times the crust has been burnt. Not slightly crispy, but black on the top and bottom of the crust to the point where it just doesn't taste good to eat it. I unfortunately won't eat pizza from here anymore, but my husband refuses to throw in the towel because he loves the concept so much.
5	I was at Fired Pie today for a Chandler Chamber of Commerce event. This place is awesome. Their food is fabulous, and fast and the price is extremely reasonable. I shared the field greens salad with grilled veggies and the pesto chicken pizza. Both were wonderful. Considering they had over 50 people arrive at the same time, I was blown away at how efficient they were and how good everything came out. Keep up the awesome work!
5	This my favorite place for pizza!  Fresh ingredients, great prices, friendly staff. Whenever I go there I finish a whole pizza my self,  its that good! I never order the same thing twice either because there is so many options!
4	Good stuff, but there should be more salad choices.  A little pricey for a walk-in/take out place.
1	Walked in here excited to try a new pizza place supported by AMAZING reviews. What I saw left me tremendously disappointed. The bottom line: there is too much cross-contamination for people with food restrictions or allergies to eat here safely.I'm a pescetarian (fish only) and my mom is a vegetarian. We can eat at most places with little trouble. This restaurant would have been impossible. The quick service build-your-own concept is great. Most places (e.g. Chipotle and Subway) do it well. That's precisely where Fired Pit failed. Everything was done by hand - only the sauce used a utensil. This meant that workers were putting their hands in meat (often covered in sauce) and then putting their hands directly into the veggies (without changing gloves) my mom and I are after. Yuck! We choose not to eat these foods, but the design of this restaurant would force us to come into contact with them. It's simple to fix this. Employees could change gloves between every customer, and they could use utensils for meat (as Chipotle does) or pre-portion it (as Subway does). Not only would this help standardize serving sizes (reducing overall food costs), it also prevents the very cross-contamination that prompted my mom and I to leave without ordering.If you have a food allergy of ANY kind, steer clear! Way too much cross contamination. They order gluten-free crusts, but the design of their kitchen leads me to believe that you would likely still come into contact with gluten. I also watched an employee drop a towel on the ground, shake it off, and go back to using it to wrap around the handle of pizza peels he was shoving into the ovens. While it never came into direct contact with any food, I'm wary of any open-air kitchen that is so cavalier about dropping something on the ground and continuing to use it right in front of customers. Bottom line: the concept is great, but the execution falls short of what it should.
4	This is a great place for fire oven pizza on this side of town.  The best thing about eating here has to be that you can put whatever you want on your pizza and it still costs the same.  They have pretty much every topping you can think of and they construct your 11" pizza right there with as little or as much as you can handle. Even the "premium" toppings others charge more for ( Kalamata olives Mmmmmm). The food is usually really fast even when they are kinda backed up which is nice when you are running out for a quick dinner.  The only slightly wonky thing is the way they mark your pizza on the papers.  This seems pretty straight forward, but when they get busy it sometimes becomes a bit hectic and you need to go check on your pizza.  That's only a minor quibble though.  They have been really nice when it has happened and even gave us a free pizza cookie coupon.  It's a pretty new place though so it will probably get all figured out as they go.  Try:- Pizza
5	We eaten at the Fired Pie several times since we read about the place in a Gilbert flyer. We love the place, with the selections.We highly recommend this New Concept to all.We read some negative comments but we did not find them justified. Maybe they have never been to Sub Way...I'm looking forward to the chain moving farther east. Currently well worth the drive from Gilbert.
5	Excellent place! First time here and wanted to try something new. Not disappointed at all. It's fun to customize your own pizza with deliciousness! Quoting my wife after her first bite from her pizza, "this place is freakin' awesome!"
5	WOW!!! This place is awesome! Pizza is amazing! They let you create your own pizza for one single price of $7.95. I would recommend trying the Hawaiin - easy sauce, it is amazing.  All of the pizzas are made fresh right in front of you. You would think it would take a long time to cook but the pizza is cooked and ready to eat in about 5 minutes, that is just incredible! I have been going to this place for a few months and just love it. The pizza is consistent and I have not been disappointed yet. If you are a pizza enthusiast as myself, I think you will love this place. I would give this joint an extra star if I could, it is that good!  Yummmm!!!
5	This spot is quite a pleasant surprise. It has been other restaurants and apparently never worked until this time.I would say that it's a hidden gem for the easy fast and good food.Just one price no matter how many toppings you get, good taste, great salad, fair size portion. Nothing not to love about this place.Quick service and comfortable dining room. From the time I arrived to the time I left there was a line, but it moves pretty quick.I'll be a regular, for sure.Did I say that the prices are awesome?Cheers
5	When I was trying to decide what to eat I saw this place with good reviews.  I scrolled through the pictures and saw a pizza that looked too good not to get. The staff was extra friendly and my pizza was amazing. It is nice being able to choose what you want and watch them put generous amounts of toppings on the pie. They do not short you on the goods like at chipotle. Definitely recommend if you like thin crust and creating your own pizza.
5	Absolutely delicious, great concept, one price with as many toppings as you want. Friendly, quick service. Loved it.
5	The pizzas are fantastic! Lots of toppings and you have so many ways to get creative with your pizza-different cheeses, sauces, salads, etc. The crust is thin and crispy. Everyone in our family (even the picky eaters) loves Fired Pie.
5	Oh my....just the fact that your pizza has whatever you want on it...say 20 toppings, for $8, is awesome.  The better thing is the pizza is super yummy.
5	Ate here for the first time.  My wife has eaten here several times and loves their pizza.  I like their concept that you can have as many toppings as you would like and only pay one price for an individual pizza.  They have a pretty good selection of sauces, cheeses, meats, and veggie toppings.  It is a chipotle style where they build up the pizza in front of you then quickly cook it.  I choose a pizza with mozzarella, extra tomato sauce, sausage, spicy sausage, mushrooms, black olives, spinach, and basil.  They don't skimp on toppings.  The pizza was done before I finished paying since the cashier was having an issue that she had to get a manager to help out with.  The pizza crust is a thin crust and crispy.  I think it could have been a tad bit thicker, but overall, it was very delicious.  I really enjoyed the pizza.  The only negative is that the line is long.  We probably had to wait 20-25 minutes to order.  My wife actually said that the lines at lunch time are longer.  I guess thank goodness we went during dinner time.  Even by the time we left about 8:30, the line was still at the door.
5	This was our first time going. We went for my husbands birthday and he loved it! He got a pepperoni pizza and I got a chicken margerita pizza w mushrooms spinach and tomatoes. We loved it the pizza was fried perfectly in the wooden brick oven. It did not take that long to cook the pizza. They even offered him a free big cookie which he was too full to accept. What a great little pizza place! Perfect for families with kids as well.
5	Great pizza! Great concept! Must try! I tried their pizza with chicken, mushrooms, onions and peppers and it was delicious. Plain and simple. The crust is thin with just the right amount of toppings. Everyone I know that has tried it has loved it.
5	This is priced so perfectly. If your company is on a budget. This place is budget friendly. Not only is the pizza good but so is the customer service.  Gluten free pizza?  Its the only way to eat pizza, well, at least for me it is.
5	This place is bomb!  I'm sure others have said it, but it's like the Chipotle of pizza with a more refined finished product.  High quality pizza/ingredients.  Finished product is restaurant level quality with take out pricing.  It's fun to bring people to and they have a couple beers and wines available.  I have eaten here and ordered to go.  Dine-in was fine, not a place you would hang out for 2 hours because of the number of people coming in and out, but it's not a bad experience either.  The to-go was quick, easy, and traveled well.  Recommend for a quick meal  when you're tired of whole foods' burgers and Chipotle's burritos.Wife just reminded me to add:  Salads are great too!
4	Great pizza but the employees need to smile more. They looked like they where ready to smack somebody!
5	Great pizza with fresh ingredients! Nothing fancy but delicious pizza. They also gave us 2 free cookies w I've cream for not letting us know we didn't need to wait in line for them. If you're craving pizza but want something a little lighter & on the healthy side stop by! Reasonable prices too!
4	I gave it another try and noticed some improvements.  So I've gone back several times afterwards.  Really appreciate the follow-up to my review and it shows that they care about customer feedback.  Fired Pie has become one of my favorite places for pizza.
5	Awesome!!! Great food and great price!!!  Custom made pizza with good thin crust and quality ingredients. I will be back tomorrow!
4	I had one of their giant salads and it was soooo good! I will definitely be back to try their other salads.
5	I can't speak to the pizza since I just had a salad, but my first experience with Fired Pie was great!!  I chose to get my own salad creation (made to order) and everything was fresh and very tasty!!  Service was quick and the person helping me offered me suggestions since I said I was a newbie.I just wanted an iced tea and was only expecting the usual Nestea that most places have in their soda dispensers.  Wow!  I was surprised to see that they had 4 or 5 different iced tea flavors by my favorite, China Mist.  I had a glass of Blackberry Green Tea and a Watermelon one that was incredible!Overall, I have to say Fired Pie did not disappoint!!  Yum!
5	Ate here last week due to the reviews here on Yelp and I was not let down.  I think I might have found a new favorite!  Got there right at 11:30 and it was a good thing we did because the line was out the door in no time.  Thankfully, the line seems to move along fairly quickly.  Loved the choices for toppings and was impressed on how quickly they served it out.  I think next time we might try splitting the pizza and a salad as the servings were so generous.  Both had plenty left over and had a nice snack for later.My only disappointment is that I didn't try this sooner!
5	Best pizza I've had since I moved here 7 years ago!!!
4	Loved this place the foods was incredible and the service wss great. Will deffinitely bring my family here. And clean overall i love it
5	Okay, so I have to give it to whoever thought of this brilliant idea, a fast paced pizza place where you get to custom build your own pizza and watch it cook all within 15 or so minutes. Even on a busy day, these guys/girls know how to dish out some delicious pizza fast! The food is great, fresh quality, made to satisfy. They even have a gluten free crust option which I usually order. If you haven't given this place a try yet, do! Did I mention they have an awesome ice tea selection?
5	OMGosh!  This place rocks!  Healthy pizza?  It's like Subway but for pizza.  Pick what you want and watch them pile it on.  One price!  So worth it.  Come taste a mouthful of YUM!
4	ok. now i am not sure how helpful i am being and i am not a complainer.  BUT...  if someone says: no cheese or meat on their pizza, please please PLEASE change your gloves.  also, if you hate your job, please quit now.  food service jobs are about customer service.  otherwise.  if you like pizza and you like cheese and meat, THIS is the place to be!!!  amazing.
5	After seeing a lot of positive reviews on Yelp, I finally had a chance to give this a try. Went in for lunch (right at noon), which I was a little worried about due to the location being new and seeming to have a lot of traffic, and we did have to wait a bit, but it wasn't terrible. What they have going here is simple in concept and execution - exactly the kind of thing I'm a fan of. They make you a custom, thin-crust, 11-inch pizza with whatever you want on it for about $8. The pizza was delicious and filling. There's a decent amount of indoor seating and some outside as well. My only real complaint was a lack of fresh green peppers as a topping (they only offer roasted peppers, which I got, but will not get next time). Both my companion and I were pleased with the food and commented on coming back again soon.
4	Came here twice in one week! These are thin crust pizzas made to your liking. You can also choose one of their creations. I chose a combo of their creations with my own twist. Start with the garlic butter and then he Pesto chicken creation with onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach, olives, artichoke hearts, peppers and viola! Tastes so delicious! You can also pair it with a salad too! Lunch time gets packed. Dinner time varies. Could have been more efficient in their assigning of workers so the wait time for pizza assembly could have been reduced.
5	My wife, and I had our first visit today, and we WILL BE BACK. Maybe tomorrow for a salad. We both had Pizza made to our liking. We followed some regulars through the line, which was helpful. The one tip I picked up from them was to have the crust covered with Garlic Butter before the sauce...MMM. They put it in with a paint brush. The rest is up to you with 30 toppings to choose from.  Can't wait to try a salad next.
5	Amazing Pizza.. Quick casual and very well priced. Its like the Subway or Chipotle of pizza. You walk in pick your sauce, Cheese, meat and veggies. And as many as you want for the same price.$7.95.
4	They're lucky their pizzas are so darn good! The customer service here is terrible and the employees NEVER listen. If you ask for a little bit of cheese, be ready for a MOUNTAIN of cheese. Also, if you go for dinner, be prepared to wait an extra amount of time because they won't be watching the oven and will burn your pizza. Again, they're lucky they serve such an awesome product.
5	Excellent pizza, great service great prices. Would recommend to anyone wanting excellent pizza quickly. Try the buffalo bleu, your tastebuds will thank you.
4	Would have been a 5 for food alone but the customer service was horrible! Snotty girl up front! First time here and got more help from another customer in line in front of me! Easy concept but I was so distracted with picking all I wanted on my pizza that I was at the register and wanted a salad too. Well snotty girl says all rudely u need to make sure and order when u order pizza and tells other girl to give me a salad and other one just as rudely asks what I wanted on that salad. Really rude service!!! But food was great! Fresh ingredients
4	Clean environment, friendly atmosphere, nice staff, good food, alcohol. I mean... Does it get any better than that? The ingredients are fresh, there is a menu of pizzas and salads you can choose from or you can create your own happiness. My personal fav is the tomato basil with garlic oil and marinara, then some extra garlic, mushrooms, and spinach. Now that right there is some mighty fine eating!The flavor is amazing and the wait is never long. I don't see myself not going here anytime soon. They are my new pizza addiction,  and I am not ashamed to admit it!
4	After my last not so happy review, Fred sent me a message with an apology and promise to remedy the problem. He also offered to send a gift card that never arrived but whatever. So at the insistence of the rest of my family we've been back a couple times to this location. Even though the same fella who ruined two consecutive pizzas for me in the past was still baking, he did a good job these recent times. I was very pleased to see the improvement.We also stopped in at the new location downtown at the Collier center and they're still working out the kinks with some less experienced staff. I ended up with a soggy mediocre pie and made a quick mention to the manager. She offered to remake, but we were already running late for the Suns game. Hopefully she can get things squared away soon. It is a good value for a good pizza when they get it right. Sucks when they don't. Consistency is key!
5	What can I say. Great pie for the price. Love the thin crust pizza reminds me of pizza you get in Italy with the nice burns on the corners. Add the garlic and butter to the dough. You add the toppings you want. Fresh toppings. Always full of flavor. If you want a great personalized pizza this place is the spot. Try the iced teas too.
5	Delicious pizza, lots of fresh toppings and completely customizable. It's all included in the one price. Everyone was nice and the pizza was ready super quick. If you want pizza or salad only, this is the place to go.
2	I'm pretty sad the one in Scottsdale makes an amazing gluten free pizza. This one wasn't cooked and super greasy in just didn't  taste good I'm so surprised of the big difference. Bummer
3	Food was great, but I was not happy with the level of customer service I received. One of the girls on the line making my pizza got snappy with me because I had accidentally forgotten to mention my salad when I first got up to order, even though I had realized my error and apologized for doing so. Ordered a pizza and a spicy southwest salad, and the salad was missing the chicken (one of the main ingredients) and several other toppings. May come back here again, but I am not sure.
5	After about 6 visits, I wanted to take the time to review this place. Every time I have been in, the experience has been stellar. The staff has always been friendly. This place has been packed with a line outside the door but I still feel they took the time to listen to my other and made it as best as if it were their first order of the day. In addition to great service, the pizza is amazing. The toppings for the pizza are so fresh. The pizza has always come out perfect. A nice thin crisp but not crunchy crust. You can taste the fire roasted flavor in every bite. And for the fifth star I'm giving them, the price. It's a very reasonable $7 for a pizza. I have brought several friends and family members for a meal and every experience has been awesome. I love having a great place to recommend to people. Keep up the great work and high quality Fired Pie!!!
5	Quick, tasty, and  totally made to order (or pre designed, should you wish it) pizzas that have yet to disappoint. Tasty salads, too. You can even get a bottle of brew or glass of wine to go with your food if you're feeling it. The fact that they carry Pepsi is a bonus for me. They also have fresh brewed China Mist ice teas.As someone else said before, this is the "Subway" of pizzas. It's a great idea that's been tastefully executed. We've been coming in since their opening night and will continue to do so!
5	Super tasty pizzas!!Love the make your own pizza idea and how fast it is to order and get the pizza brought to your table.I got the Hawaiian BBQ with chicken. So yummy.The best thing is they don't skimp out on the toppings no matter how many you ask for.
3	The basics are custom made 11" thin crust pies with whatever (and as many) toppings you want for $8.  Cheap, fast, GOOD pizza is an awesome concept.They make the pie in front of you as you order ala Subway.  This facet is the absolute worst restaurant concept ever.  I went there last Saturday night and the line was out of the door; sounds like a busy place, until you realize that EVERYBODY is in line.  NOBODY is eating.  Again the line is out the door, but at most 20% of the tables are occupied.This is because of their incredibly stupid (from a restaurant operator standpoint) setup.  Because all the toppings are essentially free, people take forever to make up their mind.  While Grandma is getting the lowdown on the finer points of cappacola, the ENTIRE RESTAURANT IS AT A STANDSTILL!It should take less than a minute to top a pie.  Here it takes at least 4-5 minutes as you are passed from the worker who sauces the dough, to the meat person, and then to the veggie person.The result is absurdly long line times.  If they instead seated people, let them make up their minds at a table instead of in line with everyone else behind them, and then submitted the order only after a decision has been made, they could speed up the service significantly.The ordering mess (and really bad layout behind the counter) also occupies all the employees.  As a result, there was no clean silverware available for about 10 minutes after my pie came out despite asking twice.That said, the pie was great, especially for $8.  i had the Meaty Italian, the wife got the pesto chicken and we split a steak and Gorgonzola salad.  Would definitely go back, especially on the occasions were I am looking for a late lunch.  Would never go there during regular meal times if I were in the slightest bit of a hurry.
4	Quick and good. I didn't care much for the red sauce they use. The crust is alright, could be better.
5	Awesome place. It is like a Chipotle but for pizza.Choose your toppings, get the pie made, everything is one standard price.The crust is great, but what really does it is the sauce. The pizza sauce is amazing. Go here! if you haven't already.. Go here! And you will feel like a pizza artist, just making your custom pizzas and smiling away!
5	Loved this place!  Only $7.95 for a pizza that I can choose all the toppings!  It was excellent.  The line was long when I got there, but they are very organized, so it moved pretty quickly.  I cannot wait to go back!  I had a pizza with mushrooms, spinach, fresh garlic, and red onion.  It was excellent.  Their salads looked really good as well.  They have gluten free as well.  I was impressed!
5	If I could give these guys 10 stars I would. This place ROCKS! If it's bad it's YOUR fault. They make it YOUR WAY!
3	I stopped in here for a quick lunch after taking in an early matinee movie next door. I created my own pizza and appreciated the fresh toppings and variety of options.  I think the thing here is not what you ordered, but the fact that you can combine a myriad of fresh ingredients to your own specifications.  The assembly was a bit slow for a moderately busy weekend lunch, but the cooking was surprisingly quick.  The ultra thin crust is undoubtedly how they cook them so fast. I'm not a huge fan of ultra thin crust, so this wasn't a plus to me. It may have been several factors, including the crust and toppings that I selected, but it took a careful hand to keep the toppings from completely sliding off each slice as I ate it, so that was a bit tideous.  I may try this place again, because the freshness of the toppings and options are worth another try, however my first experience was only so-so because it didn't seem very pizza-like and the finished product was just not very satisfying from a pizza perspective.  Tasty, yes.  Good quality food product, yes.  Decent value for the money, yes.  It just didn't hit the spot for my pizza craving.
5	Affordable, fast, delicious, and what a variety of sauces and toppings. Great personal pizzas
4	This is like Chipotle, except it makes wonderful pizza. The crust is thin and delicious. The toppings are awesome.. Create your own one of a kind pizza. I enjoyed the Alfredo sauce on my pizza a lot!  One only downside to this is that the spinach should be freshly used. First time here and I am hooked:) Will be coming back for more!
4	I had the privilege of going to fired Pie with my friend Zack last week. The menu is a little bit confusing but once I figured out what was going on it was cool. Slightly burnt around the edges which is why this is not getting a full five stars. Getting to pick whatever toppings I wanted at no extra charge was absolutely astounding. All the ingredients are very fresh and very tasty. Definitely will be back again.
5	Took in a coworker today, who is not a fan of pizza that much, but he bookmarked the site after his first piece of pizza. He then texted his wife to go to the new store in Tucson where he lives. He's a new Fired Pie addict, just like me. My wife, and I come once a week, if we can. I want to buy stock in this place!
4	So delicious!  Gluten-free tomatoe basil was so good. I was tempted to eat the whole thing!! Fast and friendly service was a bonus! I would def recommend this place :)
5	Do your friend's a favor, and bring them here for lunch or dinner. I've turned on 2 more people this week. They are both planning their next pizza's. Hint: they will do half and half, so pick two pizzas in one. If it's bad it's your fault. 10 stars!
5	Really, a perfect pizza place.
5	It's like a buffet.  On your pizza.  Buffet.  And pizza.  Do you realize how amazing this is??Okay, so if you couldn't already tell, buffets and pizzas are a few of my favorite things (cue the Sound of Music).  You can throw on anything and everything you want on this thin crust pizza, from pesto sauce, alfredo sauce, fresh mozzarella, feta, to sausage, artichoke, sun-dried tomatoes.  Everything and anything, it's yours.  For eight bucks.  It's your own invention, your own delicious creation, baked to perfection, and if you can't finish it, there are take-out boxes cleverly designed to store exactly half a pizza.  This place is the work of a pure genius.As much as I want to be a selfish little brat and keep this discovery myself, it's too good - they deserve the business.  Enjoy!
4	This is my new favorite place for pizza. It is cheap, fast and so good.I have heard of this place for a while but never tried it. Even knew this location opened down the street from me. I was craving pizza the other night and good ol' Yelp pointed out that this place was down the street. Time to give it a try. So off I went.The place isn't huge but it is nice. Quite a few tables scattered around. Even though the line was to the door it moved pretty quickly. The dough is pre-prepared on boards behind the first employee in the line. They reach back and grab one and start your pizza. You start with the sauce and cheese. They have multiple kinds of both. You can create your own pizza or get one of their recipes. In my opinion true pizza is dough, sauce and cheese. That's it. Put anything else on there and it turns into a sandwich. But that is just my opinion. They have a ton of toppings and you can load up your pizza as much as you want all for only $8. That is a great deal.The pizzas are thin crust which is how they bake so fast once the go in the huge oven behind the prep line.All of the employees were very nice. The store was neat and clean. The line moved very well and even after you got out of line you didn't have to wait too long for your pizza. You can get it to go or stay and eat. They have one size. 11 inches. Which I think is perfect for a individual serving. Plus it's pizza you can always finish off the rest cold in the morning. My pizza didn't make it to the morning. It was so good I chowed down on the whole thing in one sitting. I will definitely be back. In fact I almost went right back the next day. I'm still craving it. It's a great idea and very well executed. When I want cheap fast pizza, which is a lot, I will return. Much better than $5 pizza from that other place. Good job Fired Pie!
5	Amazing! So excited to discover this place. Near my work but far from home - wish there was one in Gilbert!
4	Went here while visiting my parents for Christmas.  It is tucked in the corner right next to Paradise Bakery if you have a hard time finding it. This is basically Chipotle for pizzas.  They have set salads & build your own salad as well.  My parents chose this option and they really enjoyed their salads, but they are pretty big so they were unable to finish them.The line was decent size, but went very quick.  The pizza options were broken down to several categories: sauce, cheese, meat, veggies, and fresh herbs.  They do not charge more for adding any of the options (don't know if you ask for extra portions though).  I suggest that you do not get fresh tomato, it makes the pizza very soggy afterwards.  I made the mistake, don't repeat it!  Other than that, my pizza was delicious!  I also had the Pookie, just love that name!  Don't be surprised, it is a normal sized cookie.  I am so used to huge cookies done this way, but it's only $3 so you cannot expect too much.  Warning, they do have Pepsi products!  Boo!  They also do have a nice selection of iced teas so that made up for the Pepsi faux pas. Will I be back?  Definitely, but will not order the fresh tomatoes on my pizza.
5	Ordered the half Hawaiian and Meaty Italian. Service was great and delivered very quickly. The 11" size is perfect for 1 serving and the one price with unlimited toppings is a nice touch. It is pretty much like a pizza place that is done Chipotle style.At $7.95 it's not bad at all for what you get. My pizza was cooked beautifully and tasted delicious.One of the only true downsides is it's a thin crust pizza (essentially a pita pizza really). Would be great to have a pan option, but that would probably take much longer to bake.
5	I LOVE Fired Pie. The food was excellent, completely customizable (which I'm obsessed with) and the ingredients are well cooked. DEF recommend!
3	Everything I've said in my previous review still stands - their food is still scrumptious, but their service needs a bit of work.  One day I come in, the staff look dirty and tired as if they hadn't taken a shower or gotten any sleep in days (I get that it's hot back there - I've served my time in the food industry, but that's no excuse).  And in general, if you ask for more than x number of toppings, they'll more often than not, shoot you a dirty look for giving them the extra work of grabbing a few more toppings than the last person.  I'm not holding up the line, nobody is behind me.  And it's obvious that they give you less of each topping the more you get, else they'd be out of business.  So I really don't see why they should be so visibly upset.  Also, I found it rather weird that the girl who was working with the pizzas suddenly switched to being the cashier.  I'm not sure how that works but my thoughts were that the cashier generally doesn't switch to working with food and vice versa?  Anywho, the food still tastes great but the service often leaves me feeling a little peeved.
