5	I had a brilliant time in here. The music was loud but not shouty loud. They took song requests and dished out free popcorn whilst singing and dancing to the tunes.From the name and the decor it looks a little bit more straight laced but that certainly wasn't the case on Saturday night!
4	This is somewhere that I have passed a countless number of times that has caught my attention, but being on the unassuming little bit of road between the bottom of both Leith Walk and Easter road, did not expect to be any special.  Turns out I was completely wrong.This place is really great, its not massive but even on Friday night we managed to get a seat despite it being quite busy.  Decorated with a traditional feel mixed with a somewhat nautical vibe that makes you feel like you are in the shore area.There are massive comfy sofas at the back (the kind you get lost in) along with a good range of other seating. There is dimmed lighting with candles and fairly light adding to chilled out ambiance.  From the signs they have all sorts of live music (i can imagine it being great for acoustic sets), with a dj on the night I was in going what I can only describe a jazz/hip hop fusion, which sounds odd but worked amazing well as background music and was really enjoyable.There was a great range of drinks, a great atmosphere, great decor, lots of excellent artwork (much of which was for sale), very friendly staff - making it in to my top 5 of "the best places in drink in Leith" list.
4	Really liked the vibe in here - excellent sofas, nice light, free Sunday papers, very chilled out. The only thing missing was real ale on tap! Perhaps it's better to come here during the day and try the excellent teas and coffees, and bring my wee dog, after a good run on the Links?Really like what you're doing here, so keep up the good work, and please let me know when you have a guest ale on tap :)
3	Pleasant pub with decent rock'n'roll playing in the background.Not sure they had any real ales on tap and it was practically empty despite it being a saturday night but comfy and well appointed aside from that so definitely deserving of a return visit.
