3	Coming from California, I was exposed to many different fairs such as the LA County Fair and the OC Fair. Those fairs hold some of my most precious childhood and teenage memories. When I first heard about the Nevada Wild Fest, I had high expectations. Sadly, they weren't met.When I was approaching the festival, I was definitely excited to hear the loud music and rides. I was ready to buy tons of fried food and indulge myself in the full festival experience. However, while I was there I found myself bored within the first 30 minutes. It almost felt as though I went through everything and didn't have much left to see. The food was mediocre and the rides weren't as fun as the ones I've been on at the LA County Fair. To be honest, I was just disappointed. The one thing that kept the interest alive for me had to be the dog competition. Watching all the cute dogs compete against each other was definitely the highlight of the festival experience.
2	I can't help but make comparisons to San Gennaro since both events are so similar. First off, Wild Fest charges $10 for admission, SG was $7. Luckily they offered a Groupon, so we were able to get them for $5 a piece. They have a lot less in the way of rides and games then SG so I assume the higher admission price was due to the celebrities at this event. In fact, that's one of the only reasons I'd give Wild Fest an extra star...we are huge fans of The Voice so being able to meet Danielle Bradberry was pretty cool.The rides are ridiculous, with tickets costing $1.25 a piece. Just like SG, the only "value" at this event is purchasing a $30 unlimited wristband so the kids can ride as much as they want. However, they have a lot less rides and things to do which was kinda lame. They did have a slightly better variety in food to choose from and it seemed like the vendors had decent prices in comparison to SG. But everything was still way overpriced...food, drinks and the games too. They also only had about 20 port-a-potties for the whole event which as expected, were naaaaasty!So, this or San Gennaro? Hmmm, I'd say neither. You'd probably have more fun taking $20 bills out to the desert and shooting at 'em!
2	Coming to this event was a waste of time and gas. It was so small and sad looking, with barely anyone walking around. There were probably about a dozen food trucks, a stage, an area with rides and maybe 20 or so vendor booths that consisted of mostly advertising and high pressure sales to get you to buy their product. I made a couple rounds through the fair and left without spending any money or buying/eating anything since it just looked so boring. Not sure how they can charge $10 admission with no re-entry! There was also only 1 stand selling beer, 1 with wine and another with cocktails...so you don't really get much of a selection. Would not recommend this event to anyone unless you have kids that will go on rides, but even so there were not very many rides compared to other fairs I've been to, even just comparing to other fairs in Vegas!
