5	It seems there is always a crowd outside Angel Sweet. This is because 1) the shop is too small, and 2) the gelato is amazing! Housed in a strip mall on the North East corner of Chandler and Dobson, there is often standing room only at Angel Sweet. Although it might be nice to sit while enjoying my tasty treat, it wouldn't make this gelato any better. Angel Sweet says their most popular flavors are watermelon, panna cotta, chocolate brownie, cookies and cream, and pistachio. Mine are MCC (Milk Chocolate Caramel) and ditto on the pistachio. The texture is smooth and creamy, just like gelato should be, and the taste is authentic and not too sweet. Although Angel Sweet is locally owned, the gelato mixes come straight from Milan and are blended fresh daily. If you are even remotely in the area, give Angel Sweet a try!
4	Stevey does Chandler, Part Deux.  So usually after Saigon Pho I continue my way into Chandler for some gelato to cap off my dinner.  Angel Sweet is some seriously good gelato.  Is it 5 stars?  I'm partial to Arlecchino's in Phoenix for that.  But if you're in the area, it's not a bad choice.  Beware of the crowds.  It's usually really busy.  The mango here is def. my favorite.  Yum.
5	Angel Sweet makes me sad.  Really sad.  Why?  Because I can't have milk.  I go here with friends and try just a little teeny tiny bit of what they're having and end up horribly upset that I can't have any more than that.  My body's aversion to milk is a moderately recent thing, so I've eaten ice cream and gelato for a decent amount of my life and can say that this is some of the best stuff I've ever had.  Angel Sweet rivals the gelato I had in Italy (seriously).One nice thing for us non-dairy folks is that they have a decent selection of dairy-free stuff as well.  Almost all of their fruit flavors don't have dairy, but still manage to be fairly delicious.  Hell, it's better than any other dairy-free stuff I've had, so I can't complain.  I just wish I could eat a big bowl of their crazy-ridiculous-chocolate-death gelato.  Maybe one day.
5	We tried Gelato 69 or whatever it is that opened on the NE corner of Dobson and Warner.  No way it can compare to Angel Sweet.  Angel Sweet puts them to shame.The staff is more than willing to let you sample a variety of flavors.  My only gripe:  make the Valentine's special, Hugs and Kisses, part of the regular offerings.  I LOVE IT.
4	I love love love Angel Sweet, I just wish it was not in Chandler! It's a little bit pricier than most gelato shops I have been to in Phoenix, but not a big deal. They have a nice variety of choices, but my favorite by far is brownie batter, but they only have it every once in a while.
5	This is the best.  If you don't eat diary you can't beat how wonderful the fruit flavors are... How can they be dairy free?  YUMMY!!
5	Holy shit! I think I tried all their flavors. Nothing horrible to be found.I know the predicament; You want something cold and sweet, but the stank-ass smell of Baskin Robbins could ruin an other wise great life. Well Angel Sweet really delivers a product that is visually appealing and tasty at the same time.  There are no gigantic tubs of god-knows-what in a iced up nasty freezer here. Only Fancy Smansy tastyness. The nice lady asked us what we had anything fun planned for today and all I could think was "Your goddamn right I do! I am going to eat the living crap out of this stuff and not regret it a bit.".So I did and I don't.
4	Just what this town needs. Another Gelato joint, right?The funny thing is no matter how many new gelato stores pop up, they are all still so damn good. It must be hard to get gelato wrong because just like it's 12,000 forefathers scattered about the Valley - this place rocks. Flavors I tried: (Pretty much every one in there)- Wild Berry - Chocolate Cake- Tropical Fruit- Caramel- Peanut butter- Strawberry- Cookies and Cream- Car Battery- Scuba Mask- Monkey Poo- Whatever I can't remember the namesThe chick at the counter was friendly and I did not hate her at all, so that was a bonus. In fact I think she was really hung over and came to work directly proceeding a walk of shame. So that made me like her more. They could lose the loud Gloria Estefan music pumping through the speakers, though. Everything else A-okay.
5	GELATO UPDATE!  (Read in Captain Kirk voice please)Captain's Log Stardate 92308I had just finished another grueling away mission on Planet Therapee 08.  The only life form encountered was a woman named Councellar, who asks a lot of questions and seems to be adept at circular logic. She was not blue, so I did not make out with her and besides, that would violate the prime directive. Spock acted illogical even though he can't.  Bones said that he wasn't something and I made Scotty do a complex engineering job in less time then he said he needed.During the Shuttle ride home, I  veered from my plotted course and visited the pleasure planet Angel Sweet in the Gelato Nebula.  A fine distraction after such a mind numbing session...errr, I mean mission. Why all the questions? Why the poor artwork?  Why is there a dead tree in her office?   Hmm...Upon docking at Planet Angel Sweet, the away team (me) was greeted by one of the inhabitants. A ditsy young thing that clearly has no clue about anything other than Hannah Montana, a local preslut from a nearby Planet Horseshit.  I believe The Universal Translator was on the fritz, because I could have swore she said "I would rather shave than wash" and "What!? We have a website? I did not know that."  Clearly  a linguist will need to be sent to this planet.The Angel Sweet planet offers up many distracting delectable treats to take  the weary space traveler's mind off of his mind.  What to choose, which flavors should I mix?  Should I mix Cream and fruit or chocolate and peanut butter?  Where is Zulu when I need to plot a course? Only one thing to do. Taste all of them and then make a hasty choice.  Just say the first thing that spills out of your mouth. (Keep reading in the Kirk Voice!)  "I'll.......have.........The Panna Cotta.......and Buttter......Finger.A wise choice.   The Carmel in the Panna Cotta mixed well with the Terran delicacy of fingers dipped in butter.  I was even rewarded with another stamp on my  official Angel Sweet card. 4 more visits and I will receive a free kids cone. Take that Kahn!  This place is so good, it should be as illegal as Romulan Ale.
4	I came to Angel Sweet a few years ago when I was a virgin. A gelato virgin that is. That first time was everything I could have hoped for and far more. Unfortunately since it's all the way in Chandler and I'm all the way in northeast Phoenix, our long-distance relationship faltered. In the last few years many gelato places have sprung up around the valley and although I'm thankful to have a Gelato Spot a mile away from my house, I've never gotten over my first love and doubt I ever will. The taste, texture and presentation of the fresh-made-daily gelatos at Angel Sweet are so delicious. The portions are pretty comparable to what you'd get at Gelato Spot. I've never left unsatisfied. The only thing that prevents me from giving it 5 stars is the atmosphere. The interior is simple and sweet, but because it's usually busy, it's hard to relax while sitting in a table that's right next to a crowd of people. The business is in a strip mall that while clean, is a strip mall. There's nothing enticing to look at and nowhere fun to walk around to. If Angel Sweet were sitting atop a hill, overlooking the city (or maybe just in a place with a few trees and flowers) it would truly be heavenly. ;)
4	I've eaten the gelatos from Angel Sweet for over 4 years now, and I consider the flavors and textures here superior to those at Arlecchino.  My favorite gelato/ice cream flavors are dark chocolate, hazelnut, peanut butter, and any combination of these three.  I'm going to have to pay another visit to AS very soon as it's been so long since my last- I do remember thinking that I liked certain flavors at AS better than at Gelato Spot, and vice versa.  I'll need to do more research...I really LOVE Angel Sweet's dark chocolate gelato, and the combination of dark chocolate and peanut butter here is just  HEAVEN!  I also like the flavors and textures at Gelato Spot, but Angel Sweet's are  just as great, if not better, and more importantly, the prices here are LESS expensive than at GS.  Both AS and GS have an advantage over Arlecchino's with the fact that you really are encouraged to try as many flavors as you'd like.  I've never felt rushed or embarrassed trying different flavors at both stores, whereas my first and only visit at Arlecchino's left me cold, pun intended!  I had only tried three flavors when I had the distinct feeling that asking to try another flavor would make me very unpopular with the clerk behind the counter.  Definitely a must-try!
4	Gelato is the best icecream out there. They remodled this place since when I first started going and it looks great. I used to bring my family here all the time (then they moved out of state) and no one ever had a bad experience. In fact when ever they come into town this is where they would like to go for quick and cheap delicoius dessert.
3	The place is in a strip mall.  At night, it is well lit and pretty cute.  But I still favor Gelato 64 over this place for the actual gelato part.  Don't get me wrong, it's pretty good here too.  However, Gelato 64 has more complex flavor, more choices, and not as sweet.*Gelato = ok.  if you like chocolate, try the very dark chocolate*Service = ok...not as attentive*Price = it was pretty good for the portion
5	A gelato place in the middle of Chandler, AZ. Yeah, go figure. But once you walk in there, you see all the wonderful gelato flavors waving a big hello to you. They carry a variety of flavors that you probably wouldn't find at your local gelato store - they have many unique blends! The owner of the shop was very nice and friendly.  The store is pretty cute too and had comfortable seating to enjoy your gelato. One neat thing about this place was this adorable little water dispenser right by the register that you can help yourself to get a cup of water. I had a lot of fun with that. :)
5	Angel sweet is without a doubt the best gelato I've had outside of Italy.
4	Using my fun new phone with internet capabilities, I went all 007 on an ice cream hunt and found this joint.Small, cozy, yes it is in a strip mall but you forget that the minute you're inside. And- hello? We live in AZ. What isn't in a strip mall at this point?I walked in and looked at the sumptuous selections, immediately deciding to go with a mix of the milk chocolate caramel and the panna cotta. Ok, just for fun, give me a sample of the nearly black super dark chocolate. After looking at this flavor, I figured trying it would be akin to those 90% chocolate bars at Whole Foods. Or maybe like those lemony tasting ants in Australia. You just have to do it. Once. To say you did it.I have never had anything more chocolaty. It was like brownie batter but darker and better- and without those obnoxious flour clumps. My mind was officially changed- it would be the super dark chocolate with the panna cotta. Pairing the PMS-licious chocolate with the more mild Italian custard flavor was a good plan. I never would have finished the chocolate alone.Semi-long story a little less long, I liked the place. The coffee sucks. Gelato is great. Service was ok.
3	Having visited a few gelato spots recently, I have to say that I don't favor Angel Sweet's over Gelato Spot anymore.  I'd even say that I'd rather have gelato at Arlecchino than at AS, which is a little saddening as there aren't many places to get gelato in Chandler.  Main reason I don't enjoy AS as much is the lack of textures in their frozen sweets.  Seriously, where are the textural components that were here a year ago?  Gelatos offered at Gelato Spot, Arlecchino, and even the wonderful gelato bar at Olive & Ivy have so much texture (provided by the addition of chocolate chunks, cookie clusters, nuts, such as hazelnuts, pecans, and pistachios, fruits, etc.) that I'm in ecstasy from the first scoop until the last; whereas the smooth texture and cloyingly-sweet taste of AS' gelato leaves me wanting for much more after only two itsy-bitsy scoops.  Gelato Spot tops off their gelato cups with a pirouline, and Olive & Ivy with a shortbread cookie.  AS?  Zip.  Nothing.  Nada.Unless they start offering great-quality chocolate-dipped wafflecones and bowls, and/or some great toppings to choose from, I probably won't stop in anymore.  FYI, I've had plain gelato from other places (including those I've mentioned above) and was satisfied with the intense flavors, so it's not like I NEED these extra bits to keep my tastebuds, olfactory system, and synapses happy.  BTW, the  prices have increased- the lower cost I found here as late as last year was a large factor in my positive reviews, but now I'd rather spend the same amount elsewhere and get what I want out of my dessert!
4	I'm a pretty big ice cream/gelato fan. Pretty big. I stumbled upon Angel Sweet for the first time with the thanks of my handy dandy GPS recommending the closest place to offer me sweet cold delicious victory. Angel Sweet was what popped up. I am pretty impressed with their selection of gelato. I typically get a fruit/cream combination and haven't been disappointed as of yet. They also have a punch card to help out all those addicts. That rocks.My only complaint is that the inside is rather small, and while it's cute, the chairs aren't very comfortable at all. I can never seem to stay :(
1	Hey what is the deal not being open on Labor Day ??? If I am going to drive over here from NW Phoenix , the least you could do is open up! Don't worry we were able to go to another Gelato place close by.
5	My sister took us here when we visited last weekend. She was going on and on about how awesome it was when she lived here, and even though it wasn't the hottest AZ weather we've experienced, gelato sounded like a great idea at the time. I was not disappointed in the slightest. It's a welcome alternative to the too-icy nonfat frozen yogurt trend that seems to have exploded everywhere recently. The problem when faced with so many mouth-watering flavors at once is, well, like others, I get overwhelmed. Do I want something fresh and fruity or something rich and creamy? I was the last of our party of four to order, so I made a last-minute decision and picked the super dark chocolate. It was super dark, and it was definitely dark chocolate, and definitely tasty. I did, however, kinda regret my decision because my sister had the panna cotta & pumpkin, which was amaaaazing, and my husband had the best tasting strawberry gelato I'd ever had. My sister's boyfriend had the hazelnut and something else (I can't remember), but he said the hazelnut got a little tiring after awhile. Oh, we overheard another customer being helped--the employee said, "Most people like one third [this flavor] and three quarters [another flavor]," which made us laugh quietly. I love this place.The day before we headed back home, we stopped here again and had a different employee waiting on us. She was friendly (and cute; can't ignore that), and when I asked for a taste of the orange gelato, she gave me a little spoonful and said it went really well with the plain creamy gelato, for a creamsicle taste. But I went with a serving of orange, chocolate, and panna cotta. Creamy taste explosion: achieved. The orange and chocolate gelatos were reminiscent of Starbucks' Mocha Valencia, which Starbucks no longer offers. *sad horn*I feel like I should add that upon first impression, immature idiot in me thought that the super dark chocolate looked like a tub full o' something one might find on http://www.regretsy.com.
5	Wow I have a serious crush on  Angel Sweet .This place is really delicious and fun to try . After finally finding Angel Sweet open , I forced my kids to get a gelato for research sake.  We loved the stretch of flavors, Forest Fruits , Peanut M &Ms , Panna Cotta, Hazelnut , and Seriously Dark Chocolate,  to name just a few. We happily took in the whole gelato experience.  We noticed a few nice features that endeared us  to Angel Sweet:Great rich  unique flavors  , not icy in the leastGenerous portions Great warm customer service Can't wait to go back again , just seriously bummed it's so far away from my house.
5	In my quest to find sweet frozen treats in my neighboorhood who did I turn to but Yelp, of course!  And I was told that Angel Sweet was full of great choices for us gelato lovers.  I have to give them 5 stars for the sheer variety of flavors.  There must be at least 25 flavors to choose from and the fact that it took my daughter 15 minutes to make her choice should tell you something.  If you don't find a flavor you like here then you are just one hard person to please.  The shop is small with a couple of tables and chairs and a bar with chairs along the wall. There is a lovely scene painted on the one wall and it makes it feel warm and inviting.  This will be a great place when it's 120 outside and we need a cool treat.  They also have a frequent buyer card which is awesome in my book!!  I tried the Creme Carmel and the Creamy Cream.  My daughter had Pane Cotta and Milk Chocolate Carmel.  They were all delicious.  Sweet and creamy.  I'm so tempted to go back tomorrow!!  I'm glad it's just up the street so we don't have to go too far.
5	Not only does this place get it's ingredients directly from Italy, it makes a variety of flavors fresh, daily! I got my first taste of gelato when I visited Rome Italy a few years back. I've tried other gelato spots around the U.S, but nothing has caught my AMORE, or the authentic Italian flavor, more than Angel Sweet. So far my favorite combo is the "most popular" Panna Cotta with Banana, (which an employee recommended), Hazelnut and Pistachio, as well as SUPER Dark Chocolate again, with the Panna Cotta.Don't forget your punch card, buy 12, and get one kid's size free!
4	Super Dark Chocolate Gelato.  Word.  Tiramisu Gelato.  Straight Up.  Super Dark Chocolate Gelato and Tiramisu together.  Good Stuff.  This store smells like a pool.  I have no idea what's up with that but the Super Dark Chocolate Gelato is awesome.I will go back just for that.  And I will order the largest size I can handle...Kids Size.  Or maybe Small if I'm feeling ambitious.  Gelato is rich.  Super Dark Chocolate Gelato is Super Rich.  You've been warned.
3	I almost laughed at the earlier review, it smelled "like a pool".  It is SO true.  First thing we walked in this evening, I was like why is it so warm and humid in there (it's a very cool evening in March)... and now my memory recall is wondering if I smelled bleach or chlorine too.  The power of suggestion...This is my bf's favorite gelato place in Chandler (peanut butter), but I find this place just A-OK myself.  Not great, not bad...  the prices are reasonable for the amt of gelato you get compared to other places.  I ate gelato for 6 weeks straight (seriously, my travel partner was obsessed) in various countries throughout Europe, so to be fair, I haven't found a place in AZ that really shines yet.
4	Yummy gelato. Good choice of flavors. Tiramisu is very good. Also like the Hazelnut and Dark Chocolate. Place can be warm/humid. I'm gonna have to go back though to see if it smells like a pool! Decent value.
4	Wow I really love the taste of this place.  I got a mix of tart and creamy and it was so perfect and not as heavy as some of the other places.  cute inside too!
5	Careful! You'll get addicted.Angel Sweet is the best gelato this side of Italy.The pana cotta and zupa flavors are to die for. Don't settle for just one either, you can get as many flavors as will fit in your cup!
5	Delicious! Perfect on a hot day. I like the panne cotta (burnt caramel) the best, followed by cheesecake. Get a punch card started so you get a free one for every 10 you buy. You will fill that card up surprisingly fast.
4	Good stuff. Watermelon gelato is tasty. Thumbs down for styrofoam. Kid behind the counter was super friendly but the place was in a busy strip mall and deserted. Thumbs up for homemade gelato. All for that. Really want for a place like this to succeed. Good stuff. Large portions.
5	Okay, I know I wrote a review about my trip to Italy and how I compared the pizza.  Well, now its time to compare the Italian dessert.Again, my wife and I were in Italy for our honeymoon and had lots of Gelato!  Of course, the Gelato in Italy is just superb, and best of all it is abundant and inexpensive.  The smallest size will cost you $1 Euro, or $1.35 US, but as far as taste and texture, Angel Sweet's Gelato definitely compares.It is the best Gelato your going to get, even better than other shops in town.  When you can compare the taste and texture to its Italian counterpart, that is really telling you something.  Go see for yourself, and if you've never experienced Gelato before than your in for a treat!I recommend the hazelnut, and Panna Cotta!
5	I came in here during opening hours 11:30 am.  They were not set up and was going to be hours til they did open around 2:30p.m.  On the good note this must be very fresh and that is nice to know.  Vincent was very friendly and Gave me a card to return for one on the house.  When they were ready later in the day, I was surprised to see that he really cared about his customers and was very glad I made it back.  Now the gelato was Panna Cotta and Zuppa.  Both were very unique and delish and worth the wait on a very hot day..  Would surely return... This is true Gelato!   I am indeed a fan of this place even if I had to wait..
5	What more can I say about how damn delicious Angel Sweet is that hasn't already been said - the ratings speak for themselves, along with the Best Of's hanging on their walls.  Finally made it there after a friend had been raving about the place and have been a regular since.  You just have to try as many flavors as you can and mix/match, too many to name.  A recent favorite of mine was peppermint & dark dark chocolate, mmmm..  I've introduced several other people to AS and we're all big fans now.  The daytime dude is friendly and helpful.  Smooth & silky, best gelato I've had...well...ever!
3	The gelato is great but they don't have a very big selection. There's another place a few miles up the road that I prefer but stop here on occassion because its closer.
4	It was very good.  I would have to try it again to see if I would want to up my rating to 5 stars.  It certainly is on par pricewise with most yogurt shops, and does taste better.  You won't go wrong with this place.
4	I hadn't had my new addiction in over 8 hours and was having major withdrawals. I had to get some gelato...and I needed it now!   After we left Grimaldis, I looked this place up and decided to swing by.There were a few people in there which was good because it gave me time to scope out what I wanted.  I decided to go with a medium, half chocolate, half peanut M&M.  They sure do give you a lot of gelato.  It was only $5 bucks and they give you a packed 8 ounce cup.  I paid my money and took my gelato outside to eat by my car.The chocolate was really good and the peanut M&M tasted exactly like a chewed up peanut M&M.  It was a great blend of flavors.  The only thing that was a tad off, was the texture of it. After every bite, I had a "filmy" taste/feel in my mouth.  Hard to describe but I know for sure I didn't have that type of sensation at the other place I ate at earlier today.  The odd after bite texture keeps this from being perfect.  Its still a good spot for some tasty gelato and I would definitely come back if I lived in AZ.
5	The best. ... simply the best.You CAN afford THIS. Why? oh just 4 tiny reasons.... taste, quality, variety, combination and the coolest lil' spoons!Bang! Tis' sufficient cause for your bucks and mine when we most need something cold and sweet.There is no equal in ice cream, gelato, frozen anything! I promise.Angel Sweet is THE pinnacle among competition. Angel Sweet Gelato is UNforgettable folks. Ain't no denyin'! ;)
4	The price is very reasonable compared to the large size of gelato you get. Keeping in mind that gelato is not like ice cream and is very dense so you will need less of it. You might think that little bit of gelato is not going to be enough but it is, in fact you might be hard pressed to finish it! I love the way the display case is set up when you walk in, it is kept very clean and everything looks delicious. We had the double chocolate and the butter pecan which was to die for.
5	I told some friends that I was going to take them for a Gelato experience to rival Italy (I've been, I know).  We drove from Central Phoenix, and the whole ride was consumed with them giving me a hard time about how far it was and how long it was taking.  When we pulled up, one of them said "I seriously doubt something named ANGEL SWEET is going to be the best gelato experience of my life!"  About 3 bites in she was changing her tune and has asked to go back no less than 4 times.  The proof is in the pudding (or rather gelato) here folks.  The flavors are consistently good, the gelato is made fresh daily in stores and the combo possibilities are endless.  Allergen info: Unlike the yogurt places on every corner, Angel Sweet has lots of dairy free options.  All their fruit flavors (with the exception of coconut) are dairy-free and taste fantastic.  If you are avoiding dairy, this is the dessert spot for you!  You will not be sorry you went.
5	I don't even know what to say. Like a sweet breath of air in the middle of a Phoenix summer, a joyous explosion of beauty. Just go to Angel Sweet. Get the plum, get the dark chocolate, get the mango, get the banana, get the panna cotta... It's all heavenly.
4	If you like gelato, Angel Sweet is a go to place.They offer several dozen different flavors of gelato that change on a regular basis.
5	It cannot get any better than this my favorite is mix of banana , hazelnut and lemon. It is quality stuff. If you want something better fly to Italy.
4	Full disclosure: I am the duchess of the Cold Stone Creamery in Chandler.  Somehow I very much prefer good old fashioned ice cream to fancy gelato or fro-yo.  So for me to give this place four stars is a big deal... but I came here a couple weeks ago and loved it!  The intensity of the flavors was amazing.  If you are coming here for the first time, you have to try a LOT of samples.  You will find that even the ones that sound weird are actually good.  I ended up with half orange and half chocolate (so cool that they let you do that).  It tasted like that British chocolate ball shaped like an orange that they sell at Christmas time.  I still prefer the texture of ice cream but I will definitely be back to Angel Sweet as soon as my current diet is over.
5	Hands down the BEST Gelato in the country, or in most countries I imagine. I have had Gelato in Italy and this place is better!  No exaggerations. The flavors are VERY consistent. If you have one flavor and then go back 6 or 12 months later, it will be just as you remember. Presentation is excellent and you can have as many tastes as you wish before you order. If you go, try the Fruits of the Forest flavor. :)
5	If you need a Gelato fix, this is the place to go. There are LOTS of flavors. We had mint chocolate chip (one of their nut-free flavors: check the little sign about which chocolate flavors have nuts) pumpkin pie, and chocolate. Coffee/decaf available for a dollar- saves you a trip to a coffee place! Charming interior with wall mural, indoor and outdoor seating, and little chairs for children. Parking is directly in front of the store. Take your pooch, sit outside, and then go next door to Petco!
5	This is the best gelato I have had.  Small place, but quality is great.  I get a small size with pistachio on one side and pineapple on the other.  Walk down to zia and check out the cd's while you are eating the best gelato in town.
5	Okay, the name is bad (what were they THINKING?) but the fact is... this gelato is SOOOO Good. When my brother visits from out of town, he drives out of his way to go to this place for dessert EVERY DAY. If we're out at a restaurant anywhere near this place, he always chooses to skip dessert at the restaurant just so we can have Angel Sweet instead. He's a chocolate freak too and he and I agree that the chocolate offerings at Angel Sweet are second to none. Unlike Gelato Spot, who doesn't always have a pure chocolate offering (usually they have hazelnut or almond in them), Angel Sweet usually has two pure chocolates that can be mixed with something else of your choice. I love the fact that I can get two flavors of my choice even in the small size. Yay!So if you're craving chocolate-covered strawberries, go for the Super Dark Chocolate with strawberry, raspberry or any other similar fruity flavor--the pairing is wonderful!Also, if they have the Chocolate Cake Batter, that's a winner with Coconut.And while I won't say that it's THE BEST gelato I've ever had--that goes to Glace Faite Maison in Ille. St. Louis in Paris--but I WILL drive out of my way to indulge.
5	It's sinfully yummy!  Creamy and smooth and something that I wish I could eat every day.  I think its an awesome idea that they can cater a party.   We may be seeing Angel Sweet at our next party!
5	Brain freeze.....awesome! Large servings and delicious!yummm!
5	Best Gelato in town. Better than any self-serve yogurt place by 100x. This place actually has ever flavor just right and there is no weird chemically taste. I do 1/2 and 1/2 of the dark chocolate and coconut or the Panna Cotta and hazelnut.  I have been known to go  in and buy a few 1/2 gallons for party's since it is THAT good. They let you taste the flavors before you commit to also and the employees are always really friendly.
5	I just moved to Phoenix, and the first thing my parents tasked me to do, was to find a great place for ice cream for when they visited.  I did a search here on Yelp, and found Angel Sweet.  A few days later, I found myself finally walking in, not really sure what to expect.The amount of flavors they had was impressive.  There weren't 100 flavors, but they were very diverse.  They are very willing to give you samples, so don't be afraid to ask.  I tried the Coffee and the Super Dark Chocolate, but I pretty much wanted to try them all.  However, both were extremely good.  I was pleased to see they had a 4 oz. kid size, which was perfect.  Not too much, not too little.The store was clean and tidy.  In fact, when the employees weren't busy scooping ice cream, they were cleaning.  I like to see that type of pride in work in the food service industry.I will definitely bring my parents here next week.
5	I love Gelato.  Gelato made from scratch is even better.  I got to try quite a few flavors and they were all amazing.For those lactose intolerant.  There was like 15 different flavors of milk free gelato to chose from. YAY
4	Delicious! I had the salted caramel and my fiance had the pear. Both flavors were truly delectable, creamy textures and served by super friendly gals. Sample until you find your favorite, or have the gals suggest something new (like mixing pumpkin and the cake batter flavor!).  The gelato is incredibly rich, so the small size was enough for 2 nights of desert for me. Another local treat!
4	So so delicious!!!I got to sample lots of the flavors and the fam settled on cheesecake, tiramisu, bubblegum, birthday cake, and chocolate. The texture was spot on and the flavors were bold and fresh. Friendly service and clean establishment. I also love the fact there are dairy free options. Awesome!Really great experience and I'm sure I'll return. My only gripe is that it's expensive. A kids size is $3.14 without tax.
5	This is the best Gelato I've ever tasted.  It's fresh and creamy, and the prices are reasonable.  If there are any negatives about this place (and there really are none) it's that there are too many delicious flavors and you'll have a hard time deciding what you want.  Seriously.  When I come here EVERYTHING looks good, so it's really hard to pick.  I try to have something different every time, and I have yet to try a bad flavor.  Plus their service is great.  Even times when they are extremely crowded they somehow find ways to make the wait pleasant.  Good job guys!
3	I gave this place 5 stars in the past but I have changed my mind since new owners have taken over.  They have raised their prices and you can only get one flavor for the kid size, which you used to be able to get two.  Thumbs down!
3	This place is now called Gelato Spot and doesn't open until 3 PM.
3	Come back, Angel Sweet!  Tried the gelato at what is now Gelato Spot.  They managed to kill the AS vibe.  Oh well - there is always Dairy Queen ...
