5	I'm no expert on eye exams or optometry in general, but my experience at Illini Eye Care was as good as I could have expected.  I was on my way out to the mall to get an eye exam at one of the big chains, but since I stopped on campus for lunch I decided to drop into this place and find out what their pricing was. It turned out to be less than I was expecting to pay, and the staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. So I went with it.The exam seemed quick but thorough. The doctor knew exactly where to take the exam when I explained that cars in the distance at night looked like they all had a third headlight in the windshield. And needless to say, I don't have that problem anymore.My glasses were ready in an hour. The best part was that they were able to use the vintage 1950s military issue frames I brought in for my glasses. I originally thought that I'd get the eye exam here and take the frames to someone who specializes in vintage glasses, but it turns out I didn't need to. I also saw some Armani frames I really like in their display case but didn't want to shell out for a second pair. They seemed to have a pretty decent selection of designer frames.They made sure the glasses fit on my face right, and told me to come back if I had any problems.  So yeah, I'd definitely go back. Maybe I will for those Armani frames.
4	Can't beat the location if you're a student.  I went in here for a regular annual eye-exam.  It was quick and easy, the doctor was knowledgable, and they didn't try to upsell me on anything like I've seen at some other eye doctors.Will be going back next year.
5	I was recently at this location and the staff there was friendly and courteous.  They helped me in all aspects of getting my glasses.  I was impressed with the knowledge and experience they have.  The nice lady who helped me named Suanne was willing to help me and concentrated on helping me fulfill my needs in finding the perfect frame.  I highly recommend this eye care place.
5	I drove down from Chicago to visit a couple friends and decided to make an appointment since I had heard good things about Illini Eye Care. The staff was very friendly, especially Dr. Sanders. She did my eye exam and it turned out that my prescription had not changed much at all. Dr. Sanders was very honest and told me that it was really up to me if I wanted to get new glasses because it was not really necessary.  I did not get new glasses this time, but I am sure to get them here next time I come back and need new glasses.
5	It was my first time here and I did an eye exam for contact lens. The optometrist, Dr Sanders was a really nice lady who knew what she was doing. The first set of lens gave me some irritation and i requested for a different pair of lens the next day and she attended to me immediately. Definitely a great experience and I would highly recommend this place.
1	My appointment was for glasses.  I give this place one star because the doctor who performed the exam (a young female) was very knowledgeable and thorough.  The rest of my experience of buying the glasses was completely downhill and I would give no star for what I went through.Their frames selection is very limited in terms of economic pricing.  Most of the frames were name brand super expensive.  As a student, I could care less about the brand and more about saving money.  I looked at a bunch of different frames, from the cheaper ones to brand names.  The lady helping me pick out frames seemed to keep pushing the Kate Spades ones on me and saying how much better they looked on me than all of the other ones.  So I ended up getting them even though they were $100 more expensive than the no-brand ones that I also liked.  In terms of the lenses, I expressed to her that I wanted to wear these glasses for a long time because the frames were so expensive and because I have a strong prescription, I was willing to pay more for thin, light lenses.  She charged me an extra $50 for that.  After I received my glasses, I didn't feel like they were any thinner than my previous pair and took them to another store.  After just looking at them, the guy at the store told me that there were thinner and lighter options.  I felt completely lied to and robbed.Finally, to rub salt into the wound, when I received my glasses, they lady did not spend any time adjusting then on my face.  Pretty much handed them to me and told me to come back if I needed adjustments.  It turns out that they were way too tight on me and gave me a headache and left marks on the sides of my face.  So I go back to get it adjusted.  My frames were blue-colored metal and I saw her take pliers and yank at them.  After I left, I noticed that there were scratch marks on the metal!  I could not believe that they would treat my brand new name brand glasses like that.  The glasses still didn't fit right but I was too afraid to go back again.  I went to another store and they adjusted my glasses by warming them up.  Did Illini Eye not have the capabilities to do that??I felt like they just wanted my money and after I paid, they completely ignored me and my needs.  Overall, I feel like I overpaid for these name brand glasses with lenses that are still too heavy and thick.  I've been wearing the glasses for 7 months now and they are uncomfortable and heavy on my face.  This experience has been so horrendous and I hate my glasses so much that I am seriously considering lasik surgery so that I never have to wear glasses again or have to deal with the hassle of getting cheated on a pair of glasses in the future.
5	Quick service.  Friendly for the most part.  Doctor ( I think Johnson) is very knowledgeable and explains everything quite well.
5	Dr. Sanders and her whole staff are prompt & go above and beyond.  It's not usual that a trip to the eye doctor is actually an enjoyable experience, but here it is.  Definitely recommend.
5	tldr; Easily 5 stars for someone who has never been to an Eye Care in the United States.It started out last Friday July 18, 2014 when I called the Illini Eye Care. I talked to them about using my PPO Insurance Benefits from my company to make a prescription glass and they helped me out confirming if the eye exam and the insurance are covered under the insurance. I had also asked for the price for the lenses (They have hi-index lenses from 1.60, 1.67, and 1.74). I am a bit surprised because I had already called other Eye Care in Urbana but it seems that none of them has the 1.74 hi-index, the thinnest lenses out there.I went to Illini Eye Care on Tuesday, July 22 2014, met with Christina Peet, the Optician. She is very knowledgeable and willing to help me out. She put down a note on different hi-index lenses and pointed out how much each costs to me, and how they would be able to handle my frame (I am making lenses with Google Glass prescription frame, few Eye Care knows about this in the Champaign-Urbana area). Dr. Sanders helped me with the rest of the eye exams. She is very well informed with the eye exam because I kept asking her questions!Overall, best place to go if you are in U of I area, especially if you are making Google Glass with prescription glasses!
1	I would give this place zero stars if I could but because Suanne was the only helpful person here, I decided to give it 1 star. This place is deceiving. My insurance covers 40% cost of frame but when I want to get the frame they are only willing to give 20% off because I didn't get the lenses with the frame apparently so I didn't get the frame. And I found out late from some paperwork that it's supposed to be 40% off. Maybe because they didn't want to do business with me.The Crizal lenses that they sell craze so quickly and so easily and they were not willing to do anything about that issue that I have. I spent m It was such bad luck that I went to the location. I wish I never had known about the place.
