1	This has always been a last resort for me when re-selling my clothes. I will usually take my stuff to Plato's Closet, which gives the same in trade or cash, then Buffalo Exchange, then Other Mother's. The last few times I've cleaned out my closet, I've opted donating my rejects instead of re-selling to Other Mother's because they pretty much give you pennies for your items. Yesterday, I decided to try them out one more time and I was more insulted than ever. Taking two pair of name brand jeans, an unworn shirt with tags still on, and 5 pieces of jewelry...they gave me a whopping six dollars and some change in cash! I would much rather donate my clothes to someone in need than to get ripped off by this store ever again!
5	Got a swing from there yesterday went to see if it worked. The music didn't play *not a big deal* and I told them this thy still took off money. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful.
1	Some of the rudest employees I have ever encountered.  Ended up leaving without even dropping off the clothes I stopped by to sell, I was so turned off by their lack of customer service.
2	Not pleased. I did not like how the men were all standing outside waiting for their girlfriends/wives... and they all stare at you when you walk in.  Weird.The place was dirty, way crowded with crap products.  The toys I saw were broken or didn't work... or they were the junk toys.Need to remove the mens wear and womens wear, stay with baby, child, and maternity. Too much stuff in a small space.
3	I'm pretty luke-warm about Other Mothers.  Some visits, I'm thinking, "This is the greatest place ever!!" And then others, I'm like, "Ugh I'm so annoyed, why did I come here?!"  It's a back-and-forth relationship we have.Every time we go to get clothing for our baby girl, I am never disappointed.  Their prices are amazing and some of the best I've encountered compared to other consignment stores.  I can visit multiple weekends in a row and still find a huge variety of different clothing each time.  I always leave with a bunch of new (well, new to us) outfits for unbelievable prices.  We only bought a toy once.  It was a huge purple stuffed octopus with little baby toys on the arms.  It was in great condition and we got it for $8.  I later looked it up online and found that it was $25 originally, so I was definitely happy with that find!The issues I have are in regards to the atmosphere and cleanliness of the store, not so much the quality of the merchandise.  We've smelled many unpleasant smells while shopping here.  One time in particular, the smell of pee was so overwhelming that we were forced to browse in another part of the store.  And what's worse is it was the smell of "old pee" (you other moms out there know what I'm talking about).  So it had been there for a while.  It was awful, and we ended up leaving that time without buying anything.Along with the smells, it's incredibly cramped and crowded.  Everywhere you turn, there are toys, racks of clothes, car seats, strollers, play houses, stuffed animals, shoes, play sets, carts, more toys, more clothes...it's very uncomfortable.  I have been at different times of the day and different days of the week, and I always finding it hard to relax and take my time shopping because of how full and cramped the aisles are.  It makes it hard for everyone there to browse around and get in and out seamlessly, especially families with multiple kids.Overall, they have unbelievable prices but a not-so-great environment.  I definitely appreciate the variety and multitude of items available, but I think the discomfort and lack of cleanliness can be avoided with more attention to organization from the staff.  That along with the awesome prices could make for one amazing shopping experience.
1	Worst customer service ever !!!! Tweaked out employees , the stuff their selling is always badly damage , dirty , food stuck to toys car seats an shoes, no help and not friendly at all!! Plus they are so cheap when buying your stuff and if there's stuff they want they pay you even less !!! I will make the drive to surprise !!!
4	People rave about the deals they find here, so with that being said you also do not expect to get high dollar when selling. They can't give you high dollar and sell it for cheap.  I always prefer store credit and you can use it at any Other Mothers location since it's on an actual card.Yes the store could use a little facelift and be a little more clean, but it's a thrift store vibe. I have been buying and selling for years to this location. The staff has always been super nice and I have always been nice back.
5	They had lots of clothes to choose from for my son and for myself. They were very reasonable priced. I had no problems with this store and I will definitely be going back.
4	It's always a hit or miss for me at Other Mothers. This location could stand to use a little upgrade, but other than the staff is really friendly and when I do catch them on an up day they have a great selection of clothes, toys and other items.
1	My  last stop before donating my clothes, I go everywhere first and then stop here. Don't expect to get much for items the in-store credit is mildly decent but if you take the cash it will be 50% less than that offer. Again, I'd recommend trying somewhere else first and taking the items they passed on to this location. It is always dirty and the racks are stuffed making it near to impossible to look at anything.
