3	I recently booked  a private/corporate event there and was a bit skeptical because of all the reviews I had read on this place when it used to be the 40/40 club. The Venetian management recently took over this place and let me just say that it made the world of difference. I worked with Maria Mariano in Events and if you EVER need to request or work with someone ask for her. The event we hosted was partially outdoors, the Jay Z suite and the indoor bar and it went off without a hitch. The outdoor area is really pretty and there's a lot going on (tv,music,pac man game, and pool) to keep guests at a corporate function entertained. The only minuses I would say is that I spent a boatload of money for a couple of hours and was not given any perks (a room stay or slot money) like the majority of venues had offered me. I was bummed about that and in the future if there was an equally attractive place with just as good as staff, but the other place offered some token for doing business with them, I would unf. choose the other place. It was also pretty expensive so that's a minus against this place as well.I wasn't also thrilled with the banquet staff. Yeah, they passed things out, but they had a little bit of a sourpuss on their faces and i felt like they took their time trying to make their rounds.
5	This is, hands down, the BEST sportsbook in Vegas.  Even better than the Mandalay Bay.  Oh my god, it's unbelievable!!  I see how they turned this from a mediocre club (formerly Jay-Z's 40/40) into a spectacular sportsbook.  See the thing about this sportsbook is that it's much, much higher end, almost luxury.  There are no drunken frat boys here.  Mostly older crowd, there to eat and watch a game in class.The food is awesome, the service is great, the screen is humongous, the sound is crisp and the chairs are SOOOO comfortable!!  There are long couches, short couches, pillows everywhere and little side tables and coffee tables for food.  It really was like you are being pampered.  Then again, our wings were $14 and a Stella is $7.  But it was all on the company's tab so really I can't complain!Now if only my team hadn't lost me $100... I probably would've enjoyed the experience that much more.
1	Well I finally checked out the new Palazzo sportsbook located deep in the belly of the beast in the underground labyrinth that used to be the 40/40 Club - the Jay Z baller nightclub that set a world record for going out of business faster than a Lamborghini Murcielago can make it to 60.  The joint that ran through millions of dollars and staff and yet still managed to not impress anyone - yes that infamous pit of misfortune - check out the reviews here on Yelp, it's quite amusing:http://www.yelp.com/biz/40-40-club-las-vegasAnyhow, guess what : the new place sucks too!   This sportsbook gets a failing grade for exactly five reasons:1. Unlike just about every other modern sportsbook in Vegas, there is no big open space here where you can watch all the games at once - say you've got a 4 way parlay and you want to see what's going on with that Carolina/Kansas City game that's no where to be found - well you're shi_ out of luck my friend, unless you want to hike it past a bunch of annoyed looking cocktail waitresses balancing full trays and formidable sized beer guts bursting into your path with their size XXL jerseys, to a far corner of the joint.  This is sort of a key element of the "modern" sportsbook, having lots of screens with all the games in a great big space - they don't have that here.  Bummer.2. Maybe they have a lot of the disgruntled employees left over from the 40/40 Fiasco, or perhaps the servers know even better than the customers that this place is a Subpar experience and have just given up - but the service is not particularly good.  Tacky black and white striped referee outfits and surly attitude do not make for return visits in a town with plenty of other options.  If the Wynn (right next door hint hint) gets a 10 for professional service, the sarcastic twerps refining their eye roll move here get a 2.3.  The chairs and backless barstools perched around the place are uncomfortable.  They're just a little too tall for an average sized person - like they were built for 6 foot plus pro ball players.  Not cool.  Many spectators are not the giants these guys are, so why go out of your way to make it physically uncomfortable for them to spectate when that's your business??  The couches were all a bit too high as well, I noticed most women had to use the side tables as foot rests.  Really.  I don't get it.4. Odds on parlays purchased at the small booth with the long line OUTSIDE of the sportsbook area - like in a different part of the casino, far enough away that your seat won't be there when you get back - yeah, those parlays pay out 15 to 20% LESS than the same bet at other sportsbooks in town, such as any Coast, Station or Hilton property - just because the Venetian likes to screw its customers that way, hard and in uncomfortable dark places.  Nice.5. The place really does look like an underground maze.  It's a bunch of low ceilinged rooms patched together with cheesy white couches and suede covered bar stools strewn about with no rhyme or reason.  If there was a designer involved, someone got ripped off.So there you go.  Visit this dive once if you must, so that you can go back to Caesar's or the Wynn or the MGM Grand or Mandalay or even better a proper and comfortable local casino and fully appreciate the difference.
5	I don't drink and I don't smoke, but I LOVE sports.  In late September I found myself in Vegas and the Buckeyes were playing the Golden Gophers with Terrell Pryor set to become king of Columbus.  Having had breakfast at Bouchon I stopped by the bakery for a wonderful muffin and made my way to the Palazzo sportsbook where I met my friend to watch the game.  In a word, heaven.  Huge plush seats, plentiful and enormous screens, smoking only on the patios, and difficult enough to find that it was 1/2 full (given, it was 9am.)  My buddy and I sat on the patio, he smoked a cigar, I drank coffee, and we watched the Buckeyes on one tv, spartains on another, and the Gators LOSE on another.Sure my parlay got smashed when the Wolverines crushed the worthless badgers, but at least I got to watch the rest of the Big 10 in great surroundings.  Better than Caesars, better than Mandalay Bay, no drunken dolts.......and service from young people.I can't comment on the food, but it appeared to be elevated bar food.  I dug the jerseys and layout as well.  GREAT place.
2	It's obvious the other reviews weren't written by people who know anything about sportsbooks.. that's ok though, you tried. Why would you want to go to a sportsbook when you can only watch ONE game? The setup is awful! Yes it has that stupid club feel that tourists go nuts for, but come on.. a sportsbook with one game on? Ok mb if you crane your neck just right and spend $500 on a table you can watch two games.. but that's not what sportsbooks are about! Oh let's also talk about how you have to walk outside this "sportsbook" to place bets. Or the fact that the guy gave me a dirty look for not tipping in when I cashed in my tickets.. Try a real sportsbook.. like one at Redrock or GVR, then come back to this one and it just doesn't live up.Oh and here's a link to another page of reviews that should be linked up http://www.yelp.com/biz/palazzo-race-and-sports-book-las-vegas . It's obvious I'm not the only local that thinks this place blows.
5	I thought this was the best sportsbook I've ever been to.  It's great looking and lots of TVs and sofas just to lounge around all day.  You can only watch one game at a time in your area, and the main tv only has one, but I think this is super great for big events like fights, series/playoff games, etc.  Food is pretty good, just expect higher end bar food, drinks are strong, and very comfy seating.  I would love to watch another big game again!  We sat outside to watch the fight!  AWESOME.
2	What a horrible sportsbook! Sure there are plenty of places to sit with a mixture of couches, bar stools, and ottomons, but that is about the only good thing I can say. First, the main area of couches on the tiered steps faces a very large TV screen that shows...one game! One freaking game! No other TVs around the main screen, nothing. So let me get this straight, I can sit in super comfy seats but I can only watch one game? Wow, the sports bars I go to in Phoenix, Arizona, are way better than that...at least those bars have a lot of TVs showing multiple games. I mean, this is the worst sportsbook for a person with sports ADD.Also finding a TV with the game you actually want to watch...impossible. The Rams had a better chance of beating the Jets last Sunday than I did actually finding a TV carrying that game! Finally I found one TV at the bar carrying that game. The only good thing about snagging this particular seat was that I could watch 3 games. Thank goodness. I left at halftime because the bar seat was incredibly uncomfortable and the food looked hideous. If you're a sports fan, don't waste your time at this sportsbook. There are better ones to be found.
1	Ha-ha-ha I can't believe Yelpers- let alone elite yelpers what give this place four or five stars?  Seriously?  Have you ever been to a sports book before?  I thought this place was supposed to be like, funny- like a joke.  Bear in mind- I liked the Palazzo.  Why would you ever patronize this place?  Sports book is not the Palazzo's strength.
4	I'd like whoever designed the sportsbook for Palazzo to do that for my living room.  I could seriously just sit there all day and waste my day away.  The place has the ultimate sports lounge setting.  I was just here this past weekned watching the Alabama and Florida St SEC game.  The comfy seats made me almost fall asleep.  TVs everywhere, nice color lights that make the room seem like a regular lounge.  Bars everywhere.  The only complaint I would have is the slow service, but that can be understandable.  I think it took like 30 mins before my boy and I got our food.  We had two things here for lunch while we were watching the game.  - Bar Nachos - was more than enough for two people.  They certainly know how to load it up with meat, cheese and guac/sour cream.  It may be too much for two people, but 3+ should finish it nicely- Turkey Cobb Wrap - was a little bit dry, but flavor was good and the dressing or sauce that was in side.  The turkey was like the butterball type, but I don't know why it was so dry.
4	Perfect for my son to watch the Wings, plus they didn't toss him for being twenty
4	When you're in Las Vegas; if you got the munchies and there's that sports game that you gotta watch; then "The Palazzo Sportsbook Bar & Grill" is the place to go!  It's quite new and there are High Definition screens everywhere!  If there's a game that you want to watch that's being broadcast, it will be available here.You have the main central area where the most important game is being shown on their largest screen.  As you can see in the photos; you have stadium seating that contains sofas, couches, seat cushions & coffee tables.  Plus, you'll have someone taking your orders and delivering your food to you!  This is the ultimate place to dine and watch a game; but if the main screen isn't showing your team, you can find the screen that is showing your game that'll also include your own personal couch or sofa for your seating pleasure.I came here last year during the NFL season.  Of course my 49ers wasn't on the big screen, but I was able to find them somewhere else where I was able to sit & watch that game comfortably.  As for the menu, it's quite pricey for your typical American foods with limited selections.  The food is nothing special.  If you want to eat a hearty & delicious meal, I highly suggest eating somewhere else; but if you just want to get a bite to eat and enjoy watching a sporting game with your buddies or even by yourself, you'll enjoy your time at the Palazzo's Sportsbook!
4	Went here on a Sunday to watch NFL football with a group of 7.  We had a friend get there early to reserve some seats for us.  Even though he got there 3 hours before the 10am game time, all of the stadium style seating had already been reserved!  NOTE:  GET THERE EARLY or you will most likely be standing.  Luckily he was able to grab an outdoor section for us.  There are about 8 outdoor sections - each with their own TV (you can pick which game to watch) and a bunch of couches.  Only bad thing is there is only one audio feed to the outside sections, meaning whatever game is being played on the big screen inside (stadium seating section) is what will be played outside. Overall a very fun atmosphere - it was VERY busy.  The food was mediocre.  I tried the wings, a chicken avocado wrap, nachos, and onion rings.  Typical bar food.  In my opinion - I think Emeril forgot the BAM factor here.  The service was SUPER slow but understandably so since it was absolutely packed.  Here's a tip, if you bet on the games, you get complimentary drink tickets.  We didn't pay for one drink there - guess it's their way of saying thank you for losing all of your money in the Sportsbook. lol.  However bad the food/service was, the atmosphere made up for it.  Overall a fun experience.
5	Review in Haiku form:We owe you a debtChef Emeril Lagasse,Well designed sports book.And maybe a second haiku because it's so special:Food, drinks, and gamblin' ?Emeril, your menu rocks!Don't lose, Patriots!Seriously though, it's gorgeous, easily the nicest I've seen in Vegas, or anywhere.
4	I LOVE GAMBLING & SPORTS.. and in my heaven they live together,  cherry-topped with free-flowing drinks.Throughout the year I immerse myself in heaven as I can find it- from multiple Fantasy Football leagues to March Madness bracket pools & Vegas getaways.Vegas sports books satisfy (most) all my vices, and the Palazzo is one of the nicest to try and take my money yet.
2	A Sportsbook needs to be comfortable, easy to make a bet, and have a great viewing experience. I am really torn by this place even being catergorized as a sportsbook since I should count Buffalo Wild Wings also then if I count this place. Anywaysis it Comfortable? Hmm well it looks like it is but, it is really not and is more of a restaurant and cant sit really unless you order food or a drink. Easy to bet?The area you make a bet is in kind of a pit and really not easy and you have to hunt a little more to find all the bets available. Great viewing experience? This goes back to the restaurant feel, you cant walk in grab a seat and watch a game and hang. It is really all over the place. Plus the restaurant feel makes the place feel greasy and the service is not very good either. So it is ok, but you really cant call it the best in town or even a book until you compare to what a book really is and experience it. If you are tourist go to Wynn, Aria, or Mirage and watch a game, lay on coach, make some bets and grab a beer.
3	I know this is probably not their fault, but I lost $200 betting on the Celtics last weekend.
1	- Very inconvenient location, its like in a basement area, really is a shitty location-In order to sit down and watch sports you need minimum $50 order PER PERSON,  EVERYDAY ALL DAY-Cashiers were assholes to me-Worst Sportsbook I've been to in Vegas.
3	Sportsbook viewing was pretty good and easy.  But since if was the middle of the summer, there were lots of seats available.  It was fine for me...but don't think it would be great during NFL or NCAA MM season.  Not enough seats for serious sports gamblers like me.  The main con about this place is its "non internet" wi-fi connection for ppl who like to do research about the team stats on there phones before a bet.  Good luck on getting reception there or even text's on time...there seems to be a slight delay for text msg...like 10 minutes...suckerdees!!!
2	We stayed at the Palazzo and my husband made the bulk of his bets here.  Finding this sports book is kinda confusing, it's a maze through the hotel.  When you do find it, it's a maze through a bar and another area to get to the spot to actually make a bet.  No lines to make a bet, that was a pro.  The reallllly annoying part of this sports book was the fact that although there were very few people there, they would mark the tables as "reserved".  To sit, you had to agree to order food/drinks, and you had to leave at the end of whatever main game was on.  This seemed ridic to me since we had spent a LOT of $$ staying at the hotel and in the sports book itself.  None of the other casino sports books I have been to had this rule.  If there was a seat, you simply sat there.  My husband tried to sit at one chair to write down his bets and was told he could not sit there unless he went and saw a hostess and requested the table.  Anyway, I would not go here again.
2	I am a big football fan and read reviews that this was the best book in Vegas to watch football.  So my buddy and I made reservations for their stadium for Sunday night football.  The hostess took us to the our seats which was an over sized chaise lounge.  My buddy looked at me and said this is not going to work.  If you are with your girl and want to share a chaise lounge/day bed then this place will work.  If you want to watch sports, I would pass.We asked to find somewhere else to sit and they accommodated us.  Now on to the food.  Wings - very good, delicious.  Everything else is average.  Service was very good.  In summary- if you want to watch sports, eat and have a drink I would not recommend.  If the Giants did not beat the Cowboys i would have given this place 1 star.
1	Be careful.....they will sit you in the stadium seating but you won't be told there is a $50 charge of food and drink minimum. I first sat at bar a few weeks ago on vacation....on way to bathroom I saw this area to sit and watch the games. It was half full, Sunday afternoon, 6pm, so I asked to sit there. Besides the $40 I just ate and drank at bar...the manager told me I would be charged the extra minimum $50 or I could stand at the railing and watch the one NFL game on tv half over. I'm returning to Vegas first weekend in December and the last week. I don't recommend. I'm not just a once a year tourist but I wish you all the best for the manager. You have a long career in front of you.
4	Been here a few times now and enjoyed my experiences. Once was with a big group where we were ordering all sorts of drinks and apps, which were all extremely tasty.  They forgot a drink every once in a while, but not a big deal, it came eventually.  Love the TVs everywhere, even by the normal tables away from the big stadium seating. Cool that they have private cabanas with their own TV, kind of like by the pools. Next time, just hit the bar by myself to kill some time while my fiance was working. Bartenders were extremely nice and attentive. Changed channels on the TVs at request. Got the pulled pork sandwich for lunch and it was very good, slaw on top was a nice addition.
5	I can only say....Wow!!!
1	Inconsistent reservation policy. Used to love it here and now it's so poorly managed. Could be a gem, now it's just disappointing
