5	Really tasty and cheap Venezuelan arepas. I had #8, with chorizo and onions for $7. Comes with refreshing salsa on the side. Very friendly staff.
4	The arepas were so delicious!  Love the avocado and hot sauce!  The drinks were also excellent - we had passionfruit and sugar cane + lime.  The service was slow - there seemed to be some issue with prepping and serving that needed to be worked out.  Their restaurant definitely has potential if they work out some of the issues with serving/preparing.  I had the #1 - it was so tasty!
1	I tried SO hard to like this place, I really did. I already love arepas, the decor is welcoming, the food is ok, it's at a convenient location, but..... WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!!I have been here twice. First time: waited 20 minutes for someone to come to our table, then when we finally ordered, half our order was forgotten. The sauce was good, and the staff were reasonably friendly (when we finally saw them). Second time: thought we would give this place another try, and once again waited for forever to be acknowledged (while listening to the people at the table next to us complain that they had waited for an HOUR for their food, and later heard them complaining to the server that even once their food did come, half their order had been forgotten), so when nobody came to greet/serve us after 30 minutes, we finally just got up and left. Andddddd went straight to the empanada place just down the street (pretty boring decor, but wayyyyy cheaper, and we were at a table and eating within five minutes). Sidenote: even if the service had been good (i.e. even if customers were even somewhat acknowledged), there is absolutely NO reason for arepas to take that long to make. My old Venezuelan roommate used to pump those things out in no time at all, and they were much better. Not a fan. Won't be back. Hope you don't waste your time here either.
1	Arepera du Plateau...more a miss than a hit... I came to this place with a friend because I read the review on The Gazette I was truly disappointed. I ordered a pabellon with chicken and my guest a pabellon with cazon (shredded shark), plus a mango juice and a guanabana (soursop) juice. The food was tasteless, boiled rice without a trace of onion, garlic, bell pepper or even salt...the black beans they seemed to be straight from the can and reheated, again no spicy flavor at all..the shark was more like canned tuna (as far as I know shark is a very expensive fish, so they should be charging more than 11 dollars for this so they can make some profit, which means that either they are losing money by serving shark, or the shark IS canned tuna)...the juices were watery, in substance and flavor, not a hint of sweetness, the only thing that we actually enjoyed were the tajadas (slices of fried ripe plantain, served with grated cheese).The service was OK, I asked the waiter for tajadas and he had no clue of what I was ordering, which means he's not Venezuelan, but I must say that he was friendly even if a bit slow.Unfortunately this was not a happy culinary experience, I lived in Venezuela for several years and I know what Venezuelan food is like, an exotic mixture Spanish cuisine with tropical accents, lots of garlic, onions, bell pepper, aji dulce, cumin, annato, I know that rice is boiled with a bit of oil, garlic, salt and a bell pepper to give it some flavor, I know what caraotas (black beans) are like, and cazon means cazon, not canned tuna. I have to say that  this place gives Venezuelan food a bad reputation, maybe they can get away with it because most of people in Montreal have not been exposed to Venezuelan food and don't know what real Venezuelan food tastes like... I lived in Venezuelan and quite honestly, I feel shortchanged. Perhaps I should get a copy of Mi Cocina by Armando Scanone and leave it at the counter.And by the way, those joropos are way too loud and prevent customers from having a conversation without yelling at each other
4	I absolutely love this little place.  The best part about Arepera is that everything is gluten-free and there are lots of vegetarian and vegan options, which makes this a great place to converge with friends of all dietary stripes.  The yuca chips and salsa are incredibly tasty.  The sandwiches are a total treat - the arepas are perfect - hot, fresh corn buns.  The meats and fillings are all delicious, and the home-made sauces are fantastic.My only complaint is that they've majorly toned down the spice of the spicy sauce since they first opened up.  I really wish they'd bring back their original recipe.
5	Disregard all of the reviews about the food being subpar. I thought it was amazing. It did take a while, but it was very worth it when it did arrive. The service lacked a bit, but where the speed fell short the friendliness of the staff more than compensated for the wait.  The food was very flavorful and the atmosphere was very welcoming. I will definitely go back next time I'm in Montreal.
4	The arepas are yummy and under $10, which is already a win in my book. The atmosphere is cozy, fun and homey and our waitress was a real gem, extremely friendly and helpful. The piles of avocados, plantains, cassavas and other produce in front of the counter were very charming. Don't forget to get an order of plantains!My friend and I sampled a #1 which was a stewed beef/black been/plantain arepa, which was reeeeally good, but probably the heaviest of the three arepas that we ended up gorging on. We also had a #6 (sorry, I can't remember the names) which was like a creamy chicken salad with avocado. It was good, but not fantastic. The best one, however, was the chicken chorizo arepa that we ordered as our round 2. Our meal was served with a hot sauce and an avocado sauce, both which were very tasty.My only gripes... and I reaaaaally hate to even bring these up because I like them and I want them to do well... is that there is one older fellow there who had dirty fingernails, came out of the bathroom zipping up his fly, and kept us waiting at the cash register while he tinkered with the restaurant's iPod. I wish I didn't have to write this, but I can't get it out of my mind. Thankfully, I did not see him involved in any food prep so... maybe I can forgive it. I think? I guess?Regardless, I will probably be back because I liked the food and it was super affordable and the staff is extremely friendly!Oh and by the way. The tres leches dessert is TO DIE FOR.
3	Ok, after being berate by friends by my previously low review I forced myself to give Arepera another try. Service was fast (the previous servers being notably absent - hopefully this is a permanent change), and the food was good, and all arrived quickly. I guess I would probably go back. For now I'll give it a 3/5 (would have given it 4/5 based on THIS experience alone, but because of the last few times here, which were a 1/5,  I'm going average it out to a 3/5).
5	The best arepa I have had in Montreal
4	Set to a charming soundtrack of Latin version remixes of popular artists mixed in with Latin music, we were greeted by a super-pleasant and friendly server. My friend and I couldn't help but notice how much fun it seemed like everyone working in this restaurant was having.  I loved the little touches like the board with the 'word of the week' in English, French and Spanish, and the kitschy, brightly colored fun decor.  I also loved the piles of fresh ingredients by the counters - plantains, avocados, cassava. Very cool. The menu is pretty complete - for those that are unaware, an arepa is a gluten-free cornbread sandwich. The menu is laid out with meat, vegetarian and vegan options all clearly marked.  Prices are very reasonable, and the selection of options is great. They had, when I was there, 4 kinds of fresh juices, one of which I recognized (mango). I opted for lulu, a kind of colombian fruit I had never heard of and had a shark and plantain arepa. We also shared the cassava chips.  The arepas come with avocado sauce (yum!) and hot sauce (yes, it is hot), as well as a small watercress salad. For two arepas, cassava chips and a juice, the total was $24 after tax but pre-tip. I will say that although our service was excellent, and the owner offered us a free dessert (I have no idea what it was but it was tasty!) for no particular reason, I did notice a customer that came after us waiting quite a long time without attention. I'm guessing service here is a bit hit or miss.
4	I have no idea if this is authentic but I can say that it's delicious and the staff are wonderful. We've done takeout a few times which is particularly wise on weekends when the place is jumping.  One of the best "bang for the buck" places in the plateau.
4	For the fresh faced, wide-eyed tourist to Montreal, this place definitely tests your linguistic skills and culture shock. It was amazing to me to hear French first, Spanish - and then English.   Mind you, they speak English everywhere in Montreal but on my first day here, it was still taking some adjusting to.This is a small Venezuelan restaurant with a family run feel. Food focused with homeland inspired decor are what you will notice upon walking in.  Give yourself a few moments and your ears will be filled with house mixes of every single famous Latin singer you can think of. I loved it! The main focus is the arepa.  Something I first heard of on an episode of Bobby Flays Throw down (he lost).  It is a South American bread made of corn not flour so are an excellent gluten free option.  They can be grilled, baked or fried. The exterior tends to be on the crunchier side while the interior has a more gritty, texturized interior.I chose the stewed chicken arepa and my friend had the shark arepa. (As a side note, the menu is also in English).  I was most curious to try the shark.  They are presented stuffed into the arepa with a side  watercress salad. Hot sauce and avocado dressing/sauce to flavour.The shark tasted like, well, fish. I had no idea what I was expecting but it certainly tasted flatter than my expectation.  It was flaky like canned tuna.  Same with the chicken arepa which incidentally drips like crazy. Be warned if you are wearing something light. It is messy.The cassava chips were crispy and even better with the addictive avocado dip. The avocado sauce was an incredible surprise to me! I don't like avocado and however they make this stuff, made me love it.  I can still taste it.  So good!Incredibly inexpensive, friendly people and quick service. You really can't go wrong in trying something different.
5	Fantastic gluten free options! Great service
4	PROS:1. Food was yummy and portions were very generous! I had an Arepa and it was ginormous! 2. Great place for a cheap, filling, tasty lunch.3. The restaurant is colorful, fun and delightful. The juice bar guy was really friendly and had a great sense of humor. OVERALL:-The restaurant was so charming I'd feel bad putting cons! It's a nice place to go for lunch and fresh juice concoctions during the summer.
4	Arepera has amazing varieties of arepas; from pulled pork, braised beef and fish to great vegetarian and vegan options. They also make an effort to inform everyone that they use exclusively grain-fed chicken from Voilaillees et Bibiers Fernando a butcher shop right around the corner. It's refreshing to know that there now is an option where meat eaters, vegetarians, gluten sensitive, and... vegans... can eat under the same roof and that roof not having to be a park chalet and the meal being a potluck.
4	I was skeptical that a Venezuelan restaurant in Quebec could be authentic, but I ran into the owner while strolling down Duluth one night and discovered that he'd come to Montreal for school and stayed. He talked me into coming there to eat the next night and I'm glad I did.I'm a vegetarian and South American food is not generally vegetarian friendly, but Arepera du Plateau is an exception. There were at least ten vegetarian arepas, plus at least one vegetarian entry. On the recommendation of the waitress, I ordered the arepas filled with garlic mushrooms. They were excellent. The arepa was crisp and tasty, and the mushrooms succulent. I also had plantains and a fruit juice made from a Colombian fruit, lulu, recommended by my waitress. The plaintains were what I expected but the juice was a pleasant surprise. So far this is the best meal I've had in my four days in Montreal.
4	Great little spot if you're looking for a tasty, filling meal for cheap. The atmosphere is similar to a diner, and best for a lunch with a friend or a quick, cheap supper. Avocado sauce on everything, pretty much. The corn bread is great, but expands in your stomach after you eat it, so be careful not to overeat. I went for a fast and easy supper and in the end, ordered too much food because I didn't realize how filling the sandwiches would be. A sandwich is enough, believe me. Very friendly cooks and a jovial atmosphere.
5	Really good food. Their chicken avocado was delicious.
5	Tasty, fun, cheap and filling! I loved the different fruit drinks available and the delicious sauces.
4	My venezuelan friends are the ones that took me here to try some typical venezuelan food. I loved how something so simple was so flavorful and also filling. The place is really small and tends to be packed, if you sit around for too long during peak times, you will be asked to leave (sometimes not in a very nice manner).
5	We tried going to scwartz's deli and the line was too long, so we came here instead.  I am so glad because it was one of our best meals.  Juices were delicious, as were the appetizers and areperas.  We loved the black bean soup, fried plantains, and queso.  Kids and adults were happy.
4	Hilarious I ate here mostly because I knew I wouldn't have to speak French. But jokes aside, I thought it was an interesting choice having never had it before and knowing it was gluten-free sold me. A bit of a wait, but not especially long. Service was excellent, my arepa was filling and I probably should've had a second because it was so good. A nice gem of a spot in Montreal that's affordable, off the beaten path a bit and completely worth your time.
5	I wasn't sure at first when my wife suggested it, because I thought it couldn't be as "authentic" as advertised. But boy oh boy was I ever wrong! The food was amazing, the fresh juice bar was amazing, and the ambiance was awesome. We sampled both the Vegan and meat plates which fully satisfied our hunger and left us wanting more, not because there wasn't plenty of food, but because it was just so delicious! Classic Latin music plays from a single speaker above the bar setting the perfect mood. Service is quick, home made sauces are magic on your tongue, and the price tag is cheap. If you're in Montreal you have to go check this place out!
4	I've been 3+ times. VERY GOOD. One time they totally forgot our order until we brought it up 45 minutes later (we had to take it to go as we had to be somewhere, but they gave it to us for free), granted I think the waiter was new. Usually the service is good. Options for everyone here (from vegan to carnivore), and I love the atmosphere. I will be back! AND ITS SO AFFORDABLE. Yum.
4	LOVE! This place is great and the arepas are pretty fantastic! If you haven't had an arepa, check this place out ... if you've had arepas and don't get excited about them, check this place out. Arepera Du Plateau is a small, but not uncomfortable, corner location, with a brightly decorated interior and friendly staff ... no outdoor seating offered (I would love if this changed!). As the name suggests, the emphasis is on arepas, which are offered up in a variety of combinations can satisfy omnivores, vegetarians and vegans alike. Arepas can be ordered a la carte with salads and sides or as platers (either way only 1 arepa is needed for most people). They don't serve alcohol (I would love if this also changed!) but they do offer a range of fruit drinks which are good ... a little sweet for my taste but good.While never feeling rushed, the overall experience is all pretty quick (even at peak times). For this reason I wouldn't recommend this if you're looking for an "evening out" destination ... it's more along the lines of a grabbing something good to eat without all the frills. I'm already thinking of the next visit and trying to figure out what's in that green sauce!  TIP: If the tables are full, even if there's a few people in line waiting, wait. The tables turn relatively quickly.
4	Eating arepas is a messy delight. I frequently had smears of the green and red sauces they offered along with our meal spread across my face. I had napkins. I could deal. I ordered the black bean and plantain arepa and loved it. The service was attentive, and the restaurant was small but festive. It looked like you could order and eat out front, which would be an excellent way to enjoy the meal.There are plenty of vegetarian and vegan options. A place for anyone to be happy, unless they don't enjoy a little sauciness.
5	Great little restaurant tucked between Rue St. Laurent and Rue St. Denis. The green sauce is simply fantastic, put it on everything. We got a #1 and a #12, both were fantastic paired with the fried plantains. The people at the restaurant are also super nice and for a traveling American, it was pretty cool to hear French, Spanish, and English all at the same time.
5	Cheap and deelish, I adore this place. Tiny, cute little spot  with lots of choices for vegetarians and when the guy warns you that the sauce is hot, it's actually hot! The juice bar has to be my favourite part though: fresh passion fruit juice? Hell yeah.
5	I came to Montreal for the weekend and as always I don't go out to eat without checking yelp and came a long this little venezuelian place. I have to say i was hooked immediately being from NY I had my experiences with arepas and I have to say this time was even better. I had two and their where great, I had the chicken in advicado sauce and chicken chorizo with grill onions and peppers and my girlfriend had the Ham and Cheese with perico. All three where great so I highly recommended it. Enjoy.
4	My boyfriend recently discovered this place and decided to introduce me to it. I have never had Venezuelan food and this was definitely a wonderful first for me. THe sandwiches on corn bread were fantastic and fresh out of the oven. The avocado salsa was wonderfully spicy and tasty. You get great food for a cheap price. Can't wait to go back
5	The arapas are amazing! The service is snappy and the atmosphere is very festive. If you are looking for a quick bite to eat in the plateau check this place out.
3	Place to not too hard to find, its an OK place, great customer service, Food wise not a great fan, I had tried similar ones in other places, lack authenticity..pretty blan..After trying few recommended drinks, only good one is LULU.....desert are ok, Food is not expensive its varies from 8-14bucksIts a good place to go with a group, not always busy from my experience based on a friday night...Not something I will try again.
4	Just tried Arepera for the first time today. Glad we took a chance! We went around 6pm on a Tuesday and had the place to ourselves. It was nice and toasty warm inside and I didn't envy the cold looking pedestrians outside. Our server was awesome! He was friendly but professional and very fast. He offered advice on what to order when asked as well. We had a side order of Yuca chips with avocado cream to start. The chips were slightly salty with a tinge of sweetness and a decent crisp to them. Avocado cream (which was given in a squirt bottle for the main meal as well) was great, just a hint of cilantro and a nice zesty sourness to it. We covered everything with it lol. For the main, I ordered (on the advice of our server) the 35, which was a plate with baked pork, and my companion ordered the 36 which was stewed shredded chicken in tomato sauce. Each dish came with lovely fluffy rice, a large order of black beans with a bit of feta cheese on top, some plantains and one side of their corn bread (arepera). The plate was huge! Or maybe it's because there is so much carb on the plate, but I had to watch myself from eating too much of the side dishes instead of the meat because you get very full really quickly on the plantains/rice/beans! The pork in my dish came in several slices and while all of it was very tasty and had a good salt content, a few pieces were a bit dry. My companion's chicken was great! I initially wanted to order that too but was worried when I saw it was in tomato sauce, since I generally don't like overly tomato-y acidic sauces. This, however, barely tasted of tomato to me! It was just a nice soft, shredded tasty chicken. I think I will have that next time we go! The corn bread was warm and dense, but a bit heavy for me by itself considering all the other carbs already on the plate. The beans were lovely and I doused them with avocado to make them even more yummy. Along with the avocado cream mentioned above, they also put a bottle of a spicy condiment on the table. It was very tasty, but really a zinger if not careful! The plates are all $14 I believe, while the sandwhiches, depending on filling were $5-6 for vegetarian fillings and around $8-$9 for meat/fish options. Place gets at least half a start added for it being a great option for gluten-free (virtually the whole menu save for their sausage) and a lot of vegetarian options. While I don't have these restrictions, I appreciate that places like this exist for those who do.Good value and the staff was fun! One of the chefs in the kitchen (open to the rest of the resto, kept clapping and singing. Nice place in the area and will definitely go back.
3	Went back last night and had the 36, the shredded chicken in tomato sauce. While the beans and rice were still very tasty and still loved the avocado cream sauce, I noticed the chicken was really dry :( It was edible and had a good flavor, but the dryness really took it down a notch. Not sure if it's just an off day or they always make it like that.
3	The place is over rated, the pabellon is not that great. The rice is dry and the prices are too much for the food I get. I was expecting more... Meh!
4	I'm super down with Arepera (and loving the Palindrome restaurant name too!)I actually had never heard of an arepa before and I'll have to say, I've been missing out! Not really knowing what to expect, two of my friends and I decide to head on over, and try this little gem of a place out! Holy cow! Sooo many options. After narrowing down, the options: I settled on a vegan choice of tomato, avocado, coriander, and lemon and added some delicious cheese (recommendation from the server!) Totally filling, totally delicious, my friends chose the chorizo sandwich, and another the same as me with added beef. We also ordered the Yuca chips and guacamole sauce. One amazing thing, is the offer of DIY saucing of your sandwich, that was a huge bonus! Can't wait to show all my friends this wonderful place.
5	Revelatory comfort food.. I've known about the arepa trend for a while, have had a few, but these guys nailed it.  Really comforting, sane portions, good fast service, clean and fresh ingredients.  I've gone back here numerous times and have always been satisfied.
2	I really wanted to like this place but found the food mediocre and overpriced. My friend and I tried two items from the vegan menu (the guacamole and the grilled veg arepas). They cost $8-$8.50 each and we were both underwhelmed and still hungry after eating them. Also, even though we ordered off the vegan menu, the arepas came with tiny side salads that were topped with a mayo dressing. When we explained that we didn't eat mayo they replaced them with two plain salads (just lettuce). I would only return here if the arepas were about half the price, or at least included more substantial sides.
5	I can't get enough of this place. It is by far my favorite restaurant in Montreal. Huge selection of arepas to choose from. Give the chorizo de jabali or shark a try. So good! Where they really get you is the sauce. Load up your arepa with green avocado sauce  the lather on some red spicy sauce. DO IT EVERY BITE. The house juices are fresh squeezed and delicious. If I lived on this side of town I would be in here every week. You can't go wrong.
2	I was a little disappointed on my last visit to Areperas... I ordered number 31 which is a vegan arepas under the vegan list on the menu. This comes with the regular salad that comes with every sandwich. Well my arepas was vegan but I started eating my salad and realized the avocado sauce was a little creamy. I asked the waitress and it turns out that there is mayonnaise in the avocado sauce. Why the heck would they list something on the menu as being vegan when in fact the entire dish is not at all vegan. It makes no sense. I tried to explain this to the waitress but they don't get it. I wonder  how many vegans ate the vegan dish and didn't realize it's not completely vegan. The waitress took my salad and didn't bring me back another salad without the sauce. I had to ask. Lack of common sense. In general the food is okay and the waitresses are nice. The portions are kind of small in general. I will not go back.
5	Another day out in Montreal looking for good food and finding it thanks to Yelp.  I love arepas, and Arepera du Plateau delivered.  Walked in planning to get something with avocadoes, and was steered towards #8 "La Llanera" which is "carne mechada" with feta cheese and avocado.  Delicious, big, and came with a little salad with avocado dressing maybe?  I dunno but it was good.  Enjoyed both the avocado sauce and the hot sauce, too.  Quick service, too!
5	Born in Venezuela though a Chicago resident, I've seen my fair share of Venezuelan areperas and restaurants. This one is by far the best food I've had outside of Venezuela. I had La llanera which had a delicious pulled pork filling, stuffed with cheese and avocados. I also had the smoked salmon arepa. Both were large portions and reasonably priced. I should have only done one but I had to try more than one.They come with a light salad. Make sure you add the avocado sauce.... a staple in Venezuelan cuisine. The atmosphere brought me memories of my childhood back in Venezuela....filled with music and a laid back ambience.I wish there was a restaurant like this back in Chicago. In the mean time, this will be a for-sure stop next time I'm in Montreal.
5	Cheap and delicious. Need I say more? Portion sizes are great. It can get busy, so if you want, you can call ahead and order take out. They'll have it ready for you when you get there. My favourite arepas (kind of like sandwiches) are the reina (chicken and avocado) and the bean and plaintain. The advantage to eating in is that the restaurant is nice and bright inside and you get a free watercress salad when you eat in.
5	Delicious! Had the pabellon, ham and cheese arepa, side dish of plantains and mango juice and everything was amazing. Great flavors and reasonably priced. Service couldn't have been warmer. Will definitely be back next time on next visit in town.
4	This place was great. Appearance leaves something to be desired, but the food is fantastic. The raw sugar cane and lemon juice (traditional Venezuelan drink) is unbelievable. You'd think it would taste like lemonade but it tastes so so much better than that. I also had the Smoked Salmon Avocado Arepa with added sauteed veggies... Delicious! I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. And the portions are so big you will not leave unsatisfied. Highly recommended, decently priced. Give it a try for sure if you're in the area.
4	Reminds me of Caracas in NYC! The restaurant is pretty small with maybe 10 tables. The wait is pretty easy for a party of 2 (around 15 mins or so), but another party of 4 probably waited closer to 45 mins-1 hr.Make sure to get the fresh squeezed juices. They are $3 each, and there are many varieties. We had the passion fruit, which was very good and refreshing.One arepa per person here is enough for a meal (vs. I can eat 2-3 at Caracas). These arepas are stuffed to the max and each come with a small salad with nuts and avocado cream.We ordered:#32 tomato, coriander, avocado and added roasted pork for $2. This one was okay. It tasted like pork with salsa in an arepa. #1 carne mechada (also known as ropa vieja or shredded beef) with black beans, cheese, and plantains. This one was delicious, probably why it's #1 on the menu. It's a classic with succulent and tender beef paired with the sweet and soft plantains.The arepa itself is really good. It tastes fresh, and it is has a soft interior but chewy exterior. Accepts credit cards, we didn't have any trouble with not speaking French, and street parking was a nightmare.
5	This place is wonderful. The food is fresh and flavours refreshing. Not diet restricted myself but had a friend with me who was very impressed and ate happily with a good deal of choice still. I plan to come back here the chorizo was great.Finally can't thank them for service enough the owner is a fantastic dude with a great staff. Everyone seemed to be in good spirits and it payed off in the experience!
5	I stayed around the corner from here while in the city for a month on a yoga/meditation training. As one would imagine, many of my training counterparts were veg. Areperas suited us all. As other reviewers noted, the sauces are not to be missed. My favorite was the hot, however the "green" sauce mustn't be discounted by any stretch.My personal favorite was the boar chorizo arepa, which during my stay was switched to a regular pork chorizo to allow it to be gluten free. The boar had a cerveza marinade in it. Tastes pretty much the same if I'm honest. Others loved the 3 cheese, the shredded chicken with tomato and pork/bean. They also had these massive plates that had rice, plantanos, meat & possibly slices of avocado. Loads of good, savory home style cooking (not that I could come up with this at home), but it tastes like it comes from a home kitchen. In summary, go there. Support local.
4	Very good arepa place!  Great options for vegetarians, the arepas and plate options are really tasty. Service is friendly and attentive. The areas are a good size, one can feel you up and they are served with a little salad. The decor is very fun and warm.
5	Best showcase of Venezuelan arepas in the city. Price is right, lots of choices, great service. This people really thought it through. They serve a very good product overall. Highly recommended.
4	This place introduced me (and perhaps the city) to the Arepas. These soft corn based bread which is stuffed with awesomeness, be it meat, poultry or veggies.The Arepa (bread) is gluten free, so yay for celiac sufferers, the other ingredients I am not sure. Vege friendly yes, vegan friendly - not to my knowledge.If people LOVE their spicy sauce, they have two excellent sauces. The red sauce has lots of heat (go easy on this one) and their green sauce is avocado based with a touch of cilantro/coriander and is packed with flavour.Messy eaters be warned, the stuffing can fall out so eat in small bites and use food physics to your advantage!
