4	A great romantic place to take the lady out on a night for some french food....elegant and classy is to describe the environment...there isnt much selection in the menu but the wine is superior....another great thing about this place is that it opens late til 11pm
4	Montreal's bistro scene is a bit overloaded - two years ago this place would have gotten 5 stars but the total overload of French restos in the Plateau is starting to fatigue everyone. They're all generally good but they're so similar, they're starting to blend into one another.Cocagne, in particular, has a really open, light layout. There's lots of space but it's no cavernous and impersonal. The decor is simple and elegant - red accents throughout, dark wood, and some really colorful striking artwork adds the right ambience. The service is great - the two waiters were extremely friendly and very verbose in their descriptions of everything offered. We went with some lamb ravioli, roasted piglet, roasted fowl, and chocolate/hazelnut cake. Everything was perfectly done, nicely presented, and delicious. The bill came to a predictable $160 for two, including wine, and that's sort of the theme here - predictable, good bistro fare.Overall, nothing too risque - Cocagne is just a good, simple, solid experience. I would definitely go back.
4	All I can say is wow. What a place. The restaurant is small and cozy. Service was kind and hospitable. The food is presented so elegantly and nicely that you don't want to touch it. It is a work of art. My bison with vegetables was amazing and melted in my mouth. It all went down like a dream with a nice bottle of red French wine. My family and I sat and lingered to the point where the food and wine had been so satisfying, I was actually getting a little uncomfortable and falling asleep! I had been a long day anyways and this was the ideal way to top it off. Expensive, but worth it. We will be back!
2	Hadn't been here in many many years. The atmosphere is wonderful and the food is plated so well. The service was okay for most of the meal, but failed between mains and dessert when the waiter just seemed to disappear. While the appetizers (a soup and a salad) were wonderful, the mains were too salty (ravioli) and well the beef tartare had so much mustard that we wondered if we should call it mustard tartare instead. We actually wondered if maybe the chef had a cold and wasn't tasting his food. Definitely not to our taste. Considering that we held this restaurant in such high esteem and how wonderfully balanced the salad was, we were shocked at how ill prepared the mains were. It's too bad, because the location is wonderful and romantic.
4	I went there with a group of five and we were the only one in the restaurant on -a Sunday evening at 9pm. Apart from that, the food was great. And the service was good too. I started with some good venison. Then we shared some amazing foie gras: very fatty and delicious. Then I had the shrimp risotto (that was not the greatest) and I finished with a white-chocolate dacquoise. I would normally not take white chocolate but it was delicious and I'd take it again.
