5	I got a facial and bought skincare products and absolutely love and was thoroughly impressed with the wealth of information and shared beauty secrets. I was astonished that after one treatment my skin appeared to look as though I had a mini facelift. The atmosphere had a peaceful, zen like ambience.Summer was very passionate about her work and I will defiantly go back. I have continued using her medical grade products that are available for purchase on her website at fiveyearsyoungerskincare.com
5	Found Five Years Younger with a groupon last November, and I haven't let anyone else touch my skin since then! My adult acne was so consistent/bad that I never left my home without makeup. Summer not only got got rid of the acne, but my acne scars as well. Her products are the best and she gives great at home remedies for any issues. Additionally, Summer always makes you feel like you're scheduling time with a good friend, not just someone to fix your skin; she'll make you feel at home on your first appointment. After spending money on spas/estheticians with no results, Summer is worth every penny! I finally love my skin enough, I can skip the makeup!
5	I've gotten a few facials from different places and have been satisfied but no where near as satisfied as I was with Summer! The treatments I have received (microdermabrasion and dermasound) were done perfectly. They left my skin feeling smooth, tight,  and so clear. I just purchased her new "at home" kit. I used it for the first time last night and my face has never looked this good with self treatments. My face is glowing and my make up looks perfect over my skin. Not only does it look amazing... it looks amazing just the next day. I have never before come across a product I can use at home that will give me results in just one night. I suffer from occasional break outs and her products and facials work so well to clear my skin and fade scars.  I won't ever go to a different skin care provider. Her room is beautiful, dim, and relaxing. She is so friendly and makes you feel so comfortable. Anyone looking for a wonderful facial or cleansing products for an amazingly reasonable price, you must see Summer at Five Years Younger!
5	I've been a member of Groupon for years and have tried many places but finally I found the best in all of Vegas...Thank you Summer! For providing the best facial ever and for being the sweetest person and giving some great advice to always be positive in life. I've enjoyed my time and experience at your hands every time and looking forward for many more visits.
5	Summer is an amazing woman! Not only is she highly professional and very knowledgeable about what she's doing, she's also the sweetest, kindest, and most caring skin expert I've ever been to. She treats you as though you're her best friend, and unlike other facial spas I've been to, the service does not at all feel rushed. During the 90 minutes I spent in her super cozy and relaxing spa room, I felt that I already got to know Summer, and I had a really good time with lots of interesting conversation topics. She also prioritized my wellness over her potential to make money, and gave me advice for where to buy cheap, but high quality, skin care products. Despite her not at all trying to push her own products on me, I really wanted to try them, and I purchased one of her kits. After my first treatment with Summer, I could see clear improvements in my skin, and the products that I bought from her have helped maintain these results. My skin now got a nice glow, and the acne cleared up. The line that had started to appear in my forehead is also no longer visible, a magic that previous facial treatments weren't able to perform. I can't wait to go back! It's just as nice as going out for a cup of coffee with a good friend, and you get to improve your skin drastically in the process of doing so. Summer also offers very reasonable prices, less than half of what you would pay for the same treatment elsewhere in the city (and less than a third of what I would have to pay in New York), but the quality is even better than what I've experienced at competitors. I can wholeheartedly recommend Summer for the next time you go get your facial treatment, and you won't regret checking out her business!
5	Oh my god, she is awesome ! That's all I can say.  I was struggling with terrible acne since I came here in Vegas because of climate changes so I decided to get some help. I purchased some peel treatments on groupon and she did a great job on my skin.  She is so fun and does amazing work, by the time she finishes and you look in the mirror, you feel pretty amazing about the way you look. You can totally tell the differences before and after the treatments. Needless to say, She is very professional and definitely knows what she is doing.  Not only that she always makes me feel like I'm her daughter lol like She takes the time and care to make me feel beautiful inside and out and always makes me feel as if It's all about ME :) She listens you, and understand what will work for your skin type and condition.Over all I'm very satisfied with my results, and am thankful for her caring and skillful service. Thank you summer ! You are the BEST ! !
5	Summer is wonderful!!  She takes her time with you and explains what she is putting on your skin and why. She also gives you tips on how to manage your skincare at home. My skin looks so much better than it did when I walked in.  I have had many facials at different spas in Vegas and I have been looking for someone to help me develop a  skincare plan. She has helped me do just that.  I will definitely will be recommending Summer and Five Years Younger to everyone!
5	Found Five Years Younger with groupon. And I just wanted to say Summer is awesome.  My skin looks and feels great. Summer explains each process and it's benefits.  I will be going to her for now on.
5	I love Summer Massoud! She is so warm and welcoming. She made sure I knew all I could about taking care of my skin and gave great advice. She loves to share her wealth of knowledge about skin care so everyone can look beautiful! My skin was AMAZING after my facial and looked even better this morning! Such a great experience, I can't wait for my next one!
5	Fabulous as always!! Never disappointed with my facial! Relaxing, enjoyable, great information on the latest skin care, AND I leave with perfect, beautiful skin! What could be better...!!
5	Summer is amazing! I will never get a facial anywhere else. She has so much passion for her work and you can tell. Top of the line products and machines. I know I'm getting more than my moneys worth here. My skin has never been so clean and soft in my life. Thank you Summer. Going to send all my friends to you.
5	The next morning after my facial my daughter caressed my check and  said," mommy your skin feels so soft." That was the best birthday gift . I really love facials now thx to Summer!
5	With her experience, amazing touch, and great education she passes on to her clients, what is not to love!!  Can't wait to return!  My skin is GORGEOUS!!  Thanks for another perfect facial!
5	Summer is your only contact at Five Years Younger. She's the owner of not only the company, but also the magical hands that do the incredible work! She is extremely personable and knows how to customize a facial to suit each and every client she sees. She is bubbly and energetic, but takes skin care seriously. It's so refreshing to meet someone like her who really cares about your skin as much as you do. I have suffered for many years with my acne-prone skin, but she uses the right products for me, and with the DermaSound machine that she has, my skin has *literally* never looked better in the past 10 years! Thank you, Summer!!
5	I found 5 years younger on yelp and saw the great reviews and that is why I chose this place. Not only can I say that I was glad I met Summer, but she exceeded my expectations. We instantly clicked and I no longer felt like her customer, but it was almost like a mother/daughter relationship. She was truly looking out for my best interest. She took the time to show me how to take care of my skin and what products I can go out and buy to get the same results without burning a hole in my pocket. I have acne scarring from years ago and I still get occassional breakouts. I have tried everything, but it only seemed to help temporarily or not at all. That night I told my mom all about her and that she has see her (she lives in Nebraska by the way). Summer spent an hour on the phone talking to my mom and the problems she's been having with her skin. My mom is not only visiting me this month, but Summer too :)  It has been 1 week since my first appointment with Summer and I can see a huge difference! I can see the scarring and blemishes fading away, my skin looking more even toned, and my skin is clearing up beautifully. It's hard to find someone to trust and take so much of their time to make sure that you not only have a great experience with them, but you can take that experience home and continue to have beautiful skin. My next appointment is coming up soon and I am really excited to see the results after this appointment. Not only did I learn a lot about taking care of my skin with my appointment with Summer, but I really had a great time. She is so down to earth and she has this good aura about her that is really contagious. I am very thankful I met her and there is nobody else I would trust my skin with. Thank you so Summer!
5	Summer (owner) is very good at what she does.  My skin feels amazing. Getting a facial from Summer felt like hanging out with an old college roommate minus the alcohol. It was all good!
