4	New City Church was formed out of Poiema Church and Day 12 Church joining forces to reach into the heart of Phoenix.Great place to feel comfortable as a person while be challenged in your faith. Don't come here if you want to keep living life as you have.Put on some flip flops, bring your old fashioned bible, or ipad with a bible app, and you'll fit right in!
5	I spent a LOT of time testing out churches in Central Phoenix and didn't find one that felt like home until I came to New City Church (then Poiema). The people are genuine, the music is out of this world and the messages are always intriguing, insightful and applicable to life today. For anyone who is looking for a "small church" feel with all the amenities of a big church, New City would be a perfect fit. The children's ministry is great, too. The "congregation" is such a unique and eclectic mix of people that every Sunday feels liking hanging out with the "cool crowd" for worship. :)
5	So I feel kinds a weird writing a review about a church. But I love this church. I was hopping around and hoping to find a place where I could share my love for Jesus and feel like I belong. New City feels like home. Lots of amazing community, worship team literally rocks, and Pastor Brian really hits home with his teaching. Plus this church really is part of Phoenix. Lots of outreach which I really appreciate.
5	This is my home church when I attend college in phoenix. I absolutely love it, the atmosphere and community really make you feel at home. Pastor Brian always has great messages. Check it out!
5	We love New City Church!We have an almost-4-year-old and an almost-2-year-old that attend with us and go to New City Kids. They love their teachers and activities, and it really makes it easy for us as parents to enjoy the service. Pastor JJ really makes us feel welcome and a part of the NCK community!The teaching for adults is always great, but the best part is the worship...You should probably check it out - Sunday services at 830, 10, 1130 and a 530 PM service is starting on 9/15/13
5	We were passing through on Easter weekend on trip and found NewCity on Yelp (honestly still surprised I would look there). Went to website and could see it was the kind of community that we love in a church, so showed up for Easter service. Amazing. We're from Katy Tx and Easter was our 40th wedding anniversary - that said we were twice the average age.  While we are used to that and love it, everyone we met went out of there way to seek us out with a smile and and welcome. The worship was wonderful and the Pastor is so real and and passionate. We would be regulars in a heart beat if we lived in Phoenix. We have been to so many churches around the country - you have an incredible reflection of real community and Christ-like followers. Phoenix don't miss the opportunity to see that for yourself.
5	This church is amazing, they're open, non judgmental, kind, amazing, and supportive people. It's modern and constantly changing and growing.
5	We visited here today from out of town.  Worship was amazing and it really ushered in the spirit of the Lord.  Although I felt in my spirit how uncomfortable many were about the message (premarital, marital, and celebration of sexual intimacy) I believe it was in line with Gods purpose for that message.My hubby and I already have that open line of communication with our children, it gave a perfect opportunity to revisit the subject with our college student and middle school child.I feel the pastor of this church hears from God and delivers God message as best he can under the time he's been alotted.  I plan to visit whenever I'm in Phoenix on a Sunday.
5	This is our home church. We love it. Great community of Christians focused on positively affecting Phoenix. Our kids love the children's program and we love the environment there. I like the teaching, the music, the flow, but we have come to LOVE the community and the friendships we've developed there.
5	Ummm why haven't I already rated this place??New City is the absolute best!I grew up going to a huge mega church my entire life.  Three years ago I decided it was my time to find a new home church.  I checked out a couple of friends churches...eh, not my fit. Then was told by like four friends within a week about this new church called New City.I checked it out and felt right at home from the very first step when I walked in.  Now a lot has changed at New City - the growth has been incredible and there aren't free doughnuts - BUT they preach the word straight up, the worship is incentive, the community is AMAZING.  New City is everything you need in a church.The location is super great too!You get fed, there's fruit, there is fellowship and I fit in!Plus they have Lux Coffee in the lobby if that isn't the best bonus!If you're looking for a bible believing church that is genuine and real. Check out New City!
