2	Coworker gave rave reviews about this company, I choose to drive out to this location as it had the soonest availability. Made an appointment for adult acne with Dr. Hall. Waited for an hour and a half in the waiting room, and only saw the doc for two maybe three minutes (wasn't in the consultation room for more than 5mins). He shined a light and looked at my skin, went to his chair and asked me a few questions bout what I had used in the past, gave me some prescriptions and I was ushered out. Maybe my old dermatologist was extra special, as he would do extractions and detailed consolations... Not just give me a script, I could have done that for half the price with my GP.
1	horrible,  horrible,  horrible customer service!!! they only care about money... not their patients! !! do not go there!!!!!
5	I've seen Dr. Brent Michaels here twice on 4-12-14 and 5-13-14. Both times were great. The location is great for me, as I live nearby. The building looks nice, and it has a nice parking lot. Handicapped spaces are always open when I go there. The office staff is nice. Once you're established, you walk in, sign in, put your arrival time down, then your appointment time next to it. After that, you wait, watch HDTV on their nice screen in the waiting room, and their big styrofoam cups are at the desk on the left side. They have a nice water cooler there if you need some cold water.Dr. Michaels is nice, friendly, and knowledgeable. His nurse assisted him for my biopsy this time. I didn't feel a thing. It was painless for the shot to numb me, and painless for the scrape to do the biopsy. Dr. Michaels gave me a prescription for my severe eczema, and gave me some advise on how to take care of my rashes all over different spots on my body. I'm satisfied with Dr. Brent Michaels, and his nurse. She was very helpful.
2	I had appt with Doctor Meghan How ever she din't  show up as she was Sick I get it everyone gets Sick However that is not the Point..Front Desk Judy she just had a straight additude she was definitely not happy to be there Overall she is Unprofessional, i even over heard her go to the techs and told them how stupid I was and how I gave her additude and other Nonsense  **OVERALL** patients should NOT get Treated like this. I was mistreated I got to my appt in time I waited one Hour to get treated How ever the service that I received from the asst and Doctor Michaels was Excellent. Judy needs some training on how to treat the patients with respect and By being more proffesional the other girls there as well very Unprofessional they need to stop talking about patients as we can all hear what they say..
