2	This week, I took my son to see the "Chipmunks Squeakquel" (or whatever it's called). We've been here several times before, since it is in the University City area near where we live. There is plenty of parking. Lines for tickets are usually long, and uncomfortable in the cold, blowing wind of December, or the humid summer heat, for that matter. (Why can't they put the ticket counters on the INSIDES of theaters? This is one tradition that should be broken soon!)  Matinee tickets for the two of us were $13.50. The theater itself is in good shape. Movies are usually in focus, and the sound is usually okay, with some distortion, but not great. (Frankly, DVDs sound better in my living room.)BUT: Concessions are a complete rip-off. I usually know this, but Jay talked me into it. We got a medium (huge!) popcorn, two "small" bladder-busting drinks, and a box of Twizzlers. Twenty friggin' bucks! I'm sure the DVD wouldn't cost $33.50 to buy, and we could watch it over and over. (I doubt we'll be buying it... the movie is grade B entertainment. Funny once, but pretty stupid to watch as a rerun.)The restroom had no paper towels, and the trash cans were overflowing. A smell of stale vomit permeated the area by the sinks. For a family, I think money spent on a large LCD TV and a home theater in a box sound system is a wise investment. Rent movies from Red Box or Netflix, or hook up an Apple TV or something similar, and you have a better "movie-NOT-going" experience. I can make much better (and less expensive!) popcorn, and the adults and I can have a beer. AND, I can pause the movie for those all-important, "Let's all go to the lobby" breaks.Every time I go to the theater to see a flick on the big screen, I'm more and more disappointed by the experience. I guess a lot of others feel the same way, since the theater we were in was nearly empty.It's a pity; you would think they would set the prices low enough to ensure all the seats are filled at most screenings. If they used some basic Economics 101 theory in their marketing model, and made a little on each of a lot of people, the total revenue would be maximized, and everyone would win. But as it is, they're losing more and more of us to the home theater market for 90+% of our movie-viewing dollars.
4	I have been here several times and always have had a good time for  a couple of reasons.1) I haven't found it as crowded as other theaters.  Often It has been just myself and friends in a particular theater.2) It is directly off the interstate so easy to get to and back on the interstate.  If you are looking to be spontaneous and watch a movie I think this is a good place. If you have a bit more time to plan, wade thru traffic off Bruton Smith Blvd, etc, try and find parking around the mall etc, then go to AMC.   This is a good little theater with a lot to offer but its really up to what type of experience you are looking for.  if you want a quiet time and don't have time to waste to catch a movie ie spontaneous with friends;  go here.
4	Stopped in for a movie on a Saturday night with my Mom and sister.  Parking wasn't a problem.  No wait for tickets, but I must complain that they did not have a military discount.  Most theaters do.  There was also no line for the snacks at the food counter!  I got my usual kiddie combo.  The staff were super friendly, helpful, and attempted their usual up-sell but not in an annoying manner.  I saw a room reserved for birthday parties which I thought was cute.  The theater itself had plenty of room and wasn't that full.  The chairs were comfortable although one chair my sister initially sat in was missing an arm.  We moved over and the 3 of us got quite comfy.  The screen had great visuals and the surround sound was great, mind you we were seeing Black Swan, which is a ballet film.  Good experience at this theater.
5	On the Fourth of July, our 9-year-old wanted to take us to a movie, his treat. We looked around to see where we could see Cars 2 for a reasonable amount of money and found this place. As we are new to the area, we thought it would be fun to try it out, especially as it is less expensive than other locations nearby. (Our boy was being sweet. Did not want him to go completely broke while being sweet.) We are completely sold on this location now. The ticket cashier was nice. She was smiling and friendly to those ahead of us in line, and she seemed to get in the spirit of things when she saw how excited our son was to be paying our way. The theater was awesome. Clean and spacious. The sound was not loud. The room was not cold. There were no issues with the picture.The restroom was a pleasant surprise. I am accustomed to most theaters having clean restrooms first thing in the morning and being - hopefully - somewhat bearable after that. We were there mid-afternoon on a holiday, and the ladies room was clean. Paper products stocked. Floors dry.
3	These days we only seem to see shows "out" when we get tickets to a preview screening (thanks, Nicole!), and the visit to this theater is no exception.  The only downside is that you need to get there earlier than you might if you actually pay for your ticket.  Arriving an hour or so early is not a horrible price to pay unless the movie is bad, and usually if they are showing a pre-screening, the movie is decent.In this case, there was a family who arrived a whopping four hours early.  That was not us.Also of interest is that this theater turned on the lights.  Probably not a good idea, because as Nilay mentioned, it is old.  Now most theaters are probably a bit worn, but since the house lights are dim, you really do not notice it.  In this case, you could see that the seats are really nasty.  So much so that several people actually asked for some way to cover the seats so that their precious jeans (really) did not touch the seat covers.All-in-all, the movie-going experience was just fine.  But think of it where you are on a date and would have not had a chance to take a few drinks, so you do not want to get a good look across the table.  The answer? Turn down the lights.
4	Several years ago I grew weary of our movie-every-weekend habit. Not so much the price, though that was part of it. Just the whole idea of being in a dark room with so many strangers I think...I would much rather wait to catch a flick on DVD so I can watch from the comfort of my couch while chomping on my own air-popped corn and chugging as much cold peppermint tea as I want without worrying about how much it's costing me.However I have caught a few here and there at local places. Starlight is one I prefer because it's not at a mall. Something about the idea of a stand-alone theater comforts me.This one is a little worn and faded but that's okay. Staff has been pleasant each time I've gone, it's not too far from home, and the parking has been plentiful.Prices for snacks are on par with other theaters in the area. (They do have that little discounted snack pack deal which is cool for those of us on a budget.)My daughter and I plan to catch "Abe Lincoln" here soon but it will be a matinee.Here's to keeping costs down while still contributing to our consumerist economy!
3	It's not the best theater in the world but for a Sunday matinee it's perfect. The concession stand does not offer a huge variety and it's in a very weird location... right in the middle of the place when you walk in. But they have the basics, soda, popcorn and candy. Parking was good, and the bathrooms and theaters were clean.The theaters were clean and for an early movie the price was right at only $5. So I'll be back to enjoy another movie!
3	Somehow, this theater is never really crowded, and yet it's not sluggish enough to close.  A great place to see popular movies if you don't want to be in a packed theater.
2	I feel like I'm in the 80s at this movie theater . This place is in need of a major renovation and carpet cleaning
