5	I've had the Oliver Peoples Strummer sunglasses for quite a while.They were always a bit wide, and could possibly fall off my face if I was fixing my shoelaces. I went in, and asked if they could be adjusted. The sales lady brought someone out from the back to look at the glasses, and inspect how they sat on my face.She noted that there was enough curvature in the arms, and that the best thing would be to bend the ends of the arms down to hug my ears.She looked at them on my face a few times, and put them on my face a few more times. 4 Mins later she returned with the modifications done. They were symmetrical downward bends, and she added a bit more curvature to the arms.They were perfect on the first shot.I love my Oliver peoples even more. This is at the Las Vegas Premium outlets, which is north west of the strip. Some of their glasses seem a bit cheaper, however the Strummer model was the same retail price.
5	I never heard of this brand. after some carefull research, this is the high end brand for sophisticated people.great service. friendly staff. Also happen to be the only outlet store for oliver peoples in the world.I purhcased 2 pairsthey came with nice sleek cases.The savings of 40-70% offoverall- clean, and amazing 1 on 1 service.
5	Angela is an awesome sales.person. she knows her stuff. Very dedicated to the one on one experience.  She was so nice to us and really dedicated her time to helping us. She almost had us purchasng 2 pairs of glasses, but that was until we noticed a small flaw in the lenses of the glasses that I was interested in. The glasses have a nice tan colored hard case with a cleaning cloth inside. I'm glad. I heard that many of their older styles come in soft cases. That wouldn't have worked out for me. Walter got a pair of Mosley Tribes, whose glasses are also made by the same company as Oliver Peoples. Lucky for him, his glasses were available without any tinting issues. Two days later, just before leaving Vegas, we stopped in again to see if they had the glasses that I was interested in. I got lucky as well. Not only did they have them in stock but now, instead of being $330+ they were being sold at $150+. I was thrilled. It is so hard for me to find glasses that I like, and even harder to find ones that aren't horribly priced. Angela was so happy that we had come back. I was too. The service is amazing. They were able to clean and adjust my glasses for me before I left the store. She explained the warranty to me, 2 years and just don't jump up and down on 'em. The glasses are all very nice quality. They are lightweight and although they are a name brand that is fairly well known, they are not overly flashy like some Gucci, Dior and Prada frames that I have seen. The store is spotless and I love that they offered us water when we arrived. Thanks for the great service, your time and for taking the time to let us try on everything, some frames more than 10 times each. You guys are awesome.
5	I bought a pair of sunglasses in summer 09 during my visit to Las Vegas, which were my absolute favorite until I lost them this past April on a vacation. I was soooo bummed and looked everywhere for the same model. They fit my face perfectly and I had fond memories of wearing them on my honeymoon. I could only find them on eBay and out of desperation I purchased them, even though I would normally never buy designer goods on eBay. Needless to say, when I got them, I knew they were fake! My lost sunglasses were causing me more and more heartache...Husband called Oliver Peoples Outlet Store in Vegas in May and they did not have the same model. He tried again in June, and Voila, they had the exact model and color, yay! Roxanne processed our purchase over the phone, and had the sunglasses shipped the next business day! They arrived quickly and well-packaged, and I am so happy to be reunited with my glasses (well, the replacement). Thank you, Roxanne!And the price was such a good deal! I'm going to visit the store every time I'm in Vegas for sure.
4	i love oliver peoples/paul smith optical frames and sunglasses, and this store has a great selection of both.  i rarely walk in without at least one purchase - most of the time you can get frames ~$100.  in absolute terms, that's certainly not cheap, but it's definitely cheaper than the $300+ retail price tag of most of these frames.  the staff is always friendly and helpful in picking out a pair that looks good.  if you ask, sometimes they will have leftover hidden sample sale frames that are pretty discounted.
5	Great store, found new frames for my prescription at 65% off, amazing!  Cool frames and great service.  Brandon is a standout associate based on his knowledge and concern for the customer.
1	Totally dissatisfied. Inconsistent service from both associates who are uninformed and extremely rude and from very condescending management. Having interesting, hip product will never make up for terrible customer service. Worst I have seen in the Las Vegas area. One star is the minimum, but I would honestly rate this location zero stars if I had the option.
1	I was thrilled to buy a pair of OIiver Peoples glasses when I first went in store and there were a few styles that I had a hard time choosing between. I looked for about an hour and the first associate was very kind and had lots of advice. We talked with another worker about how to remove the logo from the demo lens and one associate went to the back and was able to remove some of the logo with rubbing alcohol. I purchased those frames and at the checkout the exchange policy was clearly stated to me: within 5 days with a receipt. No mention of the frames being non-exchangeable after the logo had been removed. I went back 4 days later to exchange the frames for another style that I had my eyes on and was told I couldn't because the logo wasn't in tact. I was very confused by this because I wasn't the one to initially try to remove the logo AND I asked about their policy at the counter. A worker named Angela was very quick to point the finger at me for wanting to remove the logo in the first place and treated me with disrespect and attitude. After being told I was "someone else's customer," she dismissed my concerns clocked out right before me at the counter. As a frequent shopper and an employee of fashion retail in Las Vegas I can tell you that this is NOT how I expect to be treated when I enter anyone's store, especially one which claims to carry "high end optical wear".The associates working that day didn't have the power to do anything and I was given the number of their manager whom I spoke with the following day. The store manager Brandon had been made aware of my case and told me there was nothing he would do for me. Let me reiterate: I was being turned away for something THEIR associate did for me in store and AFTER I was told I could bring the frames back for exchange.I was then directed by their customer service to Chad who is the director of retail operations and again I was told that nothing would be done to keep my business. He finally offered to let me exchange the frames....IF I paid a $65 "handling" fee! I finally had to go through Visa in order to dispute the charge and I've finally got my money back. This brand has not only lost my business on this occasion, it has lost all future business of mine, of my clients, friends and family.
5	My experience wasn't in- store But, I recently was on a mission to find a pair of frames from Oliver people's! I spoke to Brandon when I called this particular store and not only was he pleasant , but he made sure he put not one but two frames on hold for me for about 4-5 days until I spoke to the store I worked with in Chicago! Also 2 day shipped! Couldn't be happier with their customer service! Thanks guys!  Keep up the great work!
4	I bought a pair of Paul Smith Spectacles here over Presidents' Day Weekend. I got the pair from their "former display" section and payed $54 even. Today I looked up the same frames online and saw them selling for $230. I couldn't be happier with my purchase and with the employees here. While the selection is fairly limited, they still have some great finds tucked away in the store. I will definitely be back again, hopefully for some sunglasses.
