5	We were Uptown catching a show, walking back to our car, when we happened upon The Wooden Vine.  I was looking for a new place to have a small upcoming birthday gathering and, after peering in the window, The Wooden Vine looked like just the place.  It looked intimate, cozy, and a little classy.  Besides wine, it also offered appetizers for those in the party that might still be hungry after dinner.  We arrived for our small birthday gathering and stood near the bar, talking and having a great time.  I was very impressed with the decor, furniture, and ambiance of the wine bar.  The lighting was perfectly dimmed.  The carved wood bar and tables lent a unique, cozy feel.   It was even much nicer than I had remembered, just having peered inside the windows.  We went on a Tuesday night, and the bar was pretty slow, which was perfect for us.  We received fantastic, friendly service from our bartender and everyone got to sample different wines from their wine menu.  The prices were very reasonable, too.  All in all, it was a fantastic birthday experience and just what (if not a little more than) I was hoping.  Thanks, Wooden Vine!
4	Nice, cozy, intimate setting! It is classy meets rustic. It's a great place to bring a group of friends to visit. We could hear each other and didn't have to miss out on any part of conversation. No straining of ears or yelling...thanks!They have some sandwiches and appetizer dishes that pair well with the vast assortment of wines. They offer $6 glasses of wines on Wednesdays. If you are looking for wooden gifts (e.g., cheese board), this place has some unique things to choose from. If you have a purse or bag, you will be happy to know that there are notches made into the table. You don't have to worry about putting your stuff on the floor!
3	Beautiful restaurant in the middle of downtown. Some good advice from the bar tender on wines, even let me taste some before buying. However, as a wine bar, I wish the menu by-the-glass was a little better. They only had about 20 choices in total between whites and reds. I didn't recognize but a couple on the list and wish there was more to grab my attention. Overall though, not bad. I would go again.
3	Nice bar but very quiet.  Wine by the glass selection was fair at best.
4	I totally fell in love with this place. Love the dark decor. Love the big wood plank of a bar that gave it a natural feel. Love the friendly and pleasant servers. Love the clientele. Just love the whole place.We were only there for a quick drink. The girl taking care of us at the bar said that we could arrange our own flight of wines for $12. We both took advantage of the deal and tried any 3 red or white wines we wanted. The feel of the place is just so welcoming to me. Perfect spot for a casual date or after work drinks. I could see myself spending a lot of time here!
4	So this place is too cute. Seriously, I love a good wine bar. After having walked by this place only about a million times on my way to/from lunch every day, I finally stopped in a couple weekends ago. And what do you know? Its just as charming on the inside as it appears to be from the outside. My friend and I just wanted to stop in for a glass or two of wine, so we sidled up to the bar, and were instantly greeted by a friendly bartendress (or is she just a waitress? I don't know...she served me wine, and that's all I really care about). In addition to having a pretty decent wine list (I've seen better, but then again...I've seen much worse), she was also not stingy on the pours, and was more than willing to let me taste a couple wines (free of charge!) before I settled on a lovely Shiraz...and then a Zinfandel :) Honestly, such a chill and welcoming environment...which is the perfect milieu in which wine should be enjoyed! A+, Wooden Vine.My one criticism is that I'd love to see some wine flights on their menu...I feel like flights are a must-have for any legit wine bar. Otherwise, though, no complaints, and I can't wait to stop in again!!
4	If you're wearing one of those long wool coats and enjoy hitting on cute bartenders you'll enjoy this place. Even if you're from out of town and are with your girlfriend, you'll also like it.I really know almost nothing about wine. My knowledge of wine is like a caveman's knowledge of Justin Bieber. Even so, I enjoyed the flight of random wines I tried. I think it was something like $9 for a flight of three wines. Not totally sure, but the prices were quite reasonable.The long wood bar and wine imagery all over the place melded well together. Even though the space was large, it was quite cozy and warm.If you want to impress your girlfriend I'd take her here. You don't even have to mention you found this place on Yelp!
5	This place is spectacular. And beautiful. And awesome.Our group escaped the madness of the "Green Shirts" (largest bar crawl ever) at the Wooden Vine. I was awestruck by the interior--beautiful carved wood tables and bars in their natural shape. Great wine list. Attentive and knowledgeable servers. Very eclectic, cozy, and relaxing. What a great place for a date!!!LADIES--their bathrooms were so clean you probably could have eaten food off the floor--not that I suggest that, but you get the idea. And wow--they did not skimp on decor or furnishings. I had the Vina Do Val. Fantastic. Others had the Cab, Merlot, and Sauvignon Blanc. They didn't disappoint!I can't wait to go back to this little gem!!!
3	The ambience and decor is very nice, and the service is great. Food is marginally better than average. I wish I could give it 3.5 stars.
5	Great service, wine, and food. A gem in the city of Charlotte.  What an excellent place to hang and have a good time.
1	It was like hanging out in a super awkward tree house ....Server messed up our order several times....I will not miss this place.
3	I've heard for many months that Wooden Vine has pretty fantastic food, an interesting interior and great wine. I finally got the chance to stop in for a glass and a snackaroo and here's how it came out...The Good: They offer a pretty nice selection of wine and small bites plus affordable sandwiches and such for lunch or a light dinner. I also saw the chalkboard that showcased a pretty sweet boxed lunch special. They also boast great daily specials that range from $5 glasses to $5 mimosas. The interior is quite cool and definitely interesting. The Meh: When hubs and I rolled in on a Thursday evening the service was definitely lacking and fairly aloof. No one told us about the specials (which I would have ordered), welcomed us or told us anything about the place. It was a simple, "What can I get you?" They also had the TV (and sound) on, the music on and the lights were super bright at 8:30 pm. At least they muted the TV when we kindly asked if they would. Sensory overload. While they no longer carry the wine I ordered off the menu, the server offered another from the same area. Sure why not. The problem is, it didn't taste nearly like my original choice. Make sure the staff knows what they're selling...The Bad: The cheese plate. Oh my the cheese plate. I love cheese. Let's just make that clear and the cheese at Wooden Vine is good. Good cheese. The problem? Two small chunks of three cheeses and a pile of ciabatta for hubs and I...$10 and 2 minutes later the cheese was gone and I'm still starvin'. I consciously tried to bite each mini piece of cheese in half so I could extend the life of our cheese but that just didn't suffice. I've had my share of cheese plates in Charlotte and this one really pales in comparison. I took a photo of the cheese plate for reference...I may come back to Wooden Vine, but I'll definitely check out the scene before I walk in and order something besides the cheese plate...especially if I'm hungry.
5	I have stopped in here several times after seeing a show or spending the evening uptown and love it! The wine selections are great, but my husband and I enjoy going in for the Lambic Framboise. The decor is beautiful and I love looking at all the lamps, tables, features etc while sipping my drink.  We have tried a few desserts which were pretty good also. I wished we lived closer so we could go more often!
1	Don't waste your time. Bad wine selection. Bogus specials. If you're going to spend your money on wine. Their are several other places to drink wine.
5	I went here with a group of 7 on a Saturday night. We we're greeted as we walked in and told to sit where ever we'd like.The wooden architecture is really beautiful and creates a cool vibe in the restaurant. I loved this place because you don't have to yell over the music to hear each other : ) It also happened to be Acoustic night, there was a gentleman playing a guitar and singing some good popular tunes.Both of the appetizer dips (hummus, Cheese) were really tasty and their pizzas tasted fresh and yummy!  My friends and I are by no means savants when it comes to wine or beer but they seemed to carry a good selection of both.  I would recommend checking out their menus on their website to know if they carry what you like.I was slightly disappointed that they were out of two of the four desserts they carried. I ended up getting the honey orange mousse, which tasted a little bland once the drizzle of honey was gone...The service was very quick and all of the employees were super polite.I would definitely Dine and Wine here again!
4	Went here twice and ordered a pork sandwich, something I never get. It was truly exceptional and decent sized. I ate the second half the next day. The crock of olives and the cheese and cracker plate are well done. I can't say anything for the wine choices, as I only had a moscato. I suspect the owners hope to make their profit on the wine, since the glass was notably small. Yes, I know a sparkling wine perhaps should be served in a flute. A solid and affordable place to eat. The place seems to have a lot of anxious young men working the floor, but we got a warm and engaging foodie waitress the first time. She should get a raise for improving the ambiance.
3	The hubby and I went here on a Friday night to start our date night. The decor is lovely and the staff is knowledgeable about the wine. Unfortunately, they are not fluent in customer service or being friendly. We sat at the bar and had to interrupt a personal conversation between the bartenders to order our drinks. While sipping on our wine and waiting for our cheese board we tried to have a small conversation with the owner, who wasn't really doing anything but watching espn, he was brisk and slightly rude. The bartender was not much better. The cheese plate is fantastic and the wine selection is lovely. It is a great place to go if you want to be left alone, but not a friendly atmosphere.
1	Ok, don't get me started. We were persuaded to go here by a friend, when we got in it was as quiet as a tomb! Although there were several couples dining, they were as quiet as church mice!  We ordered, I must say, the lamb meatballs were quiet tasty and the honey figs were more than splendid. It wasn't the food, but, the somber mood of the place. No one should take themselves this seriously. Pretentious. Snobby and for what?  Get over it and then decide to open a restaurant with a little warmth for folks spending their dollars. And, for Gods sake----------get some catsup! It is the #1 condiment in the  U. S. You serve crispy potato wedges, c'mon already!
4	A rather unique little spot to pull into.  First of all, the ambiance is wonderful.  The bar is like a large tree cut in half and laid horizontally right when you walk in.  I haven't gotten a chance to try any of the food yet but the wine and bottled beer menu is rather extensive.  The wife and I love stopping in here randomly and chatting over a glass of wine.  You should really give it a try.  I will update the review once I try the food.Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	I've been here only twice but enjoyed it so much that I wanted to review it even though I haven't had the food yet...both times have been with other girls to catch up over a few glasses of wine and it's the perfect spot for just that.  There is an amazing wine list that always has super deals, they have a good beer selection and the tapas menu looked yummy (friends had the crab and corn dip and the potatoes, said both were great).  The decor is cool as well with natural wood all over and local artwork...was there this past Saturday and they had live music - the place was full of couples at tables, so it's a great date place, but also just singles at the bar and few groups of girls too...if you like wine, I highly recommend it, it's a nice quaint spot in Uptown that's a refreshing change from the intensity of the Epicentre.
2	I've been intrigued by Wooden Vine every time I walk by, but rarely had occasion to stop in. On a recent weekend evening I finally caved and decided to have a glass. My overall impression after one visit was "meh."Let's talk wine. They do have a pretty decently constructed wine list that represents most parts of the globe (though it did feel a little California heavy on my visit, not that there's anything wrong with Cali wines). I ordered a glass of a slightly obscure cabernet that I had not had before (since I like to try new things), and it was meh. The server really couldn't tell me anything about it before hand, but we'll get to the service in a minute.  First, let's talk about price.  Given that I work in the wine industry, I'm aware of the customary markups. But this list seemed a little on the pricey side, compared to what I'm used to. Could be that I'm a cheap date, or maybe it's the uptown atmosphere.Which leads me back to the service. Aside from no one in the room really being able to talk intelligently about the wines I was considering when I asked,other than offering scant more than what the menu stated, we were met with a coldness from the staff that honestly made me a little uncomfortable.  I felt my presence was an inconvenience to them. Maybe it's a byproduct of serving mostly Center City banker-types and they are giving their usual crowd what they expect, but at the least a smile never killed anyone.My opinion at this time, is that there are better options in the QC. I'll give it a couple months and try Wooden Vine again and see if my opinion is swayed.
4	Initially, I want to compliment the decor. The romantic ambiance is braced with subtle lighting and the tables were made of natural wood. The interior is uniquely designed and truly fits the name. Now on to the food! We ordered the Mussels, Flank Steak and Herbed Gnocchi. The gnocchi had the perfect texture and was filled with flavor! The mussels had a very subtle and light taste, but it was delicious. In my opinion, the flank steak was not unique like the other two dishes. It was cooked to perfection, but I expected to taste a distinctive flavor like I did with the gnocchi and mussels. I think the dishes are intended to complement their wine selection and thus, are relatively SMALL. Nonetheless, the meal was surprisingly filling and very yummy! =)
3	Post dinner uptown on a Friday night, we were in the mood for another drink, sans the typical uptown weekend madness (especially on a game night), enter Wooden Vine.As other have mentioned, I did enjoy the decor, especially as we bellied up to the beautifully gnarled wood bar and took in the drink menu. A decent amount of by the glass options, and a more extensive than expected food menu, though I didn't really look to hard at it, and a (for the most part) full bar. They seemed to have some decent nightly drink specials during the week. The music switched between soft alternative(?) recordings and a live act, but overall very relaxing for those starting their evening off slow and others just enjoying a meal. If I'm ever looking for a low-key atmosphere uptown, I'll definitely think of Wooden Vine.  Not too crowded, great staff, are there better wine bars in Charlotte? Yes. Are there better wine bars on Tryon open late? Nothing comes to mind. Taking it from a four star to a three: with one stall restrooms for each sex, a woman thought it would be okay to hog the bathroom for something other than its purpose (I'll let you draw your own conclusions), maybe not the WV's fault, but she felt comfortable enough there to do it. Also, chefs and cooks coming out to the bar to fill up their drinks from the soda gun doesn't really bother me, I've done the same thing and I don't mind seeing who cooks the food, but having one come up using a plastic food storage container as his cup? A little unappealing, to say the least.
4	I have mixed feelings about this place but am going ahead and giving it 4 stars. The wine selection is fine . . . not fabu, but fine. The tapas or small plates menu is very limited but good. Cheese plates are also medicore. I love the idea and potential of this place, but the crowd seems a bit homogenous and dull . . . not young yuppies/buppies as I had hoped or am looking for.
3	Good wine selection but the food is way overpriced. Or, I should say the portions are extremely small. Good quality but there are lots of places in Uptown Charlotte with food that's equally good but either with larger portions or better prices. Atmosphere is quiet and sometimes they have live music. The servers are friendly and attentive. While I like the decor, service and wine selection, I have to say I would recommend other places over this one if you want to eat while sipping your wine.
3	A fellow foodie and I had intended to go to Malabar for dinner, but it was closed for renovation or some such thing.  She suggested that we go to the Wooden Vine.   We were greeted and promptly told to find a table that we liked.  This was around April 24th, 2012 or so.The waitress explained the menu for that night and about the wine flight system (highly recommended - the wine list is excellent, and the flight of three wines for $12 was well worth the price) and the specials that were available. The restaurant is cozy - lots of wood, chalkboards in the paneling,  Very nice.  Romantic but also somewhat laid back, very subtle lighting.  It is a comfortable space and one that I enjoyed dining in.Foodwise we started out with the cheese plate, roasted olives, and the grilled romaine Caesar.   A good charcuterie or cheese plate is one of those things I just crave.  The cheese plate here was a disappointment.  Three cheeses - decent portions- but, we were given 7 smallish crackers (smaller than a triscuit) and the cheese with some dried fruit and some sort of preserve that was smeared on the plate. That was it. When we asked for more crackers (should have asked for bread) the waitress gave us a strange look, but brought them out.   The roasted olives were amazing. If you're an olive person - you must try them.  Herbs, lemon zest, and other things were in there - and they were served in olive oil.  Just delicious.  At our request, they waited to bring out the salad.  The grilled romaine Caesar was half a head of romaine that had been grilled and had a chunky style Caesar dressing on it that was exquisite. The grilled lettuce added a complex and complimentary flavor to their rendition of a Caesar dressing.  If they offer this as a menu option, you won't be disappointed. For the main course - M had the scallops and I had the pork belly over a panzanella-esque style salad.    Both were good.  The scallops, however, won the contest.  Sweet, cooked perfectly, a delicious sauce.  Just amazing.   The pork belly was cooked perfectly and went well with the crunchy panzenalla-esque starch it was served with.  The chief problem was there was nothing on the plate to help offset the fat of the pork belly - it became incredibly rich far too quick with nothing really to compliment yet offset the richness. A surprising oversight. For dessert we had the pineapple financier- it was a huge disappointment.  The portion was small (two small pieces of the cake itself, and a scoop of ice cream with garnish)  M and I each claimed one piece of cake and fought over the ice cream.  Neither of us finished the cake.  The comment made was, "It wasn't worth the calories." I will probably venture back in to the Wooden Vine, but it isn't on the list of places that I have to visit again.   Three and a half stars.
4	When you walk in the first thing you notice is the pleasant and attentive staff. The waiter was charismatic and not pushy about expensive wines during restaurant week. The decor is awesome-tables made of polished pieces of oak and giant wall art of what else?-grapes.   Racks of wine on the wall and varying hues of green and brown paint add to the understated charm of the place.The food was bad ass. I do like green eggs and ham, yes I do like them Sam I am. Dr. Seuss lied. They are delicious. Go try them. Now. Just stop what you are doing and head over there.Ok, on to the entrees. Braised bison tail and beer can Cornish game hen. To be clear, these are separate dishes.  Ummm, wow. The meat was tender and flavorful and the corn souffle that came with the beer can hen was one of the better side dishes I have ever encountered in my life. (my partner would not stop stealing it off my plate).For me, going out to eat is a chance usually to eat things I can't make myself and experience something uniquely delicious. Our dessert was like this- lemon meringue pie that was deconstructed in a bowl with meringue "sticks". I felt like the entree portions were perfect while the appetizer and dessert could have been a little larger. However, the service was flawless and this was the type of place that made us linger of an extra glass of wine.
3	LOVE the decor, the lighting was perfect and the live music not too loud. I felt $10 was a bit overpriced for the fondue dessert (although I admit I'm comparing to Melting Pot's chocolate fondues), but the wines were lovely and the staff was friendly without being intrusive. The rest of the menu looked good, so I'm hoping to go back and try some of the rest of the menu and give Wooden Vine a better rating.
4	I had a great solo dining experience here. There are tons of wines to choose from, including by the glass and flights. The bartenders were attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable. The menu wasn't exactly my thing - a bit more adventurous than I was feeling. But I had an awesome steak with leeks and potatoes and a great berry tart dessert. Despite staying for awhile when it was rather crowded, I never felt rushed. The ambiance was great. Just the right level of lighting. Wooden, but polished and modern. Just small enough to feel intimate, but large enough to accommodate a crowd. It had a nice rustic, classy, not intimidating, upscale feel.This was a great Charlotte dining experience and I would definitely recommend it.
5	DIVINE experience here every time we go!  This is one of our FAV date spots.Located right on Tryon it is easy to get to AND has outdoor seating (ok it is just two little tables).  The interior is sophisticated with a lot of earth-tones.  The bar is long and cozy.  They always have experts on hand to help you find the perfect selection.  Food here is phenomenal.  I usually get whatever is on special because the chef knows what he is doing.  They also have custom app plates for meat and cheese if you are just popping in for a bite.  The meat or cheese selections are fantastic and they are generous with their portions.  Be sure to claim the yelp discount from your smart phone if you check in here!!
4	Very cool spot in the middle of Uptown Charlotte. Stopped here while on a trip to Charlotte after hearing it was a great wine bar. It's a very chill atmosphere where you can chose from a nice wine selection and relax. The bar itself is a long curvy piece of wood which adds a nice flavor to the bar. The bartender was very knowledgable on all their wines and gave pretty thorough explanations as to which wines from which countries he recommended. My wine was delicious and I definitely would have had a a few more if I didn't have to head out. They also had a pretty awesome looking desert menu that i unfortunately was too full to sample, but it's the perfect compliment to a nice glass of wine. The location is perfect as its right the middle of uptown Charlotte with easy access to everything else. Very nice place worth checking out.
4	Five stars for atmosphere. I LOVED the inside of this restaurant. The wooden accents on the walls and the arrangement of the tables were perfect. Our server was nice, very attentive, and didn't get cranky when my boyfriend decided to last-minute substitute his original drink order with something else.I had the Brunn (one of the "alternative whites," from Austria) and the Piquilo Pepper Bruschetta. Both were good, but nothing blew my mind. I do feel that the menu was probably a little overpriced. Nonetheless, it was a nice way to spend a couple hours, and if I lived in Charlotte, I'd definitely go back to try something else.
4	I came here when my mom was in town and really enjoyed the evening. Awesome interior decor. We had a GREAT waiter who was charming and kept us luahging all evening. The wine he suggested for us was wonderful. The cheese plate left  a bit to be desired however the deconstructed caprease was really different and amazing.
5	We were in town visiting from California and asked around where the best place would be to eat. Several people told us to go to the Wooden Vine. Since several people recommended it, we decided to try it out. We could not have had a better time! The place is so unique over the other establishments in uptown. It is quaint and the wood decor is delightful! The wine list was impressive and the sommelier was gracious and explained each wine for us in our wine flight, which I highly recommend getting by the way. The menu was adventerous. We all tried different things so we could taste as much as possible. I got the lamb shank which was heavenly, the other things we tried were the venison short ribs and the pealla. All were were prepared and so good! We will be back tomorrow night as there are many more things we want to try before we leave! Thanks to all those who gave us this special recommendation!
5	Wow! What a nice surprise the Wooden Vine was! We stopped in here for a nice glass of wine before we went out to eat. I had read in our hotel city guide that they won the Best Wine List in Charlotte so we wanted to give a whirl. The wine selection is fantastic. We did wine flights which allows you to try 3 different wines for only $12 and that includes their high end wines! We did two flights, one white and one red. We found some fantastic wines which we then ordered by the glass. Since the environment was so cool - all wood and rich while still being very comfortable non-pretentious and laid back, we stayed and kept talking (we could actually hear each other talk even though the place was packed). We were hungry so we looked at the food menu and we were so shocked to see that they had an outstanding menu! The food is so unique - we watched so many beautifully plated dishes pass by, we decided to scratch our plans and stay for dinner. We ordered some small plates and they were so outstanding we ended up getting the main entree and finished with dessert! This is no ordinary wine bar, the food is so good I would go here for dinner in addition to sipping on a great glass of wine! Here is what we had that blew us away: Belly-kopida - braised pork belly, roasted apples, brie cheese, in a phyllo dough Lobster Tail - grilled lobster tail, pineapple chutney, saffron butter, caviar Buffalo Ribeye - marrow roasted ribeye, rye bread pudding, brussel salad, bordelaise Paella - (which I always have to get when I see it on the menu) prawns, mussels, squid, bomba rice, sofrito You also have to try the dessert, they have their own pastry chef who is outstanding and creative!  We shared their Chocolate Hazelnut - chocolate cake, chocolate ganache, raspberry sorbet, hazelnut chocolate cremeux, toasted hazelnut Everything we had was outstanding, even the coffee. I GIVE THE WOODEN VINE TWO THUMBS UP!!
1	Let me start of by saying it was Restaurant Week - but regardless, my exeprience was not great.  The staff was nice and semi-attentive, but perhaps rushed and confused because there was a lot going on.  It felt like I was in the twilight zone when we walked inside.  The decor was lacking in my taste, though the whole restaurant is made of reclaimed wood which is awesome - it was ruined by the large photos of grapes everywhere, and the strange choice of different colored velour chairs.  To start, the silverware was dirty - greasy and stained.  Had to clean it myself.  For our appetizer, we had duck wings.  The duck wings were a soggy and greasy.  They fell off the bone and were tender which was a plus, but had zero flavor save the taste of grease and a touch of honey (think that was supposed to be tamarind).  Probabaly would have been better if there was some salt and pepper or something.I had the seafood paella for my entree.   The crawfish was completely raw. The portion of the meal was the size of an appetizer and had only mussels - no squid or shrimp as advertised. The rice was a bit too al dente and did not look like a normal yellow rice should. I sent the plate back and the chef came out and apologized, kindly comp'ing my meal for my troubles - sitting and watching everyone eat while I was starving.   I did appreciate that he came out to do that.  But the second plate was still part raw and had an even smaller portion of rice, but at least one piece of squid.   Taste wise it wasn't bad.My boyfriend had the venison which wasn't a total failure. The brussels sprouts were cooked well but doused in grease. The venison was tasty and had a nice texture - guess that is what the 1 star is for.  But the wine pairing was not very good - it tasted like a wine soaked in a metal casket. By the time we reached dessert, we were just fed up.  The meal was not a pleasant experience. They were having freezer problems and brought us raspberry sorbet instead of Nutella, and the dark chocolate piece did not look very appetizing; it was a long limp brown log that was actually wet from condensation.  And it sat on top of a messy pile of chocolate cake crumbs, which was not very pleasing to the eye.All I can say is maybe it's different when it's not Restaurant Week, but I was not too pleased to end a fun weekend in Charlotte with that.
2	I really want to like this place.  It has great decor and decent food but service is poor.  I've been multiple times and it has gotten worse.  There is an uncomfortable clikcy vibe. The staff is often behind the bar getting drinks (non-alcoholic) and eating and joking in front of customers or with their friends that have come in to the bar to visit.  The main bartender/manager(?) tends to spend a lot of time conversing with his friends that have come in, the other staff from the kitchen or women he is flirting with to the exclusion of other patrons.   I won't go back.
3	Updating my update.....  The owner is very nice and responded to my diatribe.  I guess it was a misunderstanding.  Wooden Vine will always be one of our favorite spots.Previous review:  I am downgrading my review here from 5 stars.  It has nothing to do with the food - Chef Nicholas is fantastic and I hope the restaurant can hang on to him.  This will always be one of our favorite date spots due to attention to the menu and wine selection.My downgrade just has to do with a recent experience - the boyfriend and I were there for Valentine's Day.  It was $150 per couple - the meal was divine.  The disappointing part came to the service - we brought with us an expensive bottle of wine ($70 bottle of wine which we knew they did not sell there) and there were no issues.  We knew they had a ten dollar corking fee.HOWEVER we ordered a second bottle of wine and told the waiter "our palettes are shot after this bottle - so something less expensive...definitely NOT another $70 bottle of wine."  So - we had that bottle and all is lovey-dovey for Valentines Day.  Until we get the bill.  The waiter had actually brought us a $69 bottle of wine.  He did not tell us prior to drinking it.  Of course we should have asked.  But really?  We say 'Not another $70 bottle of wine"  and you bring us a $69 bottle of wine.  What on earth?  Is that supposed to be funny?  It really soured me on the place - which until then had been one of my favorites.  It will definitely be a while before we are back.
5	NEW BRUNCH IS WORTH IT! On Feb 23rd my friends and I were staying uptown for the weekend and had troubles finding a brunch on a Saturday without a cab ride. We found out that Feb 23rd was Wooden Vine's inaugural brunch! We were literally the first people in for an early seating. The server admitted they were still working out kinks, but rest assured the chefs were to not dissapoint. The food was divine and met the needs of our group (some hungover, some vegitarian, and all looking for a gourmet meal with good service). The meals came out somewhat staggered, but something we were able to look past since this was a 7 person party for the very first brunch served. Our waiter was upfront and we laughed it off. Will definately be back and even if you live in surrounding neighborhoods- it's worth your trip uptown!
4	I'm a sucker for a sassy wait staff, perhaps it's the Jersey in me that loves to banter. Went here on a whim with my husband as we were trying to soak in the thralls of uptown and landed on this spot. Tuesday night's they typical have $5 wine flights. The educate you on the different flavors of the wines, the origins, how it was barreled while you nibble on amazing appetizers. The have both our door seating and a bar area along with a formal restaurant. A bit pricey for my taste, but for apps and good conversation this is definitely a keeper.
4	My husband and I met friends for dinner and wine at Wooden Vine last night and we had the nicest time! I really had never even paid attention to the little spot next to The Dunhill. We noticed the decor right when we walked in which was very cool and welcoming. There was wood (surprise!) all around and it was very organic in shape and just fun to look at. At the bar they had a basket of discounted wine so you could buy a bottle to take home or to enjoy with friends in the restaurant. $20 bucks for a nice red. Can't beat that.We ordered lots of little plates and one of my favorites was the caprese salad. Its not easy to get such a juicy, red tomato this early in the season. Yum!Good place for little groups and they do have one large table if you want to go for a celebration. They even have a few bistro tables out front. Go for lunch or dinner today!
4	I went there with my boyfriend on a Monday and had a great time. It was half price bottle of wine night.  The waiter helped us pick out a decent bottle. We had several small plates to accompany it.The waiter insisted we try the Duck quesadilla. We were hesitant but he said it was the best thing on the menu.  He was right.  It was more of a gourmet grilled panini. The manchego cheese was melted perfectly and combined nicely with the other ingredients.We also tried the Fois Gras, which was rich and creamy. There was a pork belly special that was fantastic but the portion was extremely small. The Wild Boar lasagna  and the scallops were just okay.  I was disappointed by the KimChi lettuce wraps.Overall, it was good service, nice atmosphere and the food items really were all over the board.
4	I was in town for a conference and found this place on Yelp. Great pour of Steelhead Pinot and awesome crab cakes! Be sure to check for the 10% coupon.
4	great place to spend a few hours drinking wine and getting some good eats.. Good service as well!
2	I went there on a Friday night and it was a very casual, laid-back environment.  The waiter told us to just pick any table we wanted, and didn't mind when we sat at a table meant for 8 since it was the only one open.  They recommended a lovely malbec to go with our meal that I wish didn't come out warm.  We ordered:A pork belly appetizer that I was excited to try but it ended up coming out as an empanada with the pork belly shredded and pulverized.   Travesty.Charcuterie plate - the cheese was good, but the meat came out shredded into little pieces.  Not necessarily a bad thing, but just weird.  Romaine wedge salad - nothing special but it was good Crab gnocchi - HORRIBLE.  I've never had such bad gnocchi before.  I don't know what they did to that potato but it was tasteless and had the consistency of clay.  I would not recommend it to anybody.
4	I've never left this place disappointed. Great place to order a flight and let time pass you by.  I bring my out of town wine lovers here. I have never had the food here which is why I give it 4 stars.
5	Love the place. Walked over on a Friday night after the opening of the Romare Bearden park. We decided to sit outside and watch the people because it was such great werather and Wooden Vine has the perfect little patio. We had a nice waitress, can't remember her name, she recommended some things on the menu that were really great. I had the General Tso's Quail that came atop some type of crispy rice. It was really really good, I ate everything. Two of my guests had the grilled cesar salad with scallops. These were no puney scallops (3) and they were cooked perfectly. We had Presecco, beer, wine and relaxed. Definitely a great place to hang out and unWINE. (Hahaha...corny) A must go!
5	I went to Wooden Vine this past Saturday night with my husband and my parents. My parents were visiting us in Charlotte and I wanted to take them somewhere unique. I think we hit the nail on the head with that one. The interior is very laid back. I loved the wooden scuplted tables....they added such a nice element to the dining experience. We ordered a bottle of wine to split and the boiled peanut hummus to start off with. The wine was a cabernet and excellent. The boiled peanut hummus was so good....my dad was even talking about it the next day!Next, we ordered three small plates to share. We ordered the WTF chicken (the name was longer than that but I can't remember it....only the first 3 letters stood out haha), the Short and Corny, and some seafood bake. The Short and Corny was the favorite among all 4 of us. Delicious short ribs sitting on top of a creamed corn casserole........so good! The chicken was also very good and had this very tasty sauce over it. The seafood bake was good but didnt stand out like the other two items. The only negative comment is that service is pretty slow here. They don't have many servers...sometimes it is just one person taking care of the whole restaurant. It didn't really bother us much because we were just drinking wine and chatting. At the end of the night, all four of us were stuffed and left happy. We were still raving about the food the next day....so that means it's gotta be good!
1	Gave them another shot with same horrible result.  They we busy due to concert.  Sat at bar for 10 minutes with not even being acknowledged.  Once again walked out.  Understand busy times but that was ridiculous.
4	Uptown Charlotte is extremely overrated when it comes to great restaurants. While traveling to Charlotte, I tried almost every restaurant near the Epicenter and majority are underwhelming.. I was so happy to find this establishment. The Wooden Vine is definitely a diamond in the rough. Despite being extremely casual and a simple wine bar- you can get really delicious small plates. The tapas are all natural and made from local ingredients. The hummus is amazing behind belief. Almost everything I tried was impressive. I would recommend The Wooden Vine before a lot of places- especially near the Epicenter.
2	Went on a Wednesday night with my girlfriend, who had been salivating over the menu for months. We ordered dirty martinis that came out almost straight vodka, which was really disappointing. The pork belly - kopitas were okay. They had a sourness to them that I attributed to the apple. The duck quesadillas were a huge disappointment. The duck was way overcooked and the naan bread was almost burnt. Overall we gave it a 6 out of 10, and probably won't go back.
5	We came to this tapas and wine bar after having visited there on the Tour de Food Uptown.  We shared rabbit pot pie that was succulent and flavorful.  There was a sweetness to the dish that was intriguing.  The vegetables retained some texture and added a pleasing crunch.  Our next dish was lamb bahn mi sliders.  These were outstanding on crisp toasted bread, soft on the inside.  Flavorful toppings made it very tasty. The crab cakes allowed the crab to be the star, but added enough garnish to make it unique.  Finally we shared the red neck wedding cake which was outstanding.  The spicy nuts made the dish very interesting instead of just a good chocolate care with cheerwine(!) icing.  They are not afraid to go bold in this restaurant and it succeeds.  I hope they get more business so that they stay around!
4	Very interesting setting. Good small plates and wine selection.We work up the street from here and stopped in for a late lunch. We also talked ourselves into a wine flight which was really good. It was a white wine flights because spring had sprung and I was in the mood for white wine. Very good.It would be a pretty relaxing place for a date or meeting friends. Not overly noisy or loud - casual enough that you could drop in wearing jeans, but nice enough that you wouldn't feel out of place stopping in before a show at the Blumenthal in your best dress.Give it a try!
5	So glad I stopped into this place while walking by last week. Great atmosphere, wonderful wine selection, and there wasn't a morsel of food left on my plate, it was so good. My sister and I could have sat there all night.
5	Can not believe this place only has 3 1/2 stars!?  Stopped in last night because it was a casual place to have a glass of wine next to my hotel.  Boy am I glad I did.  For wine and tappas I went with the recommendation of the bar tender Ron!  If he is working definitely take him up on his suggestions on the menu, you won't be steered wrong.  He really makes the place shine.  Will be back next time I am in Charlotte!
4	We were looking for a place to grab some food on Saturday night over Easter weekend and it was nearly 10pm when many places start to close in Uptown.  The weather was bad so wanted someplace close to hotel which was both casual but had good food and drinks  This place seemed to fit the bill from reviews and photo on here.  It did not disappoint as though it was a slow night it still had a relaxed energy to it  The small plate menu was diverse and ordered the recommended ttuna which was very fresh.  The liquor drinks could have been a bit better but then again this is a wine bar.  The tuna with avocado could have toned down the avocado.  As mentioned by others if looking for a place to have  relaxing meal in jeans or dressed up a bit for a show this place divides that nice casual line well.
4	Met a friend for a glass ( haha-bottle ) of wine. Weather perfect for sitting outside.  Only had wine and no food. EXCELLENT wine list. Definitely strays from the usual wine offerings. Great place to try something new.
2	I just moved to North Carolina and decided to give this local restaurants to try. my salad was very soggy it look like it was made the day before I asked the waitress to take it back due to the soggy lettuce. she did not disagree with me she said yeah you're probably right she took it back.then the chef came out to speak to me about the lettuce and told me that that is how it always looks.  I suggest you go to Wendy's and ask them where they get the produce. they probably have the freshest lettuce I have ever tried and I don't have a problem paying $14 for a salad as long as the lettuce is flash how can you go wrong on that,it is time for a change you need a new farmer. this location for the restaurant is a very very good location and has very good potential it should be packed but unfortunately things that are used in the products are probably not the best. plz chef change the lettuce and I will come back and give it another try.
4	Order Three Things:*Braised Short Rib-Yummy & Soooo Tender!*Ham Mac & Cheese-Sauce flavorful but Noodles were uncooked.*Rabbit Pot Pie-Cooked just right but on the sour side. Huge chunks of Rabbit! :)*$5 Wine Tasting on Wednesday Nights! *Service was pretty good.
3	The food was really good. The service was terrible. The waitress was acting like she didn't want to be there. The least a server can do is refill your glass once you have drank all the water and have eaten all the ice. She still got her 20% tip because of gratuity.
4	Fantastic food:  crab cakes, duck quesadillas, gazpacho.  Beautiful dining area, great ambiance, warm and inviting, great wines, and even a decent selection of craft beers.  Wait staff pretty good, but not enthusiastic.  Music:  HORRIBLE!  They played all disco and 70s.  Bad Mamma Jamma, Get Down It.   Seriously??  This is a wine bistro.  Should be jazz, classical, or coffee house, like John Mayer, Jack Johnson, etc.  Change the music, and we will be regulars.
4	This is a great little upscale winebar/grill right in the hear of Uptown Charlotte. Its near the discovery place, The Dunhill hotel, and Capital Grille. Really great decor. Talk to the sommelier/owner..he has some great recommendations. and will have some unusual selections that you are guaranteed to enjoy.
4	Great tapas restaurant. My wife and I tried a few different plates and all were superb. We started out with the Dip Duo as an appetizer and really liked the olive oil they used.  For our entrees we ordered the scallops and yellow fin tuna.  Each were uniquely prepared and cooked just right. We weren't sure how big the plates were going to be so we also ordered the cast iron Mac and cheese - which was spot on.  The turtle S'more brownie dessert was good but not great.  The brownie was a bit on the dry side but the rest of the dish was good.  As you can tell we made pigs of ourselves but we left feeling satisfied with the whole experience.
4	Decent prices, nice staff (mostly) and good atmosphere. Didn't try any food but intrigued enough to go back. Had a glass of sparkling rose and a companion had an unoaked Chardonnay and both were enjoyable.
4	Nice little place to sip great wine and watch Charlotte walk-by. We have frequented many times both as a couple and with friends and enjoyed the food as very tasty and avant garde even if it was a little pricey (but, hey, it's not bar food!). They were offering a 2009 Spanish wine for $23/bottle that scored for us!  So, we were a little disappointed and bewlidered recently that food was not served between lunch and dinner.  When the owners discovered our concern, they were quick to reach out to us, apologize and to encourage us to return (which we will).  Apparantly, an employee was negligent in understanding the restaurant's midday food offerings and they assured us it has been remedied.  Therefore, we heartily recommend the Wooden Vine not only for their unique offerings in Uptown Charlotte, but also because the owners are engaged in the day-to-day operation of their business.
4	Awesome!  Good food and nice atmosphere. Sommelier choice of wine was phenomenal!!  The staff very pleasant.
5	We visited the Wooden vine on the Tour De Food and then came back later that night. The atmosphere was fantastic and a young man (23yrs) who was the bartender slash wine expert was amazing, thoughtful, and helpful. We tried some amazing wines and shared the venison sweet breads. The only thing that I would say was I wish there had been more. We also tried a pork belly potsticker type of item that was amazing and very filling. It was a Saturday night and we were seated fast and had excellent service. I would not bring my country family here (they do not appreciate nice wine or fancy food) but I would bring anyone I wanted to impress.
5	Fantastic. Salad through dessert was fresh, well prepared, and amazing. Service was great and Chef came to greet us and ask how the food was. Top notch.
5	We saw an add in the Charlotte summer magazine with a feature on lobster rolls. It didn't disappoint. Very tasty and great toasted roll. The bartender was very personable and the cocktails list for very imaginative and interesting. We had a German lager and two cocktails which were outstanding. Can't wait to go back to try the burger which is also highly rated we found out
4	Wooden Vine Wine  is certainly one of the best dining experience we have had. We have recently gone on a "mission" of savoring the best dining in the city and this one stands out as a truly wonderful. The food is exquisite, the service impeccable and the ambiance elegant.
