4	New La Quinta...Great if you have pets and can't find a pet sitter for your weekend trip to Vegas.  Since it's new the rooms are modern, flat screen TVs, and nice decor.
5	This hotel is a still a "new" hotel. The inside is very nice and looks clean even with dogs.    This hotel probably had the nicest staff that  I have every had at a hotel.  The free shuttle in the strip was very nice. Two thumbs up for that.   The only things I would really want is a better breakfast maybe add choice of a muffin and if possible hot scrambled eggs.   I would differently stay here again. Highly recommended.
5	Best LQ I have ever stayed in.  La Quinta varies greatly from property to property.  This is the top of the line.  Great staff, wonderful new facility.  Not the greatest breakfast but, certeinly adequate for free.  Ask for a room facing away from the airport if you are easily bothered by noise.  I stayed in 231 and it was super quiet.  Whirlpool king suite is a great value if you have a few extra dollars to spend..
5	HANDS DOWN THE BEST LA QUINTA I HAVE EVER STAYED AT! Amazing hotel for the rate! Couldn't believe it! 1st class rooms. Top notch. Brand new facilities. and the staff! OMG so friendly and helpful. Don't think twice! Trust me! I will come back to this hotel EVERY TIME! The pool, hot tub, and facilities are TOP NOTCH. I don't know what else to say other than I feel I should have paid much much more for what I received! Pull the trigger! Reserve this hotel! It is SOOOOOOO worth it!  Use the money you save and have a great dinner on the strip. This is 1st class all the way. Why waste your money anywhere else?
5	Wow, as far as LaQuinta goes, this has to be the best that I've ever stayed in...hands down!  The hotel is still new which is a very bit plus.  Every LaQuinta is different and some are a bit run down.  Having stayed at the Airport NORTH LaQuinta many times, this was a breath of fresh air....literally.  The entire hotel is non-smoking.  Pets are allowed.  There are jacuzzi suites.  The staff are young, exciting and so very friendly and helpful.  This property is usually about $10 more than the Airport North property but it's worth every last penny!!  Wait, one more thing!  There is a free shuttle to the strip AND to town centre mall!!
4	This has been Monkey's secret hideout until now.  When it comes to just needing a comfortable, quiet place to rest in Las Vegas, this is it. Monkey loves the hospitality of the nicest staff.  Van drivers will take you to and from the airport and The Strip as well when arranged in advance.  Gym has cardio machines.  Outdoor pool.  Clean, spacious rooms with free internet and the best beds.  Free breakfast includes:  self-made waffles, hard boiled eggs, dry cereals, toast, bagels, juices, instant oatmeal, yogurt and milk.  No casino, no bar, non smoking rooms.  Monkey's perfect oasis for business travel.
5	This hotel is amazing! I was a little unsure about staying at a LaQuinta, but it's for a business trip for my boyfriend. This property is just over a year old. The rooms are huge and beautiful for the price. The staff is very friendly and the breakfast selection is huge! Free shuttle to the strip, town center, and airport are very helpful.
5	This is a fabulous hotel - convenient, beautiful and quiet!  And - the nicest people in Las Vegas!  The rooms are huge and clean. Fast WiFi and big screen TVs. Electrical outlets everywhere you need them. Couldn't ask for anything more in the Las Vegas market. Great for business without being stuck in the Strip traffic. You have to check this out.
5	I loved this hotel! We were in town for Memorial Day Weekend and I refused to stay at a rundown place like ExCRAPular on the strip for double the price of what they usually go for. We stayed at the LQ and it was awesome! The room was big, clean, and the beds were comfortable. The free breakfast was perfect especially after partying all night long! They have a free 24 hour shuttle service that will drop you off on the strip at the Tropicana which is awesome! You just have to arrange a drop off with the front desk. I will definitely be staying here next time I'm in Vegas. Great service, great price, and excellent value!
5	Third time staying here and so happy we did! Last minute trip to Vegas so staying on the Strip was going to be super costly. We got an EXCELLENT room with all amenities, on a weekend, for only $79!!! Yeah its not on the strip--but they have a free shuttle, or you can drive and park at any of the casinos.This is HANDS DOWN THE ABSOLUTE BEST LAQUINTA  I have ever stayed at. It is a 5-Star Budget Hotel!! The Free Breakfast is typical Laquinta fare, but the breakfast room is HUGE. So no crowding and rushing. Pool, spa, gym--super courteous staff, what more could you want?
3	Honestly, my personal experience there was about 1.5 stars at best, but the place is clean and the rooms are spacious.  They are pet friendly, and they have a nice clean little dog area (on-leash, un-fenced), with clean up bags, and the air conditioning worked. So I'll give it 3 stars because I think there are plenty of disgusting and unsafe places to stay in Vegas, and this isn't one of those.The staff was friendly enough, but basically useless.  It is a mini conference center and they let their convention groups completely inconvenience and annoy other guests and are extremely passive about it. They might wander over and quietly close the door to a conference room to keep the noise in, but when the group opens it again, they won't tell them not to do it, and they certainly won't tell them not to take over the entire lobby to do songs and warm up activities or quit hiding the luggage carts in their rooms.  They apologize for problems and then just stand there rather than proactively trying to come up with a solution.  They excelled at blank smiles and standing still.The wi-fi signal was weak, totally unavailable in one of our rooms, and in the room that did get a signal, the connection was unreliable and tech support was tedious. The router needed to be rebooted multiple times during our very short stay and getting tech support to reach that realization was a painful process involving long hold times.I'd rather stay there than sleep in my car, but I definitely wouldn't be back unless I had pets with me, and I'd look at other pet friendly places first.
4	Clean, quiet room.Yesterday I woke up at 4:30am, took a taxi to the airport, flew from Austin to Reno, and then drove to Las Vegas.  By the time I arrived, all I wanted was a quiet room and a comfortable bed.  I got a good night's sleep.The room came with a complementary breakfast.  The sign says breakfast starts at 6am but at 5am no one stopped me from pouring myself some fresh coffee and toasting a couple of slices of raisin bread.They accept pets too.  I am travelling with two cats, and there was no surcharge or hassle about keeping in the room.
4	I'd say the first thing this place needs to do is fire the person responsible for their webpage. What's the first thing you do when you want to stay someplace?? Yep, look at it online! THe pics of this place do NOT do it justice. I expected it to be kind of dumpy and crappy according to the web photos. SURPRISE!! It's not. The rooms are nice and clean with flat screens and REALLY comfy beds.  The staf was friendly and helpful and on their game. Housekeeping did a spot on job!  To be honest I didn't expect much. My friends needed a place to stay with their dogs for the weekend and I was NOT looking forward to a place that let your dogs stay at no additional charge. I was pleasantly surprised and would recommend this location to anyone who was traveling with pets or even if they weren't.Drawbacks:Off the beaten path and WAY off the strip. Easy to miss and drive right by. Keep a sharp eye out! Bonuses:Off the beaten path and WAY off the strip.Stayed with TWO dogs (one was a pit bull) at no extra charge! Beats HoJo's and Hollerday Inn for sure!
5	This place was INCREDIBLE!!!  SOMEHOW we ended up in the whirlpool suite... I considered switching rooms b/c our dog barks at noises (elevator traffic, doors opening & closing, other dog tags making noise in the hall, etc.), but this was a corner room, tucked away on the 2nd floor.  Our dog didn't hear anything in there... The staff was knowledgable, helpful, and super friendly.  Plus, you can't beat a free shuttle service to take you to & from the strip!  Applauding.
4	Stayed with family during a long weekend in Las Vegas. The hotel was very nice and the staff, very friendly. This is a newer hotel and one of the better weekend bargains. The breakfast buffet could be better and I thought the beds were too soft. That being said, I would stay here again.
4	Clean. Easy check in. Free shuttle, Comfy Bed. No complaints. Adjacent to airport.
5	My family & I only stayed here one night, as we were not expecting to make it to Vegas as early as we did. My husband has points to burn up and we read the reviews and this was the best location.Best is an understatement. This location was by far the BEST LQ that I have ever stayed in. The room was perfect. We were traveling with our 2 year old, as we were getting married and the room was the perfect space. We did the executive suite to have more space with her pack and play. PERFECT. Clean. Tons of space. A fridge, microwave, it was what we needed. I was actually bummed to move to a hotel on the strip.The breakfast was just as good. And free. So what more could you ask for. In Vegas. If I ever pass through or get to Vegas again soon, I would definitely consider this hotel.
2	There was a scorpion in my bathroom, I'm completely traumatized by it. Also, my room wasn't cleaned. The GM has accommodated me to some point, but didn't appreciate him trying to tell me scorpions are not dangerous. It can kill you and to me that's dangerous. I've never had a scorpion visit me in Vegas. Scary!
5	Gorgeous rooms, super friendly, complimentary breakfast from 3am-10am!!Right next to the airport and they have free shuttles to all over the place:)For the short time we were here, it was well worth the price!!
5	Very nice.  Very new.  Coffee and hot water 24 hours.  And surprisingly not noisy as we originally thought.  The rooms are exceptionally clean.  For a budget hotel it is very good deal.
4	Love it! Clean and new rooms, friendly staff, free breakfast, 24 hour pool and pet friendly no fees! Yay!
5	Although our stay here was due to a flight delay, the staff turned our terrible situation into a more enjoyable one. The staff was very friendly and the amenities cant be beat especially in vegas. We arrived and upon check in were delighted to find fresh baked cookies at the desk. Rooms were clean and toiletries were provided. We jumped on the first shuttle to the strip (every hour) which brought us to mandalay Bay (the night shift driver will bring you anywhere though). For pick up you just call them whenever you're ready to head back. Breakfast is ready by 3 am but if you want the hot stuff you have to wait till 6. hopped on the shuttle back to the airport and was on our way to our final destination.
5	In town for a family funeral. I was able to book with decent rates the night before, and the last thing I wanted to worry about was accomodations.Non smoking! No loud casino. Perfect for trying to get some rest. Beds are wonderful. Plenty of easily seen outlets for my gadgets and my daughter's. My favorite were the ones built into the nightstand lamp. The rooms are clean, quiet and spacious. No noise from the airport even though we're right next to it. Free breakfast. Keurig brewer in the room with s selection of coffee and tea.I would have brought my dog if I didn't know she'd be cooped up in the room for hours on end.
3	We stayed at two La Quintas this visit to Las Vegas (tropicana and airport south)This one was the larger of the two and I guess you you could say fancier. The entrance is nice.  What's truly incredible is being able to watch the planes land across the road at the airport.  You might think the noise would be loud, but we hardly, if ever heard the planes landing.  We didn't use the facilities (pool, laundry, gym) but the gym looked clean and there was an ample amount of machines. The room was 1 bed, desk, wired/wireless Internet on the first floor because we had our dog with us.  It was perfect for us and very clean. The bathroom door has to stay closed or you can't get into the bathroom or get to the front door. Also, if it stays open it bangs against the wall quite loudly.  We were locked out of our room before check out time. We went to the front desk and stood there while two associates were on the computer. Not a single word from either one even though they both lifted their heads.  We said we were locked out and they said oh that happens at 11. We get a new key to our room. I then go back out to check out and they can't find our reservation to check out. They then proceeded to tell me oh we already checked. I said we didn't but that's fine. They then had the last say and said well your husband must have... Seriously? He was with our dog in the car but thanks. I would suggest going to la quinta Tropicana purely for the location and great staff.
5	We are loyalty members because we like to travel a lot with our dog. Hands down this is the best La Quinta to stay at while in Las Vegas.Long story, short: we first checked into the LQ nearer to the strip. What a terrible decision! Smoker-friendly, rooms that are gross and in need of repair, air conditioning that doesn't work, loud. We are so happy that we cancelled there and moved to this LQ!Quiet, clean, and friendly. This hotel is perfect! They shuttle you to the strip, provide breakfast until 10am, and have upgraded rooms (think Keurig machines, nice bathrooms, mini fridges, wall mounted flat screen TVs). The service here is also really spot on. When we cancelled our other reservation with the LQ near the strip, we called this location to book a reservation. They offered to let us check in at 10am and had the room ready for us when we arrived. Far above and beyond what we expected. Thank you La Quinta!
5	I've stayed in this hotel twice and it never disappoints me. Love that it has free wifi, free breakfast in the morning, a gym, laundry room, and a 24 hour pool and spa tub. You can't get that in any hotel on the strip without paying a huge resort fee every day. The rooms are very clean and the bed is very comfortable, I could sleep in for more than 8 hours! The room also has a mini fridge and microwave which came in very handy since this last visit was for my best friends wedding and need the fridge for some drinks and water. All in all, I recommend this hotel to any one who doesn't want the hustle and bustle of the strip and if you do they have a shuttle that would take you to Mandalay and a shuttle to the airport. I would absolutely stay here again when I come back to Vegas!
5	We stayed here overnight while passing thru on our way to our final destination for vacation. Booked it on line based on the reviews and rates we found at various sites. We weren't disappointed. It was very convenient to get to/from the airport and just a quick drive to the strip. Staff was great, especially Chuck, and got us checked in early so we didn't have to carry our luggage around with us all day. We used the exercise room, pool and free breakfast and weren't disappointed with any of them. They aren't anything fancy, but all were clean and were what you would expect to find at a hotel like this. Also can't complain for the rate to stay here. Could hear planes while swimming in the pool but never heard them in our room on 2nd floor.Planning to stay again on our stop thru Vegas on our way back home. Also plan to try out the free shuttle to the airport next time.Definitely worth the money for a clean, safe hotel near the airport and not that far from the strip.
5	Stranded. Yesterday. Pissed. Exhausted. Hungry.I'm going to apologize now to all of the amazing staff at this hotel whose names I can't remember. Jacque picked us up from the airport and then I was checked in by a sweet brown haired girl who gave me a goody bag full of stuff since my luggage was on its way home but I was not. It was so nice to take a shower and brush my teeth after getting the runaround at the airport from 6-10:30pm after my flight was cancelled. Thank you La Quinta for making a miserable situation easier to handle by offering helpful service, clean rooms and amenities this girl was thankful to have. The 24 hour shuttle service was perfect since I only spent 6.5 hours total at the hotel. The continental breakfast was well appreciated at 0-dark-thirty since I hadn't eaten anything but snacks since lunch the day before. My dog thanks you too, she was tired of riding around in the airport carte and immediately fell asleep in the room. I will definitely consider you the next time I'm in Vegas. Sometimes I like to stay off the strip and this was a quiet and easy to get to location. I love you all!
5	We've stayed at every La Quinta in Las Vegas (and several in CA), and this one is by far the BEST!  None of the others can come close to this lovely La Quinta.  It is the nicest, cleanest, and with the exception of the housekeeping staff with an attitude, this was a wonderful visit and we can't wait to go back.  The front desk staff was amazing, helping us every way they could.  The bed was amazing and we are two large people.  We've never slept better in a hotel room.  And our CAT loved it.  We travel with our nearly 18-year-old diabetic kitty.  He's very persnickety and if he doesn't like a hotel room he won't leave his cat bed!  Well, he was so comfortable in this room that he jumped right up on the bed in this room faster than I've ever seen him do it before!  My advice to the Management:  Work with your HOUSEKEEPING staff on service and respect.Housekeeping staff had a bit of an attitude when asked for extra items off their cart because we had our pet with us and I did not want them to enter the room during our stay.  They appeared to be irritated with me because I interrupted their little "chit-chat" in the hallway while they were supposed to be working on cleaning adjacent rooms.They need to respect the needs of the guests and be as professional as the front desk staff who accommodated every need we had from ordering pizza to cab service.Encountering the negative attitude from the housekeeping staff on our first day was the ONLY negative.It was as nice as the home we used to own in Las Vegas before the implosion of 2008...  We feel like we have a new home-away-from-home and we will be back again & again!
3	The hotel staff was friendly, the wifi was good, and the breakfast was alright. The gym doesn't have much, but I guess it's a hotel and not a gym. I'd give the hotel 4 stars if it was cheaper. It's easy to find cheap hotels in Las Vegas, so it's not really a great price. I did like that the place is per friendly. Overall alright experience.
5	The nicest La Quinta I have been to; looks like it was just built. The people are nice, they had fresh baked cookies at the counter (Why?) The location is very convenient, less than 15 min drive to the strip, close to I215 too
5	Wow we've now stayed at La Quinta's from GA TO NV  and this is by far the best! It's not at all like any of the others it's very clean, very updated,  24 Hr. pool & spa. Cookies at ck in. And-------- KEURIG!!!! We brought Vias with us so we could have decent coffee on the mornings and not have to look for Starbucks but KEURIG ID AWESOme!!   Check in was a breeze and the guy was very nice. It's a nice quiet area next to the airport. If all La Quinta's were like this one we would stay more often.
