3	I used to live right by this place, and we'd walk here sometimes.  Now that we live further away, the location is still quite convenient, and it's nice that it's all by itself (although not for long since they're putting a gas station in next door).  The dinner/lunch fare can be a tad overpriced, but it usually pretty good.  The breakfast food is more reasonably priced and you can find some good deals for good breakfast food.Overall, I would call this place a small step up from PT's in atmosphere and food.
3	Great atmosphere for dinner or a drink. They have nice appetizers and super a Friday night dinner special.
4	I have to have a cheeseburger from Fireside at least once every other week. I believe they are wood-fired. The fries are awesome! Plus, Great beers on tap.
4	Fireside has awesome food. The breakfast burrito is huge and delicious. Recently had their version of steak fries which was very, very good. A bed of fries, provolone, thin slices of marinated steak and some kind of amazing gravy that brings it all together. Big enough to share.Place never closes, lots of TV's and a really good beer selection. One of the few places in town that has Delirium Tremens on tap. Sit at the bar and you should gamble otherwise grab a table or relax by the fire in their lounge chairs.
2	For being a local hang out,  this place has the coldest draft beer around and the nachos and wings  aren't too shabby either...  Unfortunately this place has the MOST unfriendliest waitresses around. The minute you step in you are greeted by  a long face gal that can just sour the rest of your nite.
4	This place is pretty cool.  On the outside it feels just like a Timbers or some other type of chain-y place, and admittedly the inside is a bit like that too.  But what sets this place apart is the beer selection.  They have a great selection of Belgium beers on tap as well as in the bottle.  They have samplings of beers as well.  The menu is not too spendy and they have a 1 pound burger between two grilled cheese sandwiches.  I have to try it!  The waitresses and bar tenders have been nice both times I have been.
4	We were to meet some friends in that part of town and were looking for a place to eat, on my search I came upon Fireside and decided to give it a try.  I must say I wasn't expecting alot but I was pleasantly suprised by the food.The staff could be a bit friendlier but they got the job done, so I can't complain too much. I like that they split the bar from the dining area so you don't even feel like your in a tavern.I got the Tuscan Style Artichoke Chicken with rice and veggies which came with a cup of their soup of the day. The chicken was nicely done, it wasn't dry and had lots of flavor, went well with the rice, veggies were fresh tasting and crisp. The soup was yummy, nice and creamy with lots of clams, potatoes, vegetables and think I detected ham or bacon. I would order both again. My companions got the filet with potato, ribeye with potato, and build your own burger with brie cheese and bacon with a side of cheesy potato barrels (loved the barrels!). Everyone enjoyed their meals with out complaints, portion size is good, and prices are reasonable.We opted for mixed drinks instead of beer, just because we didn't want to fill up on beer. The drinks were a bit weak, and soda a tad flat, I guess their thing is their beer selection, so we'll have to go back and partake in a brew.There are a few other menu items which sound delicious, so a return trip is in the stars.
4	For all the local competition around this area, Fireside has the friendliest bartenders and beat food you could hope for. Don't miss out on the filet fries. Yummy!
1	WORST FOOD EVER. Don't waste your time. It all tastes like it was soaked in salt and kept in the fridge until you ordered it. So gross.
4	This is a great little spot. In fact, it is the best spot in my neighborhood for a good, quality beer. I love that they have so many unique and awesome beer offerings. Plus, it is small with a nice ambiance. The bartenders are very friendly and attentive. And the food ain't bad either. Definitely a new favorite neighborhood hang out for me.
3	My second time, and I ordered the same thing that I had the first time. It was not even close. I don't know if they changed the recipe or the cook, but it wasn't that great, too much herbs and seasoning overpowered the dish. Honey mustard dressing on my salad was too tangy, it actually burned my throat when i ate it. I used my friends Caesar dressing, much better. Salad was nothing special otherwise. My water was empty, the waitress never refilled it. We shared a chocolate lava cake, it was okay, something you could make at home with a box mix.I'll try them again if given the opportunity, but I'll try something else.
4	My local watering hole... the bartenders are awesome.  Try the cheese plate!  An interesting selection considering the specialty is bar food.
4	Well after reading the other reviews I feel like I went to an amusement park and missed half the rides...maybe I was too in the football zone to notice the craft beer heaven this place apparently is! I feel a little dirty for drinking Bud Light each time I've visited....but anyway...This has become our new Sunday destination for football after a long allegiance to Rocky's (old Timbers, still a great place) up the street. Fireside just has a better ambience and bonus, I might not have to have a lung transplant at 40 by coming here instead. You won't miss an NFL game here and really, isn't that what Sunday is all about? 2 massive projection screens, numerous big flat screens and the red zone channel always found somewhere in between, your eyeballs won't miss one reception, kick or penalty. The staff is awesome, particularly the bartender Chris, who is attentive and dishes just the right amount of abuse, always welcomed in a sports bar. I've only seen the tip of the iceburg as far as food is concerned but so far so good. The football specials are a page long and I had the Buffalo Chicken Sliders. They satisfied my ever raging buffalo sauce addiction in every way. They even have a grilled cheese with mozzarella sticks shoved in between....that is a real thing, cheese lovers. Breakfast also looked tasty, my BF got french toast that was fluffy and smelled great.I had to share how amazing this place was but hey...don't try to change my Giants game if you go. :-)
5	My local watering hole. Beer: Amazing selection of craft brews. They pride themselves on having quality and unique beers consistently. They carry beers from breweries such as Firestone Walker, Stone, Deschutes, Chimay, Deliriium, North Coast, Lagunitas, New Belgium, Goose Island, Ballast Point, and Maui Brewing Co. to name a few. Food: Great food. There are a few favorites of mine. Nachos, Seafood Bisque, Steak & Fries, Breakfast Burrito, Breakfast Sandwich, and Biscuits and Gravy. Staff: Awesome. They are helpful and personable. There are also a significant amount of LCD TVs that make this an ideal place to watch sports. There is also a couch which is in front of a real fireplace and a HUGE projection screen which is used for big sporting events.
4	Great beer tab and they get some rare inventory sometimes! The food is good and the atmosphere is a great time to hangout with friends or family!
4	It's a 3 star but the steak and fries is 5 stars so an average of 4 stars!Seriously, what I like about this place is the steak and fries with gravy. Yum!
4	For a Tavern style place the environment and food is great.  The "Steak & Fries" is a most unique and delicious dish, as is their Certified Kobe hot dogs.  Unlike most taverns, Fireside prices are more in line with a standard restaurant - which is okay, because so is their food.  I love the environment inside - nicely decorated, dark and cool - perfect on a hot Vegas day or night.  Although I don't drink, per se, they appeared to have an extensive speciality beer selection.  Overall, I am actually looking forward to coming back and trying a few more of their interesting menu items.
4	Love the food and staff, only thing is the food can be a bit pricey at times for a pub.
4	Really dark in there but a nice place. Friendly staff and a typical local gaming bar but..... their artichoke roasted with dipping sauce is the bomb. It is way better than bar food. I have tried nothing else so I can not say what else is good. Yay for artichoke.
3	Prices are a bit high out here, but bartender assured me that they have restaurant quality food here. Some of the choices were unique and I ended up with the Turkey Jo. This had thin sliced roasted turkey drenched in way too much tangy BBQ sauce, but was loaded with carmelized onions and then topped with a small scoop of cole slaw. Sandwich was too soggy, despite the toasted bread. Some strange side dish which was like fried mac and cheese almost. Unusual, but not that great. Plenty of beer choices and mostly locals here make this place a decent option if your in the neighborhood.
4	I've been here for lunch a couple times in the past with clients and most recently for Sunday football. Service is usually pretty good, especially when you have a few people with you regularly ordering drinks and apps. One of my favorites to get is their Mozzarella String Cheese Sandwich. Just what it sounds like...mozzarella string cheese melted between 2 pieces of bread. It's great and helps soak up some beer during the game.
4	Today we came to this bar to watch the Packers vs. Colts game.  I've heard about this place through coworkers and that fact that one of those coworkers has a husband who bartends there.  The place is cozy.  The dark lighting and wood finishes makes me feel like I'm in a log cabin in the rockies.  I like the fact that there are two places in the joint:  The restaurant and the bar area.  On top of that, there is so much space and so many tables for seating.  Small rooms here and there, offer some very intimate dining for people.  The bathrooms were clean and warm compare to the air conditioned joint, which was good LOL.I didn't end up getting anything to eat, but I did decide to get a couple of spicy Bloody Maries.  They were soooo good.  The bill came our to $11.50 for both drinks.  The drinks were topped with green olives and lemon and lime.  The drink wasn't super spicy and was really made good.  I definitely recommend this drink, especially if you're looking for a good pick me up at 10am LOL.All in all, I turned over to my friend and said this will be our go to place.  We're all about checking out other bars every game but if all else fails, we're definitely coming back to this bar.  It works for what we're looking for!
4	Ah the Fireside... How I want to love you so much more... I've come here quite a few times because I live in the area.  The food is pretty good, (cheesy barrels are fantastic) the craft beer selection is Awesome, the staff is friendly... Why would I only give 3 stars?...Well, the inherit problem that I've seen falls on management.  -  Every time I come in and ask for a list of beers I get the same answer from the staff, "It changes every week, so I don't know what we have.. you can walk around and look at the tap handles..."    WHAT?  You go through this trouble to bring in great beers like Ballast Point and New Belgium, and you can't even spend the 5 minutes to type up and print out what is on tap for the week?  Why can other bars accomplish this task? Every staff member should be given this list, asked to remember it, and I will give you 5 stars immediately.-   Another reason that most likely contributes to not knowing what is behind the bar, is that, one can not actually see the bar..  It is so dark in this place (granted that's not always a bad thing) but you need to put lights over your bar showcasing all of the liquor bottles you have so you can sell the stuff!  I can't even see the bartender as they disappear into "the Abyss" of darkness.I will come back to this place again because the staff does do a pretty good job.  Just please get the beer menu out, and hang some lights over the bartenders and bring the food prices down a notch.-FDUPDATE: 7/15/13They've added a draft list television over the kitchen, which helps to see what beers are in... but it isn't up to date usually.  Still, an improvement which bumps then to the 4 Star range.
4	Discovered this place via local checkins on Untappd. Great atmosphere, friendly bartenders and a great beer list. I've only visited once, but based on their tap selection and the staff I will return.
3	This place has great food!  I usually go here just for the chicken and avocado salad.  But the customer service has been very poor every time I go.  It always appears that the service staff is bothered by  a phone order.  The service also seems very disorganized, with one person able to handle the take out orders.  Love, love, love the food, but I have always been disappointed in the customer service.  Go to Remedys across the street - they have both!!  Good food and good service!
4	Decided to give this bar a shot to watch the Australian Open. Bartender was Patrick, and he did not disappoint. He was very friendly and personable with each of the guests... Even shut off the radio to blast the tennis match to provide that extra touch of great customer care. The beer list is surprisingly unique in that they receive some rare stuff from Joseph James, Deschutes and Lagunitas. Their roasted artichoke was a great appetizer and one that frequently "sells out" from what I hear. I very much look forward to becoming a regular at this bar.
5	I love this restaurant! It has a warm atmosphere reminiscent of it's name with it's dark tables. There is even a separate room that is clearly supposed to be a cozy library with a lovely fireplace. The food is very good and very reasonably priced! They have the Best fried Dill Pickle Chips I have ever tasted! I highly recommend Fireside!
4	Pickle chips!  Just get the pickle chips.  Great food and good bartenders.
3	My wife & I went here for dinner about a week ago.  The first time I've ever seen a Kobe Beef Hot Dog advertised, so that's what she ordered.  She enjoyed it, though not sure it was worth $12.  My meal was average.  This place is ok, nothing to rave about, but they do have some unique menu items that may be worth checking out.
4	This is a good place for sure.  They have some of the best meaty chili I have ever had.  The food is relativly good.  I say this because it really is hit & miss.  Like Frank D. mentioned in his review, he says the management is an issue which to me means a little shaky; well the cooks here are the same.  We have been here 3 times in the last 30 days.  The first time we came in with a group of 8 and the food was really good.  A week later we came back and the food was not good.  I had chicken with sauce.  Well the cook, made the chicken by itself which made it very dry almost like it was cooked earlier and then reheated in the microwave and sauce poured over it..NEVER A GOOD IDEA.On this visit, the food was again very good.  The staff has always been great from the Bartender to the servers.  The cooks however, management really needs to access this as it can kill this place.  The night we were there and had the bad food, even the server agreed that the food was not prepared fresh and the quality/care was just not there, but working in the front, they had no control over the cook or how the cook performed.Overall though, I would recommend this place and if you have a good to great experience, write about it.  If you have a horrible experience, write about it.  If I go back and the food sucks like it did the second time we were here in the last 30, a 1 star will be given.One thing interesting, I have not received any reply from the management to the good bad or evil, so that tells me there is not a lot of care given to what we say about their place on here.It is what it is...but for now, I say don't hesitate to give this place a try, hopefully you hit the right night and you will have a great meal.
4	I didn't eat here but my friends did but I came in and played some Video Poker.The place is pretty standard for locals to hangout with a bar area and restaurant area.Justin I believe was pretty nice guy and I would say this place seems pretty chill to go to.After hours they have to buzz you in.Only thing is when you do a Drive to Directions from Yelp and some other maps it brings you to a residential area!  Crazy we were in front of someones home because of the GPS!
2	I live right down the street from this place, so we decided to try it out and hopefully make it our new favorite spot to eat. We came in on a Friday night around 6pm for a late night snack and it was empty...no one greeted us so we awkwardly sat in a booth by the bar. After about 5 minutes someone greeted us and took our drink order. We ordered the pickle chips and seared ahi. IT WAS TERRIBLE! I was amazed they could screw up fried pickles! But they tasted frozen and soggy! My boyfriend ordered the seared ahi which was for sure frozen, and it was so tiny! Literally 2 bites and gone...so he sends and we pay our check and get out as fast as we could. I mean I live so close that I'm sure we'll try it out one more time, but if they strike out again we won't be back and the only reason we will be back is because our waiter scored some points when we asked to send the food back.
5	One of my new favorite bars for sure. The food is outrageous, and they have an excellent craft beer selection.  Every bartender there has been as helpful as could be.  I highly highly recommend the chili.
4	This has become one of our favorite places to go.  At first, it was because they had big couches and a fireplace.  Secondly, a tiny bunny was hanging out right in front.  I'll have to remember this tactic for future marketing efforts. ;)  Then finally, we tried the food.  I was amazed.  I thought it was going to be like that greasy bar food, but that was furthest from the truth.  My boyfriend is now addicted to their pizza.  Even Jon Taffer on Bar Rescue would love this menu.  Although, I think it's time for a few new fluffy couches!
5	2 bar tenders you should know of, Patrick and Justin......I'm sorry, pattycakes and Justine! Don't forget. These guys will hook you up, get you wasted, get you laid, maybe even a massage if you play your cards right ;). The food is awesome, even the late night menu. Ill haunt you if you don't go. The ambiance is awesome and the decor is good. They don't have darts or a pool table but that doesn't matter the bartenders will keep you entertained enough and if you're gambler like me you will be on machine tryin to win that cash money!! They have an insane beer selection, bottles and taps. Constantly rotating seasonal IPAs, saisons, hefs, and the standard light little panoche beers. If you like to drink THIS IS YOUR BAR. This is hands down one of my favorite bars and me and boyfriend dine here often and have hit MULTIPLE five spot. If you come on the weeks days you might catch the Dos Equis guy. He will be the creepy under the tv. WE LOVE FIRESIDE!!!!
5	Fireside is the best bar in the valley.  The bartenders are professionals and their food and beer selection is on target.  For the vast selection of craft beers, they really don't charge that much.  Just a great bar!
4	A good, quiet, and comfortable place to sit and have a nice meal.  I usually try something new each time and I've never been disappointed.  Plus the beer selection is great!  Staff is on top of it, and the place is nice and clean.  Love the booths too.  They also keep it kinda dark in there and I like that.  Plus great prices!
4	It's a little far south, but plenty worth to attract you to travel that far. This bar really values craft beer as far as tap selection goes. They also highly value their local beers, so it's a great place to try one or two local offerings. Sometimes beer events like tap takeovers or pairings also occur here.Bar food ranges from mediocre to great. The burgers are definitely a high point especially when being guzzled down with one of the many beers.
5	The food was delicious. Far superior to an average pub menu, I had the fried pickle chips with an herbed aioli (I can't remember exactly what, but I think it was dill) and the Double Dog Dare Your Burger option...get ready for this...1lb. ground beef cooked exactly as ordered, 4 slices of crispy bacon, 4 slices of cheese (I chose Swiss), thick slices of tomato, fresh lettuce, chunky slices of crisp red onion, a fried egg cooked exactly as ordered, and all of it resting between two perfectly browned grilled cheese sandwiches with American cheese. Bring your appetite! The tap selection was solid and our server was attentive and friendly but not intrusive. The atmosphere was great - low lighting without being too dark, background music without being too loud to converse or too quiet to feel strange about chatting at your table, and decor that accented the classically styled dark wood surroundings. If you're ready to go off-strip, I highly recommend this local Vegas establishment.
4	I finally made it to Fireside a couple of weeks ago.  it was as described...looks like a Timbers but has some nice brews on tap you might find Joseph James, Tenaya Creek, Firestone, Ballast Point and or Hangar 24.  It was odd that my friend lost his credit card in the leather recliner and we had to turn it upside down before finding it.  I was lucky that I didn't know anyone in the joint actually this place would be a good hideout as well.
5	Great craft beer selection! Very friendly bar staff. I'm actually annoyed this place was so close to where I live and yet I never thought to grab a beer there. I just figured it was just another Lodge/PTs/strip mall type bar...man was I wrong. Food wise - I only tried the Fire Burger which was very good but actually lived up to its name and put me on my ass a little bit. Cannot recommend this place enough - go there
1	I would have liked to have gone here but it is 21 and over so couldn't bring my daughter I'm actually surprised because normally an establishment that sells food does not have an age limit
3	I love the food and atmosphere here, unfortunately the ventilation system in this place is not strong enough and even at 8pm on a Thursday night, I felt like I was sitting in an ashtray.  I have no objection to people smoking but I  not a smoker and I don't like leaving a place and smelling like I am a smoker.Like I said, the food is good, the staff is always friendly and there is always a good crowd here at least every time we came in, but this time the smoke & smell was worse then it has ever been.Our waiter Mike from Miami was awesome.  As great as the food is here & as much as I like this place, it is unfortunate I may have to avoid it in the future as it is a full on smokers paradise and that is not my thing.
5	Great food. Nothing is typical bar food. They make everything from scratch.  It is reasonably priced and the service is outstanding.  Xristos is an excellent and attentive bartender.  Love him. He always remembers what I want and is friendly.  No matter how busy he gets, my food is always hot and cup full.The food: I cannot tell you that anything is bad. I've tried the roasted artichokes and I love them. The ribs are delicious,  the turkey avocado club is yummy and chicken tenders are made fresh. I say no to bar food but this place has real food. No typical bar food here.
5	Chris is the best bartender. Friendly,  funny and on the ball. He is soooooo good and never leaves us wanting for anything.  We had the awesome BLT and spinach artichoke dip. Delicious in every way. It is nice to find a local establishment that cares. The food is excellent and the staff is outstanding.  They all pay attention to detail. The music is contemporary and modern. This is no dive bar.The atmosphere is dark but you can tell it is clean and modern. It is a great place.
5	I went here with some work friends for dinner. Its located right behind the Shell gas station by Seven Hills and Easter. It could be hard to find. When we walked on Saturday night, the place was pretty empty, even the bar. We got a table for us and the waitress was very friendly. It was her second day on the job, but she was knew every single item on the menu. She was recommended drinks and food items based on our preferences. And we were not disappointed; the food here is excellent.  Sandwiches, burgers and desserts are very flavorful and the presentation is pretty good.I ended up getting their french dip sandwich, with roast beef. The au jus sauce was amazing. I ordered the sandwich with chedder munchers. They were so good that my friends ended up eating alot of my chedder munchers. They enjoyed their food as well.  Its always a good sign when people are sharing food, because they think that its the best they've had in a while. Overall, I love this place. If I am craving french dip I know where to go in Henderson. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking to try a quite place for any type of occasion.
4	We tried the fried pickle chips......yum! The cheese munchies.....yum! A really chill, relaxed atmosphere. I asked the bar tender about their whore ales and gave me additional samples outside of what I ordered. Definitely will be back.
4	Met friends on a Sunday evening. I was very surprised at the menu, like other reviewers, I expected just another tavern. BF had the T-bone, huge portion and he loved it! I had to leave after an appetizer, due to scheduling, but the party of 6 stayed for hours! Only thing missing, only one Cider option. Attention management: Apple ciders are all the rage, and a good option for ladies that don't care for beer. You get the gents in with all your beers, but keep us girls happy too!
1	The food was sooooo nasty the chicken was dry the service was great until the shift.. it had no flavor at all I wouldn't recommend it to a dog.. and the are overpriced. .
5	Love love love the bartenders Justin and Brett! I come here because it's near my best friend's house and this is usually our last stop of the night or the place I go to to unwind after work. Bartenders are very attentive and welcoming. Fireside has a laid back atmosphere and has definitely become one of my fave local bars.
5	I love fireside! I've come in very late and the food is always amazing, definitely not your typical greasy bar food, the bartenders and staff are very nice and I always get great service. The decor is dark and intimate, the couch and the fireplace is a great place to drink and relax
3	The food is good here but the service still is way below par.  Mike is the best server we have ever had, every other experience when is not here had been horrible.  He is the only server we have had who comes back to check on you.
1	Was there on Sunday afternoon with my wife. Maybe 5 customers in the place, but the service from the bartender was absolutely nonexistent. Will never go back!
5	Went for my first time this weekend and the bartender was incredibily nice. Machines were hot. I didnt eat the food but the atmosphere was awesome. I will be going back!
5	Great place great service great drinks the bar tenders are awesome specially Sunday nights they have a little  bartender I believe her name is Jessi super sweet not to mention sexy... and her sidekick mikey made this place worth coming back to define really check it out
5	In this town, bars are a dime a dozen. They are on every street corner, shopping center, and neighborhood.  We love coming to Fireside Restaurant and Tavern because not only is it right down the street, this is far from just an ordinary neighborhood bar.  We enjoy coming here for the convenience and the personalized service.  Justin is always amazing, friendly, attentive, and professional not with just us, but with everyone in his bar.  He shakes our hands, greets us with a great attitude, and presents us with our usual beer right when we sit.  Their broad and adventurous beer list is an obvious draw but it's really the service and the wonderful attention we get from everyone from the bartender to the cooks in the back.  Everyone is very accommodating and we've never had a bad time visiting.  It's not only gaming and smoker friendly, but also non gaming a great place if you just want to hang out after a long day or people watch.  Breakfast and a limited menu is offered after midnight and on occasions they have live music playing on the weekends. If you are looking for a place to just relax and grab some grub after a long day, look for Justin, the service he provides comes second to no other bar in this town.  And with all the choices you have in this town, that does wonders for me.  Now if we can get pool tables in there?!?!? :)
5	Perfect place. Comparing service to the Strip Restaurants, not quite there, but miles ahead most local bars. Food was great, and I have been told is all fresh, made in-house daily including sauces, dips and dressings. Excellent beer selection, on draft, and perfect serving temperature. Steaks are best in town. Always clean.
2	We have been here a few times and the food is usually ok.  Nothing to write home about.  We got the pretzel bites and there was enough salt on them to bloat a kidney.  The service the last time we were there was just horrible. So bad that a few ladies at the table next to us left in the middle of their meal. Their exit was a little dramatic but warranted nonetheless.I'm sure we'll give it another try but so far, not a fan.
1	Bartender was awful
5	The beer selection is awesome. Chris knows beer and so does his bartenders. The food is different but GREAT. I really like the variety. I come here enough to know the bartenders and they always have time to chat. 5 stars
3	Very dark on the inside spinach dip was to damn parmesan...my sandwich u did had to much cheese it was nasty .. Curly fries were good
5	Recently, after moving from happy fancy Summerlin into my boyfriend's Henderson home , he brought me to this awesome tavern while trying to expand my range of eats past my favorite places. I love our normal haunts because I am a product of habit. I like our bartenders and I love my same old foods.What makes Fireside unique and exciting to me is their amazing selection of craft beers available in bottles and constantly changing taps. Also, they have "normal bar food" with DELICIOUS twists. Chicken fingers? Try scrumptious, thinly sliced, juicy, white breast fillets covered in a light crunchy panko bread crumb. I highly recommend subbing out french fries for their famous cheesy tots. Little crispy nuggets of greatness filled with an ooey gooey cheesy middle. My other favorite things is after only two visits the gals behind the bar remembered us, so I will be glad to return here for drinks and/or food!!!!
3	I've heard some great things about this place but was honestly a bit disappointed. Their staff was absolutely great, but their food options were very limited. I could barely even stomach the spinach dip. I would recommend this place for drinks with some friends, but id say avoid it if you're planning on eating. I will be back, but I will be sure to eat beforehand!
4	Stopped in for some late night nachos and potato skins.   The nachos are still awesome, the skins not bad.The place was not crowded for a Friday night and not really that bad as far as smoke goes.  It seemed like the people in there are regulars who hang out there often.It was a pretty good mix even though it was light of men and women.  The food continues to impress and worth the visit.  It is nice to have a 24/7 place to grab some good food in a good atmosphere where you are taken care of and welcomed no matter if it's the first time, once in a while or a regular.A good spot for late night hanging.
1	I tried to order any cocktail and they didn't have any mixers. The food is good some days and bad the next. I was disappointed because its near where I live, but I don't care to go back.
1	Calzone was burned to all hell and that was the second one, the first was blacker than black and I tried I have them fix it and should have just gone to Roberto's.
