4	One of the niceset sportsbooks on the strip. Large, comfy leather chairs, private area you can rent out with couches, etc. Plenty of windows and every line you could ever want. Staff helpful and friendly. One free drink coupon with a bet over $300. This seemed a little strange but hey when in vegas.... Overall I think its a fun, cool place to hang out, watch some games and bet your @ss off. Also people watching is fun when they are losing and talking to themselves while pacing. Definately at the top of the sportsbook list slightly higher than the smaller stadium style book at the Palazzo. Good Luck!
2	The sports book itself is wondeful, huge comfy chairs and great TV's and graphics, but the bet-takers seemed annoyed I was there to interrupt their personal conversation and they were snarky when I asked some simple questions. Result, one little bet, took my other wagers to Caesars.Amazing how you can spend millions and create a wondeful space and have it ruined by snotty indifferent t help.
3	So mixed. Great seats, arrangement, TVs, food was even good!But this is where the worst waitresses in the hotel are. I had about six beers in two hours, and the fastest I was served was 30 minutes. 30 minutes for a beer! We ordered chicken strips and fries, which took over an hour. They lost the order when we inquired for the third or fourth time where our food was. The waitress was very apologetic, but still... these things just added up. Then I made it halfway back to the room before I realized she never gave me back my credit card.However, the beer was cold, the food was good, the atmosphere (aside from the smoke) was definitely good, the crowd was into the game. Just "eh".
2	Unfortunately this is a terrible sportsbook for those that are actually betting (apparently from reading the other reviews it seems people don't really know much about it?). They take the most juice and have the worst lines I've ever encountered in Vegas (hmm, does +105/-200 seem fair to anyone?). Make the walk down the strip to Caesar's or a MGM casino if you're actually placing any bets. If you read covers.com or any of the other sports betting websites, they'll tell you the same thing I'm saying - stay far far away from the Wynn. The pros know!
2	One of the worst sportsbooks in Vegas.  I judge sportsbooks by the amount of seats & TVs & frankly, the Wynn has little of both. This sportsbooks has a million seats for those interested in horse races...but for the rest of America you have to fight for like 20 seats.  LAME.  I ended up standing in the back to watch some games.  If you staying at Wynn, then you have no choice...but if you are wandered like myself I'd make my way somewhere else.
3	This place was great for the Wildcard NFL Sunday!  So many t.v.'s and seating areas.However the waitresses are hit or miss.
3	So, it is a little small and there are not enough seats. Very true!The pony betters are a little too close and I wish they were in another area. However, this place does have a lot of unique betting chances available and can have lines that are very different from the rest of the city.The chairs are comfy if you can one  I do wish it had better tv's though.
4	Spent two days at the Sportsbook last weekend.  I was a huge fan of the fact that a staff member helped hotel guests get and reserve seats for hotel guests that got there really early.  Great job and good customer service!Love that you can order food at the adjacent cafe during the games!The reason for only four stars:  1.  You have to spend 300 dollars in wagers to get one drink coupon.  That is really ridiculous when you can get FREE drinks at the Bellagio Sportsbook.  A more reasonable wagering price would be more reasonable.  2.  The lines to place a wager during college and NFL games can extend into the casino.  Why not hire more staff?
3	Spent four days at Wynn and was a regular in the book.  the Reserved Seating (for NFL and College Football) is monitored by Sharon and are for guests of the hotel only.  I liked this nice touch.   Did not care for the $300 bet requirement to get libations when, as Mary Ann C points out, Bellagio is completely free (and they put the games on the big TV's)  Still, if you are staying at Wynn, worth checking out.
5	If you are leaving your casino to go to a sports book then this is the only one worth driving to. Good size, they have the best odds, and they have the most future bets. Also it is in the freaking Wynn.
4	I'm a huge fan of this sports book, and it's my favorite out of all the ones I've been to in Vegas (Aria, Mandalay Bay, Venetian/Palazzo, MGM Grand, Hilton, Mirage, and The Cosmopolitan).  I hear the one at the M is also top of the line (and also where many pros hang out), but I haven't had a chance to check it out just yet. Positives: - Tons of HD TVs and two huge screens (one that shows the main events and the other that shows horse racing)- Comfortable seating - There are many seats where you will have your own screen with access to all the sports channels and horse races.  During busy days such as college football Saturdays and NFL Sundays, most of the seats are reserved.  If you are staying at the hotel, just let them now you want a spot reserved at the sports book, and they will set you up.  - Great betting odds - I spent about three weeks in Vegas recently and the odds were favorable compared to MGM and many others. - Overall comfort - It's at the Wynn...what else is there to say?  - The Cocktail Waitresses (not that it matters if you are with your wife or girlfriend...) - Very friendly and gorgeous.  They are always attentive, even during busy days.  Negatives: - The main reason I don't want to give 5 stars is because of the drink ticket situation.  These guys are cheap asses.  I've heard that you need to bet $200-$300 for just one drink ticket, but I don't know what the answer is.  I never got a drink ticket for betting under $200, but there were times I would bet $500-$600 and I wouldn't get anything.  Maybe I should have asked, but if I place a decent bet, I shouldn't have to ask for a drink ticket. After I cashed out a few grand one time, I was tempted to tell the manager that I could now buy hundreds of his drink tickets and he should stick them up his ass.  But of course I didn't because I didn't have the balls to, and besides this complaint, the workers and managers are actually really friendly...  Overall, if you are looking for a great place to hang out, drink, and watch/bet on sports, the Wynn sports book is one of the best places to head to.
5	When I was in Vegas this is the sports book that caught my eye.There's tons of HD TVs here and pretty comfortable seating. Seems to be the newest fanciest looking sports book I seen on the strip. When I go back to Vegas this is the first sports book I'll be hitting.
1	I love the Wynn property. I am a local, so I frequent this property -- that is until now.  I had family in town this past weekend and took them to see Le Reve at the Wynn. We had arrived a little early so we decided to walk around the grounds.  We saw the Oscars were on in the Race and Sports book. The ladies took a seat while the guys walked around.  The cocktail waitress came by and told us there was a 1 drink minimum.  I figured as much and ordered a gin and tonic.  The cocktail waitress "Brittany" was EXTREMELY rude. Not to mention, it took probably 15 minutes for her to bring the drink.  Once I had it, I discovered it was 100% tonic!! A $9 tonic water!  All four of us tasted it and all agreed.  I asked her about it and she brushed us off. Brittany had a terrible attitude.  Does she remember she is in the service industry? The service was HORRIBLE. For a property that prides itself on service and hospitality, this was a FAIL. They should take better consideration into who they hire and their attitudes.  I believe I will stick to MGM properties from now on -- specifically Aria or Bellagio!!
5	This is a very nice race and sports book. Of course it would be, it is in the Wynn. Everything here is a five star experience. It is not as busy as the Redrock, but I prefer the Redrock if I am going to hang out and watch the games. I like coming here because for some reason, the NFL money lines are usually better here if you take the dogs.
4	This Place from the Rooms to the Food to The staff to the Environment to the PoolIs Awesome.
5	The sports book is open and friendly. Love the bar at the entrance and the service was Great, even though it was packed for the NFL.
4	Out of all the sports book I checked out this one seemed to be the classiest. The downside like many reviews say is that you have to spend around $200-300 to get a friggin drink ticket. Its not a big deal but I still think  thats absurd (keeps the broke ones away?) I had a great time during the Panther Vs 49ers game and won a nice lil sum of money in that also.The employees are nice, just wish they had more cocktail waitresses as it can take a few minutes to get your order in.
3	KENTUCKY DERBY FUTURE BETSI tend to find the slot machines at the Wynn and Encore fairly tight. I was trying to find other ways to make money. I went to the sports book facility in February to place a future bet on the Kentucky Derby. The bet I made in February was Commissioner at odds of 28-1. When I went to Vegas again last March I placed a win bet on Honor Code, considered the early winter book favorite of the Kentucky Derby, at odds of 14-1. Why those two horses? I'm a big horse racing fan and one of my favorite horses is AP Indy, a champion racehorse and stallion that ran at Bay Meadows. These two horses are from his final racing crop. Unfortunately racing luck didn't play out for me. Honor Code was eventually ruled out of the Derby because of an injury. Commissioner, a closer, didn't win in his last three races and appears not to qualify for the Kentucky Derby. If either of them ran in the Kentucky Derby I would have given a higher rating. Call me a sore loser. LOLOverall this facility has a classic ambiance with its amber colored decor. The facility is separated from the casino. This gives a relaxing atmosphere to place a wager. In addition you don't get the rough crowd at other places. Will I come here again? Perhaps. I might come here to place a small wager on this year's FIFA World Cup. If I win a wager here I'll definitely give a higher rating on my updated review. In "Jerry Maguire" there's that famous quote "Show me the money!"
2	Pretty much the worst sports book I have been to on the Strip. 1) People taking your bet act like they are not getting paid to do a job. They are extremely grumpy and rude. 2) We were there on Independence Day to bet on the World Cup games (France vs. Germany....tons of europeans there wanting to bet on the game...hello, why lose out on all that business?). They only had one station for betting open at the time and there was a line of approximately 50 people waiting hoping to bet in time for the game to start. We called and complained to the manager and then talked to him in person. He said he didn't expect there to be so many people. Ummm...it is a holiday weekend with the biggest sports event in the world. If you do not know about this, then you should not be managing the sports book. 3) The cocktail waitresses won't get you a drink unless you have a drink ticket. You get 1 ticket per $200 bet. That is just ridiculous. If you want to pay for a drink and have a waitress brink it to you, that should be an option. The waitresses are losing out on tips. That is a stupid policy. Also, I can see not giving comped drinks to people who aren't betting, but I was. Yes, it was only $100 but that ahould be enough for one comped drink or at least the option to have a cocktail waitress serve you.
