5	CrossFit West Valley is a great CrossFit Affiliate gym on the boarder of Glendale & Peoria about a mile north of U. of Phoenix stadium. The coaches and members are very friendly. Members are all levels of fitness and everyone is very supportive. Prices are the best in the West Valley for a full service CrossFit gym.In the interest of full disclosure I'm the owner/coach, Brendan.
5	I've been working with this gym for quite a while, and the transformation I've made has been really amazing.  If you can put it in the work, and want to be pushed to your limits every day and see real results, check it out!  Brendan really cares about helping his members improve, and the individual attention made absolutely all of the difference for me.  Plus, who doesn't love to brag about what kind of weight they bench?!
5	I've been working with this gym awhile.. I recently just recovered from a broken wrist and brenden have worked with me very well in making up my own work outs or incorporating different exercises in lieu of others for the WOD. I fully recommend this gym to anyone who is interested! If you are big or small or "think" you are fit come check this place out!
5	I just recently joined and recieved an introduction to Crossfit... truly life changing and a really fun way to challenge yourself, no matter what your starting level.
5	For 3 years I was a subscriber to "chronic cardio" as my form of exercise.  I signed up for race after race to stay motivated and completed my first full marathon a year ago.  During that period I dodged knee problems here and there, and after the marathon the injuries seemed to stick around longer than ever.  That's when I knew I had to change things up, and a friend recommended Crossfit West Valley.  The workouts are always challenging, but are scaled to accommodate varying skill levels.  The staff is very helpful and thorough with instruction and advice when it comes to diet and other recommendations when it comes to getting the best results.  Within the first month I was in better shape than when I was at the height of my distance running, and 6 months later I am still improving.  I'd recommend this gym to anyone looking for a unique and challenging way to get in shape.
5	I joined Crossfit West Valley with a limeted but specific goal about 8 months ago...the goal was to pass my Air Force fitness test.  I did, with flying colors (and had only been attending for 3 months at that point)!  Crossfit is the first thing I have ever done workout wise that has stuck.  I have challenged myself more in the last year through Crossfit than I have ever before.  It has changed me physically but also mentally.  I am stronger, fitter and have more confidence than I could have thought possible...just because I show up and try my hardest.  Brendan is a great coach and works with every fitness level.  Trust me, there was nothing fit about me when I walked in the door for the first time.  The friendships and supportive atmosphere are amazing, it's a group of people I adore.  Please, don't be afraid...give it a try, you will be thrilled you did.
5	My husband and I had been trying to work out together for years but could not find a gym where we both felt comfortable.  I found out about the Crossfit community through a friend and was told it was for both men and women.  We did the free class and knew it was exactly what we needed.  We joined in Sept 2012 and have been going consistently ever since!  It is a great stress relief, we have met some wonderful people, we look forward to our training, Brendan & staff are very knowledgeable about proper technique and are very helpful and motivating!  We are on our way to our fitness goals and have a new found strength we did not think possible!  Make a commitment to yourself to give it a try.  You will not regret the investment in your health!  I highly recommend!
4	Went there last night, did their intro class, Sam the trainer, was very informative, went over the proper way to use the equipment, put a nice but hard work out together for us to do, timed us; it was fun.  It was probably what I was looking for & I would have joined but they only offered their beginner class every 2 weeks, next one starts 8/5/13. I can't wait two weeks and they didn't have any other options.
5	I have been a member of CrossFit West Valley for 9 months 15 days to be exact (New Years resolution to get strong). So far, my experiences have been amazing. After college, my first job required me to travel upwards of 75%. Needless to say, I got out of shape in a BIG way. I tried the traditional gym route but knew right away that was not for me. It felt like a chore, and I wanted something I thought was fun. CFWV was my answer. I remember walking in the first time. I was very nervous but I told myself, "What's the worst that could happen." I am glad I walked in the door. They scaled the workouts to my abilities and as I continued to show up, I got better. I improve every day and slowly I have been seeing my old competitive self-returning. The owners, Jim, Cyndi and Brennan are amazing and will push you to be better but at the same time stay within your capabilities. They are extremely cognizance of proper form and take the time to explain and make sure you are completing the workouts safely with proper form.  The atmosphere they have created at CFWV is amazing. I find that I now spend most of my free time with members of the gym. Everyone is very supportive and willing to help you out. I don't know about you, but for me, when I see the people next to me pushing themselves to become better versions of themselves or when I have 5 reps to go and I have 5 people standing there cheering me on to finish, I can't help but put in my best effort. In the end, I highly recommend CFWV and will leave you with this final comment. If you are looking for a change and want an atmosphere that will help you become a better version of you, in an environment that is extremely welcoming and supportive, and filled with people of many different capabilities, sizes, and ages, come into CFWV and give it a try. I did, and if you decide to join me at CFWV (I go to the7PM class), from my experiences you will not regret the decision.
5	For Christmas time I went with the family to AZ from CA to visit the in-laws.  Checked around and found this awesome Crossfit gym.  I saw that they took drop-ins free of charged and loved it.  Being in the area for a week, I needed to get some workouts in and Crossfit West Valley took me in.  Jim, the owner, was a great coach and a good guy.  Went to 4 WODs and love each one.  If we ever move to AZ, I will definitely join.  Thanks Jim!
