4	Good value a large pizza that's actually large for 5.95 pick up.  I have tried a fee different pizza and would recommend the bacon pizza it goes well with their sweet Tomato sauce.  The pepperoni is also good and the wings are good and the price is right.  There is another older location off of grande ave hole in the wall but the food speaks for itself.
4	I've had this Pizza twice now and have not been disappointed. I usually get thin crust Large 1 topping it's only 5.95. It's one of my favorite Pizza joints in Surprise and you can beat the quality, taste and price.. It's much better than the higher priced Pizza places in town.. and if you want NY Style just ask for thin crust & light on the cheese and it comes out just right, thin a little crispy, chewy and just right.  I usually order 2 large specials and it's a great deal for under 14 bucks!BTW I tried a chicken taco from their Mexican food menu, and it was pretty good. I can't wait to try all the other items
2	If you're on a diet, this pizza is for you.  You will definitely be able to observe proper portion control with this pizza, as it is so disappointing that you will want to put it down.The sauce tastes like Ragu, and half of the pizza is actually just crust.  Ordered a Large bacon pizza for delivery, price was comparable to other locations nearby.Go down the road to Lucky's.
4	Delivery is king, price is right, and pizza and wings are good.I enjoyed a pepperoni and bacon pizza with the sweet barbecue wings for $17.99 plus delivery.  I also had a pepperoni and ham pizza with the sweet barbecue wings.Both times the pizza and wings disappeared within an hour at my home.  Must be good pizza and the price is less than other providers in the area.  Try them out :)
5	My new favorite pizza place!  The pizza here is delicious.  There's nothing fancy about the pizza, it's just good.  I order the ham and pepperoni pizza along with 12 wings.  It's a special they have for I think 13.99.  The wings are just fine, but I'm not really that crazy about wings all together.   It takes about 45 minutes to be delivered.  The delivery boys are very polite.  I will continue to order from them for now on.
1	Well I just have to say that I will NEVER order pizza or wings from this place. My sister ordered 2 pizzas and 50 wings from this place and had it delivered. First it took over an hour to get there only to be given some wings that had already been eaten with the bones still in the box! When she called to talk to the manager their excuse was "the cook was eating and we probably boxed and delivered his wings". Excuse me but why in the heck is the cook eating where the food is being prepared!!! Serious sanitation violation.
4	Other pizza places will not deliver to us. One day we say a US Pizza guy in our neighborhood and called up. Pizza was good, I loved the hot wings. The wings are very traditional classic taste, hot enough, but not too hot. I look forward to trying the Mexican food. Do not be afraid to try this place out, it won't knock your socks off but you will get some good food.
1	Well I just have to say that I will NEVER order pizza or wings from this place. My sister ordered 2 pizzas and 50 wings from this place and had it delivered. First it took over an hour to get there only to be given some wings that had already been eaten with the bones still in the box! When she called to talk to the manager their excuse was "the cook was eating and we probably boxed and delivered his wings". Excuse me but why in the heck is the cook eating where the food is being prepared!!! Serious sanitation violation.
4	This may be out new pizza delivery go to.  I ordered for the first time the other day and I was impressed at how fast the food came, the pizza and wings were pretty good.  The girl on the phone who took my order was cold, but not rude.  I was impressed with the prices and specials.
5	Best wings around! Being from Buffalo, NY we are used to the best wings and this is it!! Pizza is OK.
3	Trying out another pizza joint! Was my turn to cook, so I ordered Pizza. Wife wanted to try this place out. So I ordered an XL pepperoni pizza well done, then I noticed they also serve Mexican food? So I ordered three ground beef tacos, and a green chili burrito. The pizza is not that bad when hot, I enjoyed the cheese, pepperoni, and dough. The sauce can be better, it was more to the tomato sauce taste. I really enjoyed the green chili burrito, I made the mistake and asked for enchilada style. Should have just had plain. Wife did not like the taco's, I did not try them so I can not tell you why. Service was quick, and the food was hot. This is another place that has a delivery charge? I hate that, never been charged that in Cali, but since I moved here to AZ, seems like everyone has a delivery charge? Overall everything was good, have had better pizza, but I do like the variety of the menu.
5	I love this place! Compares to Barros but better and cheaper! Me, my hubby, and our kids all love the pizza and wings here. The wings are meaty and definitely better than Buffalo Wild Wings. To feed a family of 4 when 3 out of 4 are men/ boys you can't beat it! Screw the pizza huts and papa johns chain pizza joints and check this place out. Delivery is fast and they are always nice. Our delivery place since we first tried it and from now on.
4	Although I usually go to the El Mirage location I have been here twice leaving the gym. They are exactly the same pizza is mediocre, nothing special, wings (suicide and hot) are absolutely amazing chicken is cooked properly wings are crispy and sauce is tasty. What more can you ask for. They only give packets of blue cheese ( and charge 50 cents) which I hate but the wings are the best I have had and they pay attention to your order (most of the time) and get it correct. I have eaten wings all over the valley but somehow I always end up back at US Pizza.
5	Best pizza in town! Family owned and operated. Try the wings.. With a hot works pizza.
1	I ordered online, when I went inside to pick up my pizza the gal at the desk seemed like she hated her life and made me feel as if I was inconveniencing her.  Upon biting into my pizza, I was immediately sent back in time to the days of school cafeteria pizza.  My husband agreed.  It was not good to say the least.  I would say little caesars over these guys any day for a cheap pizza.
5	I've always loved the food but now they have football and beer. We need to support local businesses.
2	Food is good and I dont mine waiting awhile for delivery. But we got the wrong pizza (which it happens) I called and they said the would switch the pizzas out. So delivery man came back and we swaped pizzas. I was reassured that mine was in the delivery car the whole time. I know they gave the pizza I had in my house that I opened to someone else. I lost my trust in them. I know I am a clean person and did not touch the pizza it self. But what if I did something to it? You dont know now days.  Should be once out of the sight of the driver you cant give it to anyone else. Then I cant get their contact page to work on the web sight. Will give them a call tomorrow.
1	Poor customer service, felt rushed off the phone when ordering. Was told it's a $1 extra for each topping when I got the total it didn't add up I walked her through the prices and her response " oh toppings must be $1.50 and the rest should be delivery charge ya that sounds about right?" Okay I'm hungry it adds up with the newly changed pricing whatever. I was told 40 to 55 min at 6:48 pm come 8:02 still no pizza. I call she says they are min away call back in 5 to 8 min. If they don't make it well its now 8:14 pm and I'm writing this review. Won't order again.  Just got my pizza now 8:24 pm and to be honest it is warm but the white pizza is far from it for $3 more I could of got a oh so yummy white pizza and wings from Barros.
4	Came here on a Saturday for lunch with with the family.  Pizza was good and my son's bacon cheeseburger was ok.  My hubby didn't like the wings too much but overall it's an ok spot to eat on a budget.  My stars goes out to the customer service for Dine in.  They were all very nice and attentive.  I had no problem getting anything I asked for.  Great customer service!
