5	I met Dottie and Heads Will Roll at the beginning of this year when I had signed up for a Pin up Photo shoot. She was the hair stylist for the shoot and amazing at Pin up hairstyles. I had been trying for a few years to find someone who could cut and style my hair the way I had been asking. I wanted Bettie bangs and it wasn't until I found Dottie did my bangs really look like Bettie bangs and I was truly happy. I now go to Dottie and Heads Will Roll Beauty Salon  faithfully for all my hair cuts, colors, and styles. She even does my make-up for shoots and I have to say is amazing. I will remain with Dottie for as long as she is doing hair. Not only is she amazing at hair and make-up but she is also just an amazing person you can not help but enjoy being around!!!
5	Dottie at Heads Will Roll Beauty Salon is the best hair stylist. I have jumped from hair dresser to hair dresser looking for someone to style and cut my hair in a way that best fits my facial features. It wasn't until I met Dottie that I finally got the style and cut that I have been looking for. Dottie has done my hair and make up for many photo shoots and events. If you are looking for that perfect look or style contact Heads Will Roll. You won't be disappointed!!
5	A top notch team of very creative hair and makeup artists!  Even better they have the talent to realize their creative visions!  I have used them for a number if photoshoot a and I am always blown away!
5	Seriously had a wonderful experience. I got exactly what I wanted for my hair and the environment was SO welcoming. She really knew what she was doing and I'm totally going there again!! I finally found my hairstylist. Haha
5	The HWR team is outstanding. They are professional, use quality products and the end result is always spectacular! You will not regret using their services one bit.
5	HAIIIR IT IS. I just have to say it. Ive came to Dottie for several years now and really nobody does it like her. She understands my course unmanageable over processed knots and turns it into soft luscious healthy hair again. Oh and give her 20 minutes or less to whip up a crazy sexy hairstyle and she will. Theirs nothing she can't do.
5	I love dottie, She makes me look how I am suppose to look.... perfect....
