5	My favorite model train store in Vegas. Just about every Friday after work, I stop by to see John and Dee.
2	Being new to Las Vegas, I was excited to visit Westside Trains. I am an experienced model railroader, so maybe my expectations were too high. When I entered the store the person at the counter never even said a word to me. I guess customers are not that important. There was a lot of Lionel trains, but nothing really displayed very well. The HO products were few and basically for beginning modelers. Very few structure kits and certainly no craftsman kits. Equally lacking was any scratch building supplies other than a few plastistruct items. I always prefer to support local businesses, but it looks like I will have to go back to using online stores.
5	Went to this store in pursuit of my father's new N-scale train hobby.  The staff was awesome and, though they had a small selection, they showed us everything they had and made suggestions on our project.  We went there specifically for N-scale magazines which they had- and even had a few back issues that we bought.  I love to support local small businesses like this and this place is definitely on my "return to" list.  Thank you Westside Trains!
2	I'm an experienced n-scale railroader.  Service was polite but a tad impersonal. I believe in supporting brick & mortar stores as much as possible, but it's hard to do when the store is closed three days of the week.  I wanna pull for ya guy, but you've got to meet the customer half-way!That said, I did custom-order some Digitrax equipment from him, and my order arrived within a few days of placing the order!  Prices are typical of B&M retail -- no complaints but no great deals either.  N-Scale inventory is very thin; this store is a treasure trove if you're into Lionel.  Forget about detail parts and accessories if you're an n-scaler.  Scenic supplies are all about Woodland Scenics.  Typical Kato inventory and retail pricing. Granted, there aren't many model railroad retailers in the Las Vegas valley, but we really need one a notch above this store.  I get the feeling the proprietor runs the store as a retirement hobby, rather than an endeavor to create a thriving MRR shopping experience.
