5	I've always liked this store...now I love it.We live in North Scottsdale, so this place is a good 25 miles away. It's Memorial Day Weekend and we are halfway to the store AND one of the biggest sales of the year when J. says to me, "you remembered the 20% off coupon, DIDN'T you???". Well, no, I have to admit I didn't and we got there to a store full of people and put our hands almost immediately on what we came for plus more.Enter Mary...upon telling her that I forgot the coupon and thought we were going to spend the $100 minimum to qualify, she took the time on this very busy day to look up my membership number and coupon code, enabling us to save $20 on top of the great discounts they already had.I think this is one of the best places to get outdoor clothing in the area...shop the Holiday sales and save enough to fill your tank in gas and get out to the great outdoors.
5	Prices are so cheap here, hiking shoes for thirty bucks, so worth the drive!!
4	They have a seriously great selection of Columbia gear (obviously) and they have a bunch of stuff at great prices. My mom got a great down winter coat for $120 and I got some awesome mittens for skiing that were totally toasty for $10!Win!!!
4	Love this store! Great deals super service & would highly recommend to anyone! Manager was a great help & McCormick helped us check out! Thank You
4	We had a gift card for the Columbia Sportswear outlet and came here to spend it.  Columbia gear is awesome, but premium priced.  We spent a while looking for something to purchase with our $100 gift card.  We settled on a long sleeved shirt that was on the sale rack for $65 and a couple of hats for $25 ea....yep, we spent a little more than the gift card, but that was to be expected.  I wanted to get a jacket, but it was $165 and I had to remind myself that living in the Sonoran Desert, I would never wear it....LOL.Return Factor - 60%
5	I've loved shopping at this great store ever since it opened. Now I live 500 miles away and when I visit Phoenix this is one of my MUST stops. The store always has a big variety of clothing and accessories for the outdoor and casual lifestyle. I hesitate to think how much money I've spent here over the years.The previous poster is correct about store manager "Mary." She is great, so helpful with customers and she's on the floor nearly all the time. She's trained the staff very well, service at this store is excellent, certainly the best in any outlet store I've ever visited. Bonus in this store - they extend a 10% military discount to active duty, retired, and dependents.If you're in the Phoenix area and you need outdoor clothing, head straight to the Columbia Outlet at Anthem. In the summer time used the covered parking on the west side of the buildings at the north end where the Columbia store is located.
