5	I finally convinced my husband that I "needed" a king bed.  Pregnancy and him having to sleep on 1/4 of a queen bed while I hogged the rest due to turning from side to side, heat and simple size alone caused him to be back on board (he wasn't going to do that ever again!) :) Anyway, we went to a few mattress stores and were at the mattress firm in the same complex (about to plunk down $2k for a serta pillow top with $69 delivery) and saw this place.  Inside: not glam, you lay on mattresses in plastic and it isn't pretty or decorated etc.  That being said; we walked out with a king serta pillow top with mis-matched box spring (delivered free since we live nearby) for $600....un-real steal :) If you don't care what your boxspring looks like or if you have the most recent edition of mattress, then this is your place.  You'll save tons of $$ :)
5	Today I walked into R & S Mattress and was greeted warmly.  We were looking for a king mattress (firm), and had about a $2000 budget.  Our salesperson, Dave, quickly directed us to the perfect mattress.  He pulled down another mattress for comparison, and we decided on the first.  He was knowledgable and we quickly bought the mattress.  Surprisingly, he offered to have the mattress delivered that afternoon, which was a huge help to us.  He even offered to deliver it himself on the way home.  This is truly neighborly service!  In less than an hour, the delivery fellow was at our door, efficiently set up our new mattress, hauled our old stuff away, and it was all done, from start to finish (going to the store to lying on the bed) in less than 2 hours!!  I highly recommend this humble little store.  If you want a mattress that is discounted appropriately well, and don't need all the buttons and whistles of the department mall store or large chain store, this is your place to shop!!!
5	We've had two bad bed buying experiences in the last few years. Over $4,000 in and we're in the market again for another King bed. I won't be tacky and name names but these well known stores beds did not stand up to all the hype the salesman promised.  We've been sleeping in two sunken pits.  Okay, I'm venting, but I feel better now.So....my husband and I are going shopping at Northsight - Loop 101 plaza in Scottsdale and we drive by the R & S mattress store.  We flip a B and stop in and are so thankful we did.  David was very knowledgeable and a genuinely nice guy.  He took the time to listen to our sad past experiences.  He said he hears the same thing over and over again from his customers.  Dave laid out many beds for us to try.  He explained what each bed was made of and the difference between the models.  These beds are made right here in the Valley.  Needless to say, we took the plunge and purchased a King bed.  It was actually delivered the very next day.  They even hauled away our old bed.We've had restful/comfortable sleep the last few nights and no more counting sheep.Thanks Dave for the outstanding service.  You're the best!!!GingerScottsdale, AZ
5	I bought 2 beds from Dave, a king and a queen.  The queen bed was very comfortable, however, the king was too soft.  Dave told me, "If you are not happy within 30 days, call me and I'll take care you of."  Well, sure enough, I called within that time and went back over to R&S.  Dave was able to work with me to find another mattress.  His crew delivered it within a few days and took back the original mattress.  I am very happy with the new mattress!  Thanks, Dave, for working with me to make me happy!  You epitomize what true customer service is all about.  I highly recommend R&S.  Prices are great and service is top notch.
5	Shopping at R & S Mattress was a great experience! Dave is very friendly and knowledgeable. We've had bad experiences with our last two pillow top mattresses (purchased elsewhere) and were determined not to go down that road again. Dave took the time to explain the different materials and construction and why we had the problems we had. He helped us select a mattress that was comfortable, well built, has a good warranty and was well within our budget.  Within an hour the new mattress was delivered (free) and our old one hauled away - talk about exceptional customer service! Very satisfied and will be back next time we are in need.
5	Was time to make the transition from a full to a King, and I couldn't be more pleased with the service I received here! David was wonderful and guided me to the right bed to fit my needs. I never felt pressured and he was more than happy to answer any of my questions. And most of the beds are made right here in the valley, so you're supporting local business too! I'm sleeping like an angel, and you will too if you go to R&S Mattress!
