3	They serve an immense amount of food on the plate. Nothing spectacular, we aren't talking haute cuisine. The service was excellent. The food... well, it's rotisserie chicken and ribs, folks. Not worth driving out of the way,but if you are looking for something informal and you are in the neighbourhood, it's a good choice.
4	Dropped by this place to have a quick bite before heading off to Guzzo next door for a movie. I was famished and I went with a no thrill selection of a half-chicken with some fries and some Rickard's White because why not, this is a Rotisserie after all right? The chicken must be good...AND IT WAS! YEY!!!Within 15 minutes, my chicken arrived and literally hopped into my mouth in the most hospitable fashion. I already had my Rickard's White at hands mere minutes after I ordered to help me wash this great chicken down.Moist and tender this chicken was as a ravaged through my meals under the eyes of friends. The fries were done just right and came with an amazing bun (you know, not those cheap ones you get from St-Hubert) and sauce.Minutes later, I left satisfied and enjoyed the rest of the evening.The price tag is solid and the service was as well though I'd state some of the skirts were a bit too short for the conservative types but hey, I won't complain.I'm not conservative in the least.
5	I dropped by this place with low expectations(slow service, bad food). I left this place wanting more!! The serve was not only quick but always with a smile. The hostess was like a family member making you feel right at home. My girlfriend and I ordered burgers which where delightful!! The portions where just right and the cooking on my pattie was on point(grilled well on the outside and pink on the inside!!). Later we had desert and once again it was great! Amazing even! Everything was served with a smile and served quickly! I was so happy I left a 30% tip! I highly recommend this place after or before watching a movie at Marche Central!!
3	I went there to have diner with my husband and, although the food was good, the service was pretty bad. My husband has a bit of a speech problem and when he ordered his food (in English) the waitress said to him in French that she didn't understand him after which she continued to speak to us in French and being kind of rude, while she spoke English with the couple sitting at the next table.
2	Nothing special. Chicken is OK, prices are in the midrange. Service is slow, so if you're in a rush for lunch let them know. We came as a big group for a birthday lunch and we were in and out in 2 hours which is unacceptable. It wasn't even busy either. The roast beef sandwich au jus was delicious however.  Crispy fried onions and melted cheese over beef will win me over every time.
