4	I have been to this place several times but it has been awhile.  I always had good food here and would recommend it.  It is not fancy, but it is worth the trip.
5	Wow ... really miss this place.  We left Charlotte in 2000.  Nothing like Sonny's here in San Diego.
5	Sonny's is the pinnacle of great BBQ.  While the atmosphere of the restaurant is a little...lame (I've been to 2 Sonny's--Tyvola Rd and South Blvd), the food and service more than makes up for it. While I will forever be a pulled-pork girl, I have also had their sliced pork, and that was also delicious.  The chicken is pretty darn tasty too!  And I recommend the garlic bread for your sandwich--it is absolutely great!  In terms of sauce, I like the Sizzlin' Sweet. It's got a great kick, but isn't overwhelmingly spicy.  In terms of sides:Corn on the cob (had it twice): Soggy and pretty flavorless.  Sweet Potato is good--really soft and moist and delicious.  I do not, however, recommend the cinnamon spread that they serve with it--just use butter.  Baked BBQ beans:  good, very thick and saucy.  Potato salad: good.  Coleslaw: eh.  I'm not a huge slaw fan anyways, but this one does not stand out as one of the better ones I've had.  Cornbread:  great.  String beans: soggy, but good.The service has always been spectacular when I've been there, even when they're busy.  My husband always gets the "All You Can Eat" meals, and they are quick with replenishments when he wants them.  Pricing is also very good.  You can get a lot of food for under $10, and leave feeling very satisfied.
3	I am a vegetarian, and I still enjoyed Sonny's. I had a full-on feeding frenzy at the salad bar, and I went a little crazy with the banana pudding. I enjoy the casual atmosphere, and it's a great place to bring family who come into town for a visit. One problem with Sonny's is that it's technically the "wrong" barbeque, at least according to my Eastern North Carolina relatives. The difference in the tomato based sauce and the vinegar based sauce is a matter of life or death in some circles.But even as a vegetarian, I have to give Sonny's credit for offering a great  salad bar and for risking putting that banana pudding out for everyone to take at will.
1	If you like the taste of smoke...just smoke, no meat...Sonny's is your place.  If they have to offer all-you-can eat, the BBQ just ain't good enough.
2	I just don't get this place's success.  Bland food in a bland atmosphere.
1	I'm with Tony C. on this one. It's cool cause it's cheap and you leave full, but if you go to any other BBQ place it's like that. To me, the BBQ was greasy and nasty. Believe me, I was paying for it later. Just don't see how anyone could rate this up there with any "mom and pop" BBQ place. It's blasphemy!
3	I have been to this particular Sonny's on several occasions (my office is just up the road) for some self-indulgence.  Wait staff is always attentive and friendly.I have definitely had better bbq elsewhere, but their daily specials (price) are hard to beat.However - I rode by recently and the windows are boarded up....anyone know what the deal is?
3	We were on our way back from Bonnaroo where we consumed mostly frozen burgers and trail mix for about 5 days and were were determined to get some real southern BBQ at some dingy little roadside truck stop.... but after getting off and on and losing 20 minutes searching for a place that ended up being closed on Mondays (apparently most BBQ stop are closed on Mondays in the South) we settled with popping off the highway and setting ourselves up in a booth at Sonny'sWas it the most mind blowing BBQ I have ever had? No. Was it a good deal and a place to fill our bellies? Absolutely. I had the baby back ribs which were actually the star of the show in my opinion. They were extremely tender and pretty well seasoned. I really like that they gave you the 4 different options for sauces right on the table. The pulled pork was yummy and the cornbread made me pretty happy. The mac n cheese however... not so good. It was overcooked and mushy with pretty much no flavor. I ended up putting some of the hot sauce in it to make it palatable. I give it three stars however for value and service. The waitress was SO nice. I mean maybe she was not even that nice for a Southern lady but to us Northerners... she was like the Queen of Nice. So would I go to Sonny's again on a roadtrip? Sure... but only if I happened to come upon one when I was starving on the highway about to reach hour 4 of a 20 hour trip. Next time, we will set aside time for the hunt for a dirty truck stop BBQ pit.
