4	Interesting little meal. This place is supposed to have the best burgers in Montreal. Ummm.. eh?I got the #7 which included a hotdog (on a burger roll) and a little burger. The hot dog was tasty, the burger was OK. It came with a salad but the only options were using the oil & vinegar on the table. I love oil & vinegar so that was a-ok for me. I'm guessing this was kind of a tourist trap, as my meal was $14, a little steep for the diner-esque cuisine. They give you a little jar of pickles though, (for your burger) and I love pickles so I totally ate half the jar. Overall, it's a pretty cheap eat (for the area) and only around the corner from the Sheraton where I'm staying.
4	Mr. Steers. Not the regular burger. Not the greasy, sloppy burger, not a burger made of chuck either, but made of steak. Makes for a different tasty burger served as a ball instead of a patty with crispy bacon and Susy-Q fries to die for AND they have black cherry cola. SOLD. This place has been around for decades and I've been going for over 20 years. Definitely worth the stop. Not cheap but for a different take on the usual burger, go for it.
2	Mister Steer has lots of seating and reasonable prices. The food is okay - I had a western omelette. However, the service is horrible. I waited for about 30-40 minutes for my order when folks around me were getting served. When they finally brought my order, it didn't have the side dish that I had asked for. The server was friendly, but clearly over her head even though the restaurant wasn't full and they had help.
3	I discovered Mister Steer at about eight this morning as I wandered the streets around my hotel seeking an alternative to what would undoubtedly  be a twenty-five dollar Sheraton breakfast.  The happy-looking steer wearing a cowboy hat beckoned me and, always the sucker for an animal that knows that as long as it remains a successful logo, it won't end up on someone's plate, I stopped in.Today was Mister Steer's lucky day.  Too early for burgers, I settled on a tasty diner breakfast: two pancakes, three strips of bacon (the pig wasn't so lucky), two eggs (those poor unborn chickens), potatoes, toast and coffee, all for about thirteen dollars, including the tip.  Not bad at all!  Also, I was in and out in about forty-five minutes, which left me with plenty of time for a last minute trip to Simon's before checking out and beginning the long drive back to Boston.So, all you buckaroos and buckarettes, if you're looking for a diner that opens early, serves good food at a reasonable price with friendly, quick service, give Mister Steer a shot--but not literally, of course.Yee haw!
4	Mister Steer's is a surprisingly good place. Tucked between 2 strip clubs each with its own 'promoter' outside screaming at dudes to come in for 'a free try', you wouldn't think their food is outstanding. I always get the plate with 2 burgers (one with cheese and one with bacon). The meat is sort of ball-shaped and has a lot of flavour. Fries are good as well and prices are reasonable.
5	Steer Burger cooked medium rare is the besssstest thing on the menu... I don't usually like eating burgers but this one wassss AMAZZZZZING AND JUICY JUICY JUICY. By far the most tasty I have ever had!!!
3	Fairly standard burger and fries joint with no frills to other. Proceeded to follow my friends and go there for lunch after we drove up from Boston. Don't ask me why exactly we went there but we were famished, it was close and we just went with it. No point in arguing and trying to spend time trying to find something else when you're both tired and hungry.All five of us were sat at two adjacent booths and after glancing at their wide selection of burgers, we Americans decided to go ahead and order a bunch. In my case, I had a simple cheese burger, which came with a side-salad and some Suzy-Qs fries, which essentially are curly fries which have a light seasoning on them.Everything came out reasonably quickly from the kitchen and the burger was cooked perfectly and was somewhat juicy. The fries on the other hand weren't that great and the salad... well... was a fairly standard salad.I walked in not expecting much and got exactly that. My experience there was decent and the service was efficient, although not that friendly. Seems to me like this place is a tourist trap, especially since it's on St. Catherine's Street. The place was clean, the menu had a wide variety of items and the only catch is that it was cash-only which was kind of annoying, especially since it's 2011. With many more places to eat in the area, I'd stay away from this place as there's much better around, except if you want a burger in which case they do a pretty decent job. After all, they've been in business for over two decades so they definitely can cook their menu well. But it definitely lacked excitement and their menu had nothing local in it. A real shame.
4	I LOVE steak and shake and this is definitely the steak and shake of Montreal.  The bright lights and signs that covered the outside of this place are so Hilarious....all I saw was a large cow head with a big cowboy hat and all I could do was laugh my ass off.  So if what they were going for was attention they had my all!When you walk inside it's like there's a giant hall filled with a long bar with stools that you can sit and eat at.  We opted for the booth style table and were happy to sit and warm up.  We both ordered the cheese burger and  salad then after had dessert.  I ordered the brownie with ice cream.  The burger was delicious and not flat like the good old steak and shake burgers but rather was more like something you would make at home.  It tasted good, no complaints there and had little to no grease as well.  It comes with a salad (nothing special, but perfectly sized), and their fries that are much like curly fries but shorter.The brownie was the perfect end to the meal and I was way too full to come close to finishing it.  So, don't knock the cow with the hat until you try it!
4	Somehow this is the best American style food I've ever had.  I know that seems strange since I was in Canada!It was late in the evening and a friend and I were walking down Sainte-Catherine and we needed a bite to eat.  It was pretty late so we weren't sure what we would be able to find.  After walking around taking photos in the cold wet weather, a warm, comfortable place to eat had clearly made it to the top of the agenda.  When we came across Mister Steer tucked between two strip clubs, we decided to go for it.The food was both good and fast with friendly service.  How fast was the service?  Well, I went to the washroom right after I ordered and when I came back the whole meal was already there!  Granted, it was late so they weren't that busy, but I have never had food come out that fast before.  The hamburger was very tasty and well seasoned.  It also came as a round lump, not flat, somewhat like it would if you made it at home.  The curly fries were okay, and it was nice to have a little side salad with the meal. For dessert I had hot apple pie a la mode.  It wasn't the best apple pie I've ever had, but it was still a very good dessert.This place is the perfect spot for a home style meal on a cold day.
4	We found this place having lost patience with Cora's. What a gem! A nice mix of old world American diner and Montreal ambience. It serves all day, but we only experienced the breakfast menu on the two days we visited. Wholesome, simple fare, with unlimited coffee all at very reasonable prices.
4	Had a nice lunch here before the Alouette's game with my father in law as he was mentioning he has eaten here for 35 years! We ordered rootbeers and ordered lunch and it was out (no joke) 2 min later.  Good quality non greasy burger with curly fries.  I had a cheeseburger and fries and they brought out a nice salad before. So funny the choices of salad dressing are French (which they leave on the table or oil and vinegar, on the table as well). There is a sign on the wall been there since 1958! My father in law had the two small mr steer burgers. They ask how you want cooked. I chose mine medium. My FIL had his well done.  Very reasonable and comfort diner food! Would be great with a family or as a late night or early morning after bar food!
1	I went to this place because it is close to my hotel.I ordered a quarter pound burger, curly fries and a vanilla milk shake.  The burger was very good, but the fries were very disappointing.  They were lukewarm, soft and flat as if they sat on the side for a long time waiting to be served.  The shake was just ok.As for service, it was ok as well.
4	Mister Steer is a Montreal institution. Once voted to have the best burgers in Montreal . The interior has a dated 70's diner feel to it. Once you are seated - be prepared to get a green salad. There's no way to say no to it. The waitress will serve it to you immediately (I see the salad as a good introduction to the grease that's about to come...) and you have only 1 choice of dressing: French (never asked if you can have ranch..)Mr. Steer is known for their ball burgers. What I mean by this is that the meat is not shaped into a flat patty - but rather a ball. It cooks nice and evenly on the outside. The only way to order a burger here is medium - anything else and you are loosing out on the flavour. Another great item here are the Suzie Q fries. These are curly fries that you can get with your burger. The fries are a hit or miss. Sometimes they are served nice and crispy, other times they are warm and taste like they have been waiting for my burger under a hot-lamp. If you are visiting - make a point to stop off here. It's a downtown landmark. If you are a local and have never been, what's stopping you?
3	Its my go-to place before concerts/hockey games given its proximity to the Bell Centre, quick service and good burgers at fair prices.The decor is very 70s diner and its situated between two strip clubs....all part of its charm!As soon as you are seated you get a green salad - condiments are on the table and your choices are limited to orange (french?) dressing or oil and vinegar....again, part of its charm!The burgers are meatball style - small, thick and served pink and spiced with "Suzy Q" curly fries. Burgers are small but filling and your plate will abound with fries!Everything is decent, filling diner fare...and even, on the busiest of nights, you can be in and out in under an hour.
4	Love Mister Steer! They are child friendly and have high chairs. The service is friendly and quick and the food is yummy! I like the fact they use Kosher meat for their burgers and hot dogs. It takes a lot of the mystery out of it! (Meaning everything is 100% beef and taken from the good parts of the cow and also guarantees that the animal was disease free before it was slaughtered).
5	Oh Mister Steers, how I miss you so.Favorite burger joint in Montreal. Don't expect it to be classy - it's got that old school diner feel, including the dirt from all those years ago. The service isn't the friendliest, promptest or most accommodating... also expect them to be mainly versed in French with minimal English abilities - can be frustrating, welcome to Quebec.I love Steer burgers, my Suzie Q fries and my french dressing on the complimentary salad. I usually the get the 6 plus - 2 burgers, and I add double cheese, double bacon (to adequately cover both burgers) - I never understood why this was not the standard 6 plus, but I digress. Just amazing... these little burgers might look little and slightly resemble hockey pucks, which I know we're in Canada, so I wouldn't be surprised if some tourists got confused, but hey, they sure pack a punch and are quite dense! One bit in and you get that full-feeling... they really are packed in nice and tight.They're kosher which is a cool thing to promote and you can even take home a couple to throw on your own BBQ (they don't taste as good, sorry!).This place has incredible turn over and packs in people on a Habs game night. Solid burger. Solid burger joint. Try it, it's practically a Montreal institution!
2	All burgers are not created equal... and Mister Steer's is on the mediocre side, which is why I don't understand what all the fuss and rage is about.  I really wanted to like this place, but the food didn't do it for me :(
3	Do one thing at this institution:  order the strawberry shortcake.  It's pricy but it's a monstrous good old fashioned smile-maker.  My son had the most shit-eating grin I've ever seen on his face when the waitress smashed it down in front of him and said:  Good Luck brave man.  And then she gave me a wink and a spoon.  Loved it.
3	Epicurious my beloved  brought me here, this place in its self is a blast from the past! I feel 5 again only thing that's missing is bell bottom pants and tobacco Adidas shoes it Great place to take a load off and have a decent burger odd burger cause of its ball shape but whatever its a burger and they grill'em well or medium as well .. oh and the fries with a side order of mayo your in diner heaven ..
3	A decent hamburger joint, you probably won't have a bad meal but you won't be amazed.  They serve you a small salad when you sit down and the soft drinks come in frosty mugs.
3	Mister steer, sometimes confused with Steerburger, but sadly not in the same league. It's not a bad restaurant, it's just overrated. I like the fact that its a bit of a neighborhood favorite, but they do not make a memorable burger. I wouldn't avoid returning, I just won't make it a destination.
2	I really wanted to like this place, with its highly-reviewed American food and cute signature steer. Unfortunately, the service was sub-par. First of all, service was slow and aloof. They were out of the nightly special (Fish & Chips), but we didn't find this out until five minutes after we ordered. Then, we had to practically hunt down the server to re-order and remind her that we were still waiting for our drinks (this is at least 20 minutes after we arrived). Contrary to the previous reviews, I didn't think the fries were as great as people said they were. The burger was OK but I've had much better for a cheaper price, nothing amazing here. And apparently you're supposed to get your soft drink in a frosty mug? Nope - more a tiny glass with a few cubes of ice (plus no refill offered when I finished it quickly). I know this place is low-key and I know the demands of working in a busy restaurant but come on.... service counts!
2	Good service. Good burgers. Crap fries (Susie Q) and overpriced, non-refill pop. Good if you have a few drinks in you already, but otherwise I spent the time waiting for my food noting the dust and grime build-up. Bathrooms are very clean!
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant It's my first time in Montreal and in Canada in general and my sister took me to this restaurant for lunch today. Excellent food and great service!!
5	I can always count on Mister Steer for a delicious burger. The burgers here are not huge, but they are filling, and what lack in size they more than make up for with really tasty and juicy meat. The Suzy-Q fries are shoestring style and soft, so if you'r expecting regular fries you won't be happy, but personally, I like skinny fries so it works for me.  They always serve a small salad before the Steerburger and it's actually pretty nice and crisp. The atmosphere is old timey diner and I like it.The Steerburger with fries never lets me down, the prices are reasonable, and the service is very quick. I always try to stop in here at least once whenever I visit home and have always left with a happy tummy . A win for me, whether the Habs are playing or not!
4	We've been to this spot twice; once for lunch and today for breakfast.  The lunch was great and they do have incredible burgers that taste like a sirloin steak grilled and charred to perfection. Today we had breakfast and it was excellent!  The over easy eggs were the bomb and perfectly cooked. The service is top-notch and having waitressed myself this is a huge compliment.  My hubbie had the breakfast combo that included our loved steer burger (no bun) and it was just as excellent as it is at lunch. Great place!
5	They have renovated and I have to say! Great job! Good staff and still super delicious food! :)
4	It's been a few years since I've been to this place and I don't know what it's like now but I always enjoyed coming here all my years of being a starving student or just starting my career in an entry-level position and wage.They are know for giving you a salad with French dressing as soon as you enter.They are also always celebrating some kind of anniversary and I swear it is not in any particular order (one year it is their 52nd anniversary and then it's the 49th anniversary the year after).I usually go for their burger or their burger and quarter rotisserie chicken combo called "la compagnie". Each comes with their signature curly shoestring "Suzy Q" fries which are cut fresh in store and are always delicious.The burgers are adequately sized and always juicy and delicious and their rotisserie chicken matches that of Swiss Chalet.From reading other reviews, they have renovated in the past couple of years but I do recall the place from when I used to go as a 60's-style ambience.Service is always friendly and you don't have to wait long for your food so it's great if you're in a rush... after all, it is located in the heart of Sainte-Catherine Street!** I plan to go back this year so if the quality is still the same, this rating could be improved.
4	Best burgers best hot dogs and everything here is greatChec out my tip That is my review this time lol
4	I've heard a lot about Mister Steer's burgers, just never knew what all the hype was about until I tried it. I've eaten there a few times now and really enjoy their super supreme burger with their yummy Suzie Q's!It's a very homey-like diner, simple and straight forward. Good and friendly service every single time! I haven't explored much of their menu, but when I'm craving a good burger for a good price, it's usually in my list of options!
4	My! Oh my! Oh my! Mister Steer burger! This diner is an amazing place for an amazing tasty kosher meat burger! Different things to choose from however they are known for their burgers...I have to admit, you won't be too happy when you get the patty, it's like having a small meatball in a oversized bun but once you take a bite. It's mouthwatering. It's so juicy with so much flavor served with a side of curly fries and coleslaw. Its heavenly!This restaurant is one of those old school diners with a bunch of senior but don't be turned away by the old decor just enjoy the trip back in time. I promise that you will go back for more. It's located on Sainte-Catherine's corner of Drummond.
3	Mr.Steers has always been one of my favourite burger spots in Montreal. It's a dinner style restaurant in the heart of the downtown core of Montreal. It boasts in my opinion, one of the best burgers in the city. The restaurant has recently gone through some changes, giving it a more modern interior. Somethings, like its menu however have thankfully stayed the same. They still serve a complimentary little salad before your meal, and their Suzie Q fries are always tasty and served generously. However certain things have changed for the worse over the last couple years at Mister Steers. It's burger size has shrunken, while its prices have risen, perhaps to pay for the new interior, who knows, nonetheless, for those of us who knew what a Mister steers burger was like five or ten years ago, the new reality comes as a disappointing shock. Also the service which has never been very good, is still not very good. As a final verdict, I'd say that you should go there if you're looking for a unique old school burger experience, also please do not order the fish, made that mistake once, vowed to never make it again
4	Friendly fast service.  Super fresh and juicy.  Our burgers were cooked to perfection medium rare and we ate every last morsel!  Yum!
4	Very good burgers and curly fries. Feels like an old diner of sorts. Friendly staff and quick service.  Burger and beer was around $24
4	The shared space between the meat and the gluten is melodramatically flawed. It's a gingerly squished meatball, resting on a sizable bun. The burger is as Lucy; very juicy!
3	Would give it four stars, but it is perhaps a tad pricey?The little burgers are packed with flavor, this is quality beef and not your frozxen run of the mill burger patty.Fries are small, curly, crunchy and made of what dreams are made of. Seriously some of the best fries i've eaten
5	I went into Reuben's at around 8:45 in the morning hoping to get a smoked meat sandwich.  They said they don't serve it until at least 10.  I said "I'll be back" because I didn't want to have eggs from Reuben's.  So I just decided to walk down St. Catherine street to see what was there.  I saw a cool looking cow and they had a great selection of breakfast items, checked a few Yelp reviews and then ventured on in.Likes:-Service was friendly-The Steerburger special is amazing. It's a small, but very good quality beef patty  (good enough that they ask how you want it - I said medium), bacon or ham or sausage, eggs, shoestring fries, toast and coffee for $9.85-The coffee has free refills-The Steerburger was very good and despite it being cooked medium, it was still moist.  -The shoestring fries were AMAZING!! I loved these so much. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  Dislikes: -None really but could be slightly cleaner.  I was going to sit at one booth near the outside but saw the seat was a bit dusty so I decided to find a new one. Not a huge deal though.  Like or Dislikes depending on your preference:-It's an old diner look but it adds to the fun of the place, IMO. Verdict: This is a great place for breakfast and much cheaper than Chez Cora.  Should try it out. 4.5/5
2	In Montreal on business and asked for a recommendation for a burger place downtown. I have to say I was disappointed. While the burger was ok, it was nothing special.The fries were soggy, and couple of onion rings that came with the burger were over cooked.A very "meh"experience.I wouldn't come back
4	Tried suzie Q, it's pretty nice. A decent bagel breakfast with coffee.
5	Aye fam, this place is legit. Best hamburgers in downtown Montreal. The great pricing helps too. Aye, they have curly fries. French fries are for basics. Legit. I definitely recommend this place to anyone whose cruising around downtown Montreal.
5	Best Burger and Fries I've ever had.  Good top quality beef in the burgers and curly fries.  Service was friendly and prompt.  Happy to see the management was keeping an eye on things - hopefully it is this good without the management present. Highly recommend for a great burger!!
