1	I was so disappointed in the service I received / didn't receive that I have taken the time to add this business to the Yelp directory.  I was suckered into the 'for just $10 more' deal (hand wash - top of the line cleaning inside and out)  and was completely disappointed.  I could have done a better job washing my car myself.  The worst part - I told them I only had a 1/2 hour to be there - at 45 minutes I just said 'screw it' - I'll miss yoga - things could be worse.  Finally after an hour and a half - I have to track down my car.  When I finally do get to my car - it needs to be re-vacuumed - the inside was not wiped down and overall I did not get very much return on my investment.  I spoke to the manager and expressed that if my expectations were too high to please let me know - I really didn't want to be a b*tch - but after 90 minutes and $30 - I figured I deserve a clean car.  So the long and the short of it is - if you want a half a** job - this is the place to go.
2	Note: The Company that owned Scottsdale Auto Salon (Scottsdale Auto Salon LLC) Declared Chapter 11 Bankruptcy in early March 2009.  The facility is being operated by the bank according to employees that now staff it."Auto Salon" and "Auto Spa" are terms that only get thrown around in Scottsdale apparently.  In the rest of the civilized world, these places are simply known as car washes.Sadly, the only thing that appears to differ between an auto salon/spa and a car wash is the price and the propensity of the staff to try and upsell you to a super-carnuba waxy goodness package for $60.Since SAS went chapter 11 on me, they have definitely slid down the ranks for attention to detail and service.  Of course, the flip side is the employees are likely no longer paid on commission since they are paid by the finance company that now owns this establishment, so upsells are few and far between.If there is one good thing about SAS, it is that they will accept competitors coupons so you can find the best coupon and take it in to get them to match it.Overall, they didn't spend much time drying my car and missed cleaning most of the windows.  Used to be very detail oriented but now I would say that Cobblestone is better (although you have to deal with the ongoing upsells at Cobblestone).Don't go out of your way to go to SAS, but if you live in or near McDowell Mountain Ranch and have a good car wash coupon it might be worth your time.
3	Looks like this place is back under the original ownership.  They do seem to have much better employees now and the service has improved dramatically.TIP: If you have an entertainment book, go register for the online coupons that are available.  Scottsdale Auto Salon has a 50% off any wash coupon you can print and take to the store!
1	I bought an annual Platinum Wash card (60 washes) a little less than a year ago and still have 35 washes left and it expires 6/14/09. I asked if they could extend it, as I bought the 60 washes at half price and they said no which basically means that I prepaid full price. I left a message for Joe Curry on his voicemail on 6/11 and he did not return my call. I wanted to try to work this out but they wanted no part of it.So I invited my friends and family down this morning 6/13/09 for a car wash on my card. After 6 cars including mine were washed the owner Joe Curry said that my card was expired and that he was confiscating it. I showed him my receipt that was just printed that said my card did not expire untill 6/14/09 and he said "Nope it is expired now" and stuck my card in his pocket and asked me to leave immediately.Theses people are very dishonest so Buyer beware!
4	I wouldn't take my daily driver here because the extra price and time isn't worth it for that car.  For my special car, however, this is the only place I trust if I can't do it myself.  Just plan at least 45 minutes for a hand wash.They take more care than Danny's Family and Cobblestone.  No damaging belt buckles, watches, etc. on workers.  Unlike Cobblestone whose belt buckle put a 4 inch scratch down to the primer in my special car during one hand wash.  SAS took 30 minutes just hand buffing my car to get the haze that had built up from the product Danny's Family uses.  Tires weren't over-dressed like the others do.You can watch all the work being done from inside their facility.  Hand washes get you into the "VIP Lounge" (How Snottsdale - wish they didn't call it that).  It has comfortable seating, comp water and coffee and a direct view of your car via video feed.  They come get you when it's done.  Some veeery cool cars come through here, and you can get your supercar talk fix in with the others waiting with you.   The $5 over everyone else's hand wash price, and extra 15 minutes is worth it for the extra care taken and the entertaining wait.
2	I keep going back to this place because it is super convenient - but, every time, I wonder why.  I am always disappointed by the work they do.  It's a very basic car wash - they do not do anything special or better than the self serve car wash at Circle K.They do not attempt to upsell as much as Danny's Car Wash (which is why I can't stand going there), however, they still make an attempt - I always quash this attempt with a comment about waiting to see if they do any better cleaning the car than they have previously.For todays car wash, I did a quick walk around and commented about the towel lint all over the car (he started scrambling to clean that up) - and the water marks still on the car - he made some lame excuse that if I bought their detailing service it would just take 5 minutes to clean the water marks, but that he couldn't do it!  I was stunned by the lack of attempt to do a better job once these items were mentioned - but, pretty close to my other experiences there.They charge a premium - and deliver nothing more (but to be fair - really nothing less) than any other generic car wash - they certainly don't do a better job than anyone else.
4	I'm not sure why this place has such bad reviews.  Come here weekly and have never had an issue.  While I always prefer to hand wash my car on my own...my laziness gets the best of me and I end up here.I think they do a much better job than Danny's and their detail services are worlds better than Danny's.  Still not on par with a professional detailer, but it's also not as expensive.  Their facility is also much nicer than any car wash around.   Chill music playing...comfy couches....and even a private lounge stocked with bottled water.  (Technically only for people getting details or hand washes, but I always go in there anyway lol).Get their wash program, just re-load your card and you don't have to worry about paying each time you go.
1	And that's the end of that......I can't even count how many times I have been here. It's the full service car wash, you know you are going to do battle with the sales guy (er, wash consultant) when you pull up. It doesn't matter what wash you pick, he will always try to upsell you. It's part of the game. Give me the basic wash. "Sure boss, wheels and tires too?' Why yes sir, I have wheels and tires. Great observation, but no, I wont pay another $10 for you to clean them with something that will last 30 min until they get dirty again. So what was the straw that made me fire them? I had a $100 prepaid detail. It's actually the 3rd one I have had. Each time I go there and they upsell me from that. I am offered "$250 worth of services for $80 or $100" for my other car instead of using the gift card. So each time I jumped on the deal. This time, since I still hadn't used the original $100 card I decided that is what I was going to use. "Umm, sorry boss, but this card has expired." Hey Chief, AZ state law protects consumers from expiration dates on prepaid cards. Good try..."Yeah well boss, I can give you $250 worth of services for $89 today"That's ok I will just take $100 of services for $100 with this card I have. "That detail isn't any good boss, the express wax wont last long and wont make your car look any better" Really? WTF. This DB stood there and told me how the detail I was getting was no good, trying to make me look and feel stupid for getting it. I don't recall having success in my business by insulting the customer into doing more business. I stood strong and said that's what I want, that's the services I want. This guy was obnoxious and then some. Receipts printed out and I turned around and walked away. Then he told me there was a big line for detail and it would take 5 hours. Are you freaking kidding me? BTW I got a ride home, came back 2 hours later to find my car parked and my detail complete. And for the record, the car looked fantastic. That's the irony of the whole thing. If you are the only game in town maybe you can do the entire soup nazi thing and be rude to the customer. Last time I checked there are 3 competitors within half a mile. Smell ya later guys, you need me more than I need you, and I wont be back.
