5	All of your lamp repair needs!  I recently started using them to rewire lamps and fixtures.  If there are ANY odd parts you can't find for your lamps this is THE place you will find them.  Place is loaded loaded with older lamp parts!  They are a little growly at times, but their work is wonderful.  Look for the weird wizard out front!
5	Wow1 This place is great. Had the hard-to-find part that I needed. Gave me terrific advice and was just generally very helpful. Highly recommend.
5	So grateful I found this place. Definitely worth the drive from the southeast valley. Their staff is knowledgeable and helpful. The kind of friendly you expect in a small town, not in metro Phoenix. Their prices are reasonable. They not only carried the unusual wiring I needed, but suggested that I bring my fixture along so they could make sure that really was what I needed. I would suggest this place to anyone looking for any lighting repair or parts. Even if you can get what you need at the big box store, it's a much better experience to go here. Trust me.
5	I highly recommend this shop! They went out of their way to fix my unique lamp that required extensive repairs & still kept it within my budget. They are very honest & have integrity in their work. A very pleasant find. I can't say enough good things about them!
5	We could not have been happier. I took my broken globe from an antique lamp to Wizard of Odz not really believing I would ever find a globe to match the second one on the lamp. The woman who greeted us was great--looked at the globe, took off across the store, wanted to know "how many?", then brought one (had three) that was an exact match. The cost was $10--could have chaged so much more!!We saw some very negative reviews and wanted to make certain that we share our very positive experience. Nyla & Dave
5	Was referred here by both home depot and lamps plus when they did not have replacement glass for a floor lamp. Arrived a few minutes after they closed and they allowed me in, found what i needed quickly and i was on my way. Seemed pricey for a piece of glass but then... nobody else in town had it! Service was friendly and they even handed me a tape measure/flashlight/bottle opener on my way out which i will keep in the car.
