4	Now, it looks like Darren did an excellent job of summarizing the amazing quality of the meat, fries, and wellm even the history of the name.  Kudos Darren.The only thing that I can add is about their salads.  It might seem a little ridiculous to be looking for a salad in the southside, but Lesvos has a great greek salad.  All the components from lettuce, tomatoes, and greek olives, are all fresh and very crunchy.  The lettuce also has a tangy Vinaigrette lightly drizzled on it.  All these ingredients paired with the amazing meat selection of Lesvos makes for a delicious and filling salad.  Also their tzatziki sauce is actually made with fresh yogurt as opposed mayonnaise that many other places use.  So its healthy.
5	Most delicious drippy drunk food ever! 5 stars because well everything taste good inebriated! I have been here twice now both times forgot to take pics :(
5	Let me preface; I am well aware that Mike & Tony's is a Pittsburgh legend when it comes to gyros.  I am a huge fan of gyros, and often go to M&T's downtown.  However, when in Southside, when choosing between M&T & Lesvos...I have to go Lesvos.  They're as authentic as you're going to get in Pittsburgh.The owners are off the boat Greek.  They're friendly, and will talk to you about anything & everything if you'd like; I usually sit at the "bar" and chat.  They do a special that includes a gyro, fries & a drink for something like $7 or less.Here's how the competition between the two stacks up -Meat - Lesvos - I've only had chicken, but Lesvos wins.  It's well marinated, and freshly grilled.  M&T tends to char theirs too much.  Pita - M&T.  They toast theirs with a bit more oil/butter/unhealthy goodness.Sauce - tie.  They're different, but I can't choose a winner.  Lesvos is more authentic, but M&T has a sour-cream-crack quality about it.  Fries....Lesvos.  No contest.  They're fresh-cut, dropped when you order.  M&T use frozen bagged fries.  The fries are the deciding factor between the two.  I really encourage you to try Lesvos if you're in the mood for a gyro.  I promise that you won't be disappointed.
5	Gyro (pronounced 'euro') is just the best. You can see the lamb being rotisserie cooked on the spit behind the counter. Ask for one with everything and it comes with lettuce, red onion, tomatoes, and the sauce. Flavorful, tender and just perfect.
3	Dear reader, I submit to you this humble comparison of two Gyro joints that sit within spitting distance of each other. But it's more profound than just bragging rights for the best Gyro, this is also a tale of Yelp vs. local word of mouth. You see, I was challenged by a friend not 30 minutes before on the quality of Yelp reviews vs. WOM. So I'm getting a ride from a local (thanks Bernie!) to the South Side, and he points out a Gyro joint as being the best in P'burg (Mike and Tony's) and then I see just across the corner another Gyro joint I recognized from Yelp reviews as having 4.5 stars. So it hits me. Let's put his tithe test. I asked to be dropped off, pull up Yelp and check reviews. Sure enough, my WOM rec, Mike and Tony's has only 4 stars, and Lesvos has 4.5. I see my opportunity to test local WOm vs. Yelp right then and there (and eat two Gyros instead of one!)I won't belabor the results:Mike and Tony's was a better experience for me, thought neither was perfect. M&T's - 4 starsLesvos - 3 starsNow, keep in mind this is based on one visit, Gyro to Gyro. Sampling method is not perfect since there was a few minutes between eating each, and Mike and Tony's likely has an advantage since I was more hungry when I ate theirs (although I only ate half to try to control for this).  Here are some details:M&T - total hole in the wall, but not in a bad way. Gyro came in seconds to my table, piping hot and absolutely piled with meat. It was juicy, and the pita had just the right amount of resistance. The meat was just a tad over seasoned, as another reviewer mentioned, but really food flavor overall. The tatziki sauce tasted like straight sour cream to me, with similar texture. It wasn't bad, but I prefer something a little mote delicate, with some lemon, cucumber, and a bit of yogurt tang. Overall, pretty freaking tasty. Lesvos - also pretty good ( and same price BTW), but just missing on a couple of things. The meat was a little dry, and though tasty, not quite as tasty. There was less meat although still a generous portion. The sauce was a tad more delicate, though still mostly tasting like sour cream. The bread was not bad, but just a tad more presence than ideal for perfect balance - a little too thick and chewy. Moral of the story? Not exactly sure, but if I had gone by Yelp alone, I would have missed out on the better Gyro just next door.
3	Lesvos has specials every day and is a good place for a filling gyro on the cheap. The gyro itself is pretty mediocre and comes with a side of french fries. But it does the trick, fills you up with a hearty meal for not much cash. The establishment itself sort of has a cafeteria feel to it with bright fluorescent lighting and a counter where you can sit and watch the cook flip meat on the grill. The staff is friendly and the food comes out quick. Cash only.
5	Going to get gyyyyrrrroooos now!!! Excited because they never let me down! Always full and satisfied after I go there! :-)!   I would recommend it of your extremely hungry because they have huge gyros haha! Go eat there!!! Not expensive either!
4	What more could you ask for when stumbling around drunk at 2am in South Side?? Awesome gyros, awesome fries, and even more awesome home made tapioca pudding. Cash only, but they have an atm inside.
4	Note: This review is based on a single visit, but I'll certainly be back.Last week I had an overwhelming craving for gyros, but  I wanted to try somewhere new. I love M&Ts, don't get me wrong; I just felt I'd been letting Yelpers down with a lack of reviews, so off to Lesvos it was. (They're less than a block apart in the South Side, by the way.)I elected to get a ribeye gyro, since proper gyro meat isn't always my favorite. I know; shoot me. Some days I love it, some days I just want the tzatziki and tomatoes with some kind of charred meat flavor underneath. And that's exactly what I got. The friendly woman at the counter grilled up two thin ribeye steaks and slapped them on a piece of fluffy pita with lettuce, tomato, onion, and tons of tzatziki. Tons. Enough for me, and I'm a sauce addict. (Aside: Why is it so difficult to buy the pocketless fluffy pita at the supermarket?) I could have eaten two of the gyros, but my appetite is a little out of control lately, so I'd say one plus fries is good for the average bear.There wasn't a combo deal with the ribeye gyro (there is for both chicken and... gyro gyro), but I added an order of fries and was glad I did. These are fresh cut, and properly salted. I think they'd already been fried once and were re-dropped to finish (proper fries should be cooked twice). Not quite of the same caliber as, say, Patch fries, or even Five Guys, but for something I can grab on my lunch break? They're about the same as Southside Steaks' fries, for me.Took about five minutes to get my order, since it was made to order, and I was the only person there at 11am. Not bad. The inside has cafeteria-style booths and a television if you'd like to eat there. Also? Grape Fanta. Definitely cash only, though! Street parking at lunch is easy; at any other time, not so much.
5	Omg, why did it take so long for me to discover this place?!? I freaking love a good gyro and one of the best I have ever had was at a small place in Washington, PA; however, I'm not going to drive all the way out there every time I want a gyro lol.I woke up one Sunday morning craving any and everything under the sun before I finally settled on a gyro. Found this place while doing a quick search and figured why not. It's a short drive from my place, so short I could walk, but no.I ordered the special: a lamb gyro with a side of fries and a drink. The fries were pretty bad lol. Just your standard, cheap, soggy fries. They needed a ton of ketchup and salt for me to power through just half. My gyro, however, was super delicious. There wasn't so much sauce that it was spilling out everywhere, but enough for you to get a great taste. The lamb was well prepared and seasoned. My only complaint was with the tomatoes. They were cut into large cubes and I would have preferred them much smaller. They kept falling out when I'd squeeze the gyro together.At $7 for all of that, it's a hard place to beat for a quick meal. And I did I mention that I was hungover as sh*t when I went there? Yeah, it's exceptionally good for that as well.
2	Classic gyro place. I visited them on a saturday night around 1am. They were one of the only food places open on the southside that wasn't a bar. Not too fond of the door being open while drunk people yelling at the top of their lungs pass by. They had lots of seating even though alot of people got their food to go. The owners are authentic Greeks and you can see them freshly slice the gyro met right from the spick. The gyro meat wasn't as tasty as i thought it was thus my low star rating. Plus, the bathroom didn't have any soap which leads me to believe that they aren't washing their hands as good as they should be.There were a bunch of refrigerated sides but none that seemed too appetizing. I had the spinach pie which actually tasted better than the gyro so i ended up finishing it and giving the gyro to my sister. this place isnt a dive bar or anything but just not as clean as i would have liked it to be so i can only rate it 2 stars. Kassab's down the street has way better gyros but unfortunately they weren't open.
4	A great place to pick-up or eat-in a late night gyro while out in South Side. The service is super fast; our gyros were ready within 25 seconds of us paying for them. The gyros themselves were good too. I liked that the naan held up and did not fall apart halfway through eating the gyro. I also felt the portion size was reasonable for $5.
5	I absolutely love the great Greek authenticDishes that Steve & Gorge serves. I've been eating here for at least two years now about two to three times a month. this place is Highly recommended for all of there food.
5	Great service. Hot waitress. Good portions. Perfect after a long night Mario's (bar next door). Also the fresh cut fries were delicious. Don't try any other sides!! Gyro sandwhich and natural cut fries
3	Friendly atmosphere, lots of seats and fast service! They have a fridge full of cakes and baklava. Everyone seems to be comparing this place with Mike and Tony's (a few buildings over), but I think both are equally good with their own style. Depending on your personal taste, you might prefer one over the other. I ordered a regular gyro loaded with lamb, onions, lettuce and tomatoes, and creamy gyro sauce. I thought overall the gyro was pretty okay, but I've had better. The meat was a bit too salty and slightly on the drier side. The tzatziki sauce was a bit too watery. I personally prefer thicker sauce. Overall, the gyros were pretty good for the cheap price ($5).
5	So the other day, bobby decided he wanted M&T's, but we havent been to Lesvos and I talked him into trying it to test which one has the best gyro. Long story short.. he decided that Lesvos is better than M&T's which I never thought he would say another place is better. I kinda have to agree with him but personally I feel that the gyro is equal.. which still says something. Both are overfilled and delicious & both have deals for gyros pop & drink (Lesvos is like 50cents cheaper though for the deal).The only difference in the gyro is that M&T's is more greasy which some may prefer. Also, Lesvo's has FRESH CUT FRIES. the downside to the other gyro shop is the frozen potatoes that cost like $1.50 for a giant bag at the grocery store.I feel the only downside (which really isnt bad bc the fries make up for it) is M&T's has a pop fountain (+25cent refills) while at Lesvo's for your combo you choose a can of pop, carton of tea or bottle water. We WILL be back- asap ;) If you've never switched it up & tried Lesvo's gyro, give it a try.
4	Yes, Lesvo's is better than the Mike and Tony's on South Side but it's NOT better than the Mike and Tony's downtown, if you're from Pittsburgh you'll know and you might argue me about it.Late night weekends on Carson St, This-Is-The-SPOT!  Regular Gyro's as well as Chicken and Steak Gyros all freshly made right in front of you.  Pita packed tighter than a tummy tuck.  Get a side of Cucumber Sauce, You're gonna want more.Just look for the Blue Neon lights in the window!Tell them HITTofMCM sent you.
4	Last weekend, I wasn't able to buy as much as I wanted at the grocery store due to having limited cash supplies and an expired debit card (the new one showed up a day later, of course).  I was tired of eating pasta, and I wasn't feeling breakfast food, so I deemed it time for some take-out, and decided that I was in the mood for a gyro. Since I hadn't had an opportunity to go cycling all week, and I knew that there were some quality gyro places on the South Side, I decided to use this as motivation to get in a bit o' exercise, as well.  This ended up working well, since it was misting, and I otherwise would have opted to hunker down in my lair.Having researched the options on Yelp, I was leaning toward obtaining my gyro from Lesvos, though I was open to other options.  After having peddled to the South Side and parked my velocipede, I walked down E. Carson and saw the sign for Lesvos, which sealed the deal.  Walking inside, I was quickly greeted by the owner, who I asked about the special.  He confirmed its existence, and informed me that it was $6.90, and I told him that I'd take it. I asked if they had a restroom, and he pointed it out to me. By the time I had finished using it, my gyro and fries were served.  Grabbing a can of Cherikee Red out of the fridge, I settled in to consume it at a table, since it was still raining.I found the gyro to be well-made, fresh, and delicious.  The pita bread was soft and slightly toasty, the chicken was tender and flavorful, and the tzatziki sauce was creamy but not too thick. The fries, which were fresh-cut, were good, although not the best I've ever had, since some of them were slightly overcooked and a bit thin. The Cherikee Red added some refreshing sweetness to the savory meal. This was my first time trying the beverage, and while it was interesting, it had a strange slightly bitter/metallic note, so I'm not sure if I'd get it again, given the choice.As I ate, I watched the gyro meat turn on the spit, dripping, and the owner slice some off for other orders. There were a few other customers, one of whom proceeded to carry on a conversation with the proprietor in Greek at one point. Disco tunes played as I consumed my gyro. (Sidenote: Why does every South Side eatery play '70's/'80's dance music?  Is it to get people in the mood for a night clubbing?  I noticed this at the Pub Chip Shop, too!).While I enjoyed my quick and cheap meal, I have a couple of criticisms.  First, I agree with another reviewer that the items in the refrigerated case (desserts, sides, etc.) didn't look too appealing from the exterior. Second, I noticed that the fries were served in a styrofoam container, and that there was no recycling available for the soda can.  Simply serving the fries in a paper or cardboard container and having a recycling bin would go a long way towards showing some concern for the environment. 4.5 stars.
5	Authentic Greek gyros from Greek owners! Blows mike & phonies out of the water. Best in southside of PGH!
5	To be fair, I've never had a Mike and Tony's gyro before . With that being said, the chicken gyro I had here was the best I've ever had. All I could do was nod my head in approval while I took each bite. I walked in this place because I was waiting on some friends but now I know...it was fate. Five stars might be an exaggeration but that's just how I feel.
5	I live near Bridgeville and the M&T's is five minutes away, but I drive to South Side about three times a month to get the special at Lesvos. Not only are the gyros better, the place is cleaner and faster. On one of my first visits, a fireman picked up a large order and was not charged, the owner asked him to take some deserts too. I've been a fan of this place ever since.One complaint, no Heinz ketchup, come on man, this is Pittsburgh, that fruity stuff disguised in the plastic bottle won't work.
4	Usually when you think about a gyro. A gyro is a gyro but this place actually puts out a superior cut of lamb that is moist and tender but not too greasy as to saturate the pita. I could definitely stack this place up against the all mighty established Mike and tony's on the next block. The only reason i left 4 stars instead of 5  is because i felt rushed while looking at the menu before i decided to order.
4	So much wonderful food at reasonable prices.It's a simple place. Nothing fancy but the food. It's fresh, fast, tasty and the staff are very pleasant to talk to. The stuffed cabbage, spinach pie and stuff grape leaves were very good but nothing compared to the filet steak over rice.  Unbelievable for such a small eatery.You can't go wrong here for good fast food.
