4	I have taken my car in there for the last couple of years.  They have stood by what they do.  I've had a problem that they have worked at resolving, and will continue to work with me until it is taken care of.Great service, good prices, and all around nice group of people there.Would recommend to anyone who is in the East Valley - worth the drive to me!
5	I love Jamey and his staff. I really apprecate the late night drop off available and that they call me after they diagnois the problem.  Jamey is true to his estiamtes. I appreciate the faxt hat when he gives me a price I am not paying more when I pick my car up.  I even have my sister taking her car there too.
5	They performed services for my family on our two trucks and two cars. They have always made the repairs needed and at a very reasonable price. They make every effort to see that you are satisfied with their service. Highest recommendation!
5	Had my BMW taken there for a wheel alignment after purchase of new tires. Also requested an install of an unswitched 12v power outlet for running a refrigerator for camping trips. They arranged to have me dropped of/picked up at my house and even contacted the parts store to arrange for the right parts for the outlet to be delivered for install same day. All this for a reasonable price and a professional result. Nice work!
5	This place is by far the best auto shop I have ever been to. These guys figure out problems when no else can and they have the best customer service as well as a great reputation for quality work.  Jamey, Stefon, and Jeremy - to name a few of their staff, have always been helpful in explaining what the problem is and providing multiple options to fix things. They work on a good number of high end cars, classic cars as well as standard cars and trucks  - they would probably work on anything you bring them with a engine. They have competitive pricing for the area and they will often offer you free shuttle rides back home or to your office. This shop provides a fast repair time process despite their average size and good amount of business they have. The next time you need help, you should not hesitate to call these guys. You will be happy you did.
