5	My neighborhood Hardware Store.  Man, could they be more helpful or attentive?!  I feel like I've walked onto the Pleasantville Movie Set every time I walk in the store!  Very helpful, courtious, pleasant (O there's that word again) days-gone-by service, lemme tell ya!Even if I just want and purchase a light bulb, they make you feel like you dropped a grand.  (VIP)where eles do you actually get that???
2	poor customer service. I had keys made and needed help with another problem and had to follow the clerk through the store, thinking he was helping me. But, no, he was going to help another customer.At least the counter folks have a smile and greeting most of the time.I sure do not feel like a valued customer spending my hard earned money there.
1	These guys wasted a lot of my time today. First, I called to check to see if they had a certain part. They said they did, I asked a follow up question, they went to double check and came back and said they had it. I drive there, they dont have it, haven't carried. We talk to the manager, David, he says oops sorry. He offers to special order it. We ask for a 10% discount, he says no. We tell him we will never go back and he says I understand and I am sorry but there is nothing I can do.
5	They have almost anything you would want from nuts and bolts to yard maintenance supplies. Everything you need to maintain a home. The staff is friendly and help you find whatb you need. I couldn't recommend them more highly. They also have a full line of rental equipment for almost any home repair project you could imagine. Try it you'll love it!
2	It's a hardware store.  AKA a toy store for big boys.  I like the fact they sell Craftsman Tools, but I did find the store employee a lot less than happy that there was a customer in the store. I was asked if I needed some help, when I said what I was looking for, I was given a rather gruff answer as to what Isle it was in.  I did find it, and made a purchase, where the cashier answered a phone call prior to checking me out, guess the phone was a priorty over a customer.  I'll be back only because my experiance at the "other" Ace Hardware store is even worse.  And since Ace Incorporated can only say, they are a franchisee there's not much we can do, which I know is not accurate.
4	The employees here were extremely helpful and very nice. They helped me find exactly what I was looking for and very quickly at that. I definitely recommend this Ace for anything and everything you may need.
5	Great store, they are always ready to help you find what your looking for, and will leave you alone of you let them know your just looking around.
5	This ACE hardware is my go-to for anything that I would need - I actually bought my veggie steamer basket from here! Every time I walk in I am greeted and immediately asked if I need help finding something, which I usually do since a hardware store layout is not forte. I appreciate the size of this hardware stores compared to Home Depot, I don't feel so overwhelmed. Because of this, I am sure there are some items that are not directly available, but for me this has never been the case. I have gotten gardening fertilizer, bug/critter traps and sprays, air conditioning filters, pool supplies, and keys made amongst other things. Last time I was in I noticed a great selection of Benjamin Moore paint options, but the main reason I keep coming back is because you can't beat the friendly and helpful service here!They do let you rent equipment here, which I haven't experienced first-hand yet, but I know someday soon I will with all my HGTV shows that I'm addicted to, I really want to try a nail gun, there is so much you can do with a nail gun....
5	This is truly the place with the helpful hardware man. I rent power tools here all of the time and it's always perfect. From the second you walk in through the second you leave, there is someone eager and knowledgable offering to help.
