3	I recently started my interest in make up and skin care due to pre-midlife crisis. I really didn't have much clue on any of this stuff. I am a late starter I guess. I only found out a few months that women really plug their brows to achieve certain look. So,a friend recommended me to go to Sephora (west towne)  for my beauty supplies and fresh tips from their beauticians. I went there right after Christmas and the store was relatively quiet but soon after I arrived, people started to pour in. The sale person hooked me up with a make-up person who did the smokey eye and showed me how to apply blush on my cheeks. I thought I looked okay. It didn't transformed me into an over night make over you see on TV shows but I liked it. As a novice, I thought I was supposed to buy the stuff they used on me so I spent about $300.  I was told the stuff they carry are brand names and supposed to be better for your skin and Oprah even usestheir skin care line; philosophy. I have some existing cosmetic I have been using the past few months like loreal and Revlon.  When I compare them with what I got from Sephora, I really didn't see any big difference. The only difference I would say is the price I paid for them. If I went to target and bought the same cosmetic in different brands in Target, I would have spent less than $200 for the stuff I got at Sephora.I appreciate that they have people who can show you how to work on your skin tone and give you tips. It was very helpful for me but is it really worth spending 4-5 times more than the departmental stores for relatively same stuff but with different brand? My friend swears by it but, for me I am still undecided.
5	I love Sephora.Ross is my go-to guy.  He's so helpful and isn't afraid to tell me if a color or product isn't good for me.  He introduced me to one of my favorite products; Tarina Tarantino's Pearl Glow primer.  The line had just launched when I questioned him about it, he knew all about Tarina's line (including the history of her career in the make-up industry).  I'm not new to make-up, infact I love make-up but it's so nice to have second opinion from someone who knows the ins and outs of the products.The best part about Ross is that he doesn't push to sell.  He recommends things but puts no pressure on me to commit to a sale.  He's easy to talk to and very friendly.
4	I come here for the products I'm willing to splurge on, and they last me a good while. The few times I've asked the staff for help, they've been competent and friendly.
3	Do Madison-ites even know this Sephora exists? I'm from California and have been here more than most locals! It's a great store, has wonderful people to help and is very clean. Sephora's are pretty much standard with what they carry, so selection was on par with most other Sephora's. I hit up this Sephora every time I'm in town. Doesn't hurt the sales tax is significantly less than CA!
4	as someone who worked across the street from sephora for years in chicago, I was stoked to learn that there was one in madison. even though it's in a mall and it's on the west side (blergh), it beats paying for shipping.sephora is pretty great. they have a good selection of everything, from styling products to skin care. it's not cheap, but you get what you pay for. if you ever need to return anything, they don't give you a hassle. sephora is my go-to place for makeup and skin care products.
4	I've been to a few Sephoras and this one is solid in terms of selection. However, I'm glad I came in knowing what I wanted to buy because not one sales person asked if I needed help. Maybe I didn't look like I needed help (I didn't) or maybe it was because I was with my husband. Either way, it didn't bother me because I know my way around a Sephora. At the same time, if I had been a novice, I don't think this would have been as positive an experience. The cashiers were very friendly, cool and quick. I'd go back and am glad to know that this one exists.
5	Sephora is a great example of paying for what you get. Yes, it's a pricey store, but they only carry the best in makeup and skincare. The Beauty Insider rewards club is free and great AND regardless of if you join the club or not you ALWAYS get free samples when you purchase something. I've always had very wonderful, personal service here. I love it.
5	I love Sephora! I'm actually quite addicted. I'm always approached by an associate when I walk in the door, and they've *always* been able to answer my questions--or at the very least find someone else who is more knowledgeable about the product(s) in question. I never leave unhappy or empty-handed. ;) Their Beauty Insider program is fantastic and has helped me to get acquainted with a lot of awesome new brands and products. They also give you samples when you check out, regardless of if you're a part of the rewards program. Free perfume samples? Heck yes!Anyway it's pricey and a bit high-end but totally worth it.
5	The ladies here are awesome. I wish I got the name of the associate who helped me tonight. The airline "misplaced" my luggage - so I ran over here to grab some basics in case my bags weren't found, as I am in town for a wedding. The associates here were amazing! They helped me to find what I needed and even grabbed some samples of a relaxing and cleansing mud mask (I was breaking out from the stress of my lost baggage!) and some hair products. Such sweet women! Thank you again!
5	It's always like girl Christmas when shopping here. The employees are friendly, knowledgeable, and willing to advise on different looks. If you're a makeup buff, this is your happy place.
3	I love Sephora. They have many products to choose from....I just don't love their workers. If you ever go, the best time is to go right when they open or when it's close to closing time. I always have terrible service when I go during peak mall times and once I made the mistake of going on a Saturday afternoon when it's sooo terribly busy. I was followed around the store while I was trying to find a lipstick, the secret shoppers kept asking me if I needed help and the security guard asked me as well. If you bend over to try and look at the make-up on the bottom level shelf and wander around the store testing the shades on your hand under the different lighting, you are clearly trying to steal something. On many other days I go, I often have to hunt people down to ask about products. It's so hit & miss. All the workers that have ever helped me and I've loved, have left. So I try to order from their website when I can and if I absolutely have to go to the store, I try to bring friends with me.
4	I am almost always satisfied with my shopping experiences at Sephora.  I have been shopping there for the last few years, driving up to 45 minutes to get there instead of going to other stores.  The staff are warm and welcoming and passionate about the products.  They seem to be solution-oriented and really help find the perfect product for your individual needs.  Only once they ran out of the product I use, but offered a very comparable option.  I have very sensitive skin and yet I loved the alternative.Every so often there is an associate that isn't up to these helpful standards and seem a bit stuck up, and that's the only reason I'm giving 4/5.
4	I was never really willing to invest in the jump from drug store to mid range products. For Christmas I decided to give in and put my money towards that. I don't regret it in the slightest. I usually use the online site due to the better selection samples, but it's always such a pain. I end up getting multiple bills or a glitched cart that sends me multiples of the same product. I always end up sending my boyfriend here to do my returns and exchanges for mix ups or bad products from online. He's never had an issue with them despite the fact that he ends up only remembering half of the product name I tell him. They end up telling him how nice of a boyfriend he is and gives him random cologne samples. He enjoys it way too much.I've only been here a few times myself. Once I kinda knew what I was doing, but ended up talking to staff anyway. The lady ended up helping me way faster than I could have figured it out and I ended up getting more of what I wanted than I thought I would. The second time a different staff member helped me figure out concealer even though I had no idea other than a certain brand worked well with pale people.Overall I like the shopping experience way more here than online. I'm just too interested in getting the best samples. Like every one else says, sign up for the Beauty Insider. It's free and I've ended up with so many samples it's nuts. I've ended up finding a great cologne for my boyfriend and two lip glosses I'm in love with.
4	So addicting.  I can not leave without spending more than I really need to.  I always find something that would fit amongst my collection of other underused makeup and hair products.  But, none the less, this store is A+, I just wish the products did not cost so much!The prices are equivalent to similar stores but has higher-end and more variety of the brands they do carry, such as Benefit (my fave), Smashbox, Urban Decay...the list goes on.The employees that work there also love what they do.  I have been able to come in and get fabulous ideas and on top of it all, they will sit me down and try and teach me how to use their ideas.  And for someone like me, who is fairly incompetent in makeup application, is a nice service to have.PS. Sign up for the rewards program (Beauty Insider).  It will not help your addiction at all but will at least help your wallet some.
5	Picked-up a few items for my Dia De Los Yelpos getup. Swung-by at around 3:00pm on 10/28/14.+ Located within JCPenny; makes it easy to find and to get in and out quickly+ Efficient use of space; things are well organized and quite obvious, even to a dude+ Samples/testers were useful when trying to decide what I needed+ Staff was friendly and helpful; made some great suggestions- Pricey. $85 for a couple of liner pens, two shadows, and some make-up setter. (I have a new appreciation for the time, effort, and money that people invest in this process. Much respect!)+ Awesome returns policy. I mentioned that I wasn't certain if one of the shadows would work for me, and they assured me I could return it if it didn't work. That's totally cool by me.
