5	My review might  change as time goes on but for now, I like this place. I came with a broken bottom bracket and they fixed it better than its been for years on the spot for no charge when it was obvious that they had tons of work to do. I also like their selection of bike accessories.  They have lots of women's apparel which is frequently hard to find. Obviously,  this location's selection of bike stuff is not as good as the champaign location but I appreciate a decent bike shop coming to urbana that isn't operated out of someone's garage.  Given the other options for bike repair in Urbana,  Champaign Cycle in Urbana is probably your best option.7/7/14I still stand by my 5 star review.  I know others have had bad experiences with upcharging but from what I've experienced,  Champaign Cycle does great work at a reasonable price.  They just straightened my derailleur hanger for $5. Even when my boyfriend had a lot of work done with his gears and I ended up paying over $100, I felt confident that they were diligent and we wouldn't have to bring the bike right back to get more work done.  Go ahead and bring your bike to a cheap mechanic but if you're someone who depends on your bike everyday, you'll regret it!
1	Abstract:  Go to a hardware store, they'll give you more information and get you out the door with the items you need.Worst bike shop I've ever been too. They seemed nice but ended up being rather condescending. I went in knowing what I needed and the first time I was turned away and told to come back with my bike to make sure I got the right size bolt. Fine. No problem. I went home and came back with my bike. On entering the store the second time I received the same nice-yet-condescending attitude from another employee (possibly manager or owner?). He tried to help me with the front fender issue but ended up giving me a pair of bolts that were too short (as I said it would be) and nuts. For my rack issue, he told me that the shop could install it for $20. That's absurd. I already had the rack on 90% of the way before taking it off to take my bike to the store and all I needed was a 16mm bolt to replace the 20mm bolt that was too long. I was told just to grind down the bolt I have even though I was willing to pay for the 16mm bolt. Really glad they didn't charge me for the garbage bolts they gave me. This might be the closest bike shop to my apartment but you can bet I'll never go there again.
