5	Best sushi in town period. Not bad on price, freshness, service or food portions.The Gotta-Have-It-Roll is just that. Gotta have it! Always! I get cravings for it at least once a week. It at least twice the size of any other roll you will get in town (at least, that I've had, they are two-biters).The BBQ is awesome! The wonton soup is awesome! Everything. Seriously Just give it a shot. Only a few lucky people know about this place and it deserves alot more attention. The red bean ice cream is really good too (they were out of green tea when I finally had room for dessert).Location: Trop/Rainbow on the left side of the Little Caesars. It was formerly China Queen.I would also like to add if you like sports it's a good place to hang out at they are always watching sports when I go there.
4	located on nw corner of tropicana & rainbow the dining room-very elegant & simpleappetizers-egg roll/fried won tons/bbq ribs/paper wrapped chicken(in foil)orange chicken & teriyaki beef with fried rice$10.00war won ton soup$8.00 this is a family run business and they were all so friendly & helpful that they talked the 2 into pepsi-no cokethis is the best asian cuisine we have ever had. the soup was delicious-right on point. the bbq ribs were insane!!! won tons-crispy & hot w/great sweet & sour(not like the fast-food stuff)the beef & chicken were crispy & spicy very flavorfulthe fried rice had bbq pork & mini shrimps & veggies in it-so very goodthe mi so soup was a little salty but that's normal i'm told. the paper wrapped chicken(in foil)-never had anything like it-it was so tender & moist-dripping with juice-we will have a full order next time.very nice menu
5	I don't know how we found this place, but I'm glad we did.Tiger Sushi is located in a run-down plaza on the corner of Tropicana and Rainbow.  It's a small, family-owned restaurant where you can sit at a regular table or up at the sushi bar.The food is great and the service is awesome.  We tend to come in after UFC fights (the owner DVRs the fights and let's my boyfriend have the remote when we come in... awesome).They let my daughter run around (the owner even sneaks her fortune cookies...he's trying to befriend her and she's still a little shy).  They also know to bring her apple juice and plain white rice (her favorites).Their menu is pretty expansive considering what a small spot it is.  You can order from their 2-page list of sushi rolls, the 2-page Chinese and Japanese a la carte menu or create your own bento box.My favorites (I'm pretty sure you could order ANYTHING on their menu and be satisfied):*Sam's Poke: Tuna, seaweed, onions, and tobiko. The tuna is fresh and bright red.  The poke is unlike any other poke I've had.  It's a bit saucier than others and it has a nice spicy kick.*Shrimp wraps: Whole shrimp and cream cheese rolled in a won ton wrapper and deep fried.  The mystery sauce is SO good.  I asked Sam (the sushi guy) what was in it and the ingredient list was so long that I forgot the first half by the time he finished.*Brett Roll: Spicy yellowtail and cream cheese roll topped with more spicy yellowtail and sliced yellowtail.*Dynasty Beef: kind of like Mongolian Beef without the spice. Really yummy.We've tried several other dishes and loved them all.   (Fried rice, gotta have it roll, vince roll, stuffed salmon roll, cashew chicken, tempura and who knows what else...)Bottom Line: We love this place.  The guys that work there are awesome and the food is delicious.
2	I came here with 3 other coworkers for lunch and we were one of two tables occupied in the place.  Which is fine, except the service was painfully slow that we had to wonder what took soo long.  I asked the waiter for his recommendation for a sushi roll and he said hands down "The Gotta Have it".  I anxiously awaited my food only to be disappointed.  It was okay but I didn't need to have it.  In fact, I think I would have enjoyed my coworkers sushi combo much better.  Her food looked much better and was much cheaper.  I love sushi but I didn't love this.
5	Delicious, very friendly and knowledgeable staff!!
4	My dad introduced me to this little hole in the wall one day and I have to say it's fantastic!  I didn't have one thing that I didn't enjoy.  They're a little on the pricey side (I prefer to do the all you can eat sushi joints) but other than that I would definitely reccommend this place!
