4	I like this gym, although it does not have all the equipment I would like to use it has what I need. The owner and staff (when in the shop) are nice and very helpful. The place is clean but could use a bigger and better shower area. The current one has no where to sit, or a mirror, nor is there anywhere to hang up ones clothes what the heck dude!! Other than that I like not having to fight the masses of people found at bigger gyms for equipment or weights. I also like being able to go at anytime I wish.It's located in a nice bright mall area next to GNC l, the old location in this very same mall was closer to 215 and the area stores were empty. So the move across the mall was a GREAT idea for LATE NIGHT safety alone.Good place, safe, VERY clean, and 24hrs access makes this place a winner!
4	Well since I am first to write a review for this ocation - I am just going to say this is my gym!!This place could use a few more machines but it has most of everything I need.  I do like the fact that at off peak hours I am usually the only one or one of few in here.  It is like having your own gym!I used to go to 24 hour but the people working there are a bunch of snobs.  24 hour does have more equipment but whatever.
1	I have been to a few locations now and I really liked this one due too the good variety of machines compared to some of the other places I have been too. I UNTILL I had to deal with I wish I new his name bt the manager/trainer here! He is completely unprofessional here I am bringing in a guest for him to hopefully try and get them to sign up for good sake of him getting a new member and me getting a new work out buddy. That's not what happened he tried to make it seem like I was a guest at the gym I pay for every month and made my guest feel uncomfortable which in return made me highly upset! Do I advise anybody to come here and have to deal with this unprofessional man that is a big fat NO!!! don't waste your time.
5	This gym is perfect for beginners to advanced, this location has new owners and managers so the previous bad comments don't apply.  Troy the manager is knowledgable of all types of workout programs and can help you find what's right for you; whether you want to lose weight or increase athletic performance, if you do what he says you'll get results.  I am the director of the chiropractic office next door and I have no concerns sending people there; it's also where my entire staff works out.
5	Great gym if you're not looking for the mega mall type gyms like 24 hour fitness. Never really more than 10 people when I go. Have all the equipment you really need! I also feel very safe going here after hours its in a good area and all the people that go are really nice, no creepos. I don't know why someone wrote about about problems with the staff, the only guy that works here (that I know of) is the manager who is helpful, nice, and funnily sarcastic (in a good way).
