5	The most honest, thorough and reasonable auto repair place I've found. They took two hours to diagnose the problems with my 2003 Mini Cooper - something that eluded Desert Mini of Las Vegas for two full days and part of a third (and they charged me a grand for the privilege - also see my review of the thieves at Desert Mini). Another thing I like about Kensington is that they understand that people aren't made of cash. If they find problems with your car they help you prioritize, telling you which ones are urgent and which ones can reasonably wait. They also help you to save money by suggesting repairs to be done together to save labor costs. They show you what they have found, so you know what they're talking about (and you know they aren't just trying to get more money out of you).I also had Kensington do repair work on my 1999 Jaguar XJ8. I had a coolant leak that I couldn't find (Jaguar put hoses seemingly by the dozen in these things) and I decided to have the timing chain tensioners replaced (getting rid of the old plastic ones for the new metal ones). Kensington did a very thorough job and for about $1K less than I was quoted by another independent shop. No one else touches my cars.
5	I found these guys on Yelp so I thought I'd bring my 2006 Range Rover to them to replace a side window and an oil change/service.  Wow was I pleasantly  surprised.  The price I was quoted, and paid, was over $120 cheaper than LR of LV.  Trish and Frank were friendly efficient and inexpensive.  I will only take my RR to these guys from now on.  If you need service on your import vehicle this is the place. Thanks Guys you are awesome.
5	The absolute BEST place in Las Vegas to bring your British vehicles for service and repair!I can not say enough good things about Bill and his shop!  Whether you have a Mini Cooper, a Land Rover, or a Jaguar...this is the only place in town you should even contemplate coming to.  I saved a load of money and headaches by bringing my Mini here.  If only I would've known about this shop before ever stepping food on the Mini dealerships lot, but I never have to worry about that again since I'm now in the loop.I was fed a line of ish by Desert Mini over alleged problems my car had when I brought it in over something completely different.  Knowing I was being told a big fat lie I sought a second opinion.  That's when I discovered KMC.  Within an hour Bill had my car completely checked out and fully diagnosed.  Of course what the dealership said was faulty was not true, and the problem my car did have the dealer never mentioned.  So I get it fixed and they were nice enough to drop me off across town at my house while it was being worked out.  Everyone was super nice, the charge was very affordable, and the work speaks for itself!Since my first visit I've been back to get my water pump and engine mount replaced.  Once again I was given a ride where I wanted to go and was charged a very modest price.  I had a custom grill I'd bought a while back that I realized afterwards would take more work that I thought to install it since it involved removing the front end.  Bill was cool enough to install it for free while the water pump was being fixed.  Super awesome on his part!  And now my car looks that much cooler too!Thank you Bill and KMC for all your impressive and reliable work!
5	I purchased a used 2007 MINI S from the dealer.   After one experience with that service department, I found Bill and the staff through Sin City Mini Club.   The staff at Kensington are the best in the business.   I would not let anyone else touch "by baby."   When the Mini was going to be overnight for 90K check and my transportation (rental car) ended up not being available.   Bill arranged for transportation to and from my job until my car was ready.  I cannot say enough GREAT things about Kensington Motor Cars, that is why I carry around a stack of their business cards to give out to owners who need a sound alternative.
5	Being Bay Area transplants, finding a trusted mechanic has been tough in the Vegas area. We had taken my fiance's dad's old Jaguar to "Purrfect Auto Service" and I really felt like uneasy about their work. They said during their diagnostic they found no other issues with the car, but low and behold, a few weeks later, we start noticing leaks in hoses, as well as coolant/fan issues. This is when we started to get more serious about what it would take to own and maintain a Jaguar and took our car here. My fiance spoke with the office manager, who explained their processes very clearly and laid out expectations for us. When we got to the shop, I heard the office manager speaking to another customer on the phone and was very impressed by her automotive knowledge, thoroughness, the ownership she took and the customer service she was delivering. She reassured us that Bill and the staff were great at what they did and had the experience to resolve our issue. Our quote was fair, we never felt pushed to make decisions we weren't comfortable with and the repairs were done with a quick turn-around-time. I think the most important thing for us was that we knew if there were any continued issues with the car, we were reassured we could bring the car back in and they would take responsibility for any repairs they had previously done. Thanks Kensington!
5	At 11:00 PM on the last night of a visit to Vegas, I was pulling into the hotel parking garage when my clutch slave cylinder decided to fail. It's never a good feeling to step on the clutch and have the clutch NOT disengage and the pedal stay on the floor. I was able to coax the MINI Cooper into a parking spot. In the morning I did a quick Google and some Yelping and found Kensington just a couple of miles away. They had great reviews and I was able to work up enough hydraulic pressure to operate the clutch (sometimes) and limped the MINI over to Kensington. Trish was quite helpful at the front desk, and they quickly took it in and diagnosed the problem. Since the repair was going to take a few hours, they kindly offered us a ride. We had checked out of the hotel, so we opted for a rental which Trish arranged at a very reasonable price. We went off and spent a few more hours in Vegas. The MINI was roadworthy shortly after lunch and we made the more than 200 miles home by 5:30 PM. Thanks Kensington, for your prompt and courteous service. If we lived in Vegas, you'd be our first choice for service. We'll keep you in mind for any future catastrophes when we're in the vicinity.
4	Had the oil changed in our VW at Kensington today. Friendly and fairly priced. Would definitely recommend them.
5	Hands down THE BEST place to take your Mini!!  I love the professionalism and courtesy I am shown every time I take my car here.  I had a really bad experience at another shop and was given an estimate of $2500 to fix it,  Kensington assessed it and got me back on the road for under $1000 and the work was done the same day.  I will never take my Mini anywhere else!!
5	Brought my 2007 Mini in for oil change and they discovered a bushing problem.  They made all the arrangements with my warranty insurance company to cover the repair except for my deductible.  Good work, thanks.Wil K
5	I called in to have my Land Rover serviced and they were able to do it while I waited.  I first went to the Land Rover dealership and I would have been more satisfied if I slapped myself, they were so rude, I walked out.  I should have went to Kensington FIRST.  The service was fast, the manager(s) were very friendly, they made me want to go back.  I would gladly spend my money to have my vehicle serviced here in the future, no one needs the dealership when you can get better service from the locals.  Bypass them and use this place instead!!
5	Best service anywhere!!!   Great work, professionalism, friendliness and integrity!!!  My jaguar loves them, too!  I previously made the mistake of servicing my Mini at the dealership- never again.   It would have been a much better car in KMCs care.  I will never take my cars anywhere else!!! Kensington Motor Cars is the best!!!  Thank you so much for exceeding my expectations!!!
5	KMC helped me out huge recently.  After driving from LA to Vegas, my Rover's engine started putting off a ton of smoke.  I called Kensington and was helped by Tricia.  She got my car on the rack immediately and I was back on the road within 4 hours.  She was even nice enough to give me a ride to the Rio casino, where I won $500 at the craps tables while waiting for my RR to be fixed!  I can't say enough about Kensington Motor Cars, 5 stars all around, thank you!!!!!!!!!
5	Great shop very helpful. The only place I take my land rover.
2	Took my jaguar to Bill at Kensington for new key and programming. My car was running in perfect condition until the key broke. Obviously with a Jag, the key must be programmed to the car or it won't drive ...so they had to order keys from a dealership. I was happy when Trisha told me they wouldn't charge me for programming if I ordered the keys through them. Due to the positive reviews I read here, I had the car towed while we awaited the new keys. The car was there 3 days. To make a long story short, we get the car back. Fuses blown for radio etc.. and needs a jump start. Dead alternator. Hmmm I spoke to Bill and he wants to charge 100+ for a diagnostic that I explained I didn't need. He then quotes me 730 something dollars to replace the alternator.. Really? 400 in labor... Really? My mind was officially blown! I went to ARCO AUTO CENTER on south Decatur on a referral from a friend. Ron specializes in foreign vehicles.. Alternator and labor= 320.00 out the door!
5	Once my warranty was up at the MINI dealership I started going to KMC.Staff is great, explain everything and answer all my questions.They seriously care more about my MINI than I do! My only gripe is that prices for repairs are a bit high, so sometimes my husband does the work if he's able for much cheaper, but they always do good, reliable work when I have them do anything. I trust them with my car, you can' t say that about many car repair shops.
5	There's a great reason why Kensington Motor Cars has five (5) stars. Her name is Trisha, the manager at Kensington. Trisha is very passionate and knowledgable  about cars, European cars in particular. In my case, my girlfriend's 2009 Mini Copper Clubman. Against my better judgement, I went to the Mini dealership for an oil change. I've had nothing but bad experiences at Las Vegas Mini. And it continues.Go to Kensington. You won't regret it. I promise.
5	Got another oil change and a bit of an upgrade to my 03 Mini Cooper (his name is Simon) He got a power boost added to the throttle.  I'm looking forward to trying out my new power. As always the staff was Amazing!  They do the best work and are knowledgeable about the car! We're looking at buying another Mini Cooper and they gave us great advice!  Love this car shop!
5	My wife and I both own Mini Coopers and this is the best place we have found to have them serviced.  They are exceptionally friendly, nice and knowledgeable.  Trish, the office manager is awesome and she really gets to know you and she gives great advice and this is the type of shop that will look the car over and give you options.  Normally it goes like this:  "Ok, we are in for an oil change, yes?  We can do that.:  Then they quote the price. They get done in less than an hour and you are happily on your way.  Once in a long time, it went like this: "We are in for an oil change again, yes?  We noticed that your rear brake pads are running low - would recommend you change them in a few months or soon.  However, your front pads are down to nothing and if you don't change them you will start doing damage to the rotors.  Would you like us to change them or wait - we recommend for safety that you change them, but let us know."  That is how it is done.  So I get an oil change and have the front pads changed since I already knew they were thin.  They quote me a price which is way better than dealership and what I have heard before and I go ahead and do the back brakes.  THIS is how to do business people.  I trust them and they always seem to love my car more than I do.  They are very passionate about what they do and I would recommend them to anyone who drives a Mini, Jaguar, or Land Rover.
5	I must admit I was a little hesitate to take my prized automobile to an independent shop that wasn't a referral.  Being in Las Vegas, I was far away from my usual spots in Los Angeles (even though I've been a four-year resident of Vegas).   Still, I trusted my gut, and the reviews on Yelp and must honestly say I couldn't be happier.  Both Bill and Trish really take care of you.  The shop is ultra clean, the service is first rate, and Bill really talks you through the recommended service.  Parts had to be shipped in from the UK for my British beauty which made the wait longer than usual, but they kept me abreast every step of the way.  And when one part got lost in shipping, they did everything they could to make sure my car was ready on time, and they came through with flying colors.Again, I would not hesitate to recommend coming here.  They have me as a lifetime customer.
