5	Love Phoenix's Metro Light Rail.  Quick, easy, convenient, & good price.  Much easier than trying to park down town, cheaper than gas, & fun to covers with fellow Phoenicians.  Can't wait for the extensions to be built in Mesa & Phoenix! =)
1	So, I do not need the Metro Rail with my lifestyle, and live in north Scottsdale in which the rail does not run thru yet . (GOOD!)  I  know people who use Metro rails in other cities and I have used systems such as this in  San Fran, Chicago and NY.. My daughter came to visit during Christmas this past month and she wanted to experience it with her children and husband. They dragged me along for their fun part of course! We drove ourselves to Tempe to catch it and decided to Light Rail towards Windsor Restaraunt in Phx-Camelback and Central.4Well the timing was soooo wrong as it was about 4:45 pm and the sun was almost down so we thought we could watch the sunset from the inside of the rail.  Umm, WRONG!!!!! We got on the Rail, and all the windows were DARK as night and you could NOT see outside! All we could watch was OUR BACKs from the type of morons on this train. BUMS-Hey I have nothing against them and hopefully THEY wont PUT anything against me like a gun, or their dirty poopy pants or snotty fingers. These people LIVE on this Rail!!!! NO official from the city,  was securing this Rail system and it felt very dangerous! No Security what so ever! The only 'other' people we saw on the Rail were a few  drunks coming and going from the sports event and pre teens with nothing to do in Phoenix who now have something to do- hop on and off  wreaking of cig and pot smoke, and carry glass beer bottles and break them on the ground.I do NOT what so ever recommend this type of transportation in Phx, Tempe!  Also- the closest we could get dropped off to the Restaraunt (Windsor)  we were headed to was NOT a place you 'walk at night'  which was a super supe rbusy street (central Ave) and 5 blocks away. The ONLY thing I thought was good about the  rail was it was very quiet and stopped and started quite nicely. I am NOT happy to know my Tax dollars are now locked up in The Light Rail for  a preteen hangout and bum housing.
4	This is near the mill and third stop on the valley metro rail which is where i like to hangout when i'm visiting phoenix. Its right next to the ASU campus so anybody who knows what college life is like will find the same things here namely plenty of bars, a mixture of reasonably priced restaurants, and a young crowd.
3	The light rail is pretty convenient and the stops for the train are pretty well plannedIt gets busy during the day due to all the college students and people getting to and fro workAt night it can be pretty sketchy but there are several security officers who hop on and off the train to ensure safety as well as check to make sure everyone purchased a ticket... This particular stop is a great place to hop on or off if you are trying to get to the main part of the ASU main campusAlso, I feel pretty safe at this station because it is near the hub of Tempe Police
