5	I checked out The Beer Growler yesterday for the first time.  I had the opportunity to taste a variety of beers and gain some knowledge from the staff, which are very knowledgeable.  I brought my own growler to have it filled and was able to purchase an additional 32oz growler as well.  They have a great selection of NC beers which is great in order to promote the fabulous beer that we now have within the state.  However, I think they'll need to expand to other beers from around the country to increase the variety and expand the options that aren't available in town at the local bars and breweries.Overall, I was very happy with my experience.  You'll be happy as long as you recognize that it's not a bar to get a pint, but is a purveyor of a great beer that you can take home to enjoy.64oz Growler - Lone Rider: Cowboy in Black32oz Growler - Frog Level: Special Hoperations
5	The Beer Growler is a chain out of Atlanta that just opened it's doors to Charlotte. They are located right across the street from World of Beer South End. What a neat place and great idea. My husband and I came last week just to check it out. It just opened and they were actually fairly busy inside. (Though, it kinda looks like they are closed from the outside just cause it isnt well lit).They had like over 45 beers on tap that you could fill your growler up with. We brought our own growler but you can buy one there for $5 for 64 oz or $2.50 for a 32 oz. There is a large board with the beers on tap and the growler prices. They don't do servings by the pint but they will let you sample beers. I believe they let you sample 4 beers before they start charging (seems like they are fairly lenient on this if you buy a growler though!).As for the selection, they really do have alot of great options! My husband and I would consider ourselves very knowlegable about the NC (all there beers are from NC) brewing scene and they had a great range of breweries and types. There were actually a few breweries listed up there that I have never even heard of. The lady behind the bar was extremely knowlegable about the beers and breweries I asked her about! I noticed that Raleigh Brewing Company was on tap and she said they are one of the few places in Charlotte that have it. Seems like they go out of there way to make sure to get small breweries in there!We ended up getting our growler filled with the Duck Rabit Rabbiter (I believe it was around $15 to get ours filled, there is no additional fee if you bring in your own growler) and buying one of there growlers to get it filled. Can't remember what we got....it was a brewery I was unfamilair with. This place is an excellent way to learn more about NC beers or enhance your knowledge. Bring in your grolwer (or buy), sample some beers, and take some home to enjoy!
5	So happy to see this place open.  Yes, there are other options to get your growler filled but this one is closest to my house so it gets my vote and the 5-star nudge.Something on the order of 40 local taps and some other non local, equally craft, taps.  They will include up to 4  samples for you so you can decide in lieu of just picking blindly.  They will also rinse your old growler out for you and don't require you to purchase their brand of growler.The parking is simple and easy.  The location is kinda perfect.  The service is very nice and this is a great addition to the beer nerd society here locally in Charlotte.
4	Love beer, love growlers, love this place that supports the local wonders of NC brew.  Not a bar, but a place to try plenty of craft brews and buy growlers of your favorites.  You get 4 tastes for free and then $1 per taste 5+.  Pretty reasonable, I think.We left our first visit with 4 growlers for a neighborhood party.  Excited to introduce our neighbors to this place.  We tried 8 and found some favorites, for sure.Can we get this for wine????  Seriously!
5	Love it. Great selection! That is all you need to know.
3	I've been driving by this place for the last few weeks on my way to work each day. I finally got a chance to check it out last night. There is a very nice selection of all kinds of beers and kambuchas. My biggest complaint, like another reviewer, is not being able to drink any of what I buy there. As soon as you get the growler filled up its sealed and you pay and leave. They have tables there with coasters but I guess those are decorative. This aspect kind of kills the mood for me.
5	Great place to check out some fantastic craft brews!  They can't (or won't) sell by the pint, which some users complained of, but, I suspect that has more to do with the weird nc alcohol laws.  If they sold by the pint they might need a bar license.  They DO sell flights though.  I doubt there is a law that says all four glasses can't be the same beer :-)Great selection, and super convenient!I agree wih another poster, I wish we did this with wines and ciders!
