4	I freaking lurve the $5 pizza. Its a gooey, floppy mess of cheese and grease, in the best way possible. You cannot beat the pizza or the price. Sandwiches are just meh. They're good but man are they small. Once again, only $5 so you can't really complain cause its some good cheap eats, the problem is I've gotten them several times now and I swear each time, my sandwich has been progressively smaller.
2	I have gone to this location twice now.  1st time was a take out order.  Food was fine, service was ok.  The people at the counter aren't rude, but they certainly aren't friendly either. I hear this is a newer location, so maybe the help is new to the service industry.  Now the 2nd time we dined in the restaurant.  Counter people again are just past teenage range and look like they would rather be doing anything else than working.  Again, the food is ok, nothing extraordinary about it.  This is where the service can make up for the food, but no one came over to ask if everything was ok, how was the food,  no goodbye or thank you when we left.  We were the only people in the place besides 2 other guys, so it wasn't due to the heavy business.  At the point when we left, there was 1 lone guy in the back and as soon as we passed the doors, the 2 teenaged girls popped out.  Hopefully, they will hire some people that know service is just as important as the food is to their success.  May come back in a few months when they get the kinks out.
2	Stopped by this place for lunch because it is close to the office.  First time last time.  Food is tasteless.  I don't think the developer of the menu has even been to 'philly" yet they supposedly sell Philly sandwiches.  Not even close.   Skip it. They won't be around long unless they change the products they use to make their food.  As I said. ... tasteless.
4	I can't speak on the cheesesteaks that others seem to not like as I haven't had them and I frankly am just not an expert on cheesesteaks.  However, I know good pizza and their pizza is a pretty good NY style, thin but not crunchy pizza.  Their salads are hearty and fresh, their fries are decent, and their turkey sub was delicious.And I'm pretty sold on a fresh $5 large cheese pizza that I can actually have delivered and not have to go and pick up.  Someone else said they are small but they are a 14" pizza which is the same size large as most pizza places.  It's a thin pizza, like NY style, so perhaps that is his complaint.  If you like a thick doughy crust then you might be disappointed, but this style of pizza is my favorite.  It's better than any of the major chains and most of the locally owned places, too.*UPDATE* - After eating here a few more times I realized their pizza really isn't THAT good.  Their NY style pizza is better than their $5 standard pizza, but I no longer order their pizza.  I am, however, still giving them 4 stars because their turkey sandwich is just so delicious I get regular cravings for it and I think for just $5 the pizza is still fine.  It's still better than a frozen pizza, which would be $1 more.I normally order from GrubHub so I can't really comment on the service, but the driver's have always been polite, I have no complaints there.  I'm a little confused by a review by someone who dined in and didn't receive good service because no one came to check on them.  It's not really a "dine in for the experience" place, so I frankly find it bizarre that someone would expect any kind of table service in what is generally a take out place, and then leave a 2 star review over it.I'm not a fan of their wings or their cheese sauce (which I like to have for fries), but every place has a few misses, and chances are someone else will love what I don't.I hope others who feel the same way will start leaving reviews as well.  I feel like the ones left so far are bizarre reviews based on some irrelevant things and doesn't represent this place at all.
1	First of all, who "runs out of ranch" when 2 of their main items has ranch on them. So no one can order a chicken bacon ranch sandwich or pizza? Cool guys! Do you even know where you are located...people LOVE ranch here! Stock up or your never going to last.Second, the pizzas are not that great. You get over charged for a thin pizza with hardly any toppings on it. You can tell they aren't fresh toppings. I'm wondering how this place even still has business with the crap they serve. You will have better pizza with pizza hut...and more of it! Don't waste your money!
4	I'll admit, I really wasn't expecting much from the "$5" large cheese pizza deal. BUT..it was an amazingly good pizza for $5!! GREAT DEAL!! I haven't had anything else from Genos yet, but the pizza deal was a hit!. "Bad service"..and just shy of tears over "running out of ranch dressing".are you kidding me?? Oh my, I'd almost wonder if a competitor wrote that. As clearly pointed out, you place your order at the counter, and pick it up...period. (Did you actually go to Genos?) And Ms. Lost without ranch girl sounds like she seriously needs a life..and some basic understanding of what a REAL problem is. Welcome to the neighborhood Genos. Not ALL of us are crybabies. :)
5	I've got a very happy belly right now... Geno's is a small local chain that seems more like a big National chain. I've been growing rather fond of this franchise lately. There are about half a dozen or so locations around the Valley, and each is owned by different people. This location happens to be one of my favorites (this owner's other location is my other favorite), though I do like them all. Having sampled the cheesesteak a few times, I can say with confidence that it's superb and authentic. I've also now tried their pizza, and that's also excellent. There's a lot of flavor packed into every bite of food I've had here, and you get a lot of bang for your buck. This is the sort of place you'll get a craving for. I'm slightly outside of the delivery range of this spot, but it's easily worth the drive. The prices here are great, it's clean, the staff is friendly, and the food is delicious and awesome. Can't really go wrong. Not sure what else you would need to make a place 5 stars.
1	Food here tastes pretty bad...delivery took a really long time and I live right down the street. I wanted to give it a good review. Better off at sidewinders or jimmy johns.
5	Love this place! Open late and quality ingredients, have a beer while u wait. Or have them deliver for pennies on the dollar, super consistent.
5	I love this place, discovered it a couple weeks ago and I've already ordered 4 or 5 times. We love the pizza and my wife loves the feta greek salad. Last time I ordered the philly cheese steak. Sure I've never been to Philadelphia, and some snobs would say that render's my opinion worthless, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and would highly recommend it. My favorite would be the 14" pizza with feta, cheddar, and bacon.
1	By far, the worst cheesesteaks I've ever had. Zero flavor and soggy. Garlic sticks tasted like cardboard.
4	This place is within walking distance.  Hey man... if we want to go out, we send the kids up for some Pizza here.  They love it... I tried the philly, it's messy just like it needs to be... all over the place!   Taste great...!  Give it a try!  Great for movie night too!  Lot's of choices... and the price is SOOO reasonable...
3	Its a typical place for cheap pizza kind of expensive cheesesteak .. pizza as good as the old pizza pizza little ceasers but better then frozen.. had the cheese steak decent size for 10.00 nothing spectacular but not bad. all in all don't expect a real cheese steak or super pizza its a fast food joint with girls at the front with no knowledge of product they are selling and kind of a boring look with a bunch of tvs on all on different channels ok . pizza cheese 5 bucks so what do you expect it is what it is.. great place for cheap quick pizza.. no affiliation with the true Genos in Philly ..
1	Splurge an extra ten dollars and get Frankie's, Venezia's, or one of the other amazing pizza places in the area. If I could go back in time and un-eat this pizza, I would.
5	Best cheese steak in AZ. Incredible amount of meat on sandwich. Would need to get triple meat from any other place to even come close. I'm SOLD on trying everything on the menu...soon.
2	Bad cheessteak. Dry bread. The meat looked funny and dry too. Tasted below average. Won't be rushing back anytime soon.
