1	After the wonderful news that gay and lesbian couples can now legally marry in Phoenix, my fiance and I were delighted that we would not have to wait until next year to go out of state to get married. We found this company and thought they were a perfect fit for our special day. After planning with them for almost three weeks, we get this outrageous email message, "We are very uncomfortable with same sex marriage as it is directly against our beliefs. We would not be a very good fit." They have refused to proceed with our ceremony. This company specifically states on their website, " When it comes to your special day there is only one rule . . .You HAVE to be happy Your preferences are our priority"How is my preference your priority when you have a problem with my preference in who I want to marry? Now, with only a month until our big day and plane tickets of friends and family already purchased, we have to try to find something in the budget we have created around this company. NOT COOL. I am more than dissatisfied, I am hurt and angry that there are still such closed minded people in the world who obviously do NOT know what love is.
1	My friends were trying to use this service and were denied because they are a lesbian couple. In this state it is legal to get married regardless of your sexual preference and this is an outrage. Any company that doesn't value love and equality is not a company worthy of my dollar, and in my opinion shouldn't be worth yours.
1	So apparently this company doesn't hold values of equality, so when my friends were planning on investing time and money for their special day with this company, they were denied because they're lesbians. I wonder if they're against mixed race marriages too. So how about you not support those who treat people like this.
1	ain't nobody got time for bigots!
1	So you'll marry someone who elopes...regardless of their intentions?!?!? But won't marry a stable couple who fought so hard for the right. SHAME!!! People like you are an embarrassment to the human race! #stayclassy
1	Please add the following to your FAQ - http://affordableweddingminister.com/faq.html:1 - Yes, we will perform both Christian and non-religious marriage ceremonies.2 - No, we will not perform marriage ceremonies between same-sex couples.3 - Yes, we cite https://www.phoenix.gov/eodsite/Documents/094166.pdf to back up #2, citing our own religious beliefs.4 - No, we do not understand the paradox between #1 and #3.
1	This company is great. Their FAQ's state that they don't even have to meet you before they marry you. So if you're a male tattooed divorced ex-con who is currently living with your pregnant girlfriend. This is the place for you. They'll welcome you with open arms.**Unless you're a gay or lesbian person. Regardless if you're in a committed relationship and both are law-abiding, tax-paying citizens who have never been previously married. That's against their religion.
1	More bigots that don't understand the idea the protections one gains from incorporation come at the price of operating said business in a secular manner.
