4	I tried this place based on the review I found on Yelp!  I also love the bi bim bop.  Yum! This is a great place for a quick, casual lunch. Lunch was $10 incl. soda (not incl. tip) today.  Staff is pretty attentive and easy to flag down. The food came quick, and I was probably in and out of there in 10-15 min.
5	The absolute best Korean Cold Noddles in the world! Well, i haven't tried the worlds', but they got some mean cold noddles.
4	Yummy hole in the wall.  They have really good fried fish plate.  And the cold noodles are delicious!
5	They are always so nice whenever I come in.  Even though I always do take-out, the service and quality of their food is wonderful.  I'm always greeted with some boiled peanuts (yum!) and some water or green tea while I wait for my food.I've been on the search for some good hamburger steak/loco moco and I do have to say, it is one of the best that I've tasted here in Vegas.  The gravy tastes homemade, not from powder like most. And the hamburger is yummy, but a bit overdone.  I need to remember to ask for it to be cooked medium.  Even with my drive home clear across town, the egg is always perfectly over easy.Also, the have some super delicious fried noodles.  That is also a hard thing to find out here.  Whatever we order, we ALWAYS have to have an order of fried noodles to go with our food.  Most places seem to use a lesser quality noodles when making this, but yours is perfect!!We're still making our way through the menu, but so far, everything has been great!
5	great for the price! i also got the combo with the one kalbi, meat jun and chicken teriyaki. kalbi was excellent. meat jun was a bit sweet but not bad. chicken was good but a bit well. the bibimbop was awesome! yes, i had  2 combos and 1 bibimbop for $31. I want to try the soondabu (spelling?) next! yes, boiled peanuts, barley tea and the soup that came with my food, whatever it was, was so TASTY awesome! The kimchi was good! I don't really care for the radish kimchi but it tasted like what it should. For the price and the food quality, it can't be beat. Also, though it was busy, the Korean lady was quick. She was sharp. I will come again!
4	The food is good here.  I like the fact that there is Hawaii style food as well as korean style food.  Jun's gives more sides though.  The boiled peanuts are nice.  My girlfriend liked the miso tofu spicy soup.  My roast beef was good too.  All in all I think I liked Juns more for korean and Island flavor resturant for my Hawaii style food.
3	You could drive by here a million times and not see this place. Totally hole in the wall. It has a Hawaiian and korean mix. The oxtail soup is tender and I don't even like oxtail soup. The Hawaiian food is pretty good overall also.
5	This one is as close as the local food in hawaii. Food are great, price are decent. The place is very clean and homey. Owner is very nice, and she's very accomodating.I couldn't really find a fish/meat jun in SoCal, so as soon as I saw it on their menu, I ordered it and it's good!! They also gave side dishes and roasted peanuts! All are yummy!!!
5	I read the reviews, and decided to give this place a try, as it was the highest rated Korean food place in Vegas on Yelp. This hole-in-the-wall is nestled amongst the seedy massage parlors and stripper clothing stores. GPS led me right to it. They are opening a new location at Spring Mtn. and Rainbow this week, so try that one if you're looking for more ambiances. Korean food in Vegas is usually sub par and way over priced. This place was a complete surprise and a wonderful new experience. Not a place to take a first date, but a great place for home-style Korean and Hawaiian food. The menu said fusion, but the dishes were not really fused. Korean food was just like mom makes, and the Hawaiian food was just like I've had in Hawaii. Didn't see anything like Moco Kim-chee bap. My group of 5 enjoyed everything we ordered. Here is the breakdown:Me - I ordered the Loco Moco. Although I've only had it at chain stores like L&L and Ono Hawaiian, I can say that Island Style's is hands down the BEST. The gravy is awesome. It is Loco Moco, so I'm definitely going to gain a few lbs from it, but it wasn't as heavy as the chain versions. Highly recommend. Wife - Soon Du Boo. Excellent. Just like the local spots in L.A. Very authentic. Daughter (6yrs old) - Spam and eggs. "Yummeee!!". If you like Spam and eggs, how can they get it wrong? Sister - Curry lover say the curry is as close to home made as she's had. She is so picky that she doesn't even like Curry House. Mom - Madu Guk. Even my mom was impressed with the taste. She said it tasted really homemade. Overall a wonderful place to stop to get a great meal that tastes very authentic.  Husband is from Hawaii, and the wife id Korean, so they really know what they're doing. The fact that the menu had both styles made me real nervous, but the tastes were not sacrificed in any way. The hospitably was top notch. Both the husband and wife were super friendly and overly generous with the side dishes, tea, boiled peanuts, and even gave a dish of fried wontons for us to sample. The kim-chee was super authentic and the pickled cucumber was awesome. As soon as we got close to finishing a dish, they brought out another heaping dish. Enjoy!!
5	Yum!  Hole in the wall place with good food.  Owner guy was real nice and the place was packed.  He gave us all this kimchi, way more then 3 people can eat.  Get the combo as you get to taste all the good food.  There are large portions of the food for about $10 plus you get all the korean side dishes.
5	Pull into the parking lot of a most unlikely location.Approach a restaurant that looks both scary and closed.Open the door and catch a whiff of food that will make your belly happy.Best dive in Las Vegas! And maybe even some of the best ethnic food in Las Vegas.I had the bulgogi. It was a generous portion of bulgogi done right and seasoned to perfection. Heaping mounds of white rice, and the even the usually dreaded Hawaiian macaroni salad was good.But the best part? The owner made me feel like an honored guest, bringing me 4 kinds of homemade kimchi, some kind of Korean tea, boiled peanuts. I love people who are passionate about what they do. I love people who are passionate about serving up great food. And I love people who put care and love into their food, whether it's a fancy restaurant, or a little dive in an unlikely and nearly frightening location.5 stars to Island Style. This will become a frequent haunt.
5	Hands down, one of the best Hawaiian restaurants I've been to. I live in LA and they have a ton of Hawaiian restaurants but this one stands out by FAR! What makes this place so great is not only the food, but the GREAT, TERRIFIC, AWESOME hospitality. The owner here just makes you feel like you're family and right at home. The six of us ordered a bunch of different dishes and shared. Here is what we ordered:1. Loco Moco (hamburger and egg on top of a bed of rice with gravy)2. Fried Rice Omlet3. Bim Bim Bop 4. Fried Saimen5. Chicken Katsu6. Fried Mandu (homemade, the owner was so nice to let us try this on the house) Everything was delicious! I mean the Katsu was crunchy, the fried saimen contained the freshest ingredients (spam, cabbage, kamaboko, saimen noodles, eggs, etc), the bim bim bop had great flavor, the loco moco had some pretty awesome tasting gravy which made the dish so good, and the fried rice was great (something so simple tasting so good just tells you how good it is).  I don't know exactly what was in the fried mandu but man did that taste good as well. I don't even know what more to say except that I would highly recommend trying this place out. Later in our trip we had Hawaiian food again at the California Club, Aloha Specialties and man, Aloha Specialties doesn't even compare to Island Style! Come here! Best meal of the trip :)
5	What is your go-to place to eat in Vegas?? I asked my friends this and finally I found an answer. ISLAND STYLE!I rarely give 5 stars. But this place definitely deserves it. Why?Here are some reasons:1. Impeccable geniune service from the owner Russel who is a hawaiian native (big island) whose wife is korean. 2. Its a hole in the wall place, but neat and clean. A place where you feel safe to eat. But don't be fooled by the surrounding stores in the unassuming strip mall.3. Price is right for good hawaiian and good korean food in Vegas. 4. Big servings! FRIED RICE IS GREAT! Spam, eggs, and all the rest of the typical fried rice ingredients. 5. Mandu - fried gyoza/dumpling type stuff which is extra crispy skin on the outsdie and delicious pork,cabbage stuffing. 6. They have kimchee that is homemade! =) All the best homestyle hawaiian food and korean favorites (bulgolgi, spam, bi bam bop in a claypot)The best part of our experience is the owner and his generosity. He's the surfer type, hawaiian, laid back - he's your uncle kind of guy that treats like your his old friend. Offered us complimentary katsu with our meal and brought out extra soup for our table of 4. Most generous guy. They have another place located downtown near the korean stores, we must check it out next time we're in town. A must go place off the strip if you have a car go there, and if you're really hungry and strapped for cash, definitely go there!
5	5 stars people!!!!  If you are in Vegas... you have to try this place. The food is amazing and the service is incredible. The owner serves you personally and is super fun and laid back to chill with while you are there  =)  I had several things... the peanuts as a starter, chicken cutlet, spare ribs and some others I can't remember but everything was just amazing!
5	Overall This place is GREAT! The restaurant itself isn't very big seating for about 30. The food came out in a timely manner and the owner was very friendly. Read on for what to expect from a visit!Once entering the owner greeted and seated us. He then asked if we had ever eaten there before or a place like it. After giving us some menus he went and got us some boiled peanuts and waters. He explained the menu and gave us recommendations based off what we said we liked. Before our food came out he brought us some cabbage and daikon radish in a slightly spicy sauce which was very tasty along with some bean sprouts. Our food came out very fast and was exactly was amazing. The owner explained how the food was to be eaten and what sauces were best on what foods. After all was said and done 2 people ate two very filling meals for $20 and will return again!
4	This place is like a Hawaiian style Korean restaurant. The food here is tasty. I gotta say the kim chee is fresh and very very good. This is one of the only places that serve meat jun. I will definitely be back. aaalright!
4	You've done it before right? Walk in to a Korean market without an appetite and walk out three pounds heavier? No? Oh, that's just me.Well, I give all the credit to Island Style for giving me the best late lunch in a very long time. I was on an eating restriction day (vegetarian) and needed something to eat. As I was leaving the Greenland Supermarket, I was desperate for a meal since I bought all the supplies for a Korean feast.I asked the guy at the counter if there was anything vegetarian. He went through the menu and explained everything to me. I settled on the Bibimbap, which was rice with fantastic vegetables, and a fried egg on top. Filled my (korean in a past life) belly. It came with a miso type soup and a side of pickled sprouts. All for about 8 bucks. A great deal!What really made me happy, was the guy at the counter, even gave me instructions on how to eat it with all the sauces and such. Very nice.Took off one star, because there was nothing from the sea, and I was open to seafood that day.
5	i love this place.  the owner russell is so friendly and brings out boiled peanuts as soon as you sit down.  two thumbs up.
5	As a frequent traveler to Hawaii over the years I can attest to the authenticity of this amazing establishment. Not only was the food perfectly prepared, the atmosphere was familiar and inviting. Full of the Aloha spirit. I went here for lunch and was immediately welcomed into the restaurant by the owner. My brother and I sat down and were served their famous boiled peanuts. Being from the South I am very familiar with boiled peanuts and these were some of the best I have had in years. Then he brought out some Kimchi and Bamboo shoots to snack on. Wow! So good. About the best kimchi I have ever had. Yum!For our entrees we both had the meat jun and we were by no means disappointed. It was again probably the best meat jun I have ever had. Again Wow Yummy Amazing! The owner even brought us out some fried mandu to try, completely graits might I add. And yet again it was awesome!If I am anywhere near Vegas or in Vegas or just stopping for a layover I will do everything in my ability to go back to Island Style. If you live In Vegas you have to try this place. I'm positive you will be immediately addicted! So so so good.
3	When a Yelp reviewer described this restaurant as being a "hole in the wall", I didn't believe them until I actually saw it in person. I've been in the same shopping center plenty of times and I have never noticed this place. What makes this place memorable and enjoyable is the customer service. Our server, he was a man, was nice, funny, and attentive. His persona is that of like a really cool uncle.As far as the food goes, it was decent. Their kalbi and teriyaki chicken are worth getting. I disliked their spam musubi ($2/roll) because I could make better tasting ones at home. The spam & egg sandwich was drenched in so much mayonnaise that the spam slipped out when my boyfriend was trying to eat it. I also did not like the fact that their water tasted like tap water. :-\ I think I would only go here if I was nearby.
4	This place is another good Hawaiian style place with a korean influence. They have my all time fav, portuguese sausage and over easy eggs over rice... that is the ultimate comfort dish and they make it great here. Boiled peanuts are a nice starter too, the owner is totally laid back with a Hawaiian accent. Which is a good thing cause who like their Hawaiian food made by someone that has never even been to hawaii.Man writing on yelp always makes me hungery...
5	YUMM!  This place is hands down my favorite place to get local-style Hawaiian food in Vegas.  (I'm from Hawaii) I've been to Island Style three times and will definitely be back. I'm slowly working my way through the menu. haha. Ok for starters, the place looks sketchy from outside, but inside is bright and welcoming.  The owner/host is super friendly and makes you feel right at home.  First you get hot tea, warm boiled peanuts if they have any, kimchi, and a couple other korean appetizer munchies. ... and you get a LOT of it (and it's all free!). The owner is quick to notice if your little dishes get low, and will bring refills and send you home with more if you want.  I have tried and recommend the eggs, rice, and portuguese sausage plate, the fried rice, and the meat jun plate.  happy eating :)
4	This is a place where you can't stop eating. I devoured the entire plate of bulgogi, rice and mac. Never really thought much about Hawaiian -Korean food, but it is great. When you come in you get a basket of boiled, salted peanuts. Not really my cup of tea, but it's always nice when they bring out something to nibble on while you wait for the main dish. Gotta appreciate that. The meat was grilled with onions, green onions, and mushrooms. It was delicious, chewy, and flavorful. The kimchee (cabbage, radish) were surprisingly fermented and spcied just right.Rice cooked like any Korean mother would.. I could do without the macaroni too much mayo.. The second trip had the dol sot bi bim bap and it was not bad. It had all the usual suspects: radish, spinach, beef, egg...Again, for the price it's a great spot for the tired and hungry.I'll be back...Did I mention prices were a darn good deal? About ten bucks per most, with some sandwiches and burgers for less than 5.
5	Every other review hits the nail right on the head with this place. They've all gone into explicit detail, so I'll be brief and just say this:Each time I go to Island Style, I leave very full, very happy, and with most of my cash still in my wallet. I honestly can't pick a favorite dish because they are all triumphs so far and I try a new one each visit.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Did not get checked on as soon as my entree arrived. One of the male employees (possibly the owner) watched the restaurant's TV and changed channels as if he were at home. Too much fat on my kalbi.LIKE  The boiled peanuts while you waited for your order.  The pleasant female server.LOVE  The side dishes that came with your order (kim chee, bean sprouts, etc.). The meat jun. Brown rice as an option. Eggs were done just the way I liked them.
4	I visited Las Vegas 1 week on end of June with my family.My daughter found this one on the web.First impression was "Oops... it does not look as people said...".Once, we got the food and when we were done.Everybody have a smile on face and happy.  GOOD!
5	Jodi you might not recognize me, we had a conversation Sunday about service and "banana" donuts as I waited with great anticipation for my meat jun, fried mandoo and spam fried rice. Anyway, your food is awesome....exactly the food I remember growing up. Simple but with great flavor, cooked right and consistent. Both locations Greenland and Sahara are equally good. Love the boiled peanuts you guys always give. There is no one in Vegas that comes close in any category, plate lunch, Korean etc. Thanks again for being there when I need my fix.
5	It's quite difficult finding meat jun in las Vegas. At Island Favorites, not only do they serve the most ono meat jun but they also have the vast assortment of, well.... island favorites!I was so excited when we discovered this hidden gem on urban spoon and yelp, that my husband and I drove down right away!  It did not disappoint either...many of the other reviews talked about it being a hole in the wall or a non attractive restaurant but on the contrary it is much nicer than many of the Korean restaurants in Hawaii. The atmosphere is quaint and slightly reminiscent of many local Hawaii establishments.The menu had everything I wanted and the service was absolutely terrific!! My husband and I ordered the combo plates and were very pleased by the portions and price.Overall a top notch place with excellent food, service, and experience. You definitely receive Aloha treatment here and I would recommend it to anyone!
5	Great Food, fantastic service and super affordable.  I went here with two friends during a trip last month (July 2010), and we all loved it.  I ordered the Island Pig, which is like a pulled pork with cabbage.  One of us got the combo platter with chicken, short rib (I think?), and this egg coated beef (can't rememb the name).  Last person got the stone pot bibimbap.  All fantastic.The owner was super friendly, and brought us four different kinds of kim chi/pickled vegetables - and refilled them when he brought out our food.   I liked all of them, but particularly liked the bean sprout salad and the cucumbers.  He also brought us gyoza before the food arrived and watermelon for desert.  All for $30. I will definitely, 100% go back the next time I am in Vegas.
5	Good Food! Great Service! A Must Try!A group of us were celebrating our birthdays in Las Vegas and we wanted to try something off the beaten path.  We were all in the mood for Peruvian, yet the place we loved had closed last year.  We hopped on yelp and this is how we came upon Island Style Restaurant.  It was not far from our hotel on the strip, so in minutes we were at the restaurant.  I have to say, do not let the exterior of the building deter you or you'll really be missing out on some great service and tasty food!As we entered, we were quickly greeted by a gentleman with a big smile, asking us if we were hungry?  He quickly sat us and we were given menus and asked what we'd like to drink.  As we waited for drinks, I couldn't help but noticing the food pictures on the wall.  I'm not  big on ordering your meal by the picture, yet that is exactly what I did. It all looked SO GOOD!  We were brought 4 different types of kim chi type vegetables and some boiled peanuts. I can still taste them! Yum!As we asked plenty of questions about the menu, our server, who ended up being the owner, patiently answered all of them making suggestion as we went.  We made a joke about wanting to try it all, and he said "Let's do it!"  He was excited that we were excited to eat and try new things. OK...now to the order.We started off with an appetizer and I'm not sure what they were called, yet they reminded me of an empenada. They were hand made that day, and I regret not taking an order to go!  As for the entrees, my friend and I both ordered the meat combo: egg battered ribeye, short-rib and chicken with spam fried rice. If you love meat, this is your dish!  I am not a spam guy, but the spam fried rice was SO good!  Another had this meat over a bed of rice dish smothered in a thin beef gravy.  I forgot the name, yet it was DELISH!  Our last order wasn't even on the menu.  One of us was hung over, so the owner said, "Let me make you something to cure that hangover."  He brought out this big bowl of soup for my friend, and after tasting it, I ordered a small bowl myself!All in all, a tremendously positive, inexpensive experience with solid, good tasting food!  We have found our new lunch spot in Vegas!  Thank you, Yelp! J~
4	I like this place a lot.  Food is very good and they have the yummy cold noodle dishes that other Korean places rarely have.  Although they could have a little more meat in their cold noodle dishes.
4	I don't particularly care for much Hawaiian food, it's a little heavy on the Spam for my taste, but Island Style on Sahara does the cuisine justice and serves it with as much hospitality as their friends across the Pacific. Better still, only one item on the menu is over $10 and you are generously showered with large portions of free appetizers.We were given addictive boiled peanuts and kimchee, as well as pickled bean sprouts, cucumbers, and radishes, all before we even ordered. The peanuts were the highlight, with the shells enveloping the salty brine they were cooked in so you could enjoy it with your legume. Did I mention they were free?As you may have surmised from the appetizers, Island Style serves "Fusion Korean Food and Island Style Loco Food." Though you may recognize most menu items, many will probably provide you with a learning experience, as they did for me. Don't worry, your uber friendly host will explain each item with big picture menus and photos on the wall so you aren't at a loss for what to order.I passed on my favorite Korean dish, Bi Bim Bap, in favor of the Hot Spicy Beef soup ($9.90). This was served in a massive bowl filled to the brim with shredded beef, glass noodles, mushrooms, scallions, and egg simmered in a paprika broth (think Korean goulash). It was hot and spicy for sure, but not overwhelmingly so, and it kept growing on me sip after sip. Ian ordered the Meat Jun ($8.25), which we both agreed was even better. This dish consists of pounded beef marinated in a sweet and salty shoyu (soy) sauce, that is then coated in egg and pan fried (think paillard francese). It is served with rice, bland macaroni salad (a Hawaiian staple), and more of the incredible shoyu sauce. If you eat meat, get this.We were honestly shocked by how good the food was as it was better than anything we had in Hawaii and there were actually some healthy items as well. The server, who I believe was the owner, couldn't have been more genuine, friendly, and competent. Even if the food wasn't good, we still might have gone back anyway just because of his hospitality. If you want to explore Hawaiian cuisine in Vegas, this is definitely the place to do it
5	Ono Grinds and Hawaiian hospitality from Russell and his wife (didn't get her name). I love the food booth in Greenland but haven't made the stop to the OG location. What better than to go with the Yelp crew and have some Yelpalicious Dishes. Everything people ordered looked good. I got a pork cutlet so I can try out some of their gravy. It's all about the gravy and a weak gravy makes for a okay dish. The gravy here was good on my katsu.  I was eyeing Misti Y.'s soup since she looked like she was enjoying it. Then like as if Russell reads minds, he brought us over a kimchee soup to try- that was pretty good and I gotta order that sometime when I'm feeling like soupy. The peanuts and banchans they served were also fresh and definitely tasted homemade. They have more dishes here offered than their food booth so I will definitely stop by to try those dishes. Mahalo!
5	I have to say....WOW.  Try this place when you get a momemt.1.  Hungry - They will serve huge plates with tons of food. It is a great deal and tasty too.2.  For me - I love Hawaiian food and also cook it at home. Here at Island Style, the mix of great Hawaiian food and excellent Korean food is the best combo.3.  Vege anyone? If you are not a huge meat fan, try their Bi Bim Bop, which is vegetables over rice. With the chili paste called go chu jang (not very hot) mixed it, the taste is well, freakin awesome!4.  Service - For a small place, really great and friendly.5.  I live kind of far from here, but I am trekking back here with the entire family. They will love this place.Get her, try it and come back. Bring your friends. You will find SOMETHING they will like. For the timid, go for the simple combo plate.
5	Perfect! A friend recommended that we have lunch here and I've got to say, best hawaiian food I've had in Vegas so far! Immediately upon coming in I was served with ice cold water, boiled peanuts, kimchee, pickled bean sprouts, and I believe pickled radishes? On top of that the server was on his "A" game. Very nice, and kept our drinks filled. PLUS! In having meat jun for the first time here, I now consider it one of my favorite dishes! All in all, this place is great and I highly recommend it.
3	I would love to give this place more stars, but a couple of things prevent me from doing that.  I do love the fact that they give you boiled peanuts.  I haven't had those since "small keed time" in Hawaii.  Very nostalgic.  The service is fair, the waiter speaking pidgin.  The food is pretty good. We had the homemade mandoo because we saw the lady making them last time.  The meat jun was on the tough side.  I think the beef needs to be sliced thinner for that.  My main complaint is with the kim chee.  It was slimy and not very hot or flavorful.  I didn't even touch it after the first bite, and I am usually the one to polish the thing off.  Maybe I just got a bad batch, but in my opinion, having good kim chee is essential for a Korean restaurant.  My second complaint, no restroom!  What restaurant in this day and age does not have a public restroom?  I guess the three star or less kind.
5	I'll gladly sing the praises everyone is heaping on Island Style.  This is exactly the kind of restaurant I love no matter the cuisine, and Russell serves all sorts of Hawaiian/Korean so very good, scratch that, not good, great.  My only complaint is they are so far from my house.    Every meal comes with boiled peanuts, and I've been served kimchi, and bean sprouts with my meals.  Your glass is never empty and if you are drinking water quickly you'll get a pitcher.  I've had the tea on each visit too and will get it again.    I've enjoyed their combo platter and very hot (both in spice and temperature) seafood & tofu soup.  Experience the food for yourself, I'm sure you won't be disappointed.  Island Style may be a small family run "hole in the wall" (a term I use with much respect and endearment) restaurant in a strip mall however has a rare combination of excellent food, warm attentive staff and more than reasonable prices compared to the servings you receive.  So long as I'm live in Las Vegas I'll be a customer of Island Style.
4	Real Hawaiian food from island transplants. First time visit was a winner. Our party had chicken katsu, roast beef with brown gravy and meat jun. All were winners. We are already planning to come back to taste the rest of the menu.
5	"MAH SHI SUH!"     "ONO!"I just haadd to say "delicious" in both Korean and Hawaiian. Island Style is quite the hole-in-the-wall. Now I am aware they have added a new location in the Greenland Supermarket food court, but I urge you to try it's original location first. It's a little mom and pop restaurant located in the middle of an older business complex. It seems very modest from the outside, as the small establishment is covered by highly reflective film on its storefront. Nonetheless, from the moment you walk in, there's a overwhelming feeling of coziness. It is furnished nicely with wood flooring and homely decorations, which provide a nice and warm environment to eat in. It reminds me of being in someones own kitchen, especially since the owners are extremely genuine and welcoming. On to the goodies. I've been here several times, and it's often a struggle to decide whether to choose something from the Korean menu or the Hawaiian side. Both are equally solid. I have a few favorites on the Korean side, the stand-outs being the Casseroles and the Cold Buckwheat Noodle soup (Neng Myuhn), which is THE BEST IN TOWN. I live in the far Southwest side of town, and when I get a craving for Neng Myuhn, I take the 20 minute drive without hesitation. For those of you who haven't had this dish, you might be a little intrigued over a noodle-based soup that is served... well, cold. It is mainly a summer dish, but plenty still enjoy it throughout the colder seasons. The ingredients are fairly simple. The soup consists of a beef broth, is chilled, the served with thin and stringy buckwheat noodles. The garnishes are what really tie this dish together; sliced lean beef brisket, julienned cucumber, sliced Asian pears, pickled radish, and half of a hard-boiled egg adorned with sesame seed sprinkles. You are also presented with white vinegar and hot Korean mustard paste, both are things that I add to mine. The reason why Island Style's Buckwheat Noodle soup reigns supreme is because their broth is perfectly seasoned and the noodles glutinous texture is just right, or "al dente", if you will. If you haven't had this yet, and are a fan of Korean cuisine, I strongly suggest you try this, regardless of the temperature outside.Island Style's Hawaiian fare also delivers, and it's apparent because this place is frequented by Vegas's local Hawaiians. I've tried most of their offerings, which consist of the usual favorites. My personal go-to dish tends to be the mixed plate, with the Meat Jun often being the first to disappear from my plate. I do recall them having a few specialty Hawaiian items on Thursdays, such as Kalua Pork & Cabbage and Ahi Poki which were delightful as well. There really isn't much else to add, except.... BOILED PEANUTS?! OMNOMNOMNOM. Oh and the Fried Mandu (Pork Dumplings) are also worthy of being labeled best in town. Hand-made daily.Anyways, Island Style never fails to provide a quality meal in warm, homely atmosphere by owners who really seem to enjoy taking care of their local, and first time customers.
5	Hole in the wall restaurant.....checkSketchy location with nearby "massage business" ....checkNot sure if we should enter with my 71 year old mother-in-law and 3 year old daughter....checkGreat reviews on Yelp.....CheckThe owner makes this place.  He is so happy you come in to eat as if you had just walked into his house.  The menu may not be for folks who aren't use to the cuisine but the kimchi was great, the dishes were great with good portions and the service was warm and inviting.  He was even able to prepare a dish off the menu for my daughter.I am an out of towner but the next time back in Vegas when we want hawaiian BBQ with a Korean flare (or is it the other way around) we will be back with the only difference is the absence of hesitation to enter.
4	Russel is a funny guy. Very warm and welcoming, and makes you feel like you're at his house attending a family party! He's from the Big Island, so it's not surprising! I love that this place is a hole-in-the-wall also. The food here is great! Not the top of my list, but definitely worth a visit every time I'm on/near Sahara! I usually get the BBQ Combo, because it comes with a LOAD of stuff, and the Stone Pot (Dolsot) Bibimbap is worth mentioning too. I also like that boiled peanuts and side dishes are served almost immediately after taking a seat.They also have a booth in Greenland Supermarket! I haven't made my way to that one just yet, but i'm sure they've still got it goin' on!
4	Complete hole in the wall place that if you don't know about it you will drive right by it without stopping.  If it hadn't been for Yelp I would never have found out about this place, and that thought makes me sad.  The owner Russel runs the small dining room, and his wife is the cook in the kitchen.  He's a really upbeat guy who greets you when you walk in the door and is really helpful with deciding what to have.  He asked me if I was hungry and he immediately told me to get the combo when I said yes.  Boy was he right, it was delicious, and the perfect amount of food, and for $9.50 I feel it was a great deal.  I would recommend listening to what he tells you you should order, and I really like that he explains what everything is if you've never had it before.  Overall, a great experience and I will undoubtedly be going back there many times.
5	My sincere thanks for the Yelpers who led us to this jewel!  The owner stocks the genuine Hawaiian Style drinks and I got a hit of my favorite which was guava.  Got the kalbi  and this much mentioned meat jun.  I started in on the kalbi, tender, well-marinated, very satisfying, but really loved the kimchee and the diced pickled radishes that were served first.  Then tried DH's meat jun.  OMG!  This is a new flavor and texture for me AND it was fantastic!!  Thinly sliced ribeye covered in egg that was fluffy that you dip into a teriyaki sauce.  The owner came over and added some bean sprouts and ate everything for under $20!!!  Worth the cab ride off the Strip.
5	I can definitely see why this place gets such solid 4.5 + stars reviews.  The food is excellent and Russell is the coolest and warmest host ever!  Don't let the unassuming location/restaurant exterior fool you.  Everything inside - the food and the people will surprise you in delight.  My fiance and I shared a Combo Plate.  Russell didn't mind at all and even offered us extra Mac Salad.  The chicken, the egg beef, and the short ribs were full of flavor.  The banchans were so good, I could eat them with rice by themselves!  We actually tried going back this past Sunday but it was closed.  We were so disappointed!  But we will definitely visit next time we're in Vegas again.
4	Yes, it is in a dumpy little strip mall, & yes it is absolutely worth the trip.  Spectacular service, tons of free tastes.  Such an amazing selection of unique tastes & flavors.  Cannot wait to return!
5	Korean & Hawaiian deliciousness disguised as a hole in the wall. Don't be too quick  to fall for all the fancy hip places my fellow fans of flavor. From Asian Pacific Islanders to East Coasters know that the best places to get your taste buds a fix is that the least suspecting places. This hole in the wall offers not just home run flavor Korean but also many Hawaiian favorites from Chicken Katsu to boiled peanuts. Me & my family have always been big Korean fans and finding a good place in Las Vegas has been hard for quite some time, but when we discovered Island Style we find ourselves stepping in their doors anytime we crave Korean food.  The Kalbi is excellent, but my favorite is the Meat Jun! They have plenty of tasty appetizers to pick from, large portions, reasonably prized, and the owners are so friendly! They are always either helping customers or working in the kitchen and their dedication has payed off! Everything I order here is consistently great, and the owners are so friendly they offer great help in making a good choice.  I have some Vegan & Vegetarian friends and as much as I love this place it probably wouldn't be my first choice seeing as how it's a largely meat based menu. Overall I back this place hard with 5 stars & if you're local and haven't tried you are missing the boat! Wether it's just you & a friend, or you & a family it's very accommodating and much more spacious than it looks. All this talk is making me crave some Boiled Peanuts & Chicken Katsu, I must fix this ASAP. Hope you enjoy your visit to Island Style!
5	I found this place looking for Hawaiian food in Vegas that was well rated and also inexpensive. I was done with the strip buffets so I tried Island Style for lunch. The food and owner were so good that I went back for dinner.For lunch I decided to get the Combo due to the reviews here. The steamed peanuts were very nice and Russel gave me tons (too many given how much food was yet to come). The pickled radish was great, but the kimchi was a bit bland and squishy. But when Russel saw me eating the kimchi he asked if I liked kimchi and I said yes. He then brought out a large leaf of cabbage and cut it into pieces for me at the table. It turned out to be kimchi that was aged longer and it was wonderful! Nice and crisp with a good bite and more heat. Then the Combo came. The portions were very generous and I enjoyed everything. I sadly couldn't finish the macaroni salad because I was stuffed. Russel then brought out a bunch of sheets of dried seaweed and I finished them off. They were a perfect light salty ending to the meal. Then when I paid he charged me only for the combo, adding nothing for the extra kimchi and seaweed.That night I had the Saimin (noodle soup). The noodles were very well cooked with just enough firmness. The soup was tasty, and the small bowl was plenty given that I had stuffed myself at lunch. If you are a local or have a car when you visit you definitely have to eat here.
5	when your gps leads you to an old strip mall parking lot, no need to double-check! it doesn't look like it, but you're really here! let your husband/boyfriend check it out while you wait in the car for his nod of approval as he stands at the partially opened restaurant door, and quickly make your way (but lock your car) to... great service and the best meat jun, korean bbq and hawaiian food in vegas!our reward for a 4-hour drive to vegas is here for lunch with the family! on our drive back home to california, we have two pit-stops... gas station and here again! :)
5	I've been itchin' to go here for a while now and finally made some time to have a late lunch here. It was quite a drive for me, especially when my usual Hawaiian BBQ of choice is so much closer. But, I'd drive the distance to try a new place or to have some exceptional food, without a doubt!There was a party of 4 and another party of 2 dining and a gentleman behind the counter/register, nobody else. Must of been the off peak hours.. Shortly after I entered the shop, I had a seat and the man greeted me with that typical island swag (real mellow and inviting). We had some small talk and I found out he was the owner. I told him that I really love Hawaiian food and that I drove across town, passed several other places alike, just to have a try. He became interestingly ecstatic and started suggesting what to order. Mann, the way he was talking about his wife's cooking (she's the chef/cook), I was convinced that he'd lead me the right direction! (he even showed me visuals too, actual photos of their food)Starters that I did not ask for! All on the house!Hot Tea: with the cool weather nowadays, this helpedBoiled Peanuts: just as the name says, simple pre-game snack Napa cabbage & Radish, both prepared korean style: I liked munchin' on these. They're actually Outstanding!Fried Mandu: 5 pieces of fried mini empanada looking things and dipping sauce. Pretty Good Actual order:Combo (Kalbi, Meat Jun & BBQ Chicken): nicely portioned for one hungry person. The included Macaroni salad was creamy, mildly flavored and a bit softer in texture than I'm used to. Kalbi was real tasty, cooked right (just enough, not over done) and ripped right off the bones. BBQ Chicken was better than any I've had (in regards to hawaiian bbq chicken)! And I purposely saved the Best for last, the Meat Jun! Its a thin cut of ribeye steak dipped in egg! The steak had a mild balanced sweet/salty flavor and was so tender (like ribeye should be) but I'm talking about as soft as the egg! I'm thinking that the butcher must of pounded the living @#$% out of it cause I could of sliced that thing with the handle of my knife! Not only that, it seemed the egg had a hint of some sorta cake/vanilla flavor in it that totally caught me off guard. Combine that with the steak and this soy based looking dipping sauce....I was SPEECHLESS! I Almost shed a tear, a tear of happiness of course! Do NOT Pass This Up!Side of Gravy: just wanted to try it and I'm glad I did! Not as thick as I've had at other places and more dark brown in appearance.. Great, just like everything else!After the meal, the owner brought me a little bowl (sample) of the their Saimin soup. Piping hot, a tad salty and Soooooothing!Hawaiian BBQ & Korean Fusion at its Finest!!! Food was Very Impressive and absolutely made with True Passion, Love and Evident Skills!! The Owner's Service was Top Notch, More than Generous, Humble and Sincere! ROCK SOLID 5 STARS!!!!!
5	I was in the neighborhood for lunch and I was so pleased the other day when I first experienced this place, so I came back for more!The owner remembered me and had that same pleasing and chill attitude! Brought over the boiled peanuts quickly and took my order promptly as well:Fish Jun: Alaska Pollock Fish Fillet dipped/wrapped in egg! I loved the Meat Jun so I wanted to try the fish version this time. Well, it was the same difference!! So Mother Freakin' Good!! Soo "ONO" as the islanders would say! Once its dipped in their sauce, its a done deal. I had to ask what was the origin of the "----- Jun".... The Owner told me that it was Koreans in Hawaii that started making this back in the day.. Gamsahabnida! (Thank you!) Koreans from Hawaii! I was also brought the napa cabbage, radish and sprouts (korean sides). On top of that, a small bowl of hot Saimin soup to cleanse the palate. Nice! Again, A Completely Positive Experience!!
4	My second first time.I first came here in 1994, when I was a wee student homesick for some local kine grinds.  There was no L & L those days, so we'd have to make the trek all the way up Sahara to get here.  Short story long, no matter strong my craving, it was tough to get here and it was lost to memory.Fast forward to 2010 and, thanks to Yelp and Misti Y, this place is back on my radar.  It's still a haul from my hood, but I HAD to give it a try.  Walking in the door was, well, strange.  It looked and felt completely different.  Gone was the darkness (not sure if they even turned on the lights back in the day), the drink cooler up front and the booths.  Apparently, three renovations makes a difference.Anyway, enough with the memories and down to business: the food.  There were four adults and two kids in our party, so we took the big table up close to the counter.  We were readily greeted with boiled peanuts and juices for the kids (it was pretty amazing to watch how an entire can of juice can make kids bounce of walls).  We were also brought never-ending dishes of different types of kim chee, which always seemed to be empty when I looked for it.  The mandoo was especially tasty, definitely not the kind you get from the market.  Our meals were onolicious and no one left hungry or a plate empty.  I like this place, but it's so far out of my normal eating radius.  I hope to be back before another 16 years elapses.
4	I came here last week after going all over town running errands....by the time I arrived at Island Style I was starving! I'm glad the owner brought over the radishes and kimchee while I waited for my Kalbi combo. I usually like to eat them with my rice but I needed to snack on something quick!  They were really good it had just the right amount of spice in it. The Kalbi combo came with macaroni salad and white rice. The portions are pretty big so I ended up taking half of it home. The Kalbi was nice and tender and the mac salad was tasty. I also liked the fact they served regular hamburgers so my husband can eat something that is familiar to him. When I usually take him to Asian places to eat and he orders a hamburger they usually taste sweet which he finds awkward . He says the burger and fries here are good and they are cheap too!
5	This place is my favorite cold noodle place :)I've been going this place for over 5 years..I know the owner and her family.foods are really good and prices are awsome!It is best to have cold noodle in  mostly summer but it is still good to have cold noodle in Winter too!I love their cold noodle and gal-bi.My other friends who wants to eat something else..they always get combination dishes..it is delicious too.Another thing about this place is the service is really great! Owner's husband is working at the Sahara location and owner is working at the Greenland location..they both are very friendly and try to give you the best service :)I love this place so much!!I really really love cold noodle so I tried everywhere in LasVegas but this place is the best!
4	I guess my family does know good places to go eat. I remember I used to come to this restaurant like years years I mean 5-6 years ago and it was because of their nangmyeun. The lady here is nice and super friendly when I come here. She chats with my Grama up in Korean and I'm like whatevs as longs as i'm nom nom noming and being left alone.
4	Island Style isn't a destination-type of restaurant like Lotus of Siam or Michael Mina. It's a neighborhood restaurant but it does a pretty good job with Korean food.I ordered the combination plate, which came with ghalbi, meat jun and grilled chicken. The ghalbi was excellent and that's what earns it a four-star rating from me. Really good grilled flavor. The meat jun is like an omelet and it was nice too. The grilled chicken was petty much standard grilled chicken.Island Style is a fusion Korean and Hawaiian restaurant and I guess that showed in my meal with the inclusion of macaroni salad with the meat and steamed rice. It was nice, too. There were only two banchan dishes, white radish kim chee and cabbage kim chee. But the dishes were quite large for banchan. The white radish kim chee was a stand out. It was a pretty good version. The kim chee at Island Style is not especially spicy but still good.If I were to go back, I'd skip the combo and just order a plate of ghalbi. But it looks like there's other good things on the menu, too.
4	If you like Korean/island food...this is the place. The place is local hawaiian influenced....The service is top notch.
5	ALOHA: 10/10 starsFOOD: 10/10 starsLocation: still a 10Party of 3: barely $30We ordered: loco moco with 2 patties and 2 eggs with gravy ALL over, pork cutlet, & bul-go-gi. All soooo ONO! I asked if they served dessert and Uncle straight busted out some cold asian pears, cut up and served on a platter especially for us. THEEE BEST service ever period.  After moving to the mainland 7 months ago, this place sure made me feel like I was back home!! It's my new favorite place when I hit up Vegas!  So please, go check  em out!
5	Aloha Las Vegas Yelpers!!!So my search for amazing Hawaiian food continues on the 9th island called Las Vegas! :DI've been living in Las Vegas for a month now and every week that goes by,,, I'm coming across new businesses to get my grind on! Love it!Came here recently with my ex roomie from LA... she never had Hawaiian food before, so it was exciting for me to have her go through the experience with me driving.I was craving Kalbi, so I went with the Kalbi and meat jun mix plate :)) and I suggested my friend to hit up the fried noodles!Russell is super nice and to top it off... he's from Hilo on the Big Island... ahhh small world... I'm from Hilo! He knew my uncle too! funny, but not surprising.Free parking. Casual dining. Indoor seating only. Great customer service. Helper picture menu. You'll def find the Aloha spirit here!I can't wait to come back and try other yummy local food!Stop by Island Style for your local fix (hawaiian & korean) ... tell Russell I sent you!Mahalo Island Style for making me feel like I'm still back home in Hawaii!- Miss Yelp 2011
3	I raelly really wanted to write a great review for this place, i love hole in the wall joints that are cheap and friendly...and thats what this is for sure.Not much to look at, and minimal decor. The food is in large portions, and tasty.The free boiled peanuts and the fried mandu dumplings were the highlights.Hot Rock Pot BI Bim Bop was soso, so was the combo plate...the BBQ and kalbi were the highlights of the combo.Nice service, very personable, friendly.I might go back, because of the funkiness and friendliness of the guy there, but the food was just ok.
4	Talk about an upgrade! I haven't been by to visit this place in awhile but they completely remodeled the inside. They have beautiful textured blue and brown painted walls. They even have a flat screen equipped on the wall where they're currently playing the food network channel! WOOT WOOT!I always get their meat jun because it's awesome. I'll have to explore the menu more, but as far as customer service goes, they're super friendly and make sure your experience is the bestest.
5	The owner here was so nice to my friend and I when we ate here. He offered both the Hawaiian and Korean styles of kimchee and iced tea. I ordered Bi Bim Bap and my friend ordered the combo plate. We were both happy with our food and the portions were perfect. For anyone hungry for Hawaiian or Korean, come here and you won't be disappointed. Great service and good food.
5	Amazing Hawaiian Food
5	Came here for the Meat Jun and left with so much more.First off, the banchan consisted of the standard cabbage and radish kimchi PLUS boiled peanuts! The boiled peanuts were delicious and complimentary! I had to refrain myself from eating too much so I still had room for the meat jun.I got the combo, which had the chicken teriyaki, galbi (short ribs), and meat jun. The chicken and galbi is juicy, tender and flavorful, but the meat jun was the real centerpiece.Meat jun is a fusion dish originating from Korean immigrants in Hawaii I believe. It's basically a tender piece of marinated beef pan-fried with a beaten egg. The marinade is a little sweet and has some soy sauce flavor. It compliments the tender, juicy beef perfectly. Add an egg and it's a unique and tasty dish! Highly recommended!The tea they serve is very good too. "Polygonatum tea" apparently.Lastly, the service was amazing. The waiter/owner was very attentive with tea refills. He also told us about his experience in Hawaii, the special tea, and the meat jun. One of the greatest restaurants in terms of food, service, and even artwork on the walls! Try the meatjun! You won't find it anywhere else!
5	Okay so aloha kitchen was one of my favs to go eat at for lunch, then I discovered this place. You cannot get anymore customer friendly, and customer pleasing than this place OMG!! Everything is homemade and seriously tastes like your eating at someone's house super good!!! While you wait they serve you peanuts MMMMmmmMMm and kimchi. NO JOKE BEST KIMCHI IN VEGAS (other than my mother in laws) I have had every dish here (yes if you read my other reviews I LOVE TO EAT!) and am yet to be disappointed, only thing that I would change is make the spicy pork a bit spicier and for them to offer POKE! This place has been in business for 18 years for a reason! Stop in and you will not be disappointed with anything that you order or the service provided by the owner himself!
5	OMG... I found my favorite Korean/Hawaiian spot! Service was awesome. Russell the owner was so friendly! He makes you feel like he appreciates your business.  Between the Hubby and I, we tried the combo plate (kalbi, BBQ chicken, meat Jun), hamburger steak, macaroni salad, mandoo, kim chee, daikon and bean sprouts. They were all outstanding. And Hubby likey very much. Kim chee never tasted so fresh and I don't even like bean sprouts. I cannot tell you enough how friendly Russell is. And who gives you extra mac salad? He does! I made sure he knew how much I appreciated his warm "hawaiian" hospitality by leaving him a nice tip. We wont wait too long to return.
5	Too bad I can't rate it more than five stars... da place deserves 10 stars, brah - it's that onolicious! After months of eating crappy food on Kwajalein it's like reaching an oasis of flavors! (I'm on vacation on the mainland from 'the rock' for a couple of weeks.)A note to foodie snobs... this place may look more like a hole in the wall rather than a gourmet restaurant, but don't dis the place because of its appearance - you're missing out on some awesome food!Took my brother along for lunch after we ran a couple of errands. After an appetizer of fried mandoo and the usual banchan I had the combo plate (meat jun, kalbi and BBQ chicken) and he went with the roast beef and gravy plate lunch. Neither one of us left anything on the plate when we finished. Yes, its that good!Russell, the owner is a very friendly person choke full of the 'aloha spirit' and it rubs off on the wait staff as well. We didn't have to wait very long for our meals - I'd say it was already piping hot and on our table in less than ten minutes.Definitely a must eat place in Sin City - and you got a customer for life! (Whenever I get some time off on parole from 'the rock'.)
5	So glad we found this place! Hubby found it on Yelp and we decided to take the kids and try it out. Food was great with very generous portions! I had dolsot bibim bap, hubby had meat jun, kids had saimin and spam musubi. But aside from the delicious food, the hospitality was unlike any we've ever experienced! From the moment we stepped in, we were treated like family. We were completely blown away by the generosity and kindness of our server. He was friendly and chatty with us, but not overly intrusive. Felt like we were old friends. He even brought us boiled peanuts, fried mandu, and sodas for the kids, on the house! I will recommend this place to all my friends when they visit Vegas! It is truly special and is THE place to get your Hawaiian/Korean food fix and Ohana!
4	This is the first Korean/Hawaiian place I've been too and surprisingly, the combination really works! I would not have found this place if it weren't for the help of Yelp. After a day of shopping in Vegas, we definitely needed a good priced place to give us some delicious-ness for dinner. The number one thing that struck me was the friendliness of our host. He encouraged us to sit in a bigger table for our party of 4 and did not hesitate to pour us some good tea. I settled for the traditional Korean dish of Bibimbap and was not disappointed!Their menu offers a variety of Hawaiian and Korean choices and I wish I had the stomach to try everything at once. Their side dishes were very tasty and I would not mind coming back to try their cold noodle dishes :)
4	4.5 ono stars!This was a true lesson in "not judging a book by its cover".  When we pulled up into the sketchy parking lot of Island Style, my husband had some hesitation and suggested we go somewhere else.  But, I told him that people I trusted on Yelp recommended it- so let's just take a look.  Well, when we opened the door- we were welcomed by the owner, Russell like we were "ohana"- and the place was pretty packed with Korean, Filipino, and Hawaiian diners. I am so glad we stepped inside because it truly reminded me of my favorite family owned restaurants in Hawaii! I ordered the combo plate and instantly fell in love with the Meat Jun.  It was my first time trying it, and it will definitely not be my last.  My husband ordered the Stone-Pot Bimimbap and said it was the best he has ever had.  We also ordered a couple Spam Musubi because I can't eat hawaiian food without having some good ol' spam, and the seaweed wrapper was perfectly crunchy. Throw in some delicious good sized plates of banchan- and we were a happy bunch.  If I didn't show some restraint, I would have filled up completely on the kimchi (which is homemade by his wife). Russell's friendly hospitality was awesome. He even offered to change the TV channel to some cartoons for our toddler- but I told him to leave it on Jeopardy because if she is watching TV, she won't eat. We chatted a bit, and he told us that his wife runs the Island Style at Greenland Market.  Well, the next day- we actually made a trip down to Greenland- and my husband ordered a plate of Meat Jun just for himself this time and loved every bite!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. My second review, yes--but I wanted to see if I could add a sixth star. Came back here three more times, and every single time the owner has come out and talked to me. He's such a great guy and totally boosts this place. GO GO GO.
5	Felt at home in this place, since its all japanese, korean and hawaiian.We were greeted by Russell, the owner, who was incredibly friendly.Got some good hot tea and ordered a combo plate and the spicy cold noodles side order of meat jun and a spam musubi .he brought us some fresh hot fried dumplings that were really really good. he said they came with the combo plate but I think he was just being nice and letting us try. so good!Also brought us some kimchi that was really good too.Food came out quick and hot. good size portion plate. Everything on combo plate was delicious! Meat Jun is really really bomb, you just need to dip it in the sauce!!Surprised by the spicy cold noodle dish my girlfriend ordered, wow it was super good!BEST PART of the whole experience was great service and homestyle family feel.Russell asked us if we lived in the area and we told him no we had a long drive back home. He boxed up the leftovers real nice for us and then reached in the cooler and hooked it up with two cold bottles of water for the car ride. DUDE what at nice guy yea?Thanks again Russell! that little bit of Aloha really made the 9 hour drive home a lot better and my stomach was happy the whole way.We will be back to see you overtime were in vegas! Mahalo!
5	Las Vegas is blessed with many terrific Hawaiian restaurants, but only one spectacular one:  Island Style.  While Island Style's menu certainly  holds its own against its competition, its true advantage lies in its affable, long-time owner, Russell.  His enthusiasm for his offerings is as unprecedented as it is well-deserved.  My family and I have enjoyed nearly every item on his menu, and we have yet to be disappointed.  During our most recent visit, Russell even went so far as to invite us to call him if we ever would like to try to cook one of his specialties at our home in Houston.  Not a chance!  We shall continue to let the master do his work in the kitchen while we sip hot tea and eat boiled peanuts in his dining room.  Do not be fooled by the storefront and off-strip location.  Island Style is the best bet that you will ever make in Las Vegas.
5	So we were in Las Vegas for a few days and wanted to eat off the strip. We looked up to see what was on yelp and Island Style came up so we decided to check it out. We exited the 15 and headed out to the location. When we arrived we asked could this really be the location? The location is in a tiny strip mall. We decided to walk in. What a surprise, the place was really clean and we were greated by a welcoming man by the name of Russell. We ordered the spicy pork and the combo plate. All of the food was awesome I couldn't choose a favorite. The tea was some of the best tea I have had, Russell was nice enough to show me the bag so I could get some later. This is some of the best food my wife and I have had. We will always stop here when in Vegas or close by. We even joked that we may have to move to Las Vegas just to be able to eat here. I am already craving the next trip.
5	So nice to get some real "local kine grindz" away from home! Onolicious food! Reasonable prices, esp when they don't charge for da drinks! Great service! I had been craving some good bi bim kook soo for sooo long, and theirs did not disappoint! This restaurant is a must!!!
5	After reading all the positive reviews here, my wife and I made this a high priority meal once we moved to town. What a great decision!As others have said, the owner, Russell, was beyond inviting. He was helpful and friendly, making great suggestions and bringing us more than one thing for free (bean sprouts, guava juice, Korean tea, a doughnut...). For our meal, we each had the combo, which includes the excellent meat jun, a teriyaki sort of flavored chicken kabob, and kal'bi, which was absolutely a destination dish (a dish that brings you back to a place). The food was amazing, matching service perfectly.Please don't skip this place based on the store front or location (an old strip mall on the South side of Sahara). It was an great meal with great service for a great value.
5	Russell strikes again... With super friendly island hospitality, no wonder we keep on returning to enjoy Island Style every time we visit Las Vegas! Not only was the combo amazing, but the Saimin was to die for too. He served us Korean Polygonatum tea, which has a mild and  unique toasted taste, but this time he also offered a whole sour kimchi plate that was incredible and super flavorful.Our favorite is still the beef jun, which is a lightly breaded thinly sliced beef steak with flavor to spare, it simply melts in your mouth.You cannot get better service anywhere else, Russell is simply the warmest and most generous restauranteur you'll ever meet, he really loves to share his island cuisine with everyone, and not only leave with a super full stomach, but we leave happy as we just had visited a friend's home.Island Style is unique in every way, and you must make it a stop in Las Vegas... It sure beats buffets, because you never leave hungry, and they take real good care of you!
5	Da owner Russell is da bomb! He reminds me of my unko's back home! Food is always good n plenty n there's always extra goodies thrown in, very affordable n always a good time! If u from da islands u gotta stop by bcuz it will feel like home :)
5	Whenever people go to Vegas people tend to stay on the strip and go to the touristy hot spots, but when I went to Vegas this past weekend I wanted to venture to eat at places that was off the strip. Some of my friends have been here previously and told me how amazing the food was and how nice the owners are. So a big group of my friends and I went here for lunch. I got: -combination plate: the beef jun is sooo sooo good. -fried mondu: very fresh and light tasting -spam msubui: I love spam and its prepared fresh and made with a little bit of sauce in it -Kimchee and pickled radish: its so fresh and yummy. I couldn't stop eating it! Everything on the menu looks so good. It was really hard for my friends and I to make a deciosn of what to get. The owners are so nice here. I will make sure to stop by this place every time I am in Vegas. Food was really good and you can tell all the locals love going to this place. One of my favorite meals in Vegas!
4	Have used them for catering to a few clients of mine in the medical industry. Their food is always well received and fairly priced.  Check it out if you haven't already.
5	Nice casual place to get some grub. We stopped by before starting our drive back home, so we were the first ones there that day. The guy there was really chill, but helpful.Food was good. The kimchi and other items they give you to munch on were excellent.
4	This is a great place for food. Stopped by because I actually saw this place on Yelp and went for it and I was not disappointed! The food was good and filling. But the guy was really friendly and made me and my friends feel welcome.
4	Surprisingly, I have never heard about this place till one of my friends told me about this place. This place has been in Vegas for about 17 years (give or take) and have never heard about it till now! I'm from Hawai'i and I haven't heard about it from my fam and Hawaiian friends that live here. I only found out about it thru a friend (who's originally from NY). Maybe I use to go here with an ex and I just blocked it all out from my memory. Lol. it's a small place, and easy to miss when your driving down sahara in traffic and all the construction. Once we got there, it was not busy, a quiet relaxing place to have a meal. They got a wide screen tv w/ the basketball game on. We were greeted and served by the owner. He got the pidgin accent. I love that, always make me feel like I'm back home. the menu is simple, that's good for people like me who can love everything on the menu and have a hard time deciding what to get. This is the first place I've been to that has fish jun! My favorite Korean-Hawaiian dish is meat jun, but I wanted to try this. I'm the adventurous type so I always like to try new things. I like the appetizers here. It's different than other Korean restaurants. They got the kimchee, pickled potatoes?, and some other ones. They were all soooo good! I couldn't eat a lot of it, so I stuffed the rest in my take out box hehe. My friends didn't care for it, lucky me... I had it all to myself! I appreciate it when the owners are able to serve and chat a little bit with us. it seems humble. I told him I love meat jun, but this is the first time I've had fish jun. He said the next time we come in he'll make zucchini jun for us, right on!!! it's not on the menu. The meat jun is pretty good, but Soon's meat jun  in salt lake, Oahu, Hawai'i tops my list. but this will be my go to spot for anything jun in Vegas. Oh yah, I like that they give a delicious tea at the end of your meal, no charge. :)One con is that it's a bit of a drive for me coming from east Henderson. maybe that's another reason why I've haven't heard about this place.They've got other locations in Vegas, but this is the one to go to. Others have tried the other locations, and all said it's not the same!
5	Wow! From the moment my family first walked in until we drove off the parking lot, we felt as if we were eating at a locals only favorite restaurant in Hawaii. Yes, we've been to the real ones in Hawaii with college roommates from there. The owner greeted us and served us as if we were dear and regular patrons. The dude is just really cool, and he totally put us in the Island spirit. The food was just awesome! Since Hawaiian influence on the Korean food tends to make it sweeter, I suggest that you order a combination of spicy and regular dishes. Ask the owner for suggestions. I loved the combo plate. And, the price is the best deal in Vegas. This is now my favorite restaurant in Vegas!
5	If I could give this spot 100 stars, I would. I just moved to Vegas from Seattle and have been desperately seeking a new Hawaiian spot. This place is second to none. The flavors are amazing, the quality is superb, and the environment is SO warm and inviting. I'm a bit of a snob and was nervous looking from the outside in, but when I walked in I was pleasantly surprised to find a clean, nicely decorated restaurant. This place is AMAZING and if you try it you will be a happy as I am. The chicken katsu and kalbi beef short ribs are the best items on their menu.
5	Thank you yelp for pointing me to this spot! I took my family there on our last day in Vegas before the drive back to AZ. Quick example of the hospitality and service we received before I review how wonderful the food is...We arrived just before noon and made our way to a corner table next to the soda cooler. There was another patron waiting for her carry out order sitting next to us. While we were looking at the menu, the carry out order came out and the customer left. Before we knew it, Russell came out and insisted we moved to the next table. He was concerned that we'd be uncomfortable from the heat coming off the refrigerator. It may not seem like a big thing, but just the fact he'd go out of his way to make sure we were comfortable before we could feel any discomfort was so refreshing! I read all the other reviews talking about how genuine Russell is, but you can't believe it until you experience it.Now, the food! After reading other reviews, I needed to make sure we sampled as much as we could and I can honestly say Russell delivers! My oldest son had the combo (bbq chicken, kalbi ribs, and meat jun), my youngest had the saimin, my wife the spicy beef soup, and I had the Bi Bim Bap. I'm am so happy we tried all the different dishes. No one was disappointed with what they got. The food came out fast, hot, and in huge portions. It was everything we could hope for and then some.One other observation I can't pass up. The place has such a neighborhood feel to it. The dining room filled up quickly after we arrived with locals that were obvious regulars.  It almost felt like a backwards "Cheers". Instead of everyone greeting Norm coming to the bar, greetings of "Hey Russell!" from the majority of the people walking in the door!Russell is so inviting and his food is so comforting, I wish him nothing but years of success. I know I'll be back as soon as we go back to Vegas! Mahalo!
4	this is why I love Yelp so much. I would have never found this place had it not been for Yelp. It's in the middle of nowhere. It's in a schlocky strip mall which had me slightly skeptical upon arrival. Walking in the place was pretty warm and there were flies flying around. The owner said he would be right over and the natives stared @ us. As we waited a few minutes I started to worry that this was going to be a miss. (I understand Nathan Y's review) However, once the food started flying and the owner began razz-ma-tazzing with my party, we had a great time and meal.~ Loved the boiled peanuts~ Loved the veggie apps: bean sprouts, Napa cabbage and turnups, he brought us a second batch.~ My teenage nephews (human garbage cans, or robotic eating machines, take your pick) were tapping uncle with the gut-bombs that were fried rice and 5 egg omelets.~ My bro had the combo plate with the ribs, chicken & egg mixture. He said he would order it again.~ I had the Teriyaki Pork. I had to ask what cut it was, I thought belly since it was thin and like bacon. It's pork loin cut really thin and marinated. It was one of the best pork dishes I've ever had. It has a sweet taste, it eats like candy. Really, really good & I don't care for sweet dishes by and large.Great place, that is a hike, but worth the hike. Very cool owner working the front while his wife cooks in back. 5 stars for the food. The place itself would be a hole without the food and owners jivin' & cookin'.
4	Russell is the kind of business owner that makes you feel at home in his restaurant.  At home as in giving you the TV remote to change the channel, bringing you boiled peanuts when you politely decline (and then letting you take the peanuts home because you didn't finish them) and chatting with you when things have calmed down for him.  And it certainly doesn't hurt that the food is delicious as well!During my visits I've gotten three banchan: radish, kimchi and bean sprouts.  All of it delicious, all of it hard to not ask for refills; gotta save room for the entrees!  I've had the Dolsot Bibimbap and the Fish Jun.  The Bibimbap delivers well, and the Fish Jun portion is huge!  Two very large filets battered and fried.  Not only was Russell generous with the fish, he also kept offering to bring me more rice when he saw I had eaten it all!  He seriously wants to do everything in his power to make sure you enjoy your meal, and he does that with flying colors.
5	Great Korean food, friendly personal service.  Don't be put off by the strip-mall placement, and mirrored windows.  So glad we decided to eat here.
5	Loved the expirience. Food was delicious, I just wish it was a little more spicy... but then again, I didn't ask, so its my fault. :) Russell was awesome, made all of us feel very comfortable and relaxed during our first forray into Hawaiian/Korean food.  Will most definitely be coming again! (P.S. Everything we had was delicious, but i liked the meat Jun and the korean cold noodles best). Loved the peanuts!!
5	This place is awesome! They serve you kimchee and boiled peanuts to start the meal off with and i had the spicy noodles Oh my when it came to the table with a pair of scissors i knew i was in trouble.But the owner came over and showed this white girl how to eat the amazing cold noodles served with warm broth and he even brought us a dough nut that we didn't order but gladly ate. I want to go back and try something from the Hawaiian side of the menu Yumm. And the service was top notch!
5	What a find!Let's not bore you with the details on how good the food is, you can just read the rest of the reviews. What I do want to emphasize is the service and the complete attention you get right when you walk in. He greets you and asks you if this was your first time eating here. If so he will give you recommendations on what to eat depending on your craving for the day. Checks in with you to see if your OK and he even shook my hand and said thank you when I left. This is how it should be at every dining establishment. He knew the regulars by name and it had a family atmosphere. I felt like I was at a 5 star restaurant even though I was in a mom and pop joint in a strip mall. Great experience!
1	If I can give this place negative stars I would. Not so much for the food but the service. I used to go to this place with my Korean friends and family for naeng-myun and other Korean dishes. Today, there was this non-Korean, Hawaiian (I think) person working and was absolutely rude! I was short on time, had a 40 minutes lunch break and since Island- style was right across the stress, I was thinking 35 mins should be plenty of time to eat my food and leave. I was waiting over 20 mins for my food and I understand there were a few orders ahead of me and by looking at everyone else's food, it does take time to cook. After 15mins passed by I asked the guy if it would take long cause I only had 15 mins left to eat and go back. He did said he would check on it then left. Approx 10 more minutes passed by I gave him my credit card so it would be faster if I ate and left. He told me that it takes time to make my buckwheat noodles and that everything was made to order. Ughhh.... buddy I'm Korean and I know damn well that it only takes 30 secs once in boiling water to cook the noodles and put in the broth. Needless to say I took one bite of the cold noodle and it wasn't hand made, it was the store bought noodles you cook in boiling water. The broth was so salty, and the spicy buckwheat noodles tasted like pure hot pepper paste + vinegar and again salty. I took literally two bites and left. The guy who took my order grabbed the checkbook from me and told customers next to me 'shes telling me how to cook brah...'. I know you've been cooking for 19 years BUT if you knew anything about customer service you do not talk shit when I can clearly hear you, grab the checkbook out of my hand, and give me dirty looks. Everytime I came here its the owners that now operate the one at Greenland. They are soo nice and helpful... total opposite of this guy... oh yea btw your Nengmyun (cold buckwheat noodles in broth) and Bibim gook-so (spicy, cold buckwheat noodles) is tasteless... If this guy didn't offend me so much, I would come back for their Hawaiian plate lunch, it looked really good. Not so much for the Korean food, I wish the Korean owner or son would've been there :(
5	Kimchi is the staple food for any Korean restaurant. The owner waits on you at this location and he is THE MAN.  Kimchi is first class as I haven't had kimchi of this quality in a long time. Comparable if not better than any so called, "First Class Korean Restaurant" in LA, NYC, Bergen County(NJ). I've been to all of them and this Kimchi is up there.  The other food is not worth the trip if you are in a mood for cold noodle or the soft tofu soup. But the kimchi makes up for lack of flavor from any other dishes on the menu. The service is too good to not make the trip, so if you are in Las Vegas, check this place out.  It has once way window from the inside so open the door or ring the bell.  You won't regret it.
5	There hawiian food is so good also. the pork katsu is the best ive ever had it was served with curry sauce and was very good.
1	Horrible service...with no respect.  I ordered kalbi dish, the meat tasted over-date, the rice was not fresh.  There were flies flying around, nasty
5	It was by far the best local style food I've ever had on the mainland.I think only people from Hawaii would ever become so overwhelmed to coming close to crying when they have food from home.I've been living on the mainland since 1991 and have never found anything as authentic as Island Style.Starting out with, I believe the owner (he looked like the same man in the newspaper write up), greeting us as soon as we walked in.Gave us some pupus, and the best part, boiled peanuts. Same style that my dad and his drinking buddies would have when they would come over. Nostalgia.Two of us had the Combo Plate. Meat jun was cooked just right but more importantly, the meat jun sauce was perfect. If the sauce isn't spot on, it just isn't the same. Kal bi and BBQ chicken was awesome.My friend had the Hot Stone Bi Bim Bop. Never really saw that in Hawaii but they have it all over on the mainland. Very good as well. She loved it and she spent her hi school years in Korea (Dad was stationed there).The owner was there working his butt off greeting and serving everyone in the place.Next time we're in town, we're skipping the strip and making it out here again.Mahalo for making me less homesick.
5	Great food!!! Off the strip so you will needa car to get there but good food at good prices, love the place
1	The Hawaii guy , Russell that works for the owner, Gina deserves NEGATIVE stars only. He was RUDE, BAD ATTITUDE and hasNO COMMON COURTESY.  We called at 545pm to make sure he was open (since he closes early if  business is slow ; evenwhen hours are POSTED 10AM-9PM); he said they were openso told him we would be there at 7PM; he said "sure sure, howmany people "; told him 7adults on child. He said  OK. Whenwe arrived at 702P, the door was locked, CLOSED sign in thewindow. We could not believe he was closed since we hadcalled, We knocked on the door several times and even calledtwice but NO ANSWER. We peeked in the window and it wasdark ( LIGHTS OFF, NO BODY there). I thought Russell waskidding/being playful but after waiting ten minutes we left .It was quite embarrassing to our guests (they could not believethis was happening). Needless to say, we went to a "reliablerestaurant". A favorite that always has excellent food andprovides excellent service consistently ( they  know how to treat us/customers and always welcome our business). The next day,  I called Russell and told him we were disappointed he was CLOSED when I had called beforegoing there. He was rude and abruptly barked at me "No can help...No Cook...I no can cook so I had to close";  "Cook had to leave because her baby sick (emergency?)".old him, "We did not  know his cook had to leave; how werewe to know?" Told him, "You should have waited to tell us."He said "couldn't, I had to drive her...she no drive". I said , "we don't know that...all we saw was the CLOSE sign...you could/should have left us a note!". He did not feel bad or apologize. Instead he   RUDELY said " SISTA, YOU ONLYMAKING ME MAD".   I said "WHAT, I'm making you mad (I was angry and  insulted) ."   Said, "That is no way to runa business!!!"  He said,  what!!!. you wanted me to call Gina? She no can come,  she get her own restaurant to run".  Told him,  "Fine, you' won't see us anymore" (and hung up).It's too bad he  does not think he was wrong  for hisBAD/POOR  service. (He does not believe in CUSTOMERSAlways Right; and Customers can help to make a businessgrow.)  We have/had frequented  this place; brought and introducedseveral friends and relatives to Island Style; But, NO MORE!!We are telling them  we will  NO LONGER patronize this'hole in the wall' place and they will follow us.  He will loseour business and theirs. He should have been consideratehis customers (NO common sense). Definitely needs  toimprove on his ATTITUDE, BEHAVIOR and COMMONCOURTESY!  He does not know how to properly apologizeand accept constructive criticism.
4	Customer service is king here, the owner seems to know everyone who walks in.  This place is straight up Hawaiian.  The people eating here are Hawaiian and the owner also has that Hawaii Pidgin English.  I got the combo, which tasted good, can't go wrong with meat.  We also got the kimchi tofu soup, which was ok, had better, but still ok.  The customer service here is nice, and I would come here again if I felt like eating Hawaiian food.
5	Excellent food, very friendly service.
5	Russell is the most nicest person. His customer service makes u come back everytime :) i just moved to vegas from hawaii and its great to know that theres a korean bbq joint that i can go to that taste amazingly good. He hooked us up with free drinks and peanuts. The meat jun is my favorite.
5	I just wanted to give a quick update after eating here several times the last couple months.-The service is beyond amazing. -The price is stupid cheap.-The food is simple, but wonderful.Every time we've been there, Russell, the owner. has been beyond friendly, especially to our daughter, who is 5. He talks to her, plays with her, makes sets of training chopsticks, gives a freezy pop, etc. She loves him!If you want a cheap, simple, quick meal with great service from a great guy, you cannot go wrong with Island Style.
5	Okay...OKay..This place is great! This comes from the stereotypical picky Korean snob. The ponchon tastes like Mom's. I don't care for the sour kimchi stuff but this is your fresh crisp kimchi. The combo plate with fried rice is Awesome and tastes right. The Korean food is right on and tastes like home. I love this place plus the owner is super friendly.
5	Me and my lovely fiancee have been to this place twice and we absolutely loved their food. Price are cheap and the quality are pretty awesome. I always try their combo while my fiancee always try to venture out of ordinary. So far so good.The server/owner Russel have been very very accomodating and friendly  as well as being a very nice guy to talk to.I come back more often if its not too far from my home on the west side.
5	Island Style offers excellent Hawaiian & Korean cuisine served by the nicest guy you're ever gonna meet. I can't think of a time when anyone went so far out of their way to make sure we felt so welcome and were so completely satisfied with our meal and dining experience. Beyond that the food is 110% authentic, amazing and delicious. We ordered a mix of Hawaiian & Korean dishes but every meal here starts out with complimentary Banchan and Boiled Peanuts. It's at this point you know your meal is gonna be something unique and special.Appetizer - Spam Musubi: Perfect Hawaiian guilty comfort food. I like to think of it as Hawaiian Foie Gras. :) Not the absolute best version I've ever had but still very good.Entrees -   Hot Rock Pot  Bi Bim Bop: Perfect searingly hot bowl of rice, veggies, beef, sunny side up fried egg, chili pepper paste, served w/ a little bowl of sweet soup on the side to cool your throat.Teriyaki Hamburger: My wife's choice for lunch and though it seemed a  pedestrian choice for such and exotic and extensive menu, she enjoyed it very much and I count her as a burger snob so it must of been good.Side - French Fries: Again my wife's order and they arrived hot, crispy and fresh which meant they didn't have a chance.No trip  to Vegas from now on will be complete unless we make it here for at least one meal while we're in town. It's that memorable. Go now and enjoy. The combination of food, service and the charm of Island Style are unmatched.
4	this hawaiian/korean restaurant brought me back to the local cuisine of  hawaii. I ordered the meat jun combo plate and it was good. the soy dipping sauce for the meat jun should be bottled and sold in markets. deifinitely stopping by to try the other items on the menu. The ALOHA spirit is deifinitely alive and well in las vegas..thanks to RUSSEL.
5	Love Russell's personal attention.  Fanstatic food at very cheap prices. If you leave here hungry, something is wrong with you. Thank you again Yelp for helping us choose a great place.Another great hole in the wall
5	A friend told us about this place and I was very excited to try this Korean and Hawaiian fusion restaurant.  They had a range of dishes from loco moco to bibimbap.  We ordered the cold Korean noodle and their mixed BBQ platter which consists of the short ribs, meat jun and chicken breast.  You can tell they take pride in their BBQ as each piece was grilled to perfection.  I really enjoyed the meat jun (Seasoned ribeye dipped in egg before pan frying) especially with their dipping sauce.  The banchan (free refill) that came before the meal was also delicious, well seasoned bean sprouts, kim chee and radish. The owner/server was very nice to us and even gave my wife an extra cup of their specialty Korean tea to go.  We also had some fresh peanuts that just finished boiling in Hawaiian sea salt.  All this for $20, not a bad deal at all.  We will definitely be coming back to try out more of their menu items.      ________________________________________
4	Thanks yelpers for recommending this place - first time here and we are very happy that we trusted the reviewers. I can't wait to go back there to try cold noodle, locomoco and other things on the menu.BTW, this place has the best kimchee ever. Thanks Russel for taking care of us - we felt like we are your families instead of customers. We love your food & great service.
5	I stopped to eat here 2 days ago.  And, I'm lazy about writing reviews, but this one kept bugging me.  TALK ABOUT GERNEROUSITY AND HOSPITALITY.  Incredibly authentic Korean food...with a splash of Hawaii.  In fact, everything but the view outside their window took me back to Hawaii where authentic tasty Korean food can be had anywhere on the island and patrons come in calling the owner "uncle" (equal to Mr. and Mrs. on the mainland).  And, more impressive than low prices, was their generousity and attention to your taste buds.  See picture of food items that came BEFORE my order...at NO extra cost.  Unbelievable.
5	Some how I bumped into this place. My original plan was to go to Tiffany's Coffee and grab some shave ice. Instead, I found a Korean food court. How did that happen? I figured it might be a great place to pick up lunch and then head on over to Tiffany's for dessert.I ordered the Bimbimbap. Soooo good!! I honestly was not expecting much, but it was delicious! Yes, it's off The Strip, but if you're in the mood for some good Korean fare in a super casual setting, I recommend this place.Check out my pics!http://what2eatz.blogspot.com/2011/12/island-style-las-vegas.html
4	If you are looking for some amazing Hawaiian food, this is the place.  Russell, the owner, is always there serving with a smile and amazing customer service.  He offers the boiled peanuts and kimchee as appetizers.  They are all homemade.  My wife loves the Meat Jun, as authentic as it gets on the mainland.  I usually have the plate lunch with chickent, meat jun and Kalbi rib.  The radish kimchee is great and the food is tasty at a reasonable price.  This is one of 2 amazing hawaiian food places we've found in Las Vegas.
3	Great mix of Korean and Hawaiian food. Bit of a hole in the wall and no A/C. I had the the combo plate with kimchi.  Two tours to Korea I've adopted a taste for the stuff. Some of the best kimchi I've ever tasted.  Meat was super tender and tasty. Never got the boiled peanuts.
4	Fun place to go.  Consistent food, friendly service, and cheap prices.  Huge selection as well for a restaurant of this size.I am hesitant to write reviews of my favorite spots as I fear they will 'blow up,' become too crowded and in turn the quality will go down.  But this place has already been discovered on the internet so I feel there is no harm done.Please be polite, quiet, and tip well to keep this place as good as it has been.
5	Just one of those places that remind you of home.. (Hawaii). The food is legit from tastes to portion sizes! It feels like being fat and happy in Hawaii. I usually get the Combo because it allows you to try a little bit of the meat jun, bbq chicken and kalbi. My favorite of the 3 is the meat jun! I've tried a lot of the hawaiian bbq places around vegas and this blows a lot of them out of the water.
4	By far the friendliest and most enthusiastic greeting I have ever received. Is this how the islands treat everyone because I can get used to this type of hospitality. The day was cold, dreary, and rainy. The service definitely brightened up my party's day. I am always craving Korean food and was looking for something on this side of town to meet Katrina M. for her lunch break. My sister and I got there early, so I took the liberty of ordering for everyone. Our very enthusiastic server, and most likely owner, came over to point out some suggestions. Combo plate ($9.90) comes with rice, mac salad,  kalbi, meat jun, and BBQ chicken. Sold, you had me at kalbi. Everything else was an added bonus. Chicken is one of those meats that can be dry, boring, and rarely the highlight of a meal. At Island, it definitely is a contender. Juicy and flavorful. The meat jun was intriguing. A thin slice of beef that has been thrown in an egg batter and browned. It is the first time I have ever had this and it was my sister's favorite off the plate. Brown rice is an option on their menu. We got it subbed instead of regular white and there was no charge. Bonus points! We had also got the bibimnaengmyeon ($9.90). A cold buckwheat noodle tossed in a spicy sweet sauce with radish, cucumber, half a hard boiled egg, and beef slices. I am glad they keep this even in winter. I am usually all for seasonal specialties, but forget that when it comes to this dish. In Korea, this item usually disappears once summer is over. Luckily, not here in Vegas. We had also got the seafood soondubu ($8 something). Bubbling hot, large chunks of tofu, plenty of seafood, and a raw egg dropped in. All good signs... but no kick. I love it best when it possesses a spiciness that can only be remedied with a spoonful of rice. All the dishes come with beansprouts, radish, and cabbage kimchi. The last two items had the same issue, but they were fresh. Everyone vowed to come back and try some of the other dishes on the large menu. Even after lunch, I was eyeing the loco moco for next time. Hot tea is also complimentary. That is worthy of a mention as well.
5	For as much as I rant about how much I love Korean food, I am the first to admit that I haven't a clue about it. I mean, honestly, I've only tried a handful of Korean dishes, and probably couldn't tell you much about them other than a brief description. But I stick to what I love and know best: meat and noodles.My brother and I met Katrina M. here for a lunch date - welcomed warmly on such a dreary day. We ordered the Meat Combo plate ($9.90) that came with Meat Jun, BBQ Chicken, Kalbi, macaroni salad and rice. Then, of course, we ordered my spicy cold noodles ($9.90) and a sauntering pot of seafood soup for Katrina M. I was pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed all the meat options - the Meat Jun unexpectedly becoming my favorite. Egg battered beef, it was tender and bursting with flavor. The chicken was moist and flavorful, and kalbi is always good. But my cold buckwheat noodles - they were perfection. The balance of spice and acidity warming me up perfectly on a "Seattle" day.What really made this trip to Island Style was the hospitality. Warmly greeted by both the proprietor and his never-ending supply of hot barley tea, I felt like I could sit there forever, taking shelter from the sporadic weather, eating my spicy noodles in bliss.
4	Island Style, where Korean food meets Hawaiian hospitality. For being such a hole-in-the-wall, there's a very warm & welcoming ambiance to the place. BOILED PEANUTS: Get in on it. Enough said. FOOD: The menu offers a big variety of classic Korean dishes such as Soon Dubu, Naengmyeon, GalbiTang, and Kalbi. All of which I have tried and are delicious! Then there are the Hawaiian staples: Spam Eggs & Rice, Loco Moco, & Rice Omelette. The menu is pretty big here and you can't go wrong no matter what you get. It all has that home-made Korean food flavor. The Meat Jun is spot on here and I never leave without a belly full of their Jjin Mandu (Steamed Korean Dumplings). You could opt for the fried ones but steaming gives them a more delicate flavor as well as cuts the grease. Those along with the Kim-Chi are made in-house. Portions and Value are definitely better here than at some Korean restaurants.BAN-CHAN: There's always a bunch of little dishes which is the usual for Korean eating. Kimchi, Radish Kimchi, spinach, potato salad, etc. It seems to vary every single time I come here. But its all good. They don't have a problem refilling them either!TEA: The type of tea they serve is some random type of Korean root tea. Its delicious. Its not the usual Barley Tea (BoRee Cha). It comes from seeping whole pieces of the root and not some store-bought tea bag. What you lose in 'Location & Decor' you gain in 'Food & Flavor.'You can also sample Island Style in the Greenland food court.
2	Peas and Carrots.  Bevis and Butthead. Somethings go together well.  Korean and Hawaiian don't in this case.  Located in a strip mall with a lot of parking, this place has about 16 quad tables.  There are 8 of them side by side in the middle of the room so you can put several parties of 8 easily, so it's group friendly.  The menu is mainly Korean, but for some reason, they choose to put the word Island in the name of the restaurant giving me the impression they were Hawaiian.  We had the BBQ combo and the Pork Katsu.  I was looking for the Hawaiian aspect, but ended up with a Korean aberation of Hawaiian food.  The katsu sauce was more like a ketchup sauce or a shrimp cocktail sauce.  The pork katsu was over cooked and dry.  I suspect the cutlet was under a heat lamp i.e. precooked like a mickey dees.   The Kalbi and BBQ chicken were good.  The meat jun is coated with egg and like the cutlet, I seemed like it was a heat lamp item too.  It didn't have that freshly made taste.  I was disappointed after reading the good reviews.  If I come back, it would be for the Korean food because the photos on the wall look really good.  Maybe they should change the name of the restaurant to Seoul Style to give the customers a better description of what you're going to get.
5	You know the saying.....you can judge your main dish by how great the side dishes taste.  It's an older generation korean saying about how to judge a restaurant and their food quality.  Of all the Korean restaurants that I've been to, this place has to be the best in town! About 10 minutes from the strip, I highly recommend coming here for all your korean OR hawaiian food cravings.   Of course being a Yelpy, I found this on my phone app and noticed their great ratings by a lot of people.  Since bf loves hawaiian food and I absolutely need my kimchi fix at least once a day, this sounded like a perfect place to satisfy both our cravings.  Don't expect anything fancy.  It's located in a ghetto strip mall with nothing so glitzy like the strip.   But don't let that fool you!  I was skeptical about how their food would taste like when both the server and the owner were NOT korean.  However, once the big slab of kimchi came out along with the other side dishes, it was game over.   Even my mom was very impressed with the way they make their kimchi.  Then again, even my bf who doesn't EVER eat kimchi actually ate it!  Now that's saying a lot about how great and awesome they prepare their kimchi. My favorite was their radish kimchi.   We asked for more to take it back to the hotel with us!  Oh yeah, haven't even said anything about the main dishes yet.  lol  My mom and I shared the hot stone pot rice with veggies.  (dolsot bibimbap)  which was surprisingly good.  I especially loved the little pieces of marinated beef on top of the rice.  BF got the meat jun which he thought was very yummy.  He gives it 5 stars!  We also shared the fried dumplings and I loved the crispy won ton skin!  The overall experience was very positive and satisfying.    This is our Must Go to place in Vegas!The owner said his wife makes EVERYTHING herself and they also have another restaurant inside the Greenland market nearby.   Wish I can have her kimchi recipe.  I miss it.   I hope this restaurant stays for many more years to come so I can come visit whenever we're in Vegas!
5	The owner, Russell, is very nice and readily greeted us as we entered through the doors with two cups of warm tea. Affixed upon the wall are some articles about Island Style. The original gentleman who cooked Hawaiian food for Island Style, as I found out from Russell, passed away in 2002. Russell is half Japanese and half English/Irish and his wife, Gina, is Korean. She worked with the original cook, and when that gentleman passed away, she continued on with his beloved cuisine and also decided to include Korean offerings. Russell said that there was a period of time where she was just using the cheapest canned ingredients from Sam's Club or Costco, but since he entered the business, they have been making everything fresh. We were sitting amongst some elderly and another family and everyone seemed very laid back while enjoying their seemingly scrumptious morsels and bites.He appetized our palates withBoiled Peanuts: a complimentary and delicious appetizer of whole peanuts still in their shells that have been boiled in a soy-based brine with a very unique blended texture of hard and soft.Spicy Cucumber: a complimentary, crisp, and slightly tangy side dishRadish and Kimchee: I didn't care much for the radish, and the kimchee was still refrigerator temperature cold, but it was deliciousWe ordered theHot Rock Pot Bi Bim Bop (Dol Sot Bi Bim Bop): Delicious rice, perfectly runny egg, thin strips of nori, and a blend of vegetables in this super hot rock pot will make your mouth water before, during, and after! The rice touching the rock pot is crispy and just the way I like it, like a crust made from rice. Combo (Kalbi, Chicken, Jun): standardly marinated and grilled meats, mostly tender and came over white riceI will be back to try other items. For their prices, their top-notch service, and their intense flavors in foods down to every detail, they definitely deserve five stars.
5	This is where I get my Korean Hawaiian plate fix.  Love the veggies that come with the meal, so Ono and the soup.  Saimin is awesome too.
4	This is a cool place to come especially if you love Hawaiian/Korean food. First you get boiled peanuts (which are very good) and Russell, the owner, is very generous with it. You also get hot Korean tea with your meal. Ordered the loco moco and got a nice sized hamburger patty on top of a huge mound of rice and topped with an egg and lots of gravy, Also had to try a side of Spam, which was grilled to perfection but a little too salty for me. The loco moco was just like the ones I had in Hawaii, though. The kimchi was great, especially the one that has been fermenting for a while, although it has a huge bite, so watch out when you are eating it. The regular kimchi was very good as were the pickled radishes. The staff makes you feel like you are in the islands with their laid back attitude and attentive service. Definitely recommend checking it out if you are in Las Vegas.
4	Being from San Jose, there's a LOT of good Korean food around here, so I wasn't blown out of the water. But the owner was incredibly nice and went out of his way to make us feel at home. He even showed us what he used to make the tea (which was delicious especially when iced!) and gave us extra kimchi! Loved the Hot Rock Pot Bi Bim Bap. The proportions were good but the dishes were not extraordinary. Therefore, I give 3 stars for food and one star for the exceptional service.
5	Best meal I've ever had in Vegas. Been to Vegas over 10 times in the past 15 yrs and have seen Vegas go from great cheap eats to highend style-over-substance restaurants. If your looking for an honest delicious meal, and great personal service come here.  If ur looking for a subpar meal at a high price stay on the strip. Recommended: loco moco, Fried mandu, kimchi, combo plate, fried rice (just like my mom used to do it, with spam!!).
5	I love russell! He is so sweet, friendly, and an honest working man. Service is GREAT and food is YUMMY. I love the spicy cold noodles, and deep fried dumplings. My boyfriend always gets the loco moco (SUPER FILLING). I always come here whenever I go to Vegas. The price, portion, and taste is far more superior than what i can find on the strip.
5	Legit place for Hawaiian/Korean fare.Russell, the owner, is so personable and nice and fed me and my friend to the brim!!We ordered the Spam Musubi, Loco Moco, and the Chicken Teriyaki. We also got lots of kimchi, radish, and bean sprouts. YUM!! We were getting stuffed but Russell also brought out Fried Mandu and a Malasada for us! Everyone is like family here so come hungry and your tummy will definitely leave happy! I will definitely be back!
5	GO to this place, brutha. Go. Why?The food, man. The FOOD! Bi bim bop hot pot--a stone pot with crunchy rice on the bottom, and piled with noodles, veggies, teriyaki beef, and an egg on top. I don't even like eggs but I had to go for it, mixed it all in, and I wasn't sorry. My friend had the beef jun--beef fried in a thin egg batter, unique and amazing. We were also plied with many appetizer things, just because: five different kinds of kimchi--including an extra fresh serving that the owner brought out, boiled peanuts (realllllly good), and we also ordered the fried potstickers--also done with their own unique crunchy goodness.The service, brah. The SERVICE! From the moment me and my four pals came in, we were treated like friends. The owners took the time to ask us our preferences, explain stuff to us (because they could tell this was somewhat new to us), and brought out extra things when we reacted so gratefully to the other things they put on the table. And they just acted like we were their buds. It's been too long since I've had this kind of friendliness at a restaurant.The vibe, mate, the viiiiiiibe. Yes, when you drive up you will look at the joint from the outside and say, "Is this place open? Is this place even legit?" (the window isn't see-through so it looks almost like it's being remodeled or something). But when you push through the door, everything changes: It's well-lit, clean and bright, and almost cozy. There's a happy greeting from the staff, and a comfortable hawaiian vibe.We ate at many good places on our Vegas weekend, but this was the one where every so often when we were contemplating our next meal, someone would say, "Hey we could always go back to Island Style..." In fact, even before I was halfway through my hot pot, I was thinking about how and when I could come back again.  Go here. Unlike many other cheap eats, it's not a dive, it's not greasy, and the food isn't just good for the price. It's GOOD. You won't be sorry. You'll just be delighted and full.
5	As mentioned, try the beef or combo plate. Staff very helpful and gave good recommendation on noodles / side dishes. Would definitely not categorize as Korean, which there was flavors / styles of ; but islander or Hawaiian food with Korean flavors. Complements all around!
4	This review is long overdue.Used to eat here back when I lived in Las Vegas - also when it was Ivan and Gina running the place. I recall really enjoying the food as well as their company/service but heading there for dinner last Saturday with a friend and my parents, I didn't really know what to expect. Good food and excellent service is what I got. I ordered the Combo plate: kalbi, meat jun, BBQ chicken, rice and macaroni salad. I loved everything but the kalbi. Something about it - no other way to describe it other than I've had better. It was cooked, so I'm not sure if it was the marinade or the quality of the meat - but my friend didn't like it as well and my parents didn't even try it.The service was awesome. Gina was her usual hospitable self and even brought out some special dishes for the table. Everything was awesome except the lack of parking and the kalbi. If I lived in Las Vegas, I'd be a regular for sure; in time, the duke.
5	OMG!!! This place is AWESOME!!! don't judge the appearance of the restaurant coz their food are SUPER delicious, could find anything in Seattle that could compare to this one!!! Their appt Kim-Chi is just great, not to mention the boiled peanuts as well. The owner/server was SUPER nice, after he knew we want to bring home some spicy cold noodles. He gave us the raw noodles and advice us how to make it at home with all their sauce!!!! They are now one of our MUST-GO places when we visit vegas!!!!
5	Just got home from the restaurant. Amazing experience and food! I never had island and Korean food together and it was like the perfect mix. My fiance and I are from Guam so we like looking for some good island restaurants. I would say this restaurant would be our number one since this Guam restaurant we always went to called "Island bbq" closed down. I love the service too. J.D. I think was his name who was our waiter was very nice and friendly. Actually sat down with us and had a little talk. He's pretty cool so I guarantee you would have good service when he's your waiter. I'm definitely coming back for the food and the service :)
4	After a long drive to Vegas from the Bay Area, we were looking for a bite to eat before checking into our hotel. Instead of the usual expensive resort fare, we decided to duck into Island Style instead and have a light snack. Right. Island Style is a very unassuming place in the middle of a nondescript strip mall on the west side. As plain looking as the place is, it is really about the food. I had hot rock Bil Bum Bop and the Missus had a combo that included the best tasting Kalbi ever. The homemade Kim Chee (cabbage, Radish, and cucumber versions) was terrific. Everything on the menu is hand made. As we were walking out, they were making fat hand stuffed won tons.The only down side was that we ended up eating everything to the point that we may have to beg off on our dinner reservation at the big time strip restaurant.I have to go back for some Moko Loko for breakfast before I leave town.
5	Have I not review Island Style yet? Finding this gem and meeting the owner was definitely one of the most memorable parts of our trip to Vegas. The owner, Russel, was closing shop early that day due to a catering gig. We were super lucky to find the place and get there in time to relax and hide from the midsummer heat. On that particular day in Vegas, it was over 110degrees outside and we didnt have AC in our car. All of our sodas and bottled waters were on the house. He fed us like kings, suggested what he thought we would like and then cooked us even more food for free. The whole time he laughed with us and tried to get us to interact with the only other family in the restaurant. He was absolutely the sweetest. Russel took the orders, made all of the food himself., entertained us and prepared for his catering job all at the same time.When he flipped the sign on the door to close, a man (he explained an annoying regular) came in sometime after and tried to make him feeling guilt for closing early. The terrible man kept nagging, "Why don't you want to feed my wife?" Russel fnally yelled at him and kicked him out. It was great. I wish all restaurant owners and workers were able to deal with horrible and demanding customers in such a way.We can't wait to go back! Russels spot is a Vegas staple!
5	i could write a long review about the great food and service but most reviews already got that covered. the combo was the best hawaiian bbq i've ever had. Meat Jun is the highlight. you have to try this place it is awesome
4	Mochi mandu soup for a hangover. Point blank period.
5	Great Kalbi ribs.  The best Kalbi I've ever had was near Diamond Head crater in Honolulu.  These ribs were the second best.  Amazing portions, great service in a small hidden location.
5	Clean place. Russell is an amazing host. All tables feel like family. Food is out if this world not to mention crazy cheap! My husband had loco moving with fried rice instead of steamed rice. Russell's recommendation at no extra charge! I had meat jun, cold spicy noodles and Mandy (crispy). All for $25! Awesome service,  scrumptious food, great prices.
5	The place to go for Hawaiian food is at the Cal, until we yelpped and found "Island Style".  We paid almost the same amount as we did at the Cal but, we had enuf food for 8 people.  The food was awesome, very tasty and piping hot.  Food took a while but, it was worth the wait.  Good food takes time to make and our waiter which we found out was also the owner kept us informed that our food is coming out shortly.  Take all of his recommendations on what's good and if he ask you if you want some hot tea. Say yes, it's a special blend of tea and unlike most places, they try to keep certain things a secret, but when we ask what kind of tea it was, he told us and actually brought out the bag and showed us and I still cannot find it in LA... Keep up the good work, we will be back!!
5	Island Style was delicious! Yummy. I really have to thank my hot waiter (Jody) because the fried rice with spam was the bomb boo. I also had the fried dumplings, the combo and teriyaki chicken on the side which were all so bomb!!!  This place has good food and great service. Love it
5	I'm sad that I haven't had the pleasure of eating at this restaurant sooner. But i'm excited that I finally know this restaurant exists. My first visit was on a Friday afternoon. I ordered take out. Since it was still Lent I opted for the fish jun (egg battered fish fillet-served with a soy vinegar sauce). While I was waiting for my food I got to chat it up with Russel. He was extremely friendly. By the time my food was ready I felt like I was talking to my uncle. My second visit I ordered the Meat Jun. Not as good as Hawaii meat jun but since I live in Las Vegas this is as close as it gets. Extra stars for the fact that he remembered on my second visit that I like a side of siracha hot sauce. More stars for the fact that when I opened up my take out bag there was a surprise: boiled peanuts! Too bad Yelp will only allow me to rate up to 5 stars. The restaurant is located in a strip mall and you can easily miss it. But if you do have the opportunity stop by. You won't be disappointed.
2	Blah. I was just unimpressed, even worse, I did not really like the food, even left it unfinished. The staff was very nice, and it probably would have gotten one star if not for that. Maybe I went on an off day, regardless I will not be going back.
5	Such a warm and friendly-- even familial--atmosphere here, and the food is always outstanding!! Everything here is made with love. Had the good fortune to be here when the special was kalua pork, and it was incredible!  So glad it's now on the menu permanently.  Portions are large and the food is always fresh and hot and simply outstanding. One of our favorite casual dining places!
5	I've never completed a yelp review before, however, I was compelled to do a review for Island Style after my experience there today.Condition: Don't let the location of a ghetto strip mall & exterior "hole-in-the-wall" appearance fool you. The restaurant is very clean and well-kept. Even the chopsticks are nicer than most restaurants in VegasService: A+++ Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted by Russell right away. Before i could even put my bag down he came by with free boiled peanuts, water and menu recommendations for us. Guess we looked like newbies :P Russell also made sure our water and tea glasses were never empty and kept refilling our side dishes without even being asked. He is definitely not stingy about his food like most Asian restaurants. We weren't treated as customers, but more like familyFood: A+++         - I got the Seafood Soondubu + Kalbi + Fish = A+++ Tasty tofu soup with clams, mushroom & shrimp. The kalbi and fish were good, but nothing extraordinary.            - My BF and GF got the Combo with Meat Jun, chicken & Kalbi with substituted    fried rice. DELICIOUS! Not to mention, the portions were pretty big, which just means i get to share with them :PComplimentary Side dishes: A+++ radish, cabbage kimchee, bean sprouts, & Hot dog with onions. My favorite was the cabbage kimchee --i could eat those like chips!!! The hot dog and bean sprouts were also yummy. Russell also brought us some dried seaweed and "korean style" kimchee to try out; that one was too sour for me.I am definitely coming back the next chance i get! I love Russell's enthusiasm and charismatic personality! How he runs his restaurant is refreshing and rare in this town. My BF even said he felt like Russell was like an Uncle to him LOLTIP: Don't confuse this restaurant with the one on spring mountain, with almost the same name!
4	I came here having high expectations for their meat jun from what I was reading. Unfortunately, their meat jun didn't quite meet my expectations. Their meat jun is really good, but I have had better where it was nothing short of amazing.
4	When visiting LV, sometimes you just want some hawaii-style home cooked food.  If you are Hawaiian-Korean and you are looking for some meat jun, banchan, bulgogi, kalbi, kimchee, with some local dishes like loco moco, katsu, spam and eggs, etc. this is the place for you.  This is old style local fusion (not to be confused with Roy's or Sam Choy).  Service is friendly.  It is great for the Hawaii-style food but it is no 5 star.  But I like it recommend it.
4	I love going to this place for their meat jun. Doesn't have a lot of fat or any for that matter. Portions are plenty! Always have to take it home. Overall, really nice people here and good food!!
5	I love island style!! The owner is super nice and the food is great every time.
5	Jody, Mom and Russell you guys are awesome.  Meat Jun, Spam Fried Rice, Macaroni Salad, Loco Moco, Fried Saimin and the best Man Doo I've ever tasted.  The banchan are always good with extra care put into everything.  The most nostalgic thing is the complimentary boiled peanuts.  Ono!  No matter how busy, they treat you like family.  This is the best Korean / Hawaiian Plate Lunch place in Vegas.  Why?  Because they know how to cook, they use quality ingredients and they actually care about their customer and what they do.
4	I went to lunch with a co-worker last week.   We were greeted with complimentary boiled peanuts, kimchi and sliced fried hot dogs.  When we told the owner that it was our first time, he recommended the combo with meat jun and kalbi. The meat was delicious!  At the end of our meal, he served Korean tea which was the perfect delicious ending to a delicious meal.  I can't wait to go back - the owner's great personality and enthusiasm for his food is infectious!
5	Five stars for the Kanak Attack, at the table.Literally almost knocked out from ALL the food he gave us. My husband ordered the hamburger steak, the gentleman who worked there came to check on us and told him he needed more rice, lol! I ordered Meat jun, barbecue chicken and kalbi with a load of rice. Buggah was ono!The local man that obviously owns the place was so nice and welcoming, he made us feel like we were right back in Hawaii. I'd go back again BUT next time I need to be rolled out :)
4	Hey tourists!  This is NOT A FIVE STAR RESTAURANT!!  (But if I were a local, I would eat here a lot.)We ordered (1) the combo and (2) the hot pot bibimbop.  I strongly recommend both.  I really enjoyed the meat jun (part of the combo).  Everyone in the restaurant was ordering a dish that came in the hot pot, though.This is a great place to go if you want to get away from the pricey restaurants located on the strip.  Island Style is a hole-in-the wall.  The service is fantastic...the owner is extremely nice...and it is a great value.  Not expensive and you get a nice portion.  The owners love the customers and don't hesitate to go the extra mile.  And if you mention yelp....they love it!Value + Quality + Friendliness = Great choice for a low key dinner.  But don't expect to be amazed like many of the people on yelp apparently are.  To say this is the best restaurant in Vegas is entirely absurd.
5	Korean food & Hawaiian food all in one! Small place but love the atmosphere! This place is 5 STAR dining for a 1 star price! They gave us apetizers to start with right away, boiled peanuts, kimchi, sausage....etc.... The food took a while to cook, but its ok coz I was busy stuffing myself with the free appetizers....I am going to warn you ahead of time though...do not gorge on the appetizers or you will be too full for the main dish! Everything on the menu looked good, I wanted to order everything! Drinks were only $1! I definitely will come back to this place just so I can try out their other dishes. And yes they have ox tail soup! Definitely a good find! I love these mom & pop establishments especially when the owners are super friendly and they really do care about their customers! Gotta try this place you won't regret it.
5	I'm no Korean/Hawaiian food expert, but this place has lived up to the hype.  Thanks Jade for the recommendation.  Myself and a few coworkers came here today, and not a single one of us wasn't impressed.First off, the kimchi is bomb here.  I can usually leave out the kimchi, but that's only because so many places in Vegas have mediocre kimchi.  Not this kimchi.  You'll get this as an appetizer, so even if you are not a kimchi person you have to try it.  Our server (the owner?) sensed my coworker's enthusiasm over the kimchi, being the kimchi fanatic that he is, and complimented us some dumplings.  Off the hook.  The crust was kind of thick, but not greasy at all.  The meat was delicious, great spice and herb flavor.  A good sign of things to come...I ordered the Hot Rock Bi Bim Bap.  Friggin tasty.  Quality beef, super fresh veggies, and really nice Kochujang(?) sauce.  The Kochujang was slightly sweet but not too sweet, and subtly flavored.  What set this dish apart for me was the high quality for just around $10.00.  Oh, and don't forget the crystallized rice grains at the bottom. Despite gorging myself on refills of kimchi, I couldn't stop eating the Bi Bim Bap until every last rice grain was gone.  Just a great version of this classic Korean dish!I also managed to taste my friend's bulgolgi.  I normally don't like bulgolgi because it is always tough and overly sauced.  Not this bulgolgi, which is the best I have ever had.  VERY tender, and expertly seasoned.  The sauce was light and of a homemade quality.  Just delicious!Again, special thanks to Jade and the other Yelpers.  I don't know why it has taken me so long to try Island Style.  If you don't know if you like Korean food, this is the place to try it.  If you don't always feel like Korean food, this is the place to go when you do.  If you are a Korean food snob, give Island Style a try and let me know what you think!
5	First time there was excellent ... the restaurant was very clean and tidy and they gave loads of food at a great price.  The staff also made you feel at home and had lots of aloha (which was really nice, since I'm a little homesick for Hawaii). Tip: the combo plate was a great way to try 3 meats and my bulgogi was DELICIOUS!
4	Only had a take out but still had a great experience. The host was very good and funny!! The food was great too!
5	Saturday  was a good day to stop in on the way home from work. Since they no longer are involved in the Greenland Grocery food court. Gina and the kid's are back at the original location. I love it ! We had the Fried mandu, Dol sot Bi Bim Bap, Bi Bim Kook Soo (this is the only place in Vegas that I know of to get this). The best food each and every time I come here. I am glad that Russell gets a day off, but I miss "talking story" with him. just have to go during the week. You want Korean/Hawaiian plate lunch this is the place to go. Food is authentic, service can't be beat. Boiled peanuts are addictive. So lucky to have a go to place.
5	My girlfriend and I, both Koreans, went here for two straight days while we were in Vegas.  We were very happy with their service and food.  First day, we had "Kal Nang" which is the Kal Bi and Nang Myun (cold noodles) combo.  Also, we got Kim Chi Jji gae, which has pork belly in there.  Their portions were huge including side dishes.  Their side dishes were very refreshing and well done.Second day, we had deun jang jji gae (Korean miso soup) and bi bim nang myun (spicy cold noodles).  Once again, dishes were excellent.  This place has really good nang myun... bi bim nang myun is a spicy dish, so be aware...I didn't try any Hawaiian style dishes, but I'd certainly try one next time I'm in Vegas.Liked:tasty foodhuge portionside dishes (also huge portion)great friendly servicewhat else can you ask for?
4	Great service, the kind waiter was awesome, wish I got his name. Along with the awesome hospitality, everything we ordered was really really good. What we had was the teriyaki salmon and the fried rice, the son had the spam masubi. What we also tried was the this fried wonton gyoza type thing, I'm not sure what the name of it was, because he brought it out to us "on the house". They brought in some side dishes before our meal that was kimchi, sprouts, hotdogs, and some radish type thingy. I really want to describe all my food (but I will only reviews my teriyaki salmon) and everything I sampled from others that were with us, but the thing is, I'm not sure what their meal was, but what I can tell you is that everything I did try was really really good, with no complaints whatsover. Ok for our teriyaki salmon, it was probably the best salmon I've ever tasted at a restaurant, they made my food perfect. Don't you hate it when your fish turns out dry because it has been over cooked? well this salmon was a bit rawish in the middle, I guess you can say it was cooked "rare" I guess you can say in steak terms. I love raw fish (sushi type) and this meal reminded me just that, cooked on the outside, but slightly in the inside. Just typing about my meal is making me hungry again. It was nice and juice cooked to perfection with some yummy dipping sauce and mac salad and rice on the side. YUUUMMMMMMMI will cut this review short because I will come back and re review this place. I really wanted to try the oxtail soup on the menu, but already thought we ordered way too much food. I'll be back for more soon.Usually a good service place + really really good food = 5 stars, but I yet I only gave e'm 4. I will promise an update after I try their oxtail soup and if knocks me out of the park, I will definitely give this place a home run (5 stars). You can check out what we had at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkcFRZ8rE1c&feature=plcp (this video is about our days, so skip to 1:50 to see the food). Ill be back thanks Island Style for taking care of lunch.
5	Really good food and service!  Even if you're ordering take-out, they still serve you water and today, they also gave us a complimentary bowl of boiled peanuts to eat while we waited for our food. YUM!  These people are definitely in the "know" about customer service and how to treat their customers so that we are "repeat customers."   Kinda rare to find this kind of business-savvy sense nowadays!
3	Service was great. Food was good, ample servings. The ambiance was lacking a little though.
5	Second time I've been here. Better than the first...It's definitely the laid-back Hawaiian casual dining you'd find in the Islands, serving awesome Hawaiian & Korean food. Prices seem a little bit higher than their competitors, but you easily forget that when your food arrives. The portions are big, plentiful side dishes, and a vast menu, consisting of Loco Moco, fried rice, spam & eggs, to traditional Korean dishes like Bi Bim Bap, spicy tofu soup, and Kalbi. Last time I was there, I intended to get take-out. The staff greeted me warmly and saw that I had a grocery bag with me as I looked at the menu. They politely suggested I eat there, and offered to keep my milk chilled in their side fridge. Is that awesome or what?!?! I did end up eating there, ordered the Bi Bim Naeng Myun/Kalbi Combo, and took most of it home. How great was that for them to offer?!Service I received both visits were great, very friendly, and the staff always thanked and welcomed the customers back soon when they got up to leave. This is a no-frills casual hole-in-the-wall. What you get is a place that welcoming, friendly, and just plain great food, period. Definitely worth a try, then you'll be back for more...
5	I went on a hunt for some naengmyun (cold noodles) on a scorching hot day in Las Vegas. I found this place out in the outskirts of Vegas and it was a great experience. When we walked in, we were seated right away. The service was amazing. The server was kind in giving us so much banchan (side dishes) that we couldn't even finish our meals. We were also served Korean tea and mandoo (dumplings) on the house. The cost was very reasonable, the service was great, and the food was delicious. I would definitely come back here again.
3	Came here one time to see what all the great reviews are about. Loved the boiled peanuts we got when we first arrived & they were very kind. They have a large menu with a good variety. Prices are kind of higher than other places. We ended up ordering a meat jun plate & a loco moco .They were "okay". I found the meat jun to be on the salty side & could barely finish it. May come back to try their bibimbap.
4	My husband and I stopped by for a quick bite.  He had the loco moco which he liked and I decided to try a korean dish mandoo guk (dumpling soup).  My soup was just okay.  While waiting for our food, Russell the server there brought us over some boiled peanuts which was really good.  Since we were korean he offered us an older fermented type of kimchi.  Service was really great and Russell was very attentive to our needs. I give it 4 stars only because my soup was not very authentic.  I would probably return again for some other korean dishes.UPDATE: 7/27/12my coworker brought  me mul naeng myun (buckwheat noodle) which is served chilled.  It was actually very good and I was very impressed.  I would probably go back again when I'm in the mood some other korean dishes.
5	My friends and I came here in June 2012. We didnt realize that it was a couple miles from the Vegas strip so we walked to the stratosphere then took a taxi... shouldve drove our car.-_- but once we got to the restaurant, our pain was so worth it. The owners were so nice. The gave us some boiled peanuts, and we ordered kalbi, spam musubi (my friends loved it) and the mul neangmyun/bibimneangmyun combo each. Their bibimneangmyun is really tasty. The ajusshi gave us free mandoo ^_^. The food really was good. The lady makes really good water kimchee- which you HAVE to eat with the moolnaengmyun. um...I think they have soju there too? After stuffing ourselves we asked them to call us a cab, but the ajusshi said he would take us back since it would take the cabs forever to get there. ^_^ Who does that?!! I will definitely be going back whenever I am in Vegas again.
5	Hubby and I were so incredibly happy when we saw that there's a place on the Mainland that has Meat Jun.  We were so excited to try it out and this place did not disappoint.  The Meat Jun is just as good as in Oahu.  For those that don't know, meat jun, is Korean BBQ marinated meat that's dipped in egg batter and then cooked.  It might sound weird but it's so good.  We also tried the BBQ chicken and the short ribs and both were great.  Service was super friendly.  Get that aloha vibe.  Made me miss Hawaii so much.  They served the typical Korean side dishes but they also served sliced up sauteed hot dog and onion and I've never seen that before but it just hit the spot.  So simple and so good.  I think we'll be coming here every time we're in Vegas for our Meat Jun-fix.
4	I came in after searching on Yelp for a decent Hawaiian restaurant near my office. Looking for a restaurant that compares to Island Sushi is difficult in Las Vegas, so I looked for a four plus star restaurant. The restaurant is compact with wooden tables, wooden floor, and little room to move in. I started thinking that maybe I should go to Diamond China for their delicious steamed fish. I got a menu to order take out... Holy!!! Korean food?! Great! I am tempted to order here now being a fellow Korean.I got the spicy chick (Korean style) with the hopes that it compares with my mother's. Brown rice added. The server came and gave me boiled peanuts and water as I waited for my order. This is the first restaurant in Las Vegas that I have been to with a boiled peanut appetizer. Amazing!!! So far, so good.Korean spicy chicken is usually only good if the bone(s) are still attached to the chicken. I took some boiled peanuts to go along with some sriracha sauce to mix with the brown rice. The chicken is delicious although it came in chopped thigh pieces (no bones). I was quite amazed at the flavor of the dish. The take out order came with kimchi (kimchi is good, but better at Mr. Tofu) and macaroni salad as well. I think I could have gotten more chicken pieces, but it was definitely worth a try.I am excited to check out the soon dubu as it will be compared to Mr. Tofu.
5	Wow I'm impressed felt the aloha in here. Love the customer service by our server ( man). After searching on yelp made a last stop here before I left Vegas and order a takeout for the road. We were served with side dishes, boiled peanuts, and water while we wait for our order. Very nice guy friendly conversation and when our order was ready he packed our side dishes with some island drinks on the house. Definitely I'll be back when I visit Vegas again. Oh the meat jun was a hit next time I'll be trying the oxtail soup. Las Vegas is lucky to have these guys!
3	Came here for some take out today because it's always on the top of my best matches when I do a quick search for a lunchtime place, and of course because of the amazing reviews.   I generally like, but do not love Hawaiian and Korean restaurants I have tried, and after eating my Combo Plate with Brown rice, I can say the same for Island Style.One thing I must say is that getting take out probably diminishes some of the experience and I can easily see it being bumped up to 4 stars with some boiled peanuts and some extra banchan than what was provided with takeout (kimchi only, which was delicious).   Service was top notch for my takeout.   It was packed inside and I was probably a little early and Russell and.... Gina(?) were extremely friendly and did their best to get me my food quickly.   Russell even generously gave me a bottle of water while I was standing there waiting, which was much, much appreciated after the short walk from my car through the flames of hell that was this afternoon's sunshine to the entrance.   He also asked if I wanted hot sauce and I was provided a small container of Sriracha, which is never a bad thingOpening my takeout container back at the office, I was impressed at the sheer amount of food.   A healthy portion of BBQ Chicken, Ribs, and Meat Jun awaited me.   I liked all three, but didn't love any single one of them at the same time.  My overall impression was it was a very satisfying meal, but I think for my next visit I'd like to actually sit and eat, take in some of the boiled peanuts and banchan, and maybe try a dish that doesnt translate well to takeout like the Stone Pot Bibimbap (even though I have no idea what the hell it is)
5	Good Hawaiian/Korean style food and good island people.
4	What a lovely place! It's scary on the outside, but so cute and small on the inside! We first off served with water and boiled peanuts. I cannot stress enough how comforting our server was, who is also the owner! He encouraged us to try the side dishes he served us, offered more rice, offered Korean tea, etc. It was like eating at a relative's house. I loved my teriyaki hamburger steak along with the banchan, and I would love to come back again.
5	I started off with a disappointing experience at another Hawaiian joint and after losing my appetite I was determine to try a new place and put a fix to my Hawaiian craving. Island Style was easy to find, there was plenty of parking, the outside looked kinda scary but I wasn't going to let that stop me from my new culinary adventure. Inside was full of tables to pick from that later on became occupied. The server which I think was the owner was super nice and greeted as very quickly with water and a bowl of boiled peanuts. I'm allergic but I tried the peanuts, they were tasty and salty. The menu was sorta divided with Hawaiian/Korean dishes. I ordered some crunchy mandu to start with; they are meat filled half shaped moon dumplings that resemble Japanese gioza, they were very flavorful. Our server arrived with four Korean side dishes of unexpected banchan. The banchan included kimchi, radish cubes kimchi style, mung bean sprouts, and vienna sausages. I decided to order the famous bulgogi which I haven't had in more than 4 years since my last trip to Korea. The bulgogi was right on point just like I've had it in the past but smothered in onions which I just pushed to the side. I also got to try the katsu chicken, it was so good and crunchy, I didn't care too much for the sauce but it was decent. Both entrees came with a side of rice and macaroni salad. This place was way tastier than Island Flavor, their macaroni salad was to die for, it wasn't bland at all. Our server came to check on us and asked us if we wanted refills on the banchan! Anywhere else they charge you but not this awesome joint. We were even offered hot tea but it was kinda warm inside so we skipped it. I can defenately keep coming back to this place. I want to try the musubi and kalbi ribs next time.
5	I grew up in Hawaii and this is as good as it gets. The service was amazing! The food was great! The free boiled peanuts were just like from home. The volume was crazy (share). Definitely will be back.
5	Everything about this place is legit and it was the first Korean/Hawaiian restaurant I've been to. Service is ridiculously friendly as they definitely made us feel welcome for first timers here.  Also, the food didn't disappoint.  I ordered the combo plate (a meat lovers dream).  My girl ordered the saimin and she enjoyed it very much saying it was much better than Aloha's.  We also shared an order of the gyoza/fried dumplings as an appetizer which were pretty bomby too.  Too be honest, you could have gotten full just from the banchan because they were very generous with it.Awesome service, bomb-ass food, and location away from the strip definitely nets this place 5 stars.  I wish they had this spot in K-town =(.
5	This place is the shiznit.  Had a combo plate with meat jun, teriyaki chicken, and beef short ribs.  All of them really good.  Short ribs maybe slightly too sweet for me but when you eat it with rice anyways being overseasoned is always better than underseasoned.Mentioning rice....wow.  Their rice is really good.  Nice and moist.  I could eat it all day.  There's nothing worse than dry, uninspired rice.  Going to ask if they pressure cook their rice because something is going on there.
4	Food was great. Kalua pork with cabbage was a little salty, though. They have spam musubi, even though it's not on the menu. Portions are huge. Very friendly. I prefer Island Flavor.
4	This place is in a stranded-looking strip mall, with a rather dingy looking sign. But don't judge a book by its cover because, I did, and I was proven soooo wrong. Island Style is a Hawaiian/Korean fusion restaurant, but more towards the Hawaiian-side in my opinion. The kind lady that runs the place is Korean and tends to make your food more "Korean" (if that even makes sense) if she knows that you are Korean. The food is FREAKING awesome. A bit on the sweet side, but I seriously can't complain. Had the mul-bi naeng myun (buckwheat noodles 2-ways: one spicy, one with cold broth), the summer noodles, the spam fried rice. I can honestly say that you probably can't go wrong with any order.This place is a must-try if you're in Vegas.
5	Another easy 5 star review!First of all...this place is the epitome of "hole in the wall."I drove by the place twice, with an address, and zoomed past it.  The neighborhood sucks, but you didn't come here for the scenery!Once you're in, you will find yourself welcomed warmly and feel right at home.  Not sure if the couple was the owners, my guess yes, but they were very hospitible.We came here craving Hawaiian...ordered some Katsu and musubi...very good.  I would say the best katsu I have had.  The breading was a lot sweeter and softer compared to most katsu I have had...very very good.  Musubi was good...soft rice and flavorful.I got suckered into the Bulgogi.  I came wanting Hawaiian, but it has been even longer for Korean.  How does it fair?  Excellent!Meat was very tender, and I don't know how they did the veggies in the hotplate, but they were sooo good I ate them all.  I am a meat guy...rarely do I eat the veggies...but I made sure they were all gone.  So so good...You also get all the korean side dishes with the korean food.  The kim chee was very yummy...not quite as bitter and fermented as I am used to...but still very tasty.  The bean sprounts and other dishes were delicious, and their boiled peanuts were also a cool new thing I have never tried before.Prices are great for all the food and the quality especially.  Can't wait to come back and try their short ribs and other goodies!
4	The older strip mall location is deceiving... Give it a try! You won't be disappointed. The owner is fantastic. So gracious. I loved the hot rock bi bim bap!
4	Ordered hot rock bi bim bap...tasty, but probably wouldn't order again. I'll try the bulgogi next time...or maybe the meat jun. Kimchi was delicious! Filled up on all the wonderful appetizers before I got my main dish. Ordered manju to go, but ended up eating half before i left as it was so tasty! Owners were welcoming and helpful. I did have to wait for a bit for service as they were so busy, bur it was worth the wait. Will eat there every trip to Vegas from now on. Probably one of the best hole in the wall, and Korean style restauran I've been to.
5	First of all, get over yourself.  Its a a nice "hole-in-the-wall",  well off the strip.  Get past that and you'll have some amazing food.Not only do you get amazing, homemade style korean/hawaiian food you get a family run restaurant and it shows.  The mom, pop, and son hospitality is second to none.For $18 i got a full delicious meal and I felt like mom was watching over me.Leave the pretentiousness and chips back at the strip, take a taxi or car to the strip mall that houses Island Style and have some great food instead of the usual factory buffets.
4	Amazing Saimin
5	I love love island style!! One of the first restaurants we've been coming to since we moved to Vegas.  Best meat jun in Vegas hands doooown!! Bibimbap is sooo good. You can get it with beef or chicken. The hot stone Bibimbap is awesome too! Everything I have eaten hasn't let me down. Owners are wonderful people, always friendly and giving great service. Definitely recommend this place for Hawaiian/Korean food :)10 STARS! Ummmm.. Can you say jajamang?!? Well actually jajamyun or jajangmyeon.. whatevas..  It's sooo good and I'm so happy that they have it now!! Along with a Chinese menu too!
5	One of the best reasons to visit Las Vegas is because of the amazing food!  It is an essential part of every vacation!  We discovered Island Style around 12 years ago when Ivan welcomed us the first time we visited Las Vegas with our young children.  Since his passing, we have been greeted by Russell.  He is always very sweet and always makes you feel like you are coming home.  The food is amazing and you get good portions as well.  You are always treated like family when you go there, no matter who you are.  We ordered the Meat Jun which comes with rice and a scoop of macaroni salad. This is a must have.  We also ordered their fried rice, delicious teriyaki chicken and pork cutlet.  Great place to go for that comfort food craving!
5	What a lucky find! through Yelp!   Wanted comfort food and came to the right place. Good food and reasonable prices with lots of hospitality.  I'll stop by again when in Las Vegas!!
5	Great Hawaiian and Korean Food. This trip we had the meat jun, chicken and pork teriyaki. All dishes were full of flavor and tasted like the meats were marinated with homemade TLC. In past visits, I tried the oxtail stew (one of the best I've had) and kalbi. For starters, Russell brought out boiled peanuts and some some really good banchan (kimchi napa and radish, bean sprouts, and hot dogs with white onions). I have never left disappointed with this restaurant in the past 15 years that I have visited Las Vegas as IS is one of must stop visits.
5	We always enjoy the combination plate. As always, great food and service! The place was quite crowded today!
5	YES! I love this place! ISLAND STYLE ROCKS! Yelp loves you, Island Style!-- Awesome food-- Large sizes-- Cheap-- The owner(?)/server(?)/manager(?) - idk who the hell he was but he looked like he was in charge, but served our food. He was really nice.Try the tofu soup. Enough to share!
5	I have had my eye on this place for a long, long time. And why I waited so freaking long, I have absolutely no clue.We pulled into the parking lot and I thought I would just run in and see if they had a to go menu so we could look over a menu to see if we truly wanted to eat here. They didn't have one but the lady told me to take my time and look over one of their menus. Instead, I just went back to the car and told my hunny and son to come in. I mean we were here already, why not. They were pretty busy when we first got there, or so I thought.  Time would teach me very well that I was wrong in my assumption.Glancing over the menus, they have a good selection of items. Mostly Korean with hint of Hawaiian items. What won me over is that they had American items for me to choose from for my son. I settled on the hot rock bi mi map and my hunny got a regular bi mi map and for an appetizer we order Mandu. The kiddo got fries.While we were waiting on our Mandu we were served some boiled peanuts which were so good. Art kind of looked at them weird because he had never had them but once he tried one he couldn't stop eating them.Next came our cabbage kimchi, radish kimchi, sesame bean sprouts, and some kind of stir fried hot dog.I am a HUGE KIMCHI FREAK. This stuff was amazing. Other than it needing more heat (for my taste) it was extremely flavorful and still crunchy. I basically inhaled Kimchi and kept eying a jar that they had filled in fridge with that stuff and wondered how much they would have sold that jar to me for. I concentrated on the kimchi for so long, I didn't realize that Art had ate almost all the mandu and bean sprouts. Mandu had come out sometime while  I was lost in heaven eating that kimchi.I was pleasantly surprised with the mandu. I didn't know what to expect for the filling but it was a noodle, veggie mixture deep fried in a pot sticker wrapper. They were hot and crunchy on the outside and soft and delicious on the inside. My hot rock bi mi map came out and you could just hear the sizzle and smell the rice getting slightly burnt and crunchy. They dressed my bi mi map once it arrived to the table and that was nice. Art's bi mi map came in a huge white bowl and looked almost better than mine but I knew that I had the crispy rice to look forward to. My egg was slightly under cooked so it could finish cooking in the hot rock. My mouth is literally salivating now just thinking about it. It had a nice combo of meat and veggies in it. I meant to take a picture of it but I couldn't stop eating it.When they brought out my son's fries they were sure to tell me that they didn't put any salt on it. I thought this was very considerate. They even brought him an otter pop at the end of our meal.I don't know if our bowls were too big or we filled our selves on kimchi, peanuts and beansprouts and mandu but we had to go take half of our bi mi maps to go.This place was a big hit for me and the fact that it was a huge hit for my hunny says a lot too. He doesn't love Asian food as much as me, so this definitely says a lot. The only downfall to this place is that they are small and get crowded, I mean no seats available crowded FAST! At least they did the night we were there. We will definitely be back. There are no ifs ands or butts about this. I want to go back and try some of that fried fish and bulgolgi I was eying on other plates.
5	Great Kalbi! Huge portions. Very friendly customer service. We will definitely return!
5	They start off with free boiled peanuts. One can never pass up free items, especially delicious ones. I ordered the Stone Clay Pot Bim Bim Map, and it was damn good. The Owners treated us like family and it was our first time there. The only downside was that it was a little wait to check out, however, I can understand considering it was a full house.
5	OMG...the food is onolicious!  Braddah Russel and Aunty Gina are awesome friendly people!While vacationing, my daughter and her husband, wanted local island style food.  They googled and this restaurant came up.  They had dinner there and loved the food.We came up a day after, they highly recommended us to try it.  Went on Saturday for lunch.  All tables taken.  Waited a few minutes.  Aunty Gina sat us down.  We were greeted by Braddah Russell, who was so friendly.  He took our order and came back with little dishes of kim chee, radish kim chee, fish cake, peanuts, bean sprouts, hot dogs w/onions.  Then later came back another type of kim chee, which he cut in front of us.  Wanted to try their fried mandu, but were out.  Raincheck.  We told Braddah Russell we would be back, especially for their mandu.Went back for dinner on Monday night and yes, their mandu is to die for...friend or boiled.  So ono!  Their food that we had on those 3 times eating there was onolicious!Mahalos Braddah Russell and Aunty Gina!We will definitely be back on our next vacation.
5	I was looking for a place to get some kalbi and came across Island Style. When I saw Michelle M's 5 star review, I knew I had to try it. Friendly service, small restaurant. Took us a little time to find it but we were thrilled when we did. Kalbi for me, Katsu for my friend. So delicious, huge portions. We couldn't even finish everything and we split it all. Good prices too! I will definitely be back!!!!
5	LOVE Island Style restaurant! A hidden gem that is sure to please your appetite and cravings. The place has so many options with traditional Korean food and authentic Hawaiian plates, you're guaranteed to leave with a full tummy and a smile on your face! Having tried almost everything on their menu, I can say I enjoyed my meal every time! So delicious!Best musubis in town. Favorite things on the menu are Korean tofu stew (doenjang jjigae), meat jun, oxtail soup, and buckwheat noodles in cold broth (mool naeng myun). The mix plate (Kalbi ribs, chicken teriyaki, meat jun) always hits the spot too. The staff and owners make the experience complete..they treat you like family! I've been to the restaurant by myself a couple times and the owners make you feel so welcomed and comfortable! I feel like I'm at home when I'm there.
5	Someone please explain what I would have done before the advent of the smart phone and Yelp?  Eating a ton of terrible buffets in Vegas, that's what.  We came here after a friend suggested a buffet at Terrible's and my boyfriend and I were not in the mood for ANOTHER buffet.  After about 3 minutes of scouring the internet, we found this place.  Score.I was a little worried at first because of the hole-in-the-wall look on the outside with reflective windows.  I thought it was closed at first but I was dead wrong.  I walked in there was wall to wall Asians everywhere.  Good sign.I had the Hot Rock Pot Bi Bim Bop and my boyfriend had the Meat Combo over rice.  It was a great change up from what we normally do in Vegas.  If you have a car, it's just outside the strip and easily accessible.
5	i only had an hour to eat, and i quickly yelped this place and went today. As everyone else has been saying, the manager was awesome and i just straight up asked him what was the best. Got the combo plate with chicken, meat jun (i think beef with egg around it?), and kalbi. SOOOO good. I told him I loved veggies so he gave me all the traditional Korean veggies and refilled them! He was really sweet and came over with sirracha sauce later for me. I was albe to eat in literally, 30 min, but this was also at 3pm on a weekday! i'm from NC and was just visiting and i'm so glad i came here instead of eating something quick at a wendy's! Meat was perfectly cooked, seasoned and hot!!! :)
4	great korean hawaiian food. theres more emphasis on the korean dishes. i usually get their mixed plate.the owner is always chill and reminds me of a lot of my hawaiian college friends.i cant stop eating their salted boiled peanuts. if i had their salted boiled nuts at a bar i think life i would be grand.
5	Excellent service when we went.  The side dishes were all refilled for free and we even got a free plate of appetizer.  The food was tasty, and I hope to visit again when I'm in Las Vegas.
5	This is my favorite place to go when i am hungry for meat jun. The customer service there is really great and i just love how while you are waiting for your food they serve you side dishes such as boiled peanuts, kim chee, spicy radish and of course a local islander favorite hot dogs n onions. Mmmmm
5	I was so surprised with this place! The food was very good, very reasonably priced, the service was good, and everything was a good quality! Definitely a hidden gem!
5	Fiending good ol'fashion Korean food. This place is it. Great service. Great food. Near the strip and reasonable price. Their kimchi is the best!!! awesome!!!!!
5	I visited Las Vegas and was looking for a good Korean Restaurant. Based on Yelp's Reviews, I chose this restaurant.  Thank you Yelp's reviewers!Service was good. Food was excellent. I love this restaurant. I wish I could eat there everyday. I am Korean and I know what good Korean food is. This place has it. Kimchi is good. Bean Paste soup is one of best that I have had in the U.S. Kalbi was yummy. Actually I didn't have any single dish that I wasn't happy with. Food was so good, We had to visit here twice in our 5 day stay in Las Vegas.Food was cheap and portions were very generous..
5	Wow, so delish, such great service, and - so much food comes with the hot stone, no way I could eat even half! (I think they took a page from the Italian playbook!) And only $10!! Hot, filling, healthy and super efficient and very friendly. Awesome.
2	This place has received plenty of positive reviews on YELP. I am not sure why. I only came here for lunch because Ko-Mex was closed yesterday. From the outside, the place looks sketchy. However, I was pleasantly surprised at the clean and inviting dining area once we walked in the door. For lunch, I chose the Moco-Loco which was layered with steamed rice, a hamburger patty, a fried egg, and brown gravy. I asked for my egg scrambled, not fried. Oh well - I ate it anyways. The dish was good--not great. My wife tried the Korean noodle dish-Japchae. We didn't like the texture of the noodles they used for this dish. Imagine the texture of gummi bears while eating noodles. Because they were so spongy, no flavor stuck to them. Who wants to eat plain spongy noodles? Not this guy....My parents were with us since they were visiting from the Bay Area. They both chose the bibimbap (spelling?) which was a bowl of rice, vegetables, beef, an egg, and spices. The beef inside these bowls was bland, tough, and fatty. Oh, and the side of macaroni salad was way too salty.The service was spotty. For example, I didn't like that our entrees were coming out one at a time -every 5 minutes.  Plus, I was not offered a drink refill at all during lunch.  The more I write this review, the more I realize I don't really like anything about this place.
5	Amazing customer service. I love the friendly waiter guy with the nose piercing!!Staff: 5 stars!He is such a smiley person! He gave us more rice when my cousin wanted some after squirting waaay too much sauce into her bibimbap. He led us to the bathrooms. He basically solved all our problems one by one, all with a smile! Great experience after a hard night going HAM in Vegas. Food: 5 stars!Great Soondobu that really hit the spot. It's not THE BEST I've ever had, but it was great. The guys got the meat platters and that was great too. Bibimbap was great too. Very large portions so they're very filling! I recommend them all. Prices were great too!I would definitely come here again :) Recommended small mom and pop feel shop!
5	Really yummy food from the boiled peanuts through the pan-fried mandu to the combo plate!  Definitely a return trip location!
4	The food was pretty good, but come armed with lots of patience, because they are very slow to fill your order.The price was right and one full star goes to the cute friendly waiter that gave us a hug, Cheers!
5	Come for the Hawaiian food, stay for the Korean food. The Soondudu is awesome, very authentic flavor and the tea here is heavenly! The peanuts and kimchee are the best way they start off your meal. I will be back to try more things!
5	This place is a gem! the food is fantastic, I had the fish Katsu, the portion was huge and it was delicious. We also had the dunplings appetizer, they were so good I could have eaten them for the whole meal. The atmosphere is very family at home, like your own grandma is in the kitchen. We will definetly go back many times.
5	I had a hard time deciding how to rate this not because of indifference on my part, but rather with respect to what to expect. So let's just start with, if you're looking for the full-on Korean experience with dozens of bowls around you and formal, even surly, sullen service, this is not the place. But if you want some excellent food in a relaxed environment, you won't be disappointed.The name says it all: this is Korean (and Hawaiian and, coming up, Chinese/Korean) with island style. The owner (or the husband of the owner couple) just oozes chill; it's practically relaxing just talking to him. And he'll hang out and chat. Even call you "brah." The service overall is personal, informal, and pleasant.This is a tiny place; it's in a strip mall, and you'd be forgiven for not finding it right away. You have to look hard and hope that you're not being pressed by busy Sahara traffic.I was on my own, in town for CES. When seated, he first gave me a bowl of boiled peanuts to nosh on. Then came the banchan trio: kim chi, kaktugi (Korean radish kim chi), and bean sprouts. I'm reasonably familiar with kim chi (I make my own occasionally); this was good, although not particularly sour or complex. The kaktugi was great. He then brought out a separate bowl of this radish-green kim chi. This was absolutely excellent; spicy and sharp with a hint of sweet.I went with the spicy squid; really good. (Not super spicy, but then again, I have a high threshold.)Cost: around $15 for everything. Really. In contrast to many Korean places. And I left totally full.Apparently they have just installed three high-intensity burners (they had just been inspected and approved that day), and they plan to do Chinese-style food too, like black noodles. They will also hand-make their own noodles.Pity I don't live here; it would become a regular place for me. Clearly they have other regulars (one couple came in and the waiter asked if they wanted him to clean their regular table so they could sit there instead of somewhere new). Nice local indie place; that's where I like to spend my money when traveling, and I'll be back here at some point.
2	I don't know what happened here. I wanted to like this place so much. My hubby and I were trying to impress his parents who said they liked Korean food. He and I love Korean food and through going to countless places, we have begun to understand the Korean food menu. Good thing, cuz the in-laws were clueless and needed direction. Long story longer, they seemed to enjoy their food somewhat. They said it wasn't super good, but it was good. Ray L. reviewed the same experience as I did. Service was bad. Our waitress was taking our order and while I was talking to her she walked away and helped another customer. WTF?? I was talking to you ya freak! Next our food came out one at a time. BOO! No offers for refills....Ok that's enough. The guy there was very nice, almost too nice. He made some boiled peanuts for my in-laws to take to the airport. He talked about them like they were a delicacy. To be honest, my in-laws couldn't even stand the smell they made in the car and we had to pull over and throw them away.The place definitely has heart, I just wouldn't recommend this place to anyone unless they can be more consistent in service and food...
5	What an amazing experience! Yummy food. A waiter that treated us like family. Great prices. This place is the hole in the wall that we just love.But folks note that this is a hole in the wall ... we are talking about a small family run place that fuses the owners Korean and Hawaiian heritage. We love the peanuts that came to our table as we sat down. I ordered the combination plate and loved it. We also got a huge portion of kimchi. Yummy. I cant wait to go back to explore there other dishes.Then at the end of the meal our waiter brings us 2 coffees to go (which we did not order). He herd us mention we were driving back to LA and wanted us to stay awake.AWESOME!
5	Great service and great food.  Love the combo plate.
4	Decided to try here for lunch today based on Yelp reviews. Being hawaii born n raised and korean I figured it would be like back home. Not a huge place, 12 tables with 1 flat screen tv for viewing. I was pleasantly surprised to find they have rice cake soup(w/ or w/o mandoo) and chinese black bean noodles(jya jya myun) available here among other things. I was considering some chicken katsu, meat jun or fried rice til that caught my eye. I settled on black bean noodles. Side dishes included boiled peanuts, bean sprouts, kimchi, fish cake and pan fried hot dog & onions. All were good but the kimchi was a tad bland, probably due to it not being pickled that long. Service was good and my tab was $7+tax, pretty hard to beat for that much food. Rating may change with more visits but I will have to come back and try a few of the other hawaiian local food. I wanted to give this rating 4.5 stars but theres no half star option. From my first visit tho it seems like a good spot if you like hawaiian local style and korean foods.
4	I'm born and raised in Hawai'i, and live in Des Moines.  When I get to Vegas, first grind stop is Island Style.Dude.
5	Great service and personality from the owners. Great food.
5	I am from Bay Area, Norther California.  I looked up on yelp about this restaurant and I found out that this restaurant have really good review.  I ate in this place and I amazed with their service, they are really give full service.  Food, it's really good.  I tried combo and pot sticker. Love it and I will recommend to other friend when I visit back here.
5	I was Blown Away by the place. I got there because of great and fun clients of mine. The food was matched only by the friendly service. It looks like a hole in the wall until you get inside... Clean and bright AND most of all Delicious.
4	Went yesterday for a 2nd round. Was so tempted to go for the black bean noodles again but I figured I should sample more of their menu. Had the chicken cutlet. Nice crisp meaty chicken katsu and savory gravy. The accompanying mac salad was delicious too. Side dishes were slightly different this time. Worthy to note, the kimchi this time tasted a heck of alot better than the first time I went. There was also radish kimchis, bean sprouts, pickled radish and of course, boiled peanuts.Seeing so many foods I grew up eating and so familiar with, I almost feel like I need a 'super sampler' so I can try a piece of everything there.
5	If you want hawaiian and korean food!!! This is the place... The owners treat you like family!!!
5	Come with an empty stomach, the portions are huge and the service is awesome.
5	Great great great place!  It really is a secret gem in the middle of no where.  I went there and spent 10 bucks and got two meals worth of food!  It was healthy and delicious!  I am going to tell everyone I know.
5	Great service. Low prices. We were taken care of very well the entire time. Also good food. What more can you ask for at a restaurant?
4	My first time there... I got the Meat Jun (Beef) and it was very good.  I would order it again.  Then again... I like to try different entrees, so who knows.  The place was casual, nothing spectacular, the wait staff was quick  and friendly.  Pricing was very reasonable.  I'd go back without hesitation.
4	This restaurant has such a family feel to it!When we walked in, the tables were all packed with huge families and friend groups, showing you that this is a place you share with loved ones.  We were seated quickly and when the waiter came over, he asked if we had any questions about the menu (considering that half of it is written in an Asian language, I'm sure this is probably a concern!).  We ordered the Japchae, Combo plate, and a spam masubi.A few seconds later, the waiter comes back with all these complimentary apps!  What?!?!  Awesome surprise.  There were boiled peanuts, anchovies, bean sprouts, and radish/cucumber/bok choy kim chee.  I liked the bean sprouts the best; the dressing on it reminded me of seaweed salad.Then we got our food.  The spam masubi was a nice huge chuck of rice, spam, and seaweed.  The Japchae was a very large serving and it had some out of this world mushrooms and bulgogi in there.  The noodles were sweet and slightly chewy; an interesting texture.  The combo plate was excellent, a great way to try a little of everything so you know what you like.  The BBQ chicken was my favorite, and the kalbi beef was juicy and flavorful.  The Jun meat was not my cup of tea, I didn't like the egg batter.  Of course, I was really excited about the mac salad: very tasty and black peppery.I have to say someting about the waiter, because he is really what made this such an enjoyable experience.  I think he knew it was our first time there, so he kept giving us hints about what was good and how to eat some of the stuff.  He was sooo laid back, kind, funny, and welcoming, like we were best friends or something!  At the end of the night, the door opened and a big gust of cold wind came in.  My husband, who refuses to wear jackets, shivered and the waiter gave him some tea in a to-go cup to warm him up on the way to the car.  How sweet is he?
4	Went again, cept for the 2 kimchi side dishes being closer to raw and not much pickled. Still good but might kinda hit or miss on the pickled sides.
5	Great food and great service! They make you feel so welcomed, and they're very honest about the food items. If you're deciding among a couple of items on the menu, they will describe each item and tell you what they recommend and what not to get. Highly recommend checking it out!
4	This place was awesome. Good food fast service great staff. This is the first place I have ate in a long time that was this good. It is only a few minutes off the strip and worth the drive. I ate a Noodles in the Bellagio the day before and this place was better with bigger portions and about 20 dollars cheaper.
5	What more could I say about this place in leu of all other reviews? Well for one, I can say is this: For the price, the large quantity, taste and quality and great customer service gives this place a 5 star and no less.  A must try for the newbies out their is the meatjun, fantastic! They recently added a Chinese Menu which, unfortunately, makes it much more difficult to decide what to eat.  If you aren't sure what you're appetite is feeling like, the server an owners spend more than enough time to explain everything on the menu. Seating is sometimes limited due to locals who eat here on a daily basis but do not fear, expansion is near! The owners informed me that they will be expanding the restaurant this year to maximize seating occupancy! If you do find yourself waiting for a table however, the servers treat you with their famous boiled peanuts as an appetizer for the wait. They are also very attentive to their customers and always work quick to keep their customers satisfied.Last tip. If you see the owners son (cute boy with the nose piercing) say hello! He is the most friendliest server ever! And tell him Sam Kim sent you HAHA!
4	I found this place on yelp during my stay in Vegas. My boyfriend and I were trying to kill time since our flight came in wayyy earlier than our hotel check in, so we came here to have lunch. It was easy to find but the parking lot is soo small and crowded, so be careful driving around in there. The restaurant itself is small and can get very crowded during lunch hours. Luckily for us, we got here when it wasn't too busy but got extremely busy when we left. They serve Korean and popular Hawaiian dishes which made it extremely hard for an indecisive person to pick. I settled with the salmon teriyaki which was really good. Generous portions and decently priced.  The owner was EXTREMELY nice and made his way around checking up on us occasionally and even joking with us.
3	They are called Island Style but once you see their menu, you will discover that they serve Hawaiin, Korean, and American dishes.First off, if you are not actively looking for their sign, you are definitely gonna miss it. Even when I parked, I still had to look around for what door I had to go in. The door to their restaurant isnt labeled. So after sticking my head in there, I confirmed it. So I sit down and the nice lady hands me a menu. Just like that they put a small to go box of boiled peanuts on your table. I guess you can take it home if you dont finish? Nice. They also give you a glass of water by default. Also nice. But thats where I notice my good experience ends.I ordered Beef Teriyaki. They bring it out accompanied with a sampler plate of kim chi which consisted of cabbage, bean sprouts, some kind of radish, and sliced hot dogs? As for the Teriyaki Beef, they actually give you a decent amount of beef and rice. (refer to my pic). I probably would of enjoyed my meal better if I got a refill or two on my water. As soon as I got my food, the next time I saw the server, she was bringing out my check. I asked nicely for a refill on my water. I decided to pay with cash for I had a feeling it was gonna take a while for her to come back with my refill thinking that charging my card will also take some time. I wasnt in any rush or anything but there were people waiting to sit down and eat. So overall, I wasnt really blown away. My bill was about 10 dollars. I tipped 2 bucks which was what I thought was more than generous considering my mediocre experience. I dont think I will be going out of my way just to eat here.
5	Fantastic food. Hole in the wall but food was amazing. I had the Korea spicy chicken and was the best chicken dish I've ever had. Can't wait to go back again.
5	Updating just because I finally got to try their Kalbi ribs :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/island-style-las-vegas?select=g5EEsHyNUaXyCE3wbPOuXg#g5EEsHyNUaXyCE3wbPOuXgYes, they are amazing. Super tender, perfectly cooked (nice crispy edges, but juicy meat). Very very good...easily the best I have had so far.I really like the bulgogi here too :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/island-style-las-vegas?select=R5SJdQki0qihBEhbcRLlcw#R5SJdQki0qihBEhbcRLlcwFor the same reasons...it is very tender, perfectly cooked with the crispy edges and juicy meat.  The veggies soak up all that flavor and I find myself eating most of them!Handmade Pork Mandu (won tons) :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/island-style-las-vegas?select=4wMUr84rfQ5gJ9KIfvI9cQ#4wMUr84rfQ5gJ9KIfvI9cQVery yummy, especially with the sauce :) And of course, you always get an assortment of banchan here! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/island-style-las-vegas?select=8J7-AgkZ16tCrf_TvI2LFg#8J7-AgkZ16tCrf_TvI2LFgLots of goodies, and they always offer to refill, so don't be shy!Also tried a fish dish...sorry, don't remember the name, but it was a full fish on the bone.....Cooked perfectly and had plenty of flavor.Of course, the service is one of the best you will find in Vegas. It is cliche, but you WILL feel like you are family here. I love coming here...one of my favorite spots in town hands down!
5	Quickly becoming one of my favorite places for Korean food.Island Style aka Baek-il-an is a Hawaiian/Korean/Chinese restaurant that surprisingly gets all three cuisines right. I tried the Loco Moco from the Hawaiian menu and it was fantastic. I was a little disappointed that it didn't come with any mac-and-cheese but the ample amount of ban-chan will keep you preoccupied.If you like spicy noodles, I highly recommend the Bibim-Guksu. Simply the best guksu I've had in Vegas and possibly top K-town California guksu. My friend calls it 'the crackdish'. Yes, you will be addicted to it as well if you're a fan of bibim-guksu.If bibim-guksu doesn't excite you but you still want noodles, maybe you can try the black bean noodles or jajjangmyun. If you're REALLY indecisive the jjamjamyun is a great choice; one portion of jajjangmyun and another portion of jjam-bong (spicy seafood with noodles) on a single divided bowl.I'll have to say all the dishes I've had at Island Style/Baek-il-an has been satisfying. It seems a little awkward to have one restaurant host such a variety of different food but if they get it right, who's complaining??!?!!
4	My friend offered to take me out to lunch so we went to Island Style restaurant. The restaurant is small but has a T.V to watch sport center. I was really surprised when they brought us peanuts to snack on. The peanuts where really good and I ended up asking for more. The dish that I ordered was really good it was a combination plate. I will definitely go back to try other items in the menu.
4	Somebody took me to this little hole in the wall I would have never noticed/tried.  They were busy a 6pm on a weekday.  The tables reminded me of a high school cafeteria - tables close to each other and you can sit anywhere.  They have Korean and Hawaiian dishes for relatively cheap.  We were given some ban chan.  We got kalbi, bulgogi and mandu - all of which were good.  I can't say they have the best Korean dishes I've had but I guess for the price, it was reasonable.  I didn't get to try their Hawaiian offerings - I was full.Service was great.  The server was still nice even though it was crazy busy.  It was a bit loud and people were just chilling with their family.  Laidback atmosphere and not pretentious at all.  Truly Island Style!
5	2 words: Meat Jun.I just discovered meat jun on a recent trip to Hawaii with my boyfriend.  I'm so happy that he introduced me to this simple yet super tasty dish that I have just fallen completely in love with.  Thank you Jeremy C.!  Every since I had it at 3 different restaurants in Oahu, I had to find one in Vegas.Verdict: Island Style does not disappoint.  It is almost as close to the meat jun served at Millions in Oahu.  Flavorful well season beef inside a hefty egg batter served over white rice or fried rice!  Don't forget to dip it in their tasty sauce for an amazing trip in your mouth!Their dumplings here are a great appetizer too!  And the workers here; I believe a family that used to live in Oahu, are super nice and friendly.  We chopped it up with them about the Islands and food!  My boyfriend and I will definitely be back for the meat jun and to try their other menu items!  They're straight from Hawaii so I'm sure the rest of the food here is legit!  Yum!
4	I really didn't expect to find good Korean food out in Vegas. I mean, yeah, there are Koreans everywhere, but I'm from LA... Koreatown... etc.But I was thoroughly impressed with Island Style.We didn't end up ordering a lot of the Hawaiian style food, but next time I do want to try the meat jun or the loco moco.My boyfriend and I ordered naengmyuns and his sister ordered a dolsot (stone pot) bibimbap. It was a hot day! The naengmyun was delicious and so refreshing!!! I really enjoyed it. The bibimbap wasn't bad either. She didn't add in the gochujang (sweet spicy Korean chili sauce) at first because she was intimidated by the deep red spicy-looking color, but once she did, she loved it.We also ordered a short rib side to share. It wasn't the Korean style galbi I craved with my naengmyun (gal-naeng, anybody?!?), but it was still good.The banchans were all good as well. And of course, the boiled peanuts were awesome. Flavored just right.It's definitely a place for the locals. I kind of felt out of place, being from out of town.The service was on and off. Some of the servers were attentive and good. But the server that took our order completely forgot the sweet and sour pork (tangsooyook) my boyfriend wanted. We ended up cancelling that order because it just never came out. Also, I felt that the Korean workers were nicer to the Koreans. Even though I am Korean, I spoke English to the non-Koreans I was with and I felt that it cost me some quality service. But what can you expect... that's how most Korean restaurants are anyways.
4	I wanted to try this place out instead of going to another place down the street.  When we got there the restaurant had a good amount of people.  There were only a couple of tables open.  We ended up getting our food to-go.  While we were waiting to put our order in, we sat down at one of the tables since the whole place is tightly packed in with the maximum amount of tables they can stuff in the space without breaking fire code.  A server came up to us and asked us what we would like.  I ordered the Meat Jun, hubs ordered the chicken katsu and our 11 year ordered kalua pork and cabbage.  The server asked us also if we wanted a drink and hubs and daugher ordered Hawaiian Suns.  He even walked my daugher to the cooler to show her what they had so she can pick what she wanted.  I had Korean iced tea which I LOVE.  A couple more parties came in and ordered and all got their food before us.  I don't know if it's because we weren't Korean or because they were Korean or if it's because our food was harder to prepare?  Then, another server came up to us surprised like she didn't notice us the first 4-5 times she walked by us and gave us menus again.  We told her that we already ordered.  I thought that was funny.  We finally get our order after about 20-25 minutes which normally I would mind, but we had really no place to be.  The orders were correct and everything was really good.  It was my first time trying meat jun and I think I will always order that there.  Hubs liked his chicken katsu and daughter liked her kalua pork.  She didn't finish it all, but she's a tiny 11-year-old.  I will be back, but I might take my Korean friends next time to see how much faster our orders go through.  Lol.
5	I continue to love, love, love this restaurant.  The food is wonderful and the options are plentiful.  Since their merger with a Chinese restaurant, the menu has more choices, but honestly, I only come here for the mainstays of the Korean and Hawaiian fusion.  My kids are addicted to the Kalbi, and my husband always gets the combo plate.  I like to try something different each time I come, but I have never been disappointed by the combo, the bimbitbap,, the meat jun, the bulgogi, the kalbiand the kalua pork and cabbage.  Russell always has time to chat, though he is pulled in a hundred different directions.  This little place is always crowded, and I hope that with their pending expansion into the space next door that it will not lose its familiar touches that make every dining experience a good one-- like the boiled peanuts, the daikon, the bean sprouts, the fried hot dogs-- and the other that I cannot get enough of, not to mention the homey touches and the friendliness of Russell, his wife, and his son.
4	This was my first time out to Island Style and I went upon recommendation from a fellow yelp member. The place seemed truly authentic. There was a lady rolling dumplings towards the front and talking with other patrons. I had to try them since I watched her make them!We got the dumplings (beef), the combo plate, and a musubi. The dumplings were delicious. The dipping sauce was amazing. The combo plate was good. The BBQ chicken was awesome! Great flavor and cooked perfectly. The same goes for the short ribs. I wasn't really fond of the Meat Jun, though people on here rave about it. Didn't pack a lot of flavor and the taste of egg seemed to overpower the taste of the meat. The musubi was great as well, though seemed to lack sauce. I will definitely be back here again to try different items.
5	Great food ... Excellent service ...family own ... lots of aloha love ...
5	What is not to love .... Everything is soo good ... wish the place was bigger as they are getting very popular ... service is fast ... appetizers are free.
5	Everything about this place is awesome. Food and service! I came with a group of 7 girls and they were very accommodating even though it was a smaller restaurant. We first get water right away and all the banchan (free korean side dishes to compliment the entrees or just to enjoy alone)I ordered the combo plate with meat jun, BBQ chicken, and kalbi. So much flavor and cooked perfectly (not overdone or underdone)! Definitely dip the meat jun into the sauce!Next time I want to try the Jjajangmyeon (black bean noodle), the mandu (korean dumplings), and the Naengmyeon (cold noodle) which is always so refreshing in this HOT Vegas weather.Can't wait to come back!
2	I really didn't want to write this but .... cockroaches!!! Food was good but soon as I saw a cockroach on the lower wall. That means kitchen would be full of them. They need to do a better job after seeing what happened with Firefly. Owner lady seems nice and service was good but i can't go back to restaurant with bugs!! Sorry. Please get rid of them.
4	Service is great. The server explained their dishes & didn't just assume we knew what everything was. The food was a little greasy but so good. They served 6 different apps that included pickled radishes, cabbage & boiled peanuts. We ordered the combo & spicy pork, both were delish & filled us up, (Mom, 15 & 5 year old).
5	I love their Korean-style Chinese food. We had jja jang myun (noodles with black bean sauce), tang su yuk (sweet and sour pork with mixed vegetables), gan poong gi (Similar to salt and pepper pork with spicy peppers), and Sauteed vegetables and peppers with Chinese buns. Everything tasted just as good as the Chinese food back in Korea. There's always the same one server working there, and he provides greet service. He's always responsive, attentive, and friendly. I'll be a regular :)
5	The original owners Ivan (R.I.P) and Grace have been serving up some of the best home cooked Hawaiian/Korean food from this mini-strip mall on Sahara since the 90's. Ivan was truly one of the nicest people you'll ever meet! Always a good story about his childhood and he just love seeing his customers faces as they enjoyed the Ono dishes he would whip up! While Grace has since remarried, the place is still as good as I remember from back then!  She and her new husband have done an awesome job on preserving what made Island Style famous! Meat Jun and the delicious Kalbi are just some of the good eats you'll find at this place. The customer service, the ambiance and the food will just grow on you to the point that it will be a must eat spot every time you come and visit!
3	Tried because of Yelp reviews. Couldn't figure out where the hawaiian restaurant was because it shouted Korean all over the store front. Once I figured out that this was the place we sat down and looked at the menu. Not much hawaiian food. More korean wit h all the small dishes. Food was good but really expecting hawaiian cuisine.  This is a  mom pop's style restaurant that I like and will support them in the future.
5	WOW! After attempting to eat on the strip a few times and getting sick, I was in dire need of some wholesome, nutritious food {especially some rice} that wouldn't break the bank. After a few boring reviews, I came across Island Style Restaurant. We got there at about 1pm on Tuesday afternoon and were greeting in Korean, and were quickly offered a great table for the two of us (me & hubby). Huge menu - great selection AND -- there's a sweet lady sitting in the far corner of the restaurant making the "Mandu" (dumplings) -- we just had to try them. I ordered grilled chicken (came with rice and macaroni salad) and hubby had chicken Katsu (again with rice and macaroni salad). We also had to order 4 of the fried Mandu. You get the traditional Korean appetizers to munch on while waiting, in addition to these tasty soaked peanuts (which I found out is an "Island thing"). The food was superb, the service was phenomenal and I would totally go back again!
4	Came here due to the 4.5 star ratings on yelp and ordered 3 combos to go. The inside is plain as a small asian restaurant should be (you won't get that unless you're asian sorry). The staff were very courteous and gave us complimentary peanuts and tea as we waited for our orders. They even came around to check on us and refill our drinks (remember we're a to-go order there really is no obligation to serve us).The food was good. Meat jun was eggy and delicious, the meat was pretty tender and flavorful, and the kimchi was strong and funky. There was plenty of rice and for the price and location this was a good cheap lunch. I'd definitely recommend this place for those who are looking for a relatively inexpensive lunch option.
5	Why oh Why has it taken me so long too check out Island Style. Talk about some awesome local grinds. Think not even taped the surface of this menu! Geesh! I think this place taken over my top spot for local style plate lunch food. Plus if local food not your thing they have another whole section of the menu of Chinese. No doubt is coming too Island Style need too go local style!!!!!I keep hearing about the Meat Jun and its something always always been fan of when it comes too korean food. Toss up between Meat Jun and Kali bi. Only winnahs either or both. The Meat Jun was Amazing!! I love the fact that the egg batter outside not too thick but just right amount of coating not see the meat until dig in, outside nice golden brown, the meat inside has nice seasonings, and meat was moist. Tradition local style white rice and mac salad. I liked the mac salad. The portion size is great! All of it under ten dollars. Is there better deal for lunch?? Think not! Hawaiian food always get your money worth and more....One of the highlights was the sides that your meal came with at Island Style. Moist Korean restaurants been too can be hit or miss the amount they give plus the different types you get. Here you get five different ones. Although it was only me they were very generous with everything. Korean kim chee fan for life. The kim chee here not hot hot but still good. The roasted peanut action. Now if that doesn't speak too keeping it local style not sure what else can say.  It comes with anything you order almost like bread no charge. They even put it in a to go container so can take it home. Sweet! The service was great! U can tell local owners and care about putting out good local grinds. They just expanded couple weeks ago so restaurant is lot bigger. I went for lunch so the place was not too packed. Parking can be issue if go when busy since only parking in front of the restaurant. If looking for Meat Jiun Island Style the only way too go. No doubt plan on going back because Kali bi, Katsu, combo plates, fried noodles, and so much more too try.
4	I enjoyed the soondubu!  Delicious goodness.  The employees were nice and service was good.
5	Food and service is great!!
3	The hours of operation on their yelp page has changed from 10:30 to 11:00, I found out the hard way when I had to sit on the parking lot for an extra 30 min.  Also I was scrolling through some pics and the prices on the menu especially on the breakfast list has gotten changed to a dollar more on some of their food items.Other than that service was great, but personally I thought the food was mediocre.     I took the liberty of trying their breakfast menu since I'm a sucker for the loco moco but I felt that it wasn't on par with others that I've tried elsewhere in the city.  I got my bf the Portuguese sausage with eggs and it wasn't anything special either.  However, I don't plan in counting them out just yet, I will probably be back to try their Korean side of the menu to fully decide whether or not I will be a regular.
5	Simply the best Hawaiian Style Korean food your going to get on da Mainland!!! The home made quality and flavor is unmatched to any other so called "Hawaiian Korean food" - the best Meat Jun anywhere, even the Saimin is seriously good and authentic! I heard they get the noodles from Hawaii!! The Mandoo is made fresh and is sooo good!!!Aunty makes all the Kim Chee- so its good and fresh!!!Order the combo plate (Chicken, Kalbi, and Meat Jun) - so Ono!!!!If your a Local from Hawaii, and live here in the mainland, craving good Hawaiian Style Korean- this is da place!!!! Aunties got it going on!!! Trust me on this!!!!
4	If you have a car while you're in town, definitely check this place out!We ordered the meat combination plate, it comes with kalbi, teriyaki chicken, mean jun (meat omelette), macaroni salad and rice, wonton saimin and spam masubi... The combination plate is great if you want a little of everything! All the flavors were right on and the meat jun was cooked perfectly!The wonton saimin was really good, especially if you are in the mood for soup to help cure that hangover... the noodles were fresh and the wontons were really good, the skin wasn't too thick and the meat filing was good and generous!The spam masubi was a little dry, it needed a little more teriyaki sauce or something, so I wouldn't waste stomach space on this. While we were there, it seemed as though EVERYONE ordered the jajangmyun (Korean wheat noodles in a black bean sauce... i will definitely be back to try that out!!
5	just felt like eating some hawaiian food today and decided to try this based on yelp reviews...it's a hole in the wall but the service was AMAZING! the super nice owner came to our table a few times to make recommendations...went with the meat jun and i freaking LOVE it! it's obvious that the owner loves what he does, very happy guy and proud of his restaurant. food was superb, generous, and not overpriced. i will definitely go back again.
2	I saw the above-average reviews on Yelp about this restaurant, and decided to come by to try my luck. Not so fast, because this was one of the most unpleasant dining experiences I have had in the last several months. We arrived for dinner, as a huge group of 25+ people were leaving the restaurant. Service was dismally slow, as my friend and I sat there staring at the counter waiting for someone to take our orders. When they finally brought us a glass of water each, as well as the side dishes, the water was the most disgusting water I have ever tasted; either someone did not wash the glasses right, or the pipes in the establishment are filthy, because the water tasted like buttermilk. When the waiters got around to acknowledging us, the service was otherwise pleasant and attentive, and our waitress was very helpful in explaining the dishes. Food was otherwise quite tasty, I ordered a bibim kook soo that was everything I would expect from a Korean restaurant like this. At the end of the meal however, as I was eating some kimchi, I found an odd-looking vegetable in there, and lo and behold, there's a pickled flying insect inside of a leaf! Those cooks in the back really need to wash their vegetables better. Sorry to say, but my experience here was just awful.
5	Love Island style. Changed my ratings to a 5 Star* because of the New renovation!! Restaurant looks 100 times cleaner & it seems as tho business is booming as Well. Grate Upgrade on the room space.  Third time here & we Always walk out stuffed with left over's & a good conversation.  Enjoyed our favorite waiter Russell, brings a Real Hawaii Flavor Pigen.  Plenty Aloha (: would recommend this restaurant to All Hawaii people in Vegas!! Defiantly will be back soon. Like our waiter always says "Come Hungry" ..
4	I'm an ex-pat: born and raised in Honolulu, graduated from UH, then moved to L.A. to find fame and fortune.  Didn't exactly find either, but married an L.A. girl, raised a family, had a decent career and am now enjoying life.  We vacation in Hawaii about every other year still, and as I'm an honorary Angeleno, my wife is an honorary Local.  So we like Hawaiian culture and lifestyle.We visit Las Vegas at least once a year, and thanks to yelp, we found Island Style and made our first visit last week.  The yelpers were right on!  We liked the food and the Aloha Spirit epitomized by Russell and the young waiter who served us.  Besides tasting good, the food is comfort food for us.We LOVED the boiled peanuts that came before our food.  As we explained to Russell, every time we return to Honolulu we immediately go to Times Market to buy a tray of boiled peanuts to nibble with our beers on the lanai.  Taste just like when I was a kid sitting in Honolulu Stadium watching the Islanders (yes, I'm old).  The good old days!I won't go into a food review because other yelpers have done that. I'll just say that if you like Hawaiian-Asian food, da kine you would like to eat at home, dis is the place to find dat when you stay Vegas.Maybe next time I'll get some boiled peanuts To Go and have Happy Hour out by the pool of my mega-hotel on The Strip, LOL.  Hmmmmm....
5	Food is super killer here. My fav (since I'm not a beef eater): Fish Jun! But, based on other friend-made recommendations, you are probably still good trying either Jun; it's just so good!  I love the fact that they serve boiled peanuts when you dine-in too.  It reminds me of back home in Hawaii when boiled peanut was eaten so frequently that it was pretty much a staple already.Hawaii-style Korean grubs done right.  Chill vibe, good grubs, and the ever present aloha-style hospitality.  Always a treat!  Mahalos guys!!
4	It is worth noting that they have expanded the floor space. They took the empty space next door and tore the wall down. It almost doubles the seating capacity. Even though it was still crazy busy when I went with my sister for lunch last week. Service was a bit lacking at first. It was 20min before we could flag one of the crew to get some water. After that though we were taken care of well.
5	We've been coming here for years.  From the first visit they've treated us with great service, very friendly.  They have awesome Korean dishes with generous sides.  They recently renovated and expanded the restaurant to hold more patrons.  If you love Korean food, this place is a must.  It's also a family owned business, and they take pride in what they do.  You can tell by the quality of their food.
5	This was my First time here after being recommended by my brother. Upon entering I had a sense that the food was going to be good judging by how busy and packed it was in here. I Ordered the meat jun, I've had meat jun at other places and this is probably the better ones I've had. I liked how side dishes were served unlike other places I've been to, which I will not mention. Based on their food and service alone, this place deserves 5 stars. Island style has got to be Las Vegas best kept secret since they've been here for a while now and I've never heard of them until today. I will definitely be returning to their other selections.
5	Awesome food and great prices!  Yelp is wrong about time...Monday-Saturday 11-9. Awesome condiments with fish cake and cucumber, my GF favorite.  I like the hospitality of the owner, Russell.
4	Dined in at Island Style the other day and felt it was worth a 1 star upgrade to a 4.   On my previous visit getting the Combo Plate take out was a bit underwhelming, but this time I got the Bibimbap which was the first time I've ever had the dish and am now currently cursing my previous 30+ years of existence as a result.   Rice, Veggies, Beef and Egg all in a hot stone bowl (I know, I know, you all know this already).   Pretty much everything I need in my culinary life save for whiskey, cheese, and mint n chip ice cream all in one bowl for your dining convenience.   Highly recommended.
5	Food was perfect and came out quick. Delicious kalbi-  added a side of spam and they made it extra crispy for me! Love this place- our new favorite!!!
5	Me & a buddy ate here on Mon/23 Sep about 4:30 pm.  We each had the $12 combo plate.- My buddy would rate them 4 stars.  I'm giving them 5 stars for great value.- Dining in they gave us 6 Korean side dishes (cabbage kimchi, turnip kimchi, fish cake, bean sprouts, and 2 others) and even offered free refills.  Also left us a pitcher of water to go with our glasses of ice water (I prefer to have a pitcher at the table).- Combo plate was large with 3 types of meat, rice and mac salad.- Also gave us some Asian style (steamed) peanuts.- It was a lot of food for what we were paying.- Also, you're allowed to bring your own beers (we didn't but the waiter explained that the 2 other patrons with the beers brought them in themselves).  Island Style doesn't serve alcohol.- Will definitely be back.
5	Family owned and operated, this place offers an inexpensive meal with large portions and a great traditional Korean style appetizer spread. Don't let the exterior of the building fool you, this is great grub! Hawaiian/Korean fusion so you can enjoy spam and eggs with Kimchi1 -5 scaleFood 5 (comfort food for the island and the Sole) Service 4.5Price $8 to $12 a headThe atmosphere is a little like a dive, but the people and food are amazing. Go loco mocco
5	From the outside, the restaurant looks sketchy. Once your food arrives, all those negative assumptions go away once you take your first bite. This restaurant has Hawaiian food and Chinese / Korean dishes. I haven't tried the Hawaiian dishes yet, but I definitely like their Korean dishes. Keep in mind, they are closed on Sundays!
5	Very yummy better than most Korean places back on Oahu     Will visit every time I come back.   Combo plate!!!
1	Brutal!  Went here on the advice of someone working at a nearby business and was absolutely floored at how bad it was.  Ordered iced tea and it tasted like it was made from water filtered through nougat!  Yuck!  My friends meal looked very lackluster.  He said the meat was fine, but nothing special.  I had some long noodles with bulgogi.  I normally love this dish, but something was really off with this.  My friend finished, we paid the bill and left.  Ended up at Los Tacos next door and was thrilled I had discovered my new favorite taco stand.  Island Style came through with that at least.
3	So my friend and I were craving Hawaiian food and we ended up here. It didn't really hit the spot for what I was in the mood for. There wasn't actually that many Hawaiian choices, it was more Korean and some Chinese. They did give banchan, which was interesting. They had Vienna sausage as one, I wasn't quite sure how I felt about that. It felt kind of cheap. We ended up just getting a spamusubi and shared chicken katsu. The spamusubi could have used more sauce, there was very little and it just felt like eating spam and rice. My friend ended up just dipping it in the sauce of the banchan. The seaweed seemed like it was harder to eat than the ones I usually get at other places. The chicken katsu was okay, nothing amazing.On the plus side, the service was really nice. They made sure we had what we needed, but it started to feel too attentive. Everyone in the restaurant left and my friend and I were the only ones in there with the employees. They all started to stare and if started to feel like they were trying to close or something. They weren't, I guess they were just staring.
3	So I came into this thinking that I would literally die of awesome because it had come so highly recommended and it had always been on my "to try" list.I guess for some huge carnivores this place would be a huge godsend because omg meat meat meat but I honestly thought that the food was just okay. The combo plate meat was meaty and delicious but the mac & cheese that came on the side was insanely salty -- not exactly even meal quality.Overall...overrated and not worth going out of my way for.
5	So we were starved and looking for an place to eat when we came across this place, and how good it is. The amount of food for the few three items we ordered has been immense.  Crispy rice, orange chicken and gogobi beef were simply amazing.  Also had pork fried rice which tasted better than any I had before. When here look for Russell, he's an absolute gem.
4	The food is truly good here and a mix of authentic Hawaiin and Korean is interesting!  Most people sitting in the crowded restaurant were Korean (that's a first good sign).  They give out free peanuts when you sit down.  Only 2 things I will say about this place is 1) food is pretty salty both with the peanuts, panchan (bean sprouts) and meat.  I tongue was parched and salted like jerky by the end.  2) the prices have gone up!  I was looking at the pictures of the menu on here and the prices have all gone up like $2-$4 each (hence you see a new menu and scratched prices).Otherwise, the female waitress were a bit sour and unfriendly but the guys were super friendly and awesome.  The one we had was Hawaiian (had the accent and swagger) but looked Korean - there goes that "Island fusion style. "
4	I am always on the lookout for authentic food. Island Style never disappoints. I am a big fan of the hotpot bipimbop.(sp?) We tried the meat jun tonight it reminded me of matzo brie. :-) the servers are all super attentive and sweet. The owner Gina is always smiling and makes you feel at home.
5	Great hawaiian food. A little on the salty side, but that is pretty standard.
4	I love coming here because it's always a very inviting atmosphere. A bartender at the Bellagio suggested I try this place if I was looking for amazing Hawaiian food. Him being a Hawaii native, I took his word and decided to try it out. Russell and Gina are one of the nicest couples you will ever meet. Russell comes over and greets you with some boiled peanuts which are so addicting. We always order the combo and fried rice omelet which tastes amazing. My most recent trip my combo plate was a little too salty, but I didn't want to speak up. I'm so happy for them that they expanded into the space next door vs how small their place was when I first started going there. Best hospitality in town you feel like you're practically family!!
5	I loved it!  We were immediately served boiled peanuts, and then lots of wonderful Korean side dishes after we placed our orders. Everything I had was well prepared:  grilled chicken, kalbi, and meat jun (okay, maybe the meat jun was a little heavy on the egg, but it was delicious)... just like a great plate lunch on O`ahu.  My buddy's sweet-and-sour chicken wasn't what we were expecting, but it was great, too. The service was friendly and nice.  I was slightly apprehensive about the location, but the apprehension was unfounded. Yelp did not let me down.  I know where to get my Hawai`ian food fix when I'm in Las Vegas.  I even had them make me a Spam musubi to go... yum!
5	The combo plate was very tasty. Large portion size and Great service. Best Korean food on this side of town.
4	Looking for something different to eat while in Vegas other than the usual buffet, we turned to trusted yelp.  With all those stars, we chose Island Style.  After being seated, we were given  boiled peanuts.  They were addicting!  Russell came over and gave us some suggestions.  The three of us ordered the bbq combo, hot rock pot bi bim bop and fried rice omelet.  The bbq was nothing special, the kalbi was a little salty.  I loved the bi bim bop and the spam filled fried rice omelet was very tasty.   The prices were decent and the portions was plentiful.  You won't leave hungry.   Russel was friendly and provided great service.   He even gifted us with more peanuts.   We have found a hidden gem in Vegas.  We will absolutely be back on our next trip to Vegas.
5	The food was great! They were super busy but still attended to all their customers by refilling water/tea cups. Good Korean sides with your order. Priced well too! Definitely recommend!
4	Came here for one thing, and one thing only.  MEAT JUN.Only a person from Hawaii that eats Korean food knows what meat jun is.  Even Koreans from Korea are confused when I ask if they have meat jun on their menu!  Seriously!  I don't know if this is a hybrid of Korean food, a fusion of some sort, or just a dish created by a Korean that lived in Hawaii.  Besides Island Style, the only other place I can get meat jun is back home.  Luckily, the owners of Island Style are from Hawaii so they are in the know!  Doesn't hurt that this place is also less than 10 minutes away from my work.  Super busy place, so if you come for lunch especially be aware that parking in this little strip mall will be TIGHT.  You may have to park across the street or in the strip mall next door.Even with the hustle & bustle the service is pretty spot on.  After being seated the treats start.  Usually, if you're lucky you will get a basket of boiled peanuts.  I love boiled peanuts!  Brings me back to when my Dad used to buy bags of the stuff to bring home for an after school snack.  These folks are definitely from Hawaii.  Nice.Majority of Island Style's entrees come with a plethora of banchan.  In Korea, these are various side dishes that go with the meal.  We were in high supply that day, I think we were given a mix of 7-8 different banchan to enjoy.  Geez, I can't remember them all but we did have kim chee for sure.  It was real good, spicy, tangy, sweet...I even requested a second helping to go with my meat jun.  Wonder if they make it in house or if it's store bought?  Couldn't tell (and I eat my fair share of kim chee) but it was certainly tasty.On to the main, my meat jun.  What can I say?  It was worth the time and effort!  Island Style serves some KILLER meat jun.  It tastes the way like I enjoy whenever I'm back home on Maui.  Marinated bulgogi beef, lightly battered in egg, then pan fried to GBD perfection.  GBD?  Golden, brown, delicious, DUH!  Island Style cooked mine just right.  Not too heavy, not too oily, but full of delicate flavors.  Hints of sweet, savory, and texture from the egg?  Perfection.  Accompanied by the meat jun dipping sauce, a bed of hot white rice, a scoop of macaroni salad (yep, Hawaiian), and a side of kim chee?  Very good down-home eats.  No pretentions, nothing fancy.  A good meal.  The only thing that could have made it better was if there was an additional piece of meat jun on my plate.Entree wasn't too heavy on the pocket either, coming in at around $9 including all the banchan that was afforded to me.  Very good value.  In fact, most of the entrees on the menu come in around the $7-$9 mark depending on what you order.  And the choices are numerous.  I'm sure most of it is highly recommendable, but for now I'll be sticking to the meat jun.  My homey Korean-Hawaiian friend.  So take me back, back to da kine!
5	Really good - generous portion size, delicious flavors, reasonable prices, and great service. Will be coming back!
2	I need to begin with the horrid gangster Asian lady on the phone. I wanted to speak with a manager to inquire about a charge on my credit card, and she just said 'manager not here' and hung up on me. I called back to find out when the manager or if anyone could help me and she yelled like my mother would yell at me asking how I know about the restaurant and how could I have been charged if I haven't been there. What? I just told her I ate there a few days ago. Anyway she yelled again that she is busy and hung up on me again.  They were super friendly taking my money but when there is an issue they certainly don't care.  I ate here twice. Both times the black bean noodles were way too greasy (was trying to give it another try).  The champon seafood noodle soup was ok but just because you throw in a bunch of seafood it doesn't impress me if it isn't quality.  The kimchi fried rice was ridiculously salty so I just took it home and mixed white rice with it.  I think the great reviews exist due to personal taste, and Hawaiian style food is usually cultural not something most people like.  It's not like Italian or sushi where quality is a must, because from reading some reviews about this Island restaurant, quality is not a standard...cockroaches and dirty diapers? Definitely not appetizing.
4	They recently expanded and now offer Chinese/Korean cuisine as well. Chinese/Korean cuisine consists of three main dishes. Cha jhang myun ( noodles in black bean sauce) , champ pong ( noodles in spicy seafood broth) and tang soo yook ( Korean version of sweet and sour pork or beef. I grew up in New York and later Northern NJ where these restaurants were plentiful. There are none of these restaurants here in Las Vegas so I'm very excited. I've only tried the tang soo yook (pork) and cha Jang sauce and fried rice so far ( all delicious so far). But I plan to work my way through the entire menu soon!
3	Eh cuz, we go grind!Food from the 808.  Well kinda.  More like Korean take out and a spam musubi on the side for good measure.  Rant:1.  Hawaiian food and the iconic plate lunch is NOT Korean take out with four choices of vegetables.2.  Stop throwing pineapples on everything and calling it "Hawaiian".3.  Just because they say it on Hawaii Five-0, calling me "brah" or asking if I "hang ten" does not make you cool, it just makes you sound stupid.How does it stack up?Excluding the more traditional Korean items, these are island flavors.  Heavy handed on the salt and MSG, lots of sweetened shoyu (soy sauce) infused with ginger and garlic marinades.  Portions are West coast sensible, no two pound plate lunch.Kalbi, meat jun, BBQ beef, BBQ chicken all greasy, oily, and deeply flavored.  Two scoops rice, macaroni salad, some Korean style veg.  Done.  Hawaii Yeeps, think Yummys. A bowl of saimin (not ramen) with slices of spam, egg, kamaboko maybe some won ton and green onion in a supercharged MSG based bonito broth taste like Shiro's.  Exactly as it should.  The fried version, oily, salty and plain.  Hawaii hotel banquet quality.A-OK.  Kanak attack.  Out.
5	Food is Great!!! My fav spot! Always great service lots of tasty dishes.... And the best soondubu!
5	I've seen Instagram pics (obviously InstaFood is important to my eyes) about this place and I will forever be keen on trying (local) Hawaiian eateries here in Vegas.Especially when I see meat jun on the menu.One "Aloha Friday," two of my friends and I were off and since we were in the area, we came here as they just opened. After reading all the reviews on this place, I expected it to be a "hole in the wall" but, it was quite spacious with 10+ tables. I could see how it would be small when it gets busy but, it's not as small as a "Hawaii hole in the wall" would be. Anyways, when we first entered at 11:15 (15 mins after opening, there was already a couple people waiting on their orders. The gentleman that greeted us (I assume, the owner) told us to sit where ever we wanted and had so much energy that he basically told us the favorites within 5 minutes of sitting down.I already knew I was going to order the meat jun. Since another friend couldn't decide on what to order, she just ordered the combo. And my roommate ordered, fish jun AND luncheon meat with eggs.- Meat jun was good that the meat and egg batter was sweet. Slices of meat was thin but, thick enough that it didn't fall apart from the egg. The meat jun sauce wasn't to my liking tho as it isn't as vingegary as Jun's meat jun sauce but, the meat jun itself was good enough that I could eat it without sauce.******If I could eat Island Style's meat jun with Jun's sauce then life would be perfect.- The combo was good that the chicken and kalbi had a good marinade as it was sweet.- Fish jun was good for my friend but, not my cup of tea. He loved his luncheon meat meal out of the two as he hadn't had luncheon meat since being a kid in Hawaii.The banchan (Korean side dishes) is better than most places as they had boiled peanuts. Can I just tell you that I haven't had peanuts in FOR-EV-ER!Kim chee radishes and bean sprouts were yummmmy, too! Not to much spicy and wayyyy crunchy :)Oddly enough, the best thing about the whole meal was the hot tea. We had 3 cupfuls of hot tea before we left. The owner even took the bag of tea root out to show us and told us how to prepare it. I was so full after this meal that I didn't eat til 9pm the next night. And I still have leftovers!
5	I came here with my dad knowing nothing other than this was a Korean restaurant. Strangely, they had a Chinese section. Needless to say, I did not want to order from that side. Anyways...I went inside and we were greeted happily and even asked if we wanted to watch the football game that was on, and of course I did, so he sat us right in front if the tv. He just got some points from me just by doing that. Their menu isn't too extensive but their food was pretty good. I ordered the combo, which came with a kalbi rib, a piece of chicken, meat jun, macaroni salad, and rice. My dad got some sort of noodles which were really good too. I wish I knew what they were called, but it came with some sort if black sauce and some sort of seafood too. Our food came out promptly. I was happy with my portion and I was also happy with the service. They checked up on us regularly, gave us siracha without asking, and gave us cold water when we ordered hot tea. That's bonus points right there for me. To say the least, I was pleased with the service and food. They didn't do anything for mento not like them or what they were doing. I can tell you, I will definitely be back some time. I highly recommend!
3	It was interesting. I've never had Korean Hawaiian food before. It looks like people buy kimchi and other ban chan in bulk to go here too. I might go back and try other dishes before I completely write it off, but I wasn't impressed.Ordered:-Combo plate w fried rice-Mool naeng myun (cold noodle)-Chili japchaeThe combo plate was the best bang for buck. The galbi, meat jun, fried rice were all good.. not amazing. Mool naeng myun was terrible. I usually don't order it unless I'm really in the mood, because I haven't found many places outside of Korea that can make this well. Unfortunately, I happened to be in the mood for it. Sometimes I can tolerate it by adding vinegar and mustard to cover most of the taste. This one didn't taste like much of anything even after adding the mustard and vinegar. Probably one of the worst / bottom five.We ordered chili japchae which we thought was regular japchae with peppers to add a kick. Instead, it was stir fried onions and peppers, which confused us. It tasted like a thai dish I've had and was pretty good, but not what we expected at all.The kimchi was good, so I wouldn't mind buying this to-go.
1	went there because high rating, but price was not worth what we got... i wouldn't go there again! Food was ok but nothing special... place was crowded and had to wait for long time to be served.
5	I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it. It really reminded me of the feel of being at a restaurant in S. Korea. My party sat down and we were immediately given "water" (It's this tea that is given all the time in Korea instead of water.. Bori cha? or something like that). The older people got hot drinks, and the younger people got the iced version. Not sure if that's a cultural thing... We ordered mandu (dumpling) soup, half champeong (spicy seafood noodle) and half jajungmeun (bean paste noodles), and pork + cabbage with rice. We got a few good standard side dishes, too. The main dishes were very flavorful (maybe too salty). The shredded pork was a bit dry, but I enjoyed it anyway. I thought it was awesome how you can do half of the champeong and half jajungmyun. Brilliant.They gave you boiled peanuts in a styrofoam box if you ask for it. I think some tables just got it without asking... It's free... I'm not quite sure how the system works. The workers there speak Korean and the younger workers are bilingual. Service and food coming out was fast. For what this place is, it's excellent. Nothing fancy. Somewhat hole in the wall. Just straight up authentic.
5	It is in the scary looking, old mall. By the way, they have great food. Everything I've tried was good. Price is very reasonable too.
5	Great food and an even better value. Every dish that I've tried so far has been very tasty and enjoyable to my Asian palate. As a bonus, each of these dishes were at least $5 cheaper than what I am accustomed to paying in my hometown. It's a great alternative to food on the strip and well worth the 5-10 minute drive.
5	As someone who goes back to the islands 3-4 times a year and hangs at the local spots, this is as local as it gets. Awesome island grinds with some Korean favorites, but also the awesome Korean appetizers. Food is ono, really tasty, generously portioned, and an excellent value.Above all though, the service from the staff is warm, friendly, inviting and worth coming in for alone. For a taste of local island food or some Korean favorites, check it out.
5	We have been looking for a place like this for the last year.  We are from Hawaii and this was some of the best saimin we have had in a long time! Get the combo plate or the teriyaki pork and you cannot go wrong!
4	This is no frills dining with food that makes up for atmosphere. The place was packed and it took a while for our food to be prepared but the outcome was rewarding. My daughter had musubi while I tried the mixed grill plate. The banchan was fresh, spicy and a wonderful prelude to the entrees. The mixed grill plate was the epitome of what grilled meat should be; juicy yet crispy and full of flavor. This was the first time i had tried meat jun and that egg covered steak was uniquely satisfying, will definitely order it again. The service was attentive despite the number of people being served.
1	This was mom's favorite place until today. We came as a family of 6 and since they expanded, they now add an automatic 18% gratuity. We ordered several dishes to-go and those were also included in the 18% gratuity. We asked the owner to take it out but to no avail. This is not an 18% gratuity place. Never going again.
5	My family came here thanks to the gushing yelp reviews, and could not be happier with our experience! This restaurant looks pretty sketch from the outside, and the ambiance inside is quite humble. But the service was mind-blowing; the waiters who served us were knowledgeable, friendly, and considerate. Their warmth and humor immediately put us at home. I'd say the friendliness of the wait staff was the best part of the experience.The food was also top-notch! I was totally blown away by the meat jun and pork katsu-- so juicy and flavorful!! The seafood udon and jap chae were also alright. The only disappointment was the bulgogi, which was a little on the dry side. I wish we got to try more of the menu, since all the food ordered around us looked and smelled incredible.A final plus the serving sizes here are RIDICULOUSLY huge. Great value for money, definitely hope to come here again in Vegas :)
5	The best Korean restaurant in town.  Located on Sahara Ave, they offer pretty good deal for the price. As my husband says, "In vegas you can get what you paid for!"  Yes, that's right!  I ordered Soon dub with seafood. Ono!  Spiciness is just right for me.  My husband ordered Combo, which comes with Kalbi, Chicken and Meat Jun. This is his favorite plate.  He used to come here with his dad when he was alive and my husband was living in Vegas. They recently renovated this place and according to my husband, the place is double the size of before.And the price is reasonable.  I def recommend this place.
5	This is fast becoming my favorite restaurant in town.  The food is authentic and the owners are so hospitable and nice. I love that they've expanded and now offer Chinese/Korean cuisine as well. I recently met up with some friends and we had chajhang myun ( noodles with black bean meat sauce) champhong ( noodles in spicy seafood broth) tang soo yook ( sweet and sour pork or beef .. They recommended pork .. This seems west coast .. East coast it's always done with beef) side of kalbi and everything was delicious! Portions are large and service was good. Cans of soda were only one dollar! I also did a takeout order of combo meat plate and oxtail soup. Wow the oxtail soup was so good I almost cried cause it really reminded me of my mom's. Anyway if you haven't tried them please go you won't be dissapointed :)
5	Seriously the most excellent customer experience I have ever had in a long time. The food is equally good, if not, better. I have a mixed group if Korean and American friends. I am Vietnamese. I'm big on food, delivery AND service. I got all of this within my first few minutes at the table. The place is packed and we were still greeted by the owner and instantly we knew he was an amazing person! The sides were instantly brought out in abundance to keep our starving stomachs happy until our order comes out. He gave us both versions of kimchi. And we loved both. The white seaweed was new for me, but I enjoyed the taste. I got a big bowl of seafood deluxe, #41.
5	The meat jun is the best in town. I especially like the meat Jun sauce and the Kim Chi. Russell is a very gracious server and gives generous  food portions. I only wish they would open more  locations here in town.
5	My first time here with the brother and we didn't know what to order!I've read many great reviews about this place so I wanted to make my belly happy as well.  I ended getting the seafood Soondubu and the brother had a combination plate. When we sat down the server brought out ice cold water and Banchan (small dishes of food served in Korean cuisine).  Let me tell you, the Banchan were not small.  I personally killed the kimchee radishes myself.  Sorry brother.The Soondubu (spicy tofu soup) came out boiling hot (burn-my-tongue hot).  First time having this so I was quite too excited.  It came with mussels, clams, shrimps, and a side of flavorful fried fish with a small bowl of rice.  I expected the soup to be a little more spicy but it was not spicy at all (for my taste).Brother enjoyed his plate but was wanting more rice.  I had a bite and the meat was tender and juicy.FOOD COMA!
5	This place has amazing service. Russell is so welcoming and a great guy. Gets busy sometimes but for good reason!
5	My dad always needs Korean food on trips, so I found this place on yelp. As the reviews show, definitely worth a visit. May look kinda shady and closed from the outside, and it is in the middle of a complicated plaza. But don't run away. They have such friendly servers and the warm tea (boricha) is delicious - freshly brewed - I had 5-6 cups alone. I got the kalbi-tang and loved it.
5	Another outstanding meal at Island Style.  This remains one of my favorite restaurants in all of Las Vegas.  Russell and his wife are always so welcoming, and the food is always fast, hot, delicious and plentiful.  They never let our glasses get half empty or our stomachs to go without some gratifying morsel.  They are always going above and beyond, like bringing us extra mandu or topping off my kids' meal with an Otter Pop!  This place is a gem, and it deserves so much to be on map of great restaurants, but yet I want it to remain small and intimate and familial like it is.  My family and I want to yell it from the rooftops--- WE LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	their food is always AWESOME!!! where i work and peeps from Hawaii or even peeps that visited the islands who crave for local food i always suggest here as number one on my list then some other places for local foods.
3	This is a real Korean restaurant, definitely serving the Korean community. My friend and I were the only white folks in this 20-year old restaurant, and got some weird looks from the regulars.Imagine a fusion of Polynesian-spam-based lunchroom, Korean kim chee joint and basic Chinese restaurant. Usually, when we hear "Korean," it's some sort of Asian BBQ joint. Not this place.Upon sitting down, you will get a number of different pickle-type appetizers. We got two types of kim chee, kelp noodle in a mayonnaise sauce that was quite new and tasty, boiled peanuts, and bean sprouts in brine.We ordered the pan-fried dim sum and it was adequate.We ordered the fried chili shrimp and the meat-and-seafood stir fry. The waiter warned us that the stir fry was the real deal, with sea cucumbers (sort of a cross between mushrooms and squid, but slimy). And indeed it had sea cucumbers, but nice enoki mushrooms too. I'm honestly not a huge fan of sea cucumbers but as the wait dude promised, they help make a nice gravy.Both dishes had a mix of fresh vegetables and that staple of Polynesian/Chinese lunchrooms, mixed frozen vegetables of cut string beans, corn, cubed carrot and peas. I put that mix in canned chicken noodle soup to increase the nutrition content, but otherwise don't see much advantage to adding frozen mixed vegetables to real food. Nothing to write home about; good solid food. I would be happy to try other items on the menu.
5	I absolutely love this place. It's a nice Hawaiian/Korean joint but they also serve some Chinese food too :) The service is great, everyone is always super friendly and welcoming. The food tastes delicious and comes out on huge plates. Their appetizers are all free and refillable.I usually get a Cutlet (katsu w/ gravy). They flood it with enough gravy to eat with my rice, which is just how I like it. Also comes with macaroni salad which is pretty standard at Hawaiian places, but I like that their macaroni salad isn't smothered in mayonnaise.Other than that, I like the loco moco, kalua pork, bbq combo, and bi bim bap bowls. Honestly, everything is delicious here and definitely worth a visit.
4	I loved this place and I would of gave them 5 stars if the menu had a little description of some of their more traditional foods. My fiance ordered the hot-stone bowl and I had their teriyaki beef and rice.They start you off with about 6 small plates of cucumber salad, and varies kinds of kimchi.
5	We have been coming here for over 20 years. We are never disappointed with food quality and service. They remember you by name and make you feel welcome. They have recently expanded. Very clean, very family oriented. A great menu with a mixture of local Hawaiian foods and Korean foods. Our favorites are the friend mandu and bulgogi.
5	Tried this place for the first time today and it was amazing! I got the stone pot bibimbap and fell in love with it. My husband got the combo and he really liked that too.The service was excellent! Our waiter was super friendly and answered all of our questions. He even brought extra rice and a Popsicle for our 2 year old son just because. We will definitely be coming back here!
3	I just came here because it was listed on Best of Yelp... as far as Hawaiian food, I think L&L's is better and half the price. Tip: No free refills
4	This is the perfect place if you want generous portions and great food at a reasonable price!! It's a little off the strip, but I think it's definitely worth trying. It's located in a small sketchy looking plaza, and may get crowded at times.I ordered the bulgogi plate whereas my friends got the meat jun combo. Our meals came with a small assortment of fresh banchan. I really liked the kimchi, seaweed salad, and boiled nuts. Before our entrees came out, I was already full from stuffing myself with the banchan. The bulgogi was very delicious! I enjoyed every little bit of it - even the leftovers. The meat jun was pretty good as well. And all for around $10. What a steal! My only gripe is that they mixed up my order, which led to a bit of a delay with my entree. But luckily the banchan was there to satisfy me in the meantime. Also their cups have a strange yellow tint we just could not figure out.
3	.. Korean/Hawaiian/Chinese joint. Not in the best neighborhood but brings in the visitors. First time stopping for by lunch, and we ordered the hot stone bibimbap, fish cutlet, and got an array of banchan (which included boiled peanuts, first time seeing this..!) I've seen cheaper prices but still somewhat decent. The service was your average Asian service. They weren't rude but not as attentive as we would have liked.. but I'll let it slide granted they were busy.I don't know if I'll be back. I usually go to tofu hut if I crave this kind of food.
5	This place was amazing! This was my first time eating Korean fusion and I was so impressed with the food and the service. Our server was really thorough and brought us lots of goodies to start; kimchi, radishes, zucchini, and bean sprouts. I ordered spicy chicken and it came with white rice and a macaroni salad--soooo good! I also had a spicy cold noodle dish (forgot the name) but it's a must try! Russell has excellent customer service and took care of this newbie.
5	My favorite casual local spot! The Korean food is good and inexpensive, with lots of little branch an sides which they will usually refill at some point. The owner recognizes me, and can usually guess my order :) I have never tried any of the Hawaiian food, but the hot stone bibimbap and the spicy seafood soup are both yummy!
4	I'm surprised I've never reviewed this place, having been here several times over the past 7 years or so!Great friendly service and delicious Korean and Hawaiian food that just screams out home-cooking. They provide boiled peanuts in the beginning on top of the regular banchan! There's also barley tea at times. This place is pretty nostalgic for me. It popped my soon dubu cherry and I've been a fan of the dish ever since I tried it here! The owner is super friendly and unique with his Hawaiian-style hospitality. I haven't seen the son around recently but he used to work there and would pimp out my mul naengmyun with greens and spices! Good 'ol days.Lately I've been going there for the mul naengmyun. My boyfriend loves the jjajangmyun there. They expanded as well, taking over the Hawaiian souvenier store next door. Some of the tables have become a cafeteria style where you may end up sitting next to strangers. I think it's kind of cute and nostalgic. Island style is definitely a local favorite, having been here for so long and providing consistently awesome service and delicious food. My only gripe is that it's more expensive than most other Korean restaurants I go to but you know what to expect here. There are also TV's for your viewing pleasure. All in all a great family restaurant.
5	I've always heard great things & it did not disappoint! :) The prices are insanely reasonable for the amount of food you get. Banchans differ everyday & they're quite generous. The combo is the mister's go-to meal. For around $12, you get so much food for the combo. I opted for the Hot Rock Bibimbap. OHMYGOODNESS! Love at first bite. And it was around $10. We also ordered Mandu because we couldn't resist. A lady was making them a few tables away so I definitely wanted to try home-made Mandu.All in all, this is such a great spot to eat. Definitely felt like we were back home in Oahu. With its name, Island Style, you'll most definitely notice the warm, Aloha spirit from the workers and the delicious food they serve. ONO!
4	Wow! Mom and pops Hawaiian fusion Korean is the type of style food this is:: I had my soondobu:: or spicy tofu Soup:: it was SUPER spicy ( which I love) and I enjoyed it:: sizes are big here which is like Hawaii style to me:: they even give Korean side dishes! So they have a really shady location but the service and good food make up for it:: I enjoy hole in the wall joints:: this makes that list:: will be back to try more goodies!! They are super Keiki Friendly!! Most hospitable service I've ever had! Super mom and pops! Thank You! \000/ :: Shaka mahalo!
5	Great food and great service. I felt like I was the owner's personal friend. The teri chicken and ribs were delicious.  The meat jun was incredible,  but what really impressed me was the service. I felt like a guest in someone's home. That's how it's done!
5	One of the BEST Hawaiian style places I've been to since I left Hawaii. I always make it a point to stop by here when in Vegas!
5	This place is unique. They offer a mix of Hawaiian and Korean. But, it's not as confusing as it sounds. I love to read reviews on yelp and had to express how awesome this place is.. From the service to the the incredible food they offer, I  feel obligated to write such a reviewLike everyone else has said, the owner is a hard working guy, and takes pride in his food....and I can taste it. I am grateful this place is thriving (they have been open for 20 yrs +) and I'm  fortunate that I've had to the opportunity to experience it.I have never a bad dish here....the free starter dishes are amazing, and if you are new to this style of food I recommend the combo hands down. I could go on and on, just try it for yourself and you will not be disappointed.PSBoiled peanuts.... So goodAndy
5	My honey asked to eat good home cooked comfort food! (For us that's Island grindz-Hawaiian style)
5	This place beats all the hawaiian joints I've ever tried. Once inside this mom and pop shop, you'll be comforted by the simple Hawaiian-esque inspired decor. Didn't really know what to expect. The menu speaks for itself as it offers a fusion of hawaiian and Korean dishes. Had to order a little bit of everything from loco moco, teriyaki salmon, meat jun, Korean dol sot bibimbap and to saimin...there were so many more dishes I wanted to order, but my belly had expanded to the max. Service is fast and friendly. Very affordable. There was no wait for lunch on a Saturday. Definitely check this place out when you're in Vegas.
4	Delicious food! Our server was so attentive and friendly. Both Johnny and I love it here and the service just drove it that much higher! Great Korean food with some local island flavor (spam musubi, chicken katsu, loco moco, etc) highly recommend everyone to try it here! And if Korean or local (Hawaii) style food is not your cup of tea no worries they got you covered with cheeseburgers and fries! Food isn't super spicy, but packed with lots of flavor!!!  Go get you some!
5	This place is so good. The owner is so friendly and good with managing his customers. It's a mix of Korean food and Chinese food and Hawaiian food. I shared the neng myun, kalbi combo, mool mondu, and tang Soo yu. The neng myun was the best I've ever had. The kalbi combo was really good, it came with a fish that was really good. The tang Soo yu was very authentic and delicious. I would come here again!
5	First off, I would like to say, that this is one of the best restaurants in Vegas.The service is super nice. They really make you feel at home. The owners make you feel really comfortable and like to make a conversation. They're all super friendly and the good comes out super fast as well.  I was writing this review while I was sitting down, and the owner comes over and hands my sister and me otter pops...I had the Kalbi + Soondooboo combo, and it was super delicious.  It was so big... At first I was expecting meat and the soup, but then fish came out, and it was so good... And the taste was absolutely amazing, better than a lot of restaurants that specialize in Soondooboo...This is by far one of the tastiest restaurants I've been to, and based off of my experience here, I would strongly recommend everybody to come and try it, because they will guarantee, give you the best service and food.
5	Love love love Island Style!Had the pleasure of sampling the bi bim bap in stone pot for $10.95, meat jun, teriyaki chicken, and moco loco. Everything was excellent. My favorites were the bi bim bop bowl in stone pot and moco loco. Mashisoyo! soooo tasty. I will be back as soon as I can.
5	This place is bombskies.  We got the combo plate (meat jun, kalbi, and BBQ chicken) and the kalbi plate to go.  I'll admit that the $17 kalbi plate with 4 slices of kalbi was a little more pricey than it should have been.  However, that was probably the only setback we had with this restaurant.  Even though we were only getting take-out, the service was awesome.  Employees were smiling, friendly to customers, and really turned "just picking up some food" to an experience which makes me want to try this place again (and wouldn't mind dine in).This really is an island style Korean BBQ kinda place.  The plates even came with kimchee and mac salad.  Definitely worth going back for!
5	Had to try this place with all the great reviews.  I had the fish jun and was not disappointed.  Lots is side dishes and boiled peanuts too!   I'll definitely go back the next time to try some of their Korean dishes. Service was fast and friendly too.
5	Ordered take out last night and it was my first visit here. The place was packed on a Friday night and I'm pretty sure I took the last parking spot in this very crowded stripmall. I've never had Korean food before so I went with the most popular yelp item reviewed... the meat junFrom the first bite, I was in love. There's this burst of flavor that reminds me of food I've had in Hawaii (go figure). I know something is good when I can't stop thinking about how good it was and when I can get back. Thank goodness I live close by  so Island Style will be one of my new hot spots. I'm definitely looking forward to the eating in experience.I have to thank yelpers for finding this as I don't think I honestly would have ever tried it on my own.
5	Absolutely love this place I live right near it for 4 yrs never seen it till today . great service, I love how they speak Korean . server was super nice . I ordered the hot stone pot bi bim bap . ive never had it so the sever came over showed me how to mix and what to put in it . the kalbi was soft and delicious I had no idea that the mang chun was gonna be one of my faves . the jajang was the best I've ever had taste so different than the others . this place was a hidden gem deff. Coming again .
5	This is as good as it gets! From the customer service to the delicious Meat Jun!! Hard to find somewhere yummy and as friendly as they are. They are cheap and are constantly refilling your sides. Will definitely be back, shoot I may stop by today! Lol they get busy!!
5	This was our first time here. The food was great the service was friendly and they give you boiled peanuts when you sit down what more can you ask for! The Loco Moco was large and very tasty!
5	Great food and great owner. outside looks not so good, but the food is great. cold dish is very good. the combo is the best. wish they serve beers.will come back.
5	Awesome everything!!  Service, food, friendliness, never misses!  Gotta come back to try the new menu!
2	Was expecting more fusion dishes, ended up being just another Korean restaurant. Food is pretty good for Korean, but we came here specifically for the interesting element of Hawaiian + Korean. And we saw none of that on the menu.
5	Very friendly service! Food was pretty good and a good banh for your buck. The store is very island friendly and makes the atmosphere very enjoyable. Definitely recommend to try something different in Vegas. And my gf is Korean and she gets home cooked meals and really like this restaurant's food! ^^
5	Uncle Russell is always friendly and treats us like family. The food is Hawaii style Koran and authentic korean.
5	This is my second time here since I'm trying to watch my girly figure lol. I ordered the chicken cutlet with brown gravy and a side of 2 eggs. I love how they even have brown rice for the individuals who are trying to be healthy. The chicken cutlet was on point and didn't have fat like most places do. The eggs competed this meal with the brown gravy. I highly recommend this place, the price may be a little steep but they give you huge portions. Btw, they even have a local braddah from Big Island who works there..
5	Love the new look of Island Syle! Love their cold noodle as always. The food taste even better than before. Don't forget to try Chinese food also. I strongly recommend to try ja-jang-myun with tang-su-yuk. Having a restaurant where u can have both Korean  and Korean-Chinese dishes are blessing. Family atmosphere and nice service. Try!!!
5	I've been here when it was just a quarter of the size it is now. Russell was always so great with his customers! They even incorporated a Chinese addition to their menu. The menu is Korean Hawaiian fusion.The restaurant is much larger now but the food seems the same which is the most important. I love their meat jun, it's a meat cake fried in egg batter and it's paired with macaroni salad, rice, and of course your traditional korean appetizers. It's a joint perfect for asian cravings.
5	This was a memorable experience and a new LV eatery to add to the list - the other two being Palace Station and the Cosmopolitan pizza joint. I thoroughly enjoyed the combo which had BBQ kalbi, chicken and meat pancake. Sides complemented it well. Great flavors without any overpowering. Service was quick and efficient. Look forward to trying other dishes they offer. Solid.
5	Love this place all around. Somewhere you can bring the kids or lunch with co workers. All staff is extremely friendly and always bring out items to try and not charge. Before you order, they bring out 5-6 special appetizers to munch on before your meal arrives. It's a family ran business, I didn't realize till about the 4th time that the owners serve the customers directly. Food is amazing and very authentic. Favorite is the hot stone bowl and seafood soup
5	First off, staff was really friendly and attentive to customers. Second, the peanuts are to DIE FOR!!!! If you are an old school traditional Chinese like me, you would love their boiled peanuts! (the owner even gave me a box togo!) I got the tofu soup combo with kalbi and a hot stone bibimbap. The tofu soup was like the ones you get in Cali and the kalbi is very well marinated. I am still thinking about back tomorrow even though I have already been there twice this week.
4	Excellent service and really great food. I'm obsessed with their Mac salad! I had the fried saimin and it was very fresh! The appetizers were a nice touch too.
3	The resturant is a small and very homey, but there was a lot of trash out directly outside of the resturant. The owner was extremely pleasant; I havent had such homey service in a very long time, he obviously cares about his customers. The Korean side dishes exceeded my expectations, all of them were good.  Jiajungmyun (black bean noodles) are delicious! Soonduboo had very good flavors but wasn't spicy enough for my personal preference. The fried saimin was amazing.I decided to rate this restaurant with three stars because, even though the food was decent I wasn't blown away. I understand that the restaurant is a mom and pop style but the overall restaurant wasn't very clean, the menu was absolutely disgusting!
5	Located in a stripe mall.  No decor but very homey atmosphere.  The service was excellent and the waiter (probably the owner) was very helpful.  I had the Korean hotpot and it was excellent - very tasty.
4	solid meal. ban chan was fresh and on point, particularly the seaweed squares and bean sprouts (it's the little things, you know?). everyone was super friendly, which we don't always experience when we're out with our three-year-old. one of the ladies even showed him how to put rice on the seaweed and eat it right up =)we had a full order of the pan-fried mandu (best dumplings we've had in a long time!), bi bim bap (had to get the egg overhard, per my midwife's orders to not have over easy eggs, but it was still delicious), and jjangmyeon (my husband's fave, which he said could've been spicier). we left happy and full, what more can you ask for? thanks, island style!
5	This place is legit!  Delicious food, great service, the owners are very friendly and even poured me some hot tea when I finished.  Katsu chicken is very crispy and flavorful. The sauce is definitely home made and delicious.  Will be back to try the Korean menu next time!
5	I freaking love this place. I love coming to Vegas for Aloha Specialties because there aren't many Hawaiian food places in Cali. But we decided to try it and I never knew how well Island flavor could be done with a Korean taste. Came here the next day as well I wish I could give this place more stars.
5	Delicious! sweet and sour pork is great. Good value unlike the franchise restaurants.
5	This place never disappoints. I've been here 3 times and have been completely satisfied each and every time. The portions are a nice size and prices are tremendous.  It's a definitely worth the short drive from the strip if you rented a vehicle.
4	"My dad was a cook during the Korean War. Something very bad happened,ever since you can't get him near a kitchen."  George Costanza, SeinfeldExcellent mashup of Korean w/ some local Hawaiian style... really reminded me of home.  Get off the strip and over to this spot for some down home cooking!1.  boiled peanuts - appetizer, to keep you busy until the ban chan comes.2.  Ban Chan - radish, cucumber & cabbage kimchi, plus sliced hot dogs w/ caramelized onions - niiiiice!3.  KimChi Cheegae - Kimchi stew w/ sliced pork, bubbly goodness4.  Soondooboo seafood (bonus: it came w/ a little fried fish) very flavorful, calamari, shrimp, mussels, clams, yeah baby!5.  Meat Jun - very local & Korean dish, it's making a comeback in restaurants - thin sliced beef dipped in egg and pan fried... soooooo good.6.  Kal-Bi, sliced across the bone, very tender and came sizzling.Got Rice? Happy Tummy... it was just the two of us, man we did some damage!
5	Great food and great service! The owner is very friendly and made you like like you're in Hawaii. Combo plate was wonderful and the fried Mandu is a must!
4	If you are looking for Ono grinds that remind you of home cooking on the islands, this is the place. Boiled peanuts are a nice surprise. Good service. Cabbage, turnip and cucumber kimchees are delicious.
5	Food was excellent! Boiled peanuts! Had the Kalbi, bulgogi, oxtail soup...lots more! Service was excellent! Host was the best! Will come back whenever in town !
4	Really good tasting food.   Very unique. .. first time a Korean with Hawaiian and Chinese combo.  Had the cold noodle and kalbi ... made well. .. authentic.   Will go back again.
4	I'm guessing the owner was serving us. He's super motivated and very welcoming. Wanted us to try everything and gave us taste testers haha! I'm so full!  Had the Loco Moco and the hamburger seasoning was on point! Might look a little shady from the outside, but the hole in the wall joints usually serve the best food!!
5	This was my first time trying Island Style and it was hands down the best service I've ever gotten! The boyfriend and I tried the dolsot bibimbap and mul naengmyun, both dishes were excellent and very filling.This place has been around for years and I've always passed this place up for other korean restaurants in the area.. never again! This place will now be our go to korean joint for great authentic food and superior service. Can't wait to go back to try more yummy foods! HIGHLY recommend.
5	Fast and friendly service. As soon as you sit down, an array of Kim Chee and vegs are brought to you table, we also got boiled peanuts this visit.  Menu is Korean, Chinese and Hawaiian Style Korean food.  I always go for the combo; meat jun, chicken & kalbi.  Always so good. Service is friendly and efficient. No desserts though.  And drinks are by cans only, coke, Dr Pepper, sprite & Hawaiian Sun juice(s).
5	Comin from SF, This place is bomb. Honestly the food is great and the service is amazing. "Uncle" is such a nice dude and treated my family right! Mahalo!
5	Lets just say Uncle Russell took good care of us...the Kalbi is probably the best I've had, the food all around is great you can't got wrong no matter what you get.
5	Good portions, great atmosphere and most of all great kim chee!! With rice too!!
4	Perfect little gem hidden in a strip mall.  While visiting from L.A. I stumbled on to this place.  From the outside it was a little scary since all of the windows are blacked out (LV sun) and you can't see anything inside.  I was afraid to go in thinking it was a massage palor.  But as soon as I opened the door, the place was humming with activity - a rather surprising sight.  What can I say about a place that offers not 2 but 3!!! different types of cuisine -- and all my favorites!!!  You have your Korean, then you get the Chinese Korean menu and finally Hawaiian!!! all in one single stop!  The place is run by a family and it appears everyone from the family works there - father, mother and 2 sons (they looked alike).  I'm pretty sure they were Koreans originally from Hawaii -- there's that island infused look they have.   I had the Korean naeng mein and garbi ribs combo plus a spam musubi.  It wasn't the best naeng mein, garbi or the musubi I had.  What makes this place special is that it has a home made feel to everything.  The garbi, definitely was marinated "island" style.  I also noticed their Loco Moco and it looked darn good!  I will have to try it on my next visit to LV.
5	Local love all the way! This place reminds me of home, Hawaii. I think we were served by the owner. He was extremely nice and told us he was from the Big Island.I've been craving meat jun and boiled peanuts and got a double score when this place had them both! All the appetizers were delicious especially the kim chee. The mandu was also really good. After we put in our order, the table next to us received hot stone dishes with eggs over easy.  Our mouths watered at the sight, since they looked so good. The meat jun meat was really tender and had great flavor. Although, I thought it wasn't quite authentic since it had batter plus egg. I've typically had it with just the egg. My husband got the spicy noodle soup with beef and vegetables. The noodles had great flavor and the base had the right amount of spicy.I would have knocked it down to a 4 because of the Meat Jun, but the service was so good that it bumped it back up to a 5. He was even offering otter pops for dessert.Aloha!!
5	This place is awesome! I got the combo with Kalbi, meat jun, and bbq chicken. It came with rice and mac salad.I also had some Mondu! We got seated and was helped by an awesome guy, he brought out an array of sides Kimchi,  cucumber, raddish, bean sprouts, and seaweed! They all were very tasty!! The Monday was great, had lots of flavor and was complimented with a shoyu dipping sauce! The combo was huge! The kalbi was tender, flavor was crazy good, the meat jun was great nice and tender. The bbq chicken was juicy and full of flavor! Rice was great!! (Being from hawaii rice is very important, if get crunchy dried rice its almost no sense to eat lol!) But no worries rice was cooked perfect and the mac salad with some sriracha was mean!! The guy serving us was very nice, always making sure we were ok. He sounded like he was from hawaii but didn't ask, will next time though! After we paid he even gave us some otter pops!!! That was awesome, brought back memories from hanabata days! The service and food was great, just found another place to eat regularly for sure!! Thanks island style will be back for more!! Maybe ill even take pics if I dont eat everything first lol, chee!!
4	Combination plate is easily the best. All 3 pieces of barbequed meats were large flavorful and juicy. A bit pricey but well worth it if you're into savory foods. Wasn't a fan of their complimentary banchan, though.
4	Good food--simple, affordable and delicious!  Had the combo plate with brown rice and mac salad.  Good sized portions, and the service was friendly.  Kimchi and boiled peanuts were yummy!
5	Great great great service! I had a random craving for loco moco, yelped best loco moco and Island style was at the top. I ordered to go shortly after the owner approached me and guided me to a table saying, "sit down make yourself comfortable". He gave me a water bottle and a generous helping of soaked peanuts while I waited. They were BOMB btw! I only waited about 10 minutes, and my food was brought to me with a smile....oh and the loco moco was delicious!
5	Great little restaurant off the strip. From the time i walk in the door to the time i leave a smile never leaves my face. Very friendly staff and amazing food. On your first visit you can't go wrong with the combo plate, trust me, you won't be disappointed.
4	Great home-style Korean food.  Also appreciate the option of jjajangmyun now, too.  Good food at decent prices with huge portions.  The banchan are plentiful, and they're always happy to give more on request.  Mandu is hand-made and not the yucky frozen stuff.
5	Went to Island Cafe for dinner tonight. Let me tell you this place is the real deal. Being born and raised in Hawaii I know the difference between Real Island Food and the want to be's. The combination plate was for real.  The boiled peanuts for pupu's made me think I was back home in Hawaii. Russell the owner is a real cool guy. Super friendly and makes you so comfortable.  If you hungry for Hawaii food head on down and try it. You will love it!!!
1	I was craving meat jun, drove to the outdated address that was listed. The person who answered wasn't sympathetic at all. Paid $14 for 1 thin slice kalbi- almost see through, 1 piece BBQ chicken and 1 slice meat jun. I coulda got cheaper in Hawaii. I specifically asked for Koch-jun sauce which they did not give me in my to go plate, and no chopsticks- really??!?!? If I could I would give this a negative 1 star for the entire experience. So shame an waste my time, gas, and money!
5	The Korean BBQ is the best! As good or maybe better than I had growing up in Hawaii!!
5	Yes, yes yes!!! They know what they're doing...food was excellent with large quantities!! Service was excellent and fast so what more can you ask for....loved it!!
2	Huge portion but nothing special.  We had the galbi chicken June meat combo that many people raved about.  Chicken was too sweet.  June meat is boring.  The galbi, however, was very good.
4	Giant portions, tasty food, lots of choices, and friendly service. I'm used to Korean restaurants in Koreatown Los Angeles, where service is shit, portions are meh, and options are limited. This is not that. This is a Korean restaurant that realized that Hawaiian food is better, and thus devoted half their menu to Hawaiian foods instead. It's a humble hole-in-the-wall in a strip mall, so it's perfect for the mornings after those long, painful nights spent crying- I mean clubbing. I don't cry.
4	Amazing Korean food. Get the black bean noodle. Had the chicken katsu as well. It's too good. This place rocks
5	This is our favorite restaurant for Korean food.  Prices are excellent especially when compared to other options for Korean.  We always get the spicy seafood soup very good and generous seafood portions.  Another favorite is the Stone Pot Bibimbop, perfect amount of flavor and excellent texture in the crunchy rice.  The side dishes are also amazing.  Service is always quick and friendly.  Decor leaves much to be desired, but we go for the food.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	The food and atmosphere was alright. The service was great. They don't have lunch specials so it's a bit pricey to go for lunch. It's basically okay...
5	I love hole in the wall joints and this place definitely doesn't disappoint! My bf is half Korean and grew up on home cooked Korean food. So when a Korean person says this place is good, then you know it's good. The wait staff is super friendly and it's like they are family. They served you boiled peanuts while you wait, which is super tasty. The panchan (side dishes) changes day by day. My favorites are the bean sprouts and the Kim chee. They add a refreshing kick in between your bites of hot food. I ordered bi bim bop in the stone pot. The meat, rice and vegetables stayed super hot throughout my whole meal and I had to wait a good 5 minutes for me to even take a bite. The rice at the bottom of the pot gets crispy and adds texture to the meal. My bf had the combo plate which came with kalbi, meat jun and teriyaki chicken. All the meat was tender and full of flavor. We were both super full and happy. Definitely one of the best Korean spots in town.
5	Great local food! Im 20 & Ive been going here since I was 5/6 years old. Such a warm & loving environment to be in. The staff is great & so kind.
5	My friend and I tried this restaurant for the first time today.  We are both local and always looking for new places to eat near work.  My first impression after walking in was relief.  Friendly, open seating in a clean restaurant.  Very kind, friendly service and fellow diners looking relaxed, happy, and enjoying their lovely food.As soon as I sat down I noticed the man at the next table devouring the Loco Moco which looked so good.  He overheard me comment about it to my friend and told us it was excellent. He then confirmed that anything ordered here is delicious.My friend, an island girl, had such a hard time choosing a dish...mainly because everything looked so good.  She decided on the Portuguese sausage, rice and egg...requested egg whites only-- no problem.  I didn't even have to look at the menu. The first dish I always select is Bulgogi.  The food came to the table pretty quickly and, wow.  So good!  Perfect flavors, cooked just right.  Ban chan was mmmmmm yummy.  So much food!  The Portuguese sausage was very nice:  full flavor, not greasy, dense, delicious.  My bulgogi was so scrumptious. It was tender, mixed with a delicious blend of onions, carrots, and sesame sprinkled on top.  The kimchee was so good that when we had eaten all of our first small plate we were tempted to pour the juice on our rice and keep on munching.  I made that comment before our second small dish of kimchee came out and my friend told me she had been thinking the same thing.We are planning on becoming regulars there and bringing our friends.  What impressed me the most was that as dishes were brought out to other tables, they all looked and smelled divine.  I do not think you can go wrong ordering anything. The atmosphere was laid back, industrious but not harried, and, yes, loving.  It says a lot that in this kind of town the owners have created a spot where people leave, full, happy, relaxed, and eager to return.  While there, locals, families, foodies, and friends came to eat or pick up orders to go.  This place is well hidden but well-known and my favorite new spot.  And I don't know who he is but there is a very handsome young man working there, too...
3	What happened to my beloved Island Style!  It has gone Gangnam Style and totally not Hawaiian as we know it. More like korean with a hint of Hawaiian here and there. Now I do love Korean food but tonight I wanted beef stew or curry or katsu. I got total Korean instead. I did line the boiled peanuts and the banchan. I got my favorite soondobu and it is about 50% larger than a regular place so it was just right. However this is supposed to be a Hawaiian Restaurant so for that it is three star. For Korean restaurant I would give it 3.5 or 4. The problem is that the service is just not great.  Nice people, good food. Too busy for decent service.
5	When I'm in Vegas, and want Korean food, and don't want to pay exorbitant prices on the Strip, this is where I go!I went here about 7 months ago, and forgot to write a review (I totally thought I did), so here it is, albeit short. My apologies!!The food was incredible, and I tried kimchi for the first time, and loved it! The server could tell I was having a problem with the chopsticks, so he brought me out a pair of "trainer" chopsticks, lol. (Rest assured, I am almost a pro with them now).The place looks like a little hole in the wall, but don't let the looks deceive you. This place is incredible.
3	One of a must in any Korean community is the existence of a good jajangmyun and jamppong restaurants.  This is because, unlike most other Korean foods, these dishes are very difficult to replicate at home.  Many good cooks can whip up a good dwenjang jjigae, ddukbokki, or jun, and even more can fire up a kbbq or jungol on their portable gas grill that every Korean family owns.  But trying to perfect the sauces that are the catalysts for these two noodles so that they taste just like the ones from the old country, that is a monumental challenge.  For this reason, jajangmyun restaurants that make great sauces are known by every Korean in that community.  In Vegas, apparently there is Island Style.I guess to non-Koreans this is a Hawaiian place?  But in the Korean community, this place is known as Baek Li Hyang, a Korean-Chinese restaurant that serves up Jajangmyun, jamppong, and tang soo yook (sweet & sour pork, Korean style).  They also have other Korean dishes, one of which I noticed is the beef jun.  We were here specifically for the noodles, and thus ordered a dish of each.  Expectations were high because we heard consistently that this is the best Chinese noodle restaurant in the valley.  As a result, disappointment was also high as we realized that it was not going to meet those expectations.First the good.  Jamppong is pretty good.  The soup has that requisite taste required, and the ingredients were ample with fresh and plump seafood pieces.  The deep red color is accompanied by an equally deep taste, although not quite as spicy as it appears.  Now the mediocre.  The noodle on both dishes were just okay, not as firm and chewy as it should be indicating it's not handmade.  Take note, noodles are a big differentiator in these two dishes.  When they are not proper, it will "tire out" the dish.  This will result in the symptom where you will initially like it, but then find yourself not finishing the dish.  It was such here.  The bad is the jajang sauce.  It was too sweet, and did not possess that distinct taste required to qualify as good jajangmyun.  The combination of that sauce with the noodles made it at best an okay dish.  The bare set up did nothing to enhance the experience, but the servers were pleasant.  While the Korean-Chinese dishes we had were only mediocre, I'm wondering if there is something that they to well since the place was decently busy.  Maybe I will give it another go on some of the other dishes... But based on what we had, I can't do any better than 3 stars.Table-for-1 Factor:  Absolutely fine to eat by yourself here, both the atmosphere and the dishes are set up for it.
5	Service was great. Liked the meat jun but beef slices had too much gristle for me. Will be back though.
5	Amazing food.  Amazing customer service.  Amazing owners.  Very reasonable prices.  This place serves both Korean and Hawaiian food.  Love it here
4	This is a nice little place. I've been here a few times, all the food is very good. I love all the little korean side dishes.  The hawaiian juices are very yummy too. You gotta check this place out.
5	I love this place. .. It has great service and their food is so yummy!  They are known for their Hawaiian style flavor and yummy jajjangmyun!!!! It's worth it to come here! !! Everything is delish!
5	I'm giving 6 out of 5 stars unofficially, that's how great this place is!~ Not only is all the food amazeballs, but the service is beyond outstanding and stellar. I mean, talk about an owner taking pride in his business and giving his best. This is a total hole in the wall joint, but don't be fooled by its location or outside appearance. This is Korean Hawaiian fusion at its best!As soon as we sat down, we were given menus and boiled peanuts to munch on while looking over the menu. Already, we're off to a good start! There is so much to choose from, so just go with what you're in the mood for.What we ordered:Musubi: SPAM on top of rice, all wrapped in nori. There is a special sauce in there, quite possibly with a little bit of crack in it. Crack sauce. I love it.Yook gae jang: there is really nothing better that cures a hang-over than hot, spicy soup. This had all the right ingredients and the perfect amount of spice. I hate that some places skimp on the meat, or have wayyyy too much green onion, or whatever the case may be. But our soup had the right amount of each ingredient, which gets an A+ in my book.Jjam Jja Myun (Jjajang myun and Jjambbong in a split dish): The best of both worlds! I love both noodle dishes, but hate wasting the food because we usually can't finish it all. But this way, you get half a serving of the Jjajang myun, and then half a serving of the Jjambbong.Loco Moco: this heart attack waiting to happen is rice, hamburg steak, a fried egg, and then gravy poured all over the top. It's very heavy, very savory, but incredibly delicious! We opted to get our gravy on the side, so that we can limit how much gravy to pour over. I think it worked out for the best, so as not to overwhelm our taste buds with too much heaviness.Backtrack, I want to give some more kudos to the owner's son. He doesn't even need to say anything, just one look at him and you know that he is a kind and gentle soul who really just wants to provide excellent service to go along with the even more excellent meal. He noticed one of the girls in our group was very sick (she completely lost her voice, we later find out she had pneumonia!), so he brought some hot tea, lemon and honey...without her even asking. I just think that's the kind of service that's hard to find these days -- where they offer to bring or give something without you asking for it first. I really felt like he cared about our experience in his restaurant, whether just the overall experience or the quality and taste of the food. Thanks for one of the best meals we had in Vegas!
5	This is now a new stop every timeI'm in Vegas. This is a guaranteed stop EVERY trip from now until they kick me out.  The husband to the chef is hands down the friendliest most welcoming host, waiter, and new friend. BYOB!From the time I and my three coworkers walked in this man treated us like kings. That's just the service side. If the food was crap I might have still come back. Rusty sold me and my crew from the first minute on the family style dining, we immediately felt as if we were family, to the point that I and my my friend told him to bring is what he liked . Best decision! The food was amazing. Come with empty stomach and come at closing. He unloads the kitchen onto our table. My chopsticks nearly caught on fire; they never stopped moving for a solid 45 min. The free side plates were amazing and if it weren't for feeling like a complete douche I would have been done at that. Can't wait to return!
4	They put such a disturbing amount of gravy on their loco moco's....I FREAKING LOVE IT. Location: Easy to miss! It definitely blends in with its neighboring stores. Just look for a big sign "Diamond China restaurant" It's in the same plaza.Vibe & layout: Very chill place, probs would just eat here to hang and catch up with friends. Decor is very little nothing worthy of mentioning. As for wait times, the place is full of tables so I've never really had to wait for one. Customer service & food: Service is a-okay here nothing too special. Korean side dishes: 5/5 All of them were good and they give so many! The peanuts were also exceptional.Loco moco: Fuhhh, your rice, egg and patty is just drowned in gravy. Soo dank! Really really heavy meal.
4	I definitely need to update my rating and review because I've had much better experiences during my last two visits.The Jajangmyeon (Chinese-style wheat noodles in stir-fried black bean sauce) is still a must and one of my favorite Korean dishes! Last night, the noodles were slightly overcooked and seemed different from the first two times I've had it, but the sauce was on point. It's also just $8.95.After feeling like the Hawaiian eats were a bust, I ordered the Kalua Pork and Cabbage ($12.95) the last two times and it is delicious! It's one of my favorite Hawaiian dishes, so it has my stamp of approval. The sticky white rice and macaroni salad were good too.Not surprisingly, the Banchan didn't impress me. I didn't like their kimchi at all and there wasn't anything else memorable. However, we love the complimentary boiled peanuts (another Hawaii "pupu" staple)!Service is wonderful and everything is so quick, which is very good because it gets busy! We were there for dinner on Saturday night around 7:30pm and although there was no wait, the tables were full.I wish this spot wasn't so far from home, but there aren't many places that serve Jajangmyeon, so I'll definitely be back for those noodles and some Kalua Pork and Cabbage!
5	Can't go wrong with boiled peanuts. You gotta try the boiled peanuts!! This is where I go when I need my Korean fix. Awesome Kim Chi and Meat Jun. Fish Jun is Ono too.
5	I think this is two restaurants combined into one. Whatever it is, it is amazing.The husband of the owner is so generous, genuine, and fun. He made sure everything was always filled and even when I was taking a huge portion of my left over meal to-go because I had gotten too full on side dishes, he kept giving me more side dishes to pack home, offering hot tea, and popsicles for dessert. Crazy! But awesome. I went with a Korean family since this was their go-to place for Jjajangmyun, but next time I'll try the Hawaiian side of the food too. Everything was delicious and fresh. I can't wait for my next visit.
5	Hands down the best jambong ever!! And I am one of the pickiest person you may meet when it comes to food. Excellent, friendly service every time you go. Food comes out fast and their portions are huge! Be prepared to be stuffed!
4	SO ONO! I love that you get a nice selection of kimchis and boiled peanuts while waiting to order. HUGE portions, so that you have to take some home. Of course, the kimchi is super good the day after with rice. I've had the meat jun in the combo plate and the fried fish. The jun and kalbi are definitely good. I may try something different next time, but that jun is so good with the sauce!This is a place that my dad used to go to all the time when he lived here. My brother reminded me to try it. I am so glad that I did! The owners and staff are all very friendly. I'm craving this place right now as I write this review.
5	I love this place! The spicy soup was delicious!!! I lalala love the squid in the soup because it reminds me of my most favorite dish I would always get, pan fried squid in Hawaii from Youngs! Omg so happy. The man who served us was very helpful in recommending and gave us exceptional service. He really made us feel at "home" :) Will definitely be coming back again soon!
5	This place is so Korean looking on the inside. Once the owner comes out and talks to all their customers, you can tell he is from Hawaii with alot Of Aloha! They offer Hawaii kind favorites like Oxtail soup, Loco moco, breakfast all day, and hamburger steak plates.We ordered the Combo plate & fried saimin. It comes with Korean side dishes, boiled peanuts, and Korean cold tea.The meat Jun & the sauce is the best in Vegas. It was pretty close to Wahiawa's Dong Yangs korean. The meats had alot of flavor.Definitely always coming back here for their friendly and excellent hawaii kind grinds.Mahalo
5	This place is awesome! I just wish it wasn't so far away from where i live. Taste just like home (Hawaii) and they give portions like home too! (Very hard to find here-w/quality). They also serve you a variety of side dishes including: kimchi, cucumbers, bean sprouts, etc. Their service is fast and friendly! Very laxed atmosphere too.
4	This restaurant is located in a not so good looking strip mall. When you enter inside its not much different. This is a very humble restaurant but with very good food. The service is also very good. Their main dishes come with your typical Korean sides, which are all very good.We ordered the combo which comes with three different types meat. We also had the Bi Bin Bab, which is served with chicken broth. Both dishes were very good, and as I mentioned before the customer services is also outstanding
4	Don't be fooled by the location and look of this place from the outside. It's a hole in the wall place :) The food was pretty good- Korean Hawaiian style. I loves the spicy tofu seafood soup. The most popular dish is the combo plate, which includes teriyaki chicken and teriyaki short ribs, rice, fried eggs, and macaroni salad. The meat is marinated in a sweet teriyaki sauce and is cooked over an open flame instead of a grill. Other Hawaiian specialties include fried mandu, a cross between spring roll and wonton and Spam Foo Young, an egg concoction made from, of all things, Spam, a popular staple in the island.The service was good, I will come back with my family to try some other things on the menu.
5	My buddy suggested this local spot for us to try when I am into town. Great local spot to have a Korean or Hawaiian food. Service was quick and easy as well.
5	Still my favorite Hawaiian spot in Las Vegas. Came back again around closing time, they were still happy to take my order. Got the meat Jun and some fried saimin, both were outstanding. The side dishes or ban chan were tasty as well. Always a winner, I'll be stopping by here at least once every time I'm in town.
3	A family style Korean restaurant that makes us feel at home. Food is pretty good, and I'm sure they have developed a long term bond with locals.That said, we're relatively new to Vegas and we've seen a lot of great restaurants coming up in the neighborhood, and by that standard, it wasn't really 4.5 star enjoyment for us - their sundubu is good, hot stone Bibimbap is good, meat jun is good... all good but nothing was spectacular. Spectacular - might not be something they should even try to be, but still.
5	Deeeelisshhhhh...what can I say about RHIS place. Makes me miss Hawaii. Definitely a place to come eat when visiting vegas
4	Excellent customer service at a Korean restaurant is unheard of but every time I come here, I receive good customer service. It's kinda nice. The name of the restaurant can be misleading. They serve Korean, Korean-Chinese, and Hawaiian food here. It's really difficult to pick with so many choices! They seem busy every time I go. It's a good sign when places are busy. So if you're craving KBBQ (no table grill, cooked in the kitchen), ja jang myun (noodles in black bean sauce), & loco moco, this is your spot!
4	You MUST order the Jahm Pong (seafood noodle soup) when you come here! Practically every table ordered this bohemoth bowl of soup when we came here. I was set on ordering the Jia-Jahm (half jia jia mien and half jahm pong) because I was craving both dishes. Though tasty, the portion of my Jia-Jam paled on comparison to when you just order each dish seperately.Friendly owners. Found out they were from Oahu and therefore that is why you can order meat jun here. Order the meat jun at any other korean restaurant and the servers will give you a wierd look...LOL! Meat jun is a korean/hawaiian dish so typical korean restaurants have no idea what that is.
5	Found this place through Yelp because we were in Vegas for NYE and were randomly craving Hawaiian food. Really glad we came here despite being a bit skeptical when we first arrived because of the questionable location and plain exterior of the restaurant.The food was great and definitely satisfied our cravings (we ordered the loco moco, chicken katsu, japchae, spam musubi, and chicken musubi), but the main reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is because of the service. We were served by this really friendly guy and although we didn't get his name, he told us his wife owns the restaurant. He recommended a bunch of dishes and ended up giving us a plate of deep fried mandu on the house! Turned out to be a ton of food for three people but that didn't stop him from giving us extra servings of mac salad. Towards the end of our meal he also gave us bottled water and otter pops for free. Such a genuine and nice guy. He also helped us out by giving us a number for a cab service because the company I called said it'd take 1.5 hours lol. Would definitely come back next time we're in Vegas.
4	If you love Korean, Chinese and Island food, this place is must place to eat. Whenever we come to Vegas, we stop here to eat! Their Jambpong and Chae Chae Myoung is awesome. Their Yuk-kaejong is very good and my favorite local moco!
