5	After becoming a regular here, I'm in way better shape than I've ever been -- and this is coming from someone who previously did 3 ironmans.The group is fun, the workouts are fun, the coaches are solid -- I highly recommend this place.
1	Very dissapointed,  primarily in customer service from the get go. They raised their prices without warning recently to include law enforcement/military members. i inquired to sign up literally  2 days before they raised the price from $100 to $125 for military/law enforcement members and they would not allow me to sign up for the previous price...Why wouldn't one want to make $100 off a customer rather than $0?? ...wouldn't want to work with trainers who aren't flexible with customers...especially with the leo/military community.
5	This place is amazing. They have an extremely flexible schedule and a few different types of CrossFit classes all to get you where you need to go. The coaches are great and all are very experienced, they really make sure to ay attention to everyone while they are working out and they make sure to enforce proper form. They also have a little supplement store which is handy.The community there is also great. There are gym outings and and sometimes people bring in food just for the hell of it. Everyone is quite helpful and are willing to give you a few pointers on how to better do a lift or a movement.
5	August, the owner, is a wise businessman, but more importantly a wise coach of coaches. The coaching team he has assembled is phenomenal. Even though EVCF is the most competitive Olympic Weightlifting gym in AZ and finished the best in AZ at the CrossFit Regionals last year, they are still very accessible to those who aren't interested in athletic competition, but rather are simply interested in getting into better shape. Everyone is coached differently because everyone has different needs. I have been a member for almost two years and don't plan on going anywhere else. In addition, the gym is a fantastic community. Camaraderie and "sibling rivalry" are abundant. Join now. The fourth best decision I have made in my whole life was to join East Valley CrossFit. The fifth best was to get my wife to join.
5	I went to an Olympic Weight Lifting competition here recently. Facility and coaches are great. They push their athletes to reach new heights. Great to see a box representing Phoenix in the Crossfit Games!
5	I only visited for a special event while I was in from out of town but I have heard nothing but wonderful things about the coaches, staff and athletes at EVCF.  The event I attended was the WOD for Dogs benefiting Pittie Me Rescue.  It was a great event and really wonderful of EVCF to get involved in this type of outreach and allow their facility to be used for an event like this.  Everyone I met was very welcoming and the credentials of the coaches and staff are phenomenal.
