5	Best lamb brochettes in town.  Exellent price/quality food.  Don't forget to bring your own wine.The lamb brochette is simply excellent.  It usually comes with rice, salad (you can ask for Greek salad as a replacement) french fries and Tzatziki sauce.  As for the entrees, you must try the Melitzanosalata...just thinking of it is making me hungry.Enjoy :)
5	We stopped yesterday for lunch and can't wait to go back.  The souvlaki pitas were amazing - perfectly tender and flavored meat, lots of deliciously ripe tomatoes and generous amount of really great tzatziki.  The spanakopita was also yummy! The prices were great and the service was helpful and friendly.
5	Parthenon's dining room features an "indoor terasse" covered in vines and faux grapes and walls of murals of ancient Greek architecture, deities, and monuments. It's a great place for an intimate table for two or a rowdy table for 10, but please, no breaking plates! This place has been around for a while and the fact that it's family run, makes the food taste extra good. Parthenon is simple and honest, run by great people, the ultimate doctrine of delicious food!
5	Not a big fan of Greek food, but this place was blew me away. Its a BYOW joint so we hit it off well from the beginning. I  had their calamari meal special, with the chicken rice soup as a starter. Both the food was done really well, with great flavours and rich tastes. I was very happy with my tsaziki sauce on the side with black olives. There was only waitress who was really professional, and service courteous. All in all, I really see myself coming more often here, with a group of friends to just munch on huge portions of food, over some chit chat under a nice groovy planty roof. Cheers!
3	It was o.k., nothing more than that. The lamb in the pita could've been any kind of meat, as far as taste goes. The tzatziki was good, but a lot of garlic...a lot. Tha baklava was above average. Being a BYOB is a plus. If you want a great Greek grillade and it doesn't need to be a BYOB, then try Nostos on L'acadie.
