1	The grinders look delicious on line, not so much in real life,really small(6 inch) and barely any meat,if this was a five dollar sub it might be worth it however the average price is $8.50. The chowder was  a real let down, to much butter floating around the top and mostly flavorless. Wont be back..
3	Went to check this place out because of a groupon.....Very happy with the place! I had the meatball pizza and although it wasn't anything to write home about it still was a good meal.The best part for me of course was seeing all of the Seattle memorabilia! Ahhh! I miss Seattle sometimes! Of course not the rain though!  lolAll in all a good place to check out!
4	The Calzone is amazing.
3	Lured in by much hyped Seattle secret sauce on pizza,  Dan's did a good job on everything, but nothing to blow me away. The Grinder (turkey, mozzarella, lettuce ) were tasty with decent turkey, well baked bread from a NW bakery and cheese was melted just right. Nothing stood out and really didn't want to go the salad dressing route again (i did have an average homemade blue cheese dressing that was lacking in blue cheese chunks), but I would say Dan should invent a secret sandwich sauce and these would be higher rated. Side salad was rather pedestrian with shredded lettuce, some olives and more shredded mozz. Also a pizza was ordered and this is where Dan gets some points back. Small pie (seattle round) was ordered with pepperoni and olives and turned out good. There was a distinct taste to the sauce (sweet, bold) which gives it an edge over nearly all the chains, but not quite in the category of Grimaldi's. It is the best non-NY, Chicago style pizza I have had tried. A selection of Shasta soda's was a nice touch, but $1.50 a can is a bit steep. Might be nice for football season if your a Seahawks fan.
5	This is really a locals type establishment. The owner, Dan is very talented and know pizzas. Everything I'd from scratch and tastes awesome. Oh, also if you're staying in a hotel on the las Vegas strip, yep he delivers there. Enjoy Seattle Dans. I sure did
4	You walk into the smell of a real pizzaria, there was a little TV and some teenagers playing nintendo on the floor, kinda like a pizzaria living room.I went here to pick up a pizza to go, not calling ahead I made my decision a taco pizza, ordered a coke pulled up a booth for a while.Things were somewhat quiet, then a rougher looking couple came in sat down ordered their pizza with a coupon and brought their own drinks "yikes..things seem tougher in vegas"  Anyways, I was really impressed with how the owner handled these guys, called them right out on "so you think you can just bring your own drinks into a restaraunt"  words don't do it justice, but it was priceless and handled perfectly.My taco pizza in retrospect was a poor decision, although delicious, it only left me wanting a turkey taco grinder...I would recommend this place for its great food and genuine atmosphere, maybe during the day only for families though...When in vegas again I will be back for my grinder!
2	Lousy chicken wings. They were skinny flavorless and very greasy. Our stomachs were upset after the meal. We ordered d BBQ chicken pizza and it had NO hint of BBQ. Thanks for the groupon but we'd never go back there again.
2	Not impressed by this place. Went because of Groupone coupon, and would not go back for the pizza or sandwiches. Sandwiches are small for the price, and the pizza was pretty plain. There are many better places to go for pizza in Vegas
1	One word... RUDE! He asked for my payment and I showed him my groupon. Apparently he was mad because I called in my order and didn't mention the groupon. Then he proceeded to tell me that the total did not include a tip. And to top it off the just shy of $25 for a large pizza was totally not worth the price. I'd rather order from a large retail chain than support a rude business owner like this guy!
4	I've eaten here before, but never gave it a review. The food is delicious, which is why I return. The pizza is the best I have found on this side of Las Vegas. It is a little expensive, but I do understand what quality ingredients add to the end product. I almost always get a Pepperoni Pizza. He makes an amazing pizza crust that is perfectly crispy with a flavorful and thin sauce. My one complaint about the most recent visit would be that the fresh baked cookie was a little burned, but the inside, which did not burn was delicious. A little bit more affordable and a nicely baked cookie would have gotten a "5 Star" from me. If you are on the West Side of Vegas and looking for pizza, I suggest you check this place out.
1	Very over priced, food isn't bad but just not worth the price. Service left something to be desired as well. Won't go back again.
3	I had the pizza grinder. The tomato sauce is very good, as was the bread. I don't know why I chose sausage as I'm not that much of a sausage/red meat eater. I ended up pulling out the last big chunk of sausage- too much meat! But it was definitely a tasty sandwich.  I had chicken wings as well- I wasn't impressed by those at all. I could have made those at home and they would have tasted at least as good. But I do want to try the pizza one day as I've heard some good stuff about it. They deliver!The decor of the place? Dive-ish. You come in, sit down, eat, chat.  If you're not from Seattle (I"m not) the stuff on the walls is interesting to looking at. I was actually impressed at how clean the stuff on the walls is. Usually you see an inch of dust on the picture frames and things, but not here. By the way, Seattle Dan was quite nice and personable, and definitely a Seattle guy through and through.  I was ready for some mean ol' gruff guy based on some of the reviews, but he was cool. He is apparently a one-man-band in the kitchen, so maybe he's grumpy sometimes! My hat's off to him for his hard work.
5	My son and I went in to get a pizza to go. Seattle Dean was very nice and accommodating, loved the atmosphere. The pizza was delicious, great sauce and a perfect crisp crust, I will definitely be returning!
5	Try the calzone, it's very good and only 7.99 on Mondays. The place was cute with all kinds of Seattle memorabilia. Also had the blue raspberry italian ice which was good but left my mouth and tongue smurflike. The owner was very nice.
5	My husband and I ordered delivery from Seattle Dan's as our first experience with them and we loved them! I had chicken fingers and a salad. The chicken fingers were a great ratio of chicken to breading (hate when they're all breading). The salad wasn't super fancy, but oh man their home made ranch is TO DIE FOR!! I scarfed it!My husband got the meatball pizza and was in heaven. We order a decent amount of take out food as my husband's schedule can be pretty hairy sometimes. We've tried and liked other places as well, but we'll DEFINITELY be ordering from Seattle Dan's again! Go Sounders!!! :)
5	Never had seattle style pizza before! the owner Dan himself is one of the coolest guys youll ever meet! The pizza is made with all purpose flour, sadly not exactly seattle style, its just Dan's own thing, mainly low gluten clientelle customers! Im a high gluten New York fan, however, ive made pizza with all purpose flour, (before i knew the difference between there are all kinds of flours) when I tried Seattle Dan's, it tastes like a homemade pizza you can make at home! He uses a great cheese, has a great homemade sauce! The grinders are also excellent! The salads are wonderful with mozzarella cheese! whenever im in a mood for something besides high gluten ny style, seattle dans is the way to go!
2	My girlfriend and I decided to order out one evening and wanted to try someplace new.We decided to try Seattle Dan's. Well the good part first. The price was right. Delivery was fairly quick. And the service was friendly.The bad news was the food was the worst I've ever had delivered. The best thing I can say about their pizza is that it was edible. I'm sure homeless people would love it.Their wings were the absolute worst I've ever had. They looked like they were uncooked and didn't taste much like they were either. I'm not sure you could get a homeless person to eat these. You might be able to persuade a homeless dog.Unless they improve their menu I"d never order from them again.
4	The delivery guy was polite and caring and the food was here sooner than estimated.  Price was fine. The salad dressing, Italian, was prefect!  My kids like the pizza, lots of cheese!  The calzone was missing Ricotta cheese. I have never had calzone with out it and I missed it.  I thought the sauce was salty but it was good on the pizza.
5	I had the Italian ice, chocolate. Always order it cause it is good.  My kid got the lunch special, a personal pizza and drink. Pizza made fresh and was hot and tasty the he got a rainbow ice. He is happy. Place is a pizzeria, tables to sit, good smells, cool music . A nice way to spend a lunch hour.
5	This place is great when I originally ordered I was concerned where my 80 bucks was going but I got a spicy roast beef sandwich and a French dip cheese bread an Alfredo pizza and a buffalo chicken pizza everything was great!!!! I swear they put crack in there ranch it was so good I don't know why I haven't ordered here sooner thanks for a fantastic meal worth every penny really bad for my diet!
2	Ordered for an early supper. Won't make that mistake again. Start off with the delivery driver complaining from the moment I opened the door..Just give me my food & keep the complaints to yourself. Noone cares about the wind blowing in your eyes; at least I don't. I ordered the clam chowder. It is good but I have had better. A lot better for $7.99. Also, for $8.99, you would think chicken strips would come with fries. Yes, I was educated & will never return to this place.
3	I ordered a pizza and cheesecake and the pizza was good, but the crust was really thin and didn't hold any of the cheese or toppings. Now I did have a couple added toppings to it and that does make it heavier so I could let that slide. However the cheesecake is just horrible I took one bite and threw it out.. It was frost bitten and had this old freezer taste to it like it's been in a freezer for a while now. If I wanted some pizza for the low price I would order from here but if you like quality over price I would choose another place.
5	This is one of my favorite Pizza places in town. Pizza is delicious and so are the chicken wings. I like the fact it feels like a family owned pizzeria not one of those commercial chain places. It's pretty cool when the actual Seattle Dan takes your order,  makes your order and delivers your order. Had nothing but great service everytime I order. I have and will continue to recommend Seattle Dan's for those looking for awesome Pizza.
5	I love how honest the owner of this store! I love the flavors starting from pizzas to their grinders. So worth it!!
3	The restaurant name may say "pizza, pasta, and grinders" but really the best menu item is the Ivar's Clam Chowder. It's creamy and packed with a plentiful portion of meaty clam, potatoes, and green onions, and absolutely delicious. We don't often get cold weather in Vegas but it's perfect cold-weather food.The 12 ounce bowl doesn't look like a big portion but it's filling. Priced at $7/bowl, $8 when you add garlic bread (and yes, you want this garlic bread), and $9 as a lunch special with a drink. Add oyster crackers if your heart desires.Small location is in a hidden nook of a strip mall, but worth finding for the chowdah- not to mention the collection of Seattle memorabilia adorning the walls, display case, and tables. If you miss the Pacific North West, it's cheaper to visit here than to buy a pane ticket.
