4	I like Dillard's.  They seemed to have clothing that ranged from the somewhat budget-minded (around 20 buck for a skirt) to the somewhat splurge minded (over 50 bucks for a skirt).  I stayed in the middle, around 30 bucks for a very pretty embroidered skirt.  They do not seem to cater to the high end, go to Needless Markup for that, nor do they cater to the completely function-over-form budget crazy market.  I guess I would put them somewhere between Macy's on the high end and JC Penney on the low end.
5	I got some terrific deals here yesterday- 65% off some good-quality khakis.  I have also bought a bunch of suits here.  This Dillard's is a nice store and is huge, with a good selection; it's not as high-end as Nordstrom or Neiman Marcus but for good-quality clothes that any well-heeled person will look fine in, it works well.
4	My review is for the lingerie section only (sorry, I am a Belk girl, but had heard good things about a line of bras the Dillard's carries), the rest of the store appeared quite nice, but I was on a mission to find super-industrial strength bras for my bodacious tatas.Ladies... you may not be wearing the correct size bra.  I was WAY off and after I was measured by a delightful young woman in the lingerie department, I was shocked as to how wrong I was and how wonderful wearing the correct size bra feels.  I cannot remember the young lady's name that helped me, but she got to second base in record time helping me try on different style bras in my newly discovered size.  She asked what kind of bras I like, material, wire/no-wire, color, etc.  She picked out several of the popular styles and more of what I said I would like.  I have a normalish band size, but the cup size is WHOA, so the selection was limited, however she did tell me that they will order and have it shipped to the store for free.  Well made bras are NOT inexpensive, but along with the $70 bras (ouch), I did get a few that were $30.  My boobs and back thanked me - what a difference the correct band and cup size make.  The level of customer service experienced was absolutely wonderful.  If you are wanting to get measured, search out the very tall, very lovely young lady in the lingerie department - she was awesome and helped me find exactly what I wanted.
4	Nice shoe department! Very nice clean and organized store.
5	This store rules for 2 reasons: 1.  The end of the month sale where you can score some great deals! 2.  Amazing customer service! Example below: My future sister in law and i went shopping with my mother in law (MIL) to find a dress for their upcoming wedding. My MIL can be a little difficult, to put it nicely. They were both visiting from out of town and MIL wanted to show us a dress she found at her local Dillard's so off we went. When we entered the dress area we were greeted by Monica. My MIL is not a small woman so we ended up needing to shop in the Woman's section. Monica offered to show us where the dress was after MIL described it to her. She then continued to assist us and went and pulled several other options for the MIL to try on. Monica helped her in and out if the dresses and offered opinions about what worked and didn't (since she didn't really want to trust is!) and even went and found her spanx to try on with her dress and explained them to her since it wasn't something she had ever used before. After several dresses we found 2 great options. We talked out the pros and cons of them and decided on the perfect dress. Monica then assisted us in getting her the proper undergarments to go with it and checked us out. All around it was a much better experience then I ever imagined it could be and it was all due to the customer service. The next time I need a dress for any type of event I'll be shopping here and hoping Monica is around to help!
4	This is my favorite new department store. You would think that I planned my vacation around the two day sale they were having. These were slash and burn prices. They were 50% off of the clearance prices. So we got $800 worth of clothes for just under a $100 bucks. I thought that I would need to buy a new luggage to fit everything in. They only problem that I had was with the sales associate. He actually asked if I wanted him to fold the clothes first? He wanted to just shove them in the bag in a big ball! He kinda ruined the fun of getting a great deal!
