5	I love this place! My baby looks so handsome, he was shedding a lot because of the heat, the staff was so nice I didn't worry about leaving him In their hands. He came out looking so happy! I will definitely come back here
5	Just got my baby Oliver groomed here for the first time and it went well! I am really picky about the salon and normally I dont switch place to place. However, I wanted to give this new place a try and I Like it!  I didn't get him shaved, just brushed and washed. They also trim his nails and checked his ears and teeth. Overall good service and I'll take him back!! I like the girl Elaine.....she is nice and friendly....Oliver likes her too....
5	We were visiting the area and were able to make a last minute appointment on a Sunday! Our dog was treated royally.  The grooming was fantastic but even better was the attitude of the people there. They were great with our dog and made us feel like long-time friends.
5	This is a wonderful place.  Two of my dogs have been, a labradoodle and an aussie.  Alex listened to how we would like them trimmed and did a fantastic job.  The Aussie didn't want to come home!  We have one more dog to get groomed but based on the two we have had done, I would not hesitate to recommend them.  Awesome Job!!
5	I've never had such a good grooming experience as here!! So happy I found this place!! My babies look beautiful!
5	I usually take my dog to Petco but since they keep them for 5-6 hours i wanted to try a new place.The owner is very friendly and you can tell he has a passion and love for helping our dogs!My Maltese came out looking perfect! Will be going here all the time now
5	Great groomers!!! I just took my 2 pugs in and they came out brand new!!!!! Ears, nails and the wrinkles were super clean. They smelled wonderful. The staff was super friendly and the pugs loved them. I'm so happy I finally found my go-to groomer. I highly recommend this place!!
5	Can't never be happier that I found this place. My lovely Japanese chin were cut very beautifully and perfect for even extreme detail.  I am not a person switch the place to place. Here I definitely always come back. Highly recommend come here.
5	I took my two Doxies there last weekend. It was my first time there and I have to admit that it had been awhile since they were both professionally groomed. Alex was just so kind and very passionate about my babies. He exudes nothing but compassion for the animals - not just mine - but there were some other customers in when I picked my dogs up and the other dogs came out to their owners just has happy as could be! I was not only thrilled with the owners' demeanor, but the shop is clean, small and much more quiet than the other commercial places are.My babies came out with glowing coats and they were very calm when I picked them up. I could tell that they liked Alex a lot and I already have the reminder on my calendar for their next grooming! So happy they are here! They are so very kind and loving toward the dogs!
5	Wanted to try a new place because petco and and pet smart always kept my dog so long .. Went on yelp and this place got 4 stats along with great reviews. Brought my dog and from the beginning the owner was so friendly and helpful. When we picked him he looked great and only had him for an 1 hour and half .. My baby looked so handsome .. This is the first place I've ever brought him and he looked this great !!!!!They great !!!! Will be coming back as regular !!!
5	I recently started using Lazy Dogs for my Alaskan malamute. Malamutes have lots of hair! Lazy dogs does a great job. My pup comes home beautiful and happy.
5	I am so excited I found Lazy Dog Grooming!  Such a nice shop, fabulous and friendly employees, you can tell that they love their jobs.  Very reasonably priced and I only had to leave Bobby for an hour and a half, not 5 or 6 hours of sitting in a cage like at PetSmart.  I mentioned that Bob has an itchy spot due to dryness so he got a bath with a shampoo to help with that!  He smelled great for days and seemed to enjoy his time there.  Not to mention the sporty tie he left with!  We will be back!
5	Lazy dog grooming is the best. They took such care and we are so pleased with how Max looks and the good service they extended to us and our dog can't recommend them enough!
5	It's kind of far from where I live but it's worth the drive.  They seem to really care and that's what made me give them 5 stars.  He cut my yorkies hair just the way I wanted.  My little Shomi looks so cute.  I don't normally write reviews but the owners seem very nice and I want to support them since they are a new place. Keep up the great service!
4	Decided based from yelp reviews to treat our two pups to there very first grooming service.  Didn't have a ton of expectations going in.  Alex was very friendly on the phone and in person and I felt he gave us a good/fair price.  Was not overly impressed with the interior of the shop but it was expected being a small business.  So with it being small it was very well kept and smelled good.  It didn't have any wet dog smell.  Alex gives you a choice for complimentary bows and ties for the dogs which is a nice touch.   Didn't get to see where the dogs would be groomed/bathed so can't give review on that, but can say the dogs smelled great afterwards.
5	Absolutely fantastic. Alex & his staff contacted me after I left an "after hours" message & I found it amazing how easy it was to make an appointment (for the same week!) Alex is professional, pleasant & very knowledgable. He listened to my every word.. with his best judgement & expertise; my toy poodle came out EXACTLY how I imagined! Not to mention, my dog was finished in HALF the time as some other groomers I have been to. Thank you, Lazy Dog Grooming for making us a happy customer & doggie! We will be returning!
5	I am new to Las Vegas and my Pomeranian Sammy was in need of a grooming. Alex was just wonderful. He understood how I wanted Sammy cut and he was true to my description. Also he had a wonderful attitude with not just us but Sammy liked him also and seemed to be at ease, Prices were very reasonable too.I will definitely come back.
5	I loved this place! They took time asking me what I wanted my dogs hair to look like. They got both my small pups groomed in about 2.5 hrs as well. The pricing is great as well. We definitely will go back.
5	I saw really good reviews for this place and decided to give it a try. I was a bit worried because I am really picky with my dog's haircut. But when I saw my dog freshly bathed and clean up I fell in love with his new look. This place is clean and the owners are very caring. They took their time discussing the haircut I want and gave me suggestion. I will definitely come back!!!
5	What a wonderful experience! We brought one of our three dogs today for the first time and will be back with our other two. We could not be happier with the service, the end result and the overall experience! Two paws up!
5	Great job done and the doggie tie and the squeeze toy was a bonus.  Very courteous staff and high level of service.  Extremely reasonable prices and Alex was the most gracious and flexible in terms of appt and pick-up time.
5	Lazy Dog is my new favorite groomer. Great grooming and great staff!Alex was excellent with both me and my two dogs. He showed me how much hairhe recommended to take off of my poodle mix.  He really got my shy chi mix to warm up to him enough to clip his nails for the very first time.  At the end of their appointment, my poodle smelled and looked great and clearly had a wonderful time being groomed and eating treats all afternoon.Alex and his staff treated us all well. He really gets to know the dogs beyond just bathing and trimming them. I love talking about my dogs and enjoyed talking about them with Alex. He obviously has a lot of knowledge and advice to offer.Their shop is bright and clean, doesn't smell like dog, and has some nice items for sale. Their prices are competitive.Thanks again, I will be back in a few weeks.
5	My new local groomer. Prices are competitive but the real difference are the owners.  Very informative and caring towards my dog.  Will definitely be back!
5	This place is great!! I've been though a few groomers with my Standard Poodle,non of which groomed him they way I wanted. The gentleman at Lazy Dog took the time to get to know my scared little guy. He asked specific questions pertaining to my dogs needs and personality. When he was finished I came back to a happy and perfectly groomed poodle. Not an easy task!
5	This is the best groomer ever! I brought my puppy here and it was her first time being groomed. Alex took amazing care of her and really wanted to make sure she did not have a bad experience. You can tell that he truly cares for the dogs. I will not take my dog to any other groomer.
5	I am so happy I found Lazy Dog! I have been looking for a good groomer that can handle my sometimes difficult dogs and Alex was amazing with them. He took his time to get to know my dogs and consult with me about how I wanted them groomed and made some very good recommendations. He knows his stuff! I was very comfortable leaving them in his hands. Their prices are great and the lowest I have paid. The grooming service also comes with a cute little neck tie or bow for the pups which is the perfect finishing touch.
5	Roy and Bonnie PWow!!!   What a great place.  Alex is so friendly.  He listens, he asks questions and gets the job done right.  Our little Snuggles never looked better.  This place is so different from our previous groomer.  You must check this place out.
5	So gentle to our sweet  11.5 year old Labrador Retriever ! They do a great job,  are very professional and are very kind. It ALWAYS smells good in here , in spite of all the wet dogs. I already rebooked for next month .  I highly recommend for   cleanliness and professionalism !
5	First time trying this groomer and I'm very happy!  I found a coupon in one of those zip code mailer things and decided to give it a try!  At this point, I pretty much hope for the best and expect the worst because of some of the terrible haircuts my dog has had in the past. Shadow looks and smells great!  He didn't seem stressed at all when I picked him up.  We discussed what I like for the cut and I got exactly what I asked for. The shop is clean and doesn't smell like wet dogs. Price was exactly what was quoted and very competitive and worth every penny!  Service was excellent as was timing for scheduling.. I called on Saturday and had an appointment for Sunday and he was even done before expected so no sitting around in a cage all day! Shadow will definitely be back for future grooming appointments.
5	Tiki Ti and Buddy Guy (our dogs) approved, which is the best endorsement ever, in my opinion.  I believe our dogs actually enjoyed their time and look forward to going back to Lazy Dog.  The owner is very thoughtful, knowledgeable and genuinely cares about the well being of your special little guys and gals.  Buddy is 4.5 months old, and they were very gentle and accommodating, making sure he would have a wonderful first experience.  Tiki simply loved the spa holiday and was all smiles the rest of the day.  We will definitely be heading back to Lazy Dog for all of Tiki Ti's and Buddy Guy's grooming and healthy snacking needs.
5	I just moved to the area and I have a Newfoundland and a mid-size mix.  Both have been groomed weekly for years (therapy work).  It was so nice to meet the owner and find out that he is a fan of Newfies and understands their grooming needs.  Both turned out beautiful and now have regular appointments.  Friendly, knowledgeable and passionate about their clients.
5	I recently moved to the area and decided to try lazy dog grooming for my schnauzer.  I just picked him up and I think it's the best groom he has ever received.  He looks fabulous. He was also very calm when I picked him up which hasn't been the case with other groomers when he often is eager to leave and very hyper the whole ride home.  The staff was very attentive (ask about your preferences and follow through, get specifics about any special needs) and they seem to truly care about each pet (immediately got down to pet and interact with my dog when we arrived).  The shop was well kept and clean and teddy even left with a cute tie around his neck.  I recommend this place to anyone looking for a great groomer. I will definitely be returning!
5	I love taking my baby here. I've had dogs before, but Teddy is my actual first puppy of my own. I was concerned taking him to any groomer but I found this on Yelp and all the reviews were accurate! The very first time I went to this place, it was Teddy first time to a groomer and he was six months old (just got adopted). Before grooming, Alex made sure Teddy was OK to bathed since he got neutered two weeks before. He took a look at the incision and asked me questions about his scar. I loved that he took the time to talk to me and learn about Teddy's procedure. Additionally,  Alex wanted to make sure Teddy did not have a traumatizing experience so Alex told me it might take two hours, which I was totally fine with. I rather have Teddy have a great experience than a horrible one that he would never come back to a groomer again! After two hours, Alex called me and told me Teddy was ready to be picked up. My goodness did he smell like cotton candy! Additionally, Alex is very knowledgeable about dogs. He's worked for a veterinarian before so he really knows his stuff! Alex is also very loving. When he heard that Teddy has not been eating he gave me samples that might help him eat. He also gave Teddy some treats that he absolutely loves now. Lastly, Alex doesn't push his clients to go for a full haircut (upsell). He told me he doesn't want to give him a haircut until he's ready (Teddy got two hair trims now). Now, Teddy is graduated from a hair trim to a haircut! BTW he looked stinkin' cute!!The customer service is great, the product is great and the business is great. If you want a trustworthy and knowledgeable groomer, I definitely recommend Lazy Dog Groomers!
5	First appointment today and Charlie, my Bichon, loved it!I live 25 mins away, but decided to give it a try due to all the positive reviews. I'm so glad I did! My usual groomer was busy and Charlie really needed a cut, badly. I called in the morning and Alex had one spot available early afternoon. When the pooch and I arrived we were promptly greeted by Alex. He walked over and started to pet Charlie and brought him behind the counter and had Charlie on his lap as he asked my how I'd like to have him cut. One, Charlie is very anxious at the groomers and around new people in general but he took to Alex right away. Alex was very detailed in his questions to ensure I get the cut I'm after. I've been to a few groomers and they never take the time to really ask. He then told me to choose a bow tie/tie for Charlie after his bath. Nice touch! About two hours later, Charlie was ready, he looked adorable! Such a great cut, its exactly how I wanted it thanks to Alex taking the time to ask and not just assuming I wanted the usual Bichon cut. He smelled great and the blueberry facial was a nice touch, he smells so good! Long story short, I in no way live in the neighborhood, but we will be back! Thanks Alex, Charlie and I will be recommending the lazy dog to all of our friends.
5	Went ahead and took my baby girl here to get groomed, due to the fact that she was overdue for one! Looked on yelp and decided to try the top rated one closest to home. And the fellow yelpers did not dissapoint. The owners were great and very into getting my Mamba comfortable. They were sweet and informative about all the products and services I was paying for. I really appreciated that and have never received service like that. We dropped her off at 8 and she was done by 10. So two hours. She looked great and smelled great too. The complimentary ties and bowties were also a very cute addition. Will definitely be back!
5	This place is awesome! I got both my dogs groomed recently and they did a great job with the haircut just exactly what I wanted and they smell fresh and look super clean! Plus I got a free bow tie and necktie when they were all done. Thanks Alex and Elaine! Great service!
5	This is the best grooming salon I've been to. The service is excellent and I absolutely trust my dog with the owners. Happy loves the owners and always looks so cute after grooming. He always smells great too. I would only bring my dog for grooming at Lazy Dog.
5	I have brought Bob to four other groomers and this is now my favorite. His cut is so cute and clean. I really should have taken before and after photos. The ability to choose the color tie you want is such a delightful touch. Now after a couple days, I realize how much I love his haircut.Thank you!
5	This place is by far the best I have been to in Vegas. The staff is friendly and the man who groomed my dogs took the time to talk to me about exactly what I wanted my pups to look like. I got my Italian greyhound shaved down and his coat looked wonderful! He was evenly shaved down throughout his entire body (other places I've tried have been bad about that). I also have a toy poodle who came back looking wonderful! His face really needed to be cut down and they did it without making him look weird overall. The tie really sets them apart from anyone else. It's such a cute touch. My dogs even got a few toys to play with at home when we were leaving! This is true customer service! I love this place and I will be going here from now on to get my dogs groomed! Worth every penny to see my pups well groomed and happy about it too!
5	I was really nervous taking my dogs to a new place.. I'm new to the Anthem area, and my dogs needed a good grooming desperately.. when I picked them up, I was so relieved.. they looked amazing!! .. Thank you!!
5	I took my chug (Chihuahua/Pug) here and she loved it. Establishment was really clean  Will definitely be returning. Everyone was very friendly and she smells so clean! :)
5	After scanning Yelp's reviews of this place, I decided to take my baby to Lazy Dog Grooming. I am so happy I did! Chloe looks like a little princess. They did a great job and were extremely nice. Pricing was reasonable.
5	I just came back from picking up my two poodles from being groomed. They look great! Alex took the time to discuss their cut and my expectations.  The facility was clean and quiet.  I came here based on the yelp reviews and look forward to taking them back next month.
5	After a horrible experience at our previous groomer of over 2 years, we were hesitant to change groomers in fear of further traumatizing our pup. After much searching and asking friends I was so happy to find Lazy Dog Grooming! I called to see if they could fit him in for a bath and light trim, and had an appointment to 30 minutes later.My puppy who is a rescue and has trust issues with most males at first went to the guy after a few minutes! Not only was the guy amazing with my little guy he took the time to explain his process and philosophy on grooming. When I picked him up after his bath, he was so happy not stressed out or whiny! He even gave the guy a "lick" when we left and was given the cutest little tie. My dapper little guy will definitely be back!
5	After years of taking my 3 dogs to Petco for grooming and always receiving mediocre results, I decided to try Lazy Dog Grooming.  I'm so glad I brought my pups here!  The staff seemed to really care about every little instruction and request I had for my dogs grooming, and they turned out great.  On top of that, they are slightly cheaper than what I was paying at Petco, too.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a new dog groomer.
5	I've been here twice and both times my doggie has come back with a shiny, clean coat that smells super clean. He comes back with a little tie too so he looks all dressed up. Nice people run the place and during my first visit they took the time to ask about my dog and get to know me and my foster friend before taking him in back for a cleaning. There was a $5 discount on Yelp for checking in so I used that on my 2nd visit.
