3	I've gone here a few times on and off and I keep coming back because it's clean, quick and the location is perfect for me. I've never had to wait and everything is clean and new. The only thing I dislike is that when the owner is having a bad day, you know it. I hate to walk into an establishment and feel like I'm annoying someone. Regardless, they're generally friendly and I still recommend them to others. The prices are pretty comparable to any other salons I've been to!
5	I have been tanning indoors since the late 1970's yes That long ago! I have been to salons around the GLOBE and i have to say TotalTanAz is Amazing, The customer service is fantastic, I stood back and watched as 2 customers ahead of me were taken care of and the professionalism was outstanding! The equipment was great, I had a choice and that was important to me, I normally dont Spray Tan but asked about it on the way out and decided to let John Spray me, My first hand custom Spray tan! I loved it. I thought id feel funky standing there in my drawers but he made me feel like i was family. All in all this place is great, Great service, Great machines, great pricing, Ooh the pricing, very affordable compared to the surrounding salons, and being next to a gym makes it an easy evening and little driving!
5	Let's be honest, when you walk into a tanning salon if you have high hopes you'll expect to see a nice person behind the counter who is friendly and can tell you the prices for packages and the max times on the beds.  If you have low expectations you'll expect a bored teenager who hands you a price sheet and stares at you looking bored.Walking into the Total Tan I had pretty good expectations based on the reviews and even those were blown away.  Dallas was the person who helped me (I think he's one of the owners?) and he was sooooo friendly and knowledgeable I spent more than I was originally planning but I feel good about it actually.I had looked at the pricing online so I had an idea of what I wanted but he explained things about the beds that I never knew and that none of the other salons I'd been to had ever told me.  He was super personable too, even asking for my name just during his explanations of everything before I had committed to buying anything.  He made sure I knew every detail of the beds, the differences, gave recommendations and was never pushy with any of it.  During our conversation several people came in and he always asked my permission first to take care of them and I don't think he had to ask for their names once, a good sign that he pays attention and remembers his customers.I could go on and on because I was so impressed with his service and also the location itself (super clean, trendy, nice extras in the rooms like baby wipes and extra towels) but I think you get the point by now.  Just check this place out, you'll be happy you did.
5	The owners of this place are great. They keep the place clean and they offer several options for tanning. They have a good selection of lotions too. I also appreciate that they offer a discount to the local gym members. I'm very fair skinned and I go to Mexico on vacation every summer... this is my place to pre-tan so I don't burn in Mexico.
