4	Got to hang out in the lobby while waiting for my race flight up all 49 stories of stairs for the Levine Children's Hospital.  The lobby is very clean and modern and a pretty good space to hang out in.  No bathrooms though.. could have just been for the event though.The only other thing I saw in the building was the stairwell... and all those stairs.  It's definitely a stairwell.This building definitely adds some flavor to the Charlotte city skyline - especially at night when the building is all lit up and colorful.  I love the fact that the building looks different no matter what direction you approach it from and the whole campus around the building is a very cool place to visit.
5	This building is incredible.  The view from the upper floors makes you really feel like you're in the heart of uptown Charlotte instead of cramped up inside an office.For such an energy efficient building, the temperature control, lighting, and facilities are very comfortable.  The elevators can prove tricky, and there aren't many merchants in the commercial aisle downstairs/outside yet, but based on the construction, I can tell they're filling up fast.Give this place another year to get settled, and it'll be the best building in Charlotte.
5	The firm I work for owns the top three levels (and more below). When you look up at this building, I guarantee my name is up there. I won't tell you how, but trust me it is :)What's it like on the inside? Someone went and spent a whole ton of money at Ikea.. I can tell you that. The views - well, you can't get any better. Have you ever pressed a button for your floor prior to getting on the elevator? Here, you do - and if you get confused, the LCD screen for the floor selection of your elevator even has instructions/a help button. This is a prime location for new businesses to move into. In the heart of are performing arts and museum district, take a close look at the LED lights that run up the side of the building at night. A shining, energy smart (the gem of the Envision Charlotte movement) star on our uptown horizon.
5	Defiantly my favorite modern structure i have seen in person and now i no how to post my photos for this great looking building, my plan is to say something in a caption with each photo, so please read my photos. i have never been it it or on it but it is so nice to see even more from a distance : - ]
1	Yeah, the building is attractive - it reminds me of a Braun shaver in the daytime, and a martini glass at night. This review is not about the building, but about Duke Energy.Where is Teddy Roosevelt, the trust buster, when we need him? There hasn't been a politician who cared about "the people," since TR, or maybe FDR. Surely, our distinguished governor, Mr. McCrory, cares more about Duke Energy than he does about the local populace. Duke IS where most of his money is invested. Anyone who dares criticize Duke's money grabbing tentacles, is said to want to hurt their corporate profits and their shareholders. What about the blooming customers? My problem with Duke Energy is personified by their latest commercial expounding "we're boldly going where no energy company has gone before." Well, Capt. Kirk, why do average citizens and Duke customers have to pay for ALL your darned upgrades. What ever happened to using your corporate profits, budgeting wisely, and fiscal responsibility. In short, pay for the upgrades yourself, and stop trying to get massive rate increases each and every year. Last year, you absolutely had to have 15% more from your customers - or the world was going to come to an end, but you settled for 7%. Our legislature was not intelligent enough to figure out that you were asking for more than you needed. So now its 2013, and here you come again with another rate increase demand. Are you folks serious? Your latest commercial says that the average consumer just flips on the light switch and takes it for granted that the power will be there. When I flip on my light switch, I hear the dollar signs clicking like the revolving dollars on a gas pump. My energy bill is hitting $300 per month in the winter and summer. As a currently unemployed person, this effing hurts. Stop passing the buck along to consumers. Stop asking us to continually pay more for energy. If you want to upgrade and go green, check into wind farms, and solar energy like our educated brethren in the Scandinavian countries. Also, step up and take responsibility for your coal powered plants polluting the Charlotte water supply. I wouldn't drink the water adjacent to your slag pits, and neither would you. You also need to take responsibility for the clean up of these unlined pits, and their leeching problem. You have the money - use it to clean up the mess that YOU made.Duke Energy, you remind me of a beggar at an intersection, standing there trying to make us feel guilty, with a sign asking for money. Only later, do we find that this bast-id is making six figures each year off the generosity and gullibility of their fellow citizens. In short, put your out stretched hand back into your pocket, keep your eyes off my wallet, and practice fiscal responsibility. Your current policy of "just keep asking for more money," reminds me of the Carolina Panther's asking taxpayers for money that they don't need - and the stupid politicians just keep forking the dollars out. Frankly, the whole think is scandalous and sickening. Who's running Duke Energy now, Gordon Gekko? Greed IS NOT good!
5	My Favorite part of the Charlotte Uptown Skyline!  My Admiration for this building is only as an aesthetic Architectural structure both during Day or Night!  The exterior lighting possibilities on the building sometimes themed and sometimes timed to change in short intervals!
