5	My sofa search is over! We searched far and wide for a sectional that would fit our specifications, as it turns out my husband and I are picky about furniture in different ways. After doing the Goldilocks test of sitting on various styles of furniture, we liked the cushioning of their custom sofas. There are many options you have to choose from if you go custom, from the cushioning (standard, firm, spring, or down-wrapped), size (Small, medium, large, and extra large), type of arm (English, sock, track, pleated), type of base, type of back cushion, sofa fabric and pillow fabric. The possibilities are endless! The only thing that you don't really have control over is the actual height of the back (Has a higher back, which was something I was specifically looking for), not as deep of a cushion (Something my husband was specifically looking for), and the size/height of the base "feet".We worked with both Nic and David. David was very helpful in explaining all the features of the sofas, the benefits to Bassett construction, and all the different options for fabrics, etc. I appreciated that they will let you check out fabric so you can see if it will match the room you are going to place it in. Nic was great in helping pick out fabric for our pillows (You get 1 for each piece of the sectional you are ordering). They were having a 30% off custom furniture sale, which helped bring the price down to something a little more reasonable. The price ended up being on par with something comparable at Thomasville, La-Z-Boy, or another similar store that offers more customizable furniture.A very big plus for me was that the custom furniture is made in the U.S., and it will generally only take them 30 days to make it for you, as opposed to other companies which will take anywhere from 8 to 12 weeks. Their database is also very helpful because they can show you how much fabric is currently in stock, which will let you know if it will take longer because they are waiting for more to come in.I can't wait for my sofa to arrive!
5	My wife and I came here after our crate and barrel delivery was delayed than arrived incorrectly.We were assisted by a friendly sales person who helped us choose a terrific sectional set with lots of customized pillows.They were patient and worked with is while we chose all of our pillow options and couch configuration.Pricing is high but product is quality.Delivery takes quite some time so be prepared to order 6-8 weeks in advance to be certain.All said and done we are extremely happy with our couch and would definitely recommend buying furniture here.
2	I have been a long term Bassett customer. A few years back I bought a mattress from them. This mattress was hardly ever slept on. Probably less than 30 times. About 3 months back we noticed that one of the springs was jutting out of the mattress. I called Bassett up to utilize the warranty. Bassett kept pushing the replacement issue on Sealy. The mattress is imprinted with Bassett's name, we bought the mattress from Bassett, so Bassett should cover it under the 5year warranty. They offered to replace the mattress with a downgraded replacement. They kept pushing that since they didn't carry my original mattress in stock any more and kept telling me they are actually doing me a favor by offering to replace the mattress( mind you ... a mattress that is still under warranty) and I should take whatever they are offering. Finally, they offered to replace the mattress with another mattress that they told me is actually an upgrade. At the time of delivery when I got the name of the mattress, I looked it up and found out that it was a significant downgrade. Not only that but they told me in no uncertain terms that they won't replace the box spring. I bought these two as a pair. Each box spring is designed to work with a specific mattress, both aesthetically and functionally. Bassett, please pick up the junk you left at my house. I won't be paying the Bassett premium for their furniture if they don't stand behind their product. Time to move on.
5	I have never felt more taken care of by a company in my entire life. Ask for Marci, she is the best!
