5	Absolutely love Tease it Up.  Tara is THE best!!  Great quality work at fair prices in a relaxed atmosphere.
5	Highly recommend!! I've never had such a beautiful highlight with absolutely no damage to the hair. Tara examined every bit of my hair that have had a bunch of different colors throughout the years that I've been growing it. And she knew everything by one look. And did the best job ever. I am already planning my next appointment. Because it is not only the gorgeous hair that you have in the end, but also very friendly and positive couple hours to spend. Marie
5	Tara is the best this is the first time that I leave a hair salon very satisfied. It's affordable and she takes her time to make hair perfect. So glad I found her :)
5	I just had my hair done by Tara last week and not only is she the sweetest but she knows what shes doing. I have thick coarse dark hair and she was able to lighten my hair exactly how I wanted.. I also have very little damage which was important to me as well and she gave me a great trim without cutting my length. I would absolutely recommend anyone to come see her. Her prices are very reasonable. :) Im one happy girl and I will continue to go to her.
5	I am such a big review person, so when I found Tara on yelp I had to give her a try. Just as YOU should. She made me feel so at ease, she new exactly what she was doing and the end result was exactly what I wanted. Best part was I had to bring my kiddos and she didn't frown (as some places don't like when u bring ur kids) price was perfect and can not wait to go back. Thanks Tara for my beautiful color
4	When you're feeling HIDEOUS and just need a new hair change in your life--Tease it Up is the place to be!This hair studio is one of the many tiny, one-room beauty places located inside of Sola Salon!! Most of the studios are appt only, but some are now walk in, but you HAVE TO CHECK before you go!!!! For example, Tease it UP is appt only! Tara is just FANT-TAB-U-LOUS! She is a wonderful stylist with a kickass personality! I'm not too satisfied with her haircuts, but as a colorist, she's pretty darn talented! She turned my dark, Asian hair to the correct shade of red that I desired!! It's just super rewarding when a hairstylist shares and understands your vision! Yet, I was more happy with her coloring skills than her cutting skills! Also, she has competitive pricing, but she increased them a bit. For me, a trim and color was around 100.To cut my hair, I'll just find someone else willing to go through the Asian hair torture.. But, if I'm going to touch-up my red hair or color it back to brown again, Tara's my go-to girl!!!!!!
