4	I've been going to this guy for years now...always has been very helpful, courteous, and fast turn around when I've needed one of my son's bikes repaired!!Great if small selection of bmx and mountain bikes...he'll take layaway/payment plans...he'll even negotiate/haggle on the price a bit if he likes you...he's been trying to sell the shop for a few years now, wants to enjoy retirement while he still can he says, but can't offload the inventory or the shop, so there he's been for at least 10 years now!Honest, reliable, down home take care of business type of bike shop...fair deals, great service, and a few laughs keep us coming back to him for mid-range bike needs...he helped my Dad out with his specialized bike he was using in a local triathalon and he needed a repair on the rim right away.  Took the bike in and a few hours later had the bike back good as new...Dad was pretty impressed, and has been going back to this shop since!!
4	So the location isn't great, but the service I got was outstanding. My bike's gears and brake lines were damaged in a move and it had a flat. This guy fixed it up for me and it rides even better than when it was new! And the price will definitely keep me going back-awesome "mom n pop shop" :)
5	Love this place and love the crochety old shopkeeper.  He may not "love" you, but his prices are more than fair and he fixed my bike so fast i was disappointed. he didnt give me enough time to browse and to listen to his stories of being in the neighborhood for 25 years.  I'll be back Old Man.
4	This place is literally just down the street from me, and basically next door to one of my go-to 'hood liquor stores.  I can't believe I never knew about it until now! (I guess, not having a bike, why would I need to?)  Anyway! I got a tune up done for my BF's bike.  The service was cheap, fast, and friendly.  What's not to love? They also sell bikes, including used and new vintage style cruisers.
2	Over all the store's quality is very good. There is, however, the problem with the owner being VERY argumentative. I originally asked for my bike to be ready a week from when my wife dropped it off.  When I called about it, he told me that wasn't what I had said. He said it would be ready a week later.When I went to pick it up today I noticed that he hadn't finished the work I'd asked for. I had asked for a new set if brake handles to be placed near the handlebars.  He insisted that my wife hadn't asked for those despite her having read the text message with a list of the repairs (all of which, except for that he got.) When i asked if he wanted to see the text message I had sent with the list he said, "you didn't send me a text message.". WTFA fair bet that I will never be back. I encourage you to avoid this place too.
1	This place is god awful. Just search the Google reviews, they are all true. Here is a small sampling of what I experienced with this horrible shop.This place is small and dirty. Major stains all over the rugs. The bikes are all chained together so you're not to touch them we were told by the owner. He was very rude, asked us if we were going to buy or not because he was busy in the back. This is after just a few minutes and we didn't ask for any help... just wanted to look at his limited quantity of what turned out to be over priced bikes... I wouldn't trust buying a bike from here. It's a shady shady place.stay away at all cost.
3	Went to this guy because I have an uncle who uses him regularly, he also says he does an awesome job and knows his stuff. My experience with his shop was ok, The guy doesn't care one bit about customer service and your feelings. I called him on a Wednesday afternoon and asked what his business hours were and he told me 9-6pm on weekdays, I said ok great, I'll be there tomorrow after work. I show up at 1:10 with my bike and I overhear him tell another customer to tell me that they are closed. I let him know that I spoke to him yesterday and he told me otherwise. He told me "Sorry, but I just can't take anymore bikes in today". I accept that and I let him know I will be his first customer Saturday morning since he is open from 9-4pm. I asked him what he charges for a hub overhaul, brake and derailleur adjustment, chain cleaning and lubing, and he says a "tuneup" will cover all that and it's $42.00. Being that his price is now 75% cheaper than the cheapest place I had previously found I quickly accepted his "honery old man" attitude and brought my bike in for what it needed. My bike is not an expensive top of the line model, so it made more sense to me to bring it to him instead of the other places charging $120+. Once I arrived Saturday with my bike, he asked me to pick up my bike Wednesday after 12 noon. I said, Ok, no problem. I left somewhat satisfied and excited that my bike would soon be running up to par.  The shop's appearance is a little cluttered, as it is lined with bikes from front to back. He sells top of the line bicycles, low-rider bikes, and beach cruisers. Behind the glass counter is a little cluttered as he quite literally scoots himself over his inventory and has to reach for different items, I almost volunteered to help him clean up the place. All in all, I picked up my bike on the Wednesday like he promised and it's as good as it's going to get. My gears are still kinda slapping and takes a little time to shift, but it's to the point where I can fine tune it myself. For $42 bucks it's hard to argue with the guy and I'll add that when I went to pick it up, the price DROPPED to $34.53 after taxes, again I didn't argue. I hope you can find this read helpful.
4	The price for a tune-up is very good. I liked the quick service and price. However, I didn't notice much difference during my ride, but I am a beginning rider. Best prices in town for all maintenance situations.
1	I'm building a custom bicycle for my Girlfriend. And wanted a chrome old school seat post for her bicycle. I have a nice old school cruiser seat with lots of chrome. This shop does "low riders". When I started asking questions, he got all grumpy. He said he won't do special orders? Really? Every other bicycle shop on the planet will. Take a deposit. Order the part. I was willing to over pay for the right post. How does this guy stay in business? What a jerk.
5	This is my local repair shop. Yep he is a grouchy old man but his work is excellent and quick. Got a flat ? By the time you walk to 7-11 and back he will have you on the road.
5	I love this guy. His name is John and he is a grouch (commenting on someone else's review). He's from Chicago and I like to call him Chicago. I've been back multiple times and each time we have a unique and interesting experience together. He's done a great job with my bike and is affordable enough for my broke artist ass. I used to live in Chicago, so I get the grouch. I'm from Massachusetts, so Chicago attitudes are toned down from what I'm used to. If you're sensitive and can't handle someone with a fantastic strong personality, go find someone else, but if you're looking for someone who's going to be real and give you a little bite, he's awesome. His work is just as good as anyone else's, so it's all about whether you're able to handle his Chicago. People from Las Vegas tend to be super sensitive and take things way too personal. Personally, I love the bite. I plan to continue to go back, even if he does mess up at some point. I'm assuming he's human like the rest of us and people make mistakes, though he's never made one with me.
