5	Really, I would be willing to drive to get the service I receive at Obebe Nails.  Luckily it is just around the corner from my house, so I go there a lot.  I have never had a bad experience, and just about everyone has worked on me.  I get a lot of pedicures there and they are BY FAR the cleanest, most sanitary I've ever seen.  They are gentle and listen to my concerns and follow through.  Once I made a comment about the cute oriental broom they used to sweep up, and my nail tech offered to buy me one next time she went to the Korean market.  Three weeks later, she had it for me, and I tried to pay her more than it cost and she happily refused.  I'm in there late (near closing time) and they never have turned away a client who comes at closing.  All in all, a great place to have your nails done!
4	I went here for the first time as a birthday gift from my dear hubby.  I got a full set of acrylic nails and a spa pedicure.  The staff was very polite and asked if I would be able to wait about 10 minutes which was no problem given the advanced notice.  While I was waiting I listened as regular customers called and booked appointments, giving me a sense that with such regular clientele I would be in good hands.The Pedicure:  I was given a menu describing the 3 different pedicures as I sat down in the chair.  I chose the middle package as it included the callous removal, sugar scrub and several extra minutes in the chair.  The technician set a timer to ensure that I got the full time which I appreciated.  The result was incredibly relaxing and my feet looked and felt great afterwards.  He actually worked a bit longer after the timer went off, massaging my feet and legs.  The reason that I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is that the pressure was too much, especially on my knees which are very sensitive.The Nails:  Not much to say here, the technician really took his time and did a great job, although my nails ended up being WAY too long.  (which is partly my own fault for not asking his to shorten them, but I didnt realize how long they really were until I tried to type in them..  NOT happening!)  Again, this is the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5.Altogether I spent about 80 bucks, tip included which I thought was pretty good for the nearly 2 hours that the technician worked with me.  Would I go again?  Yes, but I will be much more specific about what I want next time.
4	A great place to get your nails done. I've had both pedicure and manicure here. Both nail techs were very detailed oriented and spent a lot of time making my nails look great. They are also all very friendly and make you feel welcome!
5	Best in Queen Creek! Prices are great and the staff knows what they're doing. I will totally be back again!
4	I've been going here for over a year. They are very busy, so you have to be patient upon arrival. I have had an appt. before and then had to wait as long as a 1/2 hour longer, however, they were so apologetic and they gave me a substantial discount because of it. I always get their Spa pedicure, if you love to be pampered then this is the place to go. There's not a lot of ambiance, but it's clean and they staff is very nice and friendly. They aim to please. Give it a try, what do you have to loose.
4	After a bad experience a year ago (my quoted 20-minute wait time turned in to 50-minutes),  I was hesitant to go back. I am happy to say that this time was a lot better! I did call ahead and schedule my fill which helped. My fill turned in to a full set because my nails were lifting. Taking off my old nails and putting on a new set plus color took 45 minutes which is pretty quick!My normal place in Scottsdale is a lot prettier, but if you aren't expecting Scottsdale decor and atmosphere, this is a great place.I'll be back the next time I need a fill when I can't get in to my normal place. :)
4	Very efficient, clean and well priced.
5	I like this nail salon a lot. I am very picky about cleanliness after getting 2 (!!) nail infections at another San Tan Valley salon, and Obebe is very clean. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is quiet, which I like.The pedicures are great. The leg and foot massage is so relaxing I almost fall asleep. I usually get the middle priced pedi, which includes salt scrub and callus remover. They use timers so you definitely get full value - no rush jobs.I have been extremely happy with my nails. I get an acrylic overlay and keep my nails short, and they look terrific. I tend to wait too long between visits because they look great for weeks.If you go on the weekend I recommend you get an appointment, or you may have to wait for half an hour (or more).
5	They were very accommodating!  Felt safe there.  They showed about sterilizing & options for your experience.  As a traveler this is very important to me.
5	Lily! Best pedicure I have ever gotten! That's all I have to say.
4	Great place to get a pedicure and gel manicure! Service is always good. Chairs are so very comfy!! I would recommend making an appointment though because walk ins are usually impossible.. "Can you come back in 2 hours?"It usually costs around $70 + tip to get a pedicure and gel manicure. Pricey, but I like that the service and cleanliness is consistent!
5	Loved this place!  My mom and I went for pedicures.  They were both great.  She had a manicure that she was very happy with and I had an awesome gel manicure.  The prices are great and so was the service.  We made an appointment because we heard they can get busy.  they took us right on time.  Will be back!!!!
5	Love this place!  Reasons to give them a try:  friendly service, precision manicure and pedicure, great prices.  I've been here numerous times since and have been equally satisfied after each visit.
5	Best nail salon in town.  Had to have a full set done, because the place I usually go to did such a terrible job that half of them fell off in a week.  I decided to try Obebe.  Surprisingly, they were empty, probably because it was raining that day.  Lucky for me, I was taken right away, by a very friendly, professional tech.  Mindy is the best.  My nails look absolutely beautiful.  She actually listened to my requests and did exactly what I wanted.  The salon itself is clean and comfortable.  Everyone there seems very pleasant and professional.  it is a little pricy, but hey, you get what you pay for.  Can't wait to come back and get a pedicure as well.  I will make an appointment as they are usually very busy.  Highly recommend.
5	Best nail place I have ever been to. Toni did a wonderful job on my nails and I am a customer for life now! It's clean, bright and the staff is very friendly
5	Everyone here is so nice and they have the best pedicure in San Tan valley! Prices are excellent. Great facial wax as well. If you need so me time definatly the place to go.
4	My husband and I went here for the first time today. Had one of the best pedicures I have ever had. Was extremely clean, light,  and colorful. I will definitely try getting nails done here and see how they do. I have not been able to find a decent nail salon in the area yet. Will write a review after I have my nails done.
