4	I saw in our neighborhood newsletter that Banzai had opened up on March 3rd.  Last night my wife and I went up there to try it out.I am glad that another sushi bar has gone into this location.  I was a big fan of Blue Wasabi at DC Ranch because it was great atmosphere.  At times we were there 3-4 nights a week.  Banzai Cowboy certainly is trying to make their place a fun spot to be.The owners of this place are the former owners of NYPD Pizza, so they have the restaurant experience.  The food was very good.  For their second day open we didn't have any problems with dishes coming out wrong (which is typically when some places open their doors).  The staff was friendly and had a great attitude about the place.  The menu is nice and has a bigger variety, food wise, than what Blue used to have at DC Ranch.  We tried a bunch of their specialty rolls and thought all of them were good.  They have about a dozen martini's on the menu and I only tried two of them last night.  They were pretty good.My only complaint is a small one.  I started out by ordering a tall Captain and Coke, my standard drink.  I was disappointed that instead of being served in a pint glass (or something of similar size) it was served in one of those narrow Collins glasses.  Had I known I never would have ordered the drink tall because there really isn't any benefit too it. This place has got different stuff going on every night, so they should be able to bring in a decent crowd.  25% off on Monday if you wear Cowboy or Japanese apparel.  It's spelled out on the menu with the details.Karaoke on Thursdays and a bunch of other stuff the rest of the week.  I really hope this place does well because it is nice to have a fun, casual sushi bar in the neighborhood.
1	HORRIBLE- greasy tempura and flat on one side.  the roll was loaded with rice and that's about it.  The waitress sat with her friends and talked even tho I needed some attenttion.  At the end she thought by calling me "doll" that would make up for everything.  I could not have been more disappointed and won 't ever do back- These guys will never take the place of Blue Wasabi.
4	I agree with Desiree O...check the time before you go!  Super cool vibe!  Fresh sashimi and the best roll that I liked was the Surf & Turf roll--Seared filet mignon, shrimp tempura, asparagus, avocado and poblano pepper with tomatillo sauce. 14.95  One roll will fill you.  I've never had another roll like this which makes it great!!  Their "Banzai" shot definitely breaks the ice and makes it F-U-N!!  Don't forget your cowboy hat ;-)
4	Good to see a new place pop up here. Decent happy hour albeit the wines could be cheaper for what they are. The ambiance was unique and looks like most of the seating is outside.  Luckily there was a large party outside so it created more seating inside.The menu looked really good. Especially the cowboy fried chicken roll! I will be back to try more. Definitely read the quotes on the wall, some funny stuff.  All in all, after seeing felipe's leave the complex, it is nice to have another option that is not so pretentious.  Not everybody craves wine bars.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!This is the third time we've gone and have to say that from start to finish, everything is tasty fresh and the atmosphere is really great.  Hubby and I could probably eat here every weekend.  We took the kids last night (big sushi eaters) and this is their favorite place too.We always start with the Edemame 3 ways - So good.  Its ot your run of the mill edemame.  One is lightly tossed in a southwest spice salt, one is in a soy type marinade and the 3rd is in a spicy aioli.  It lasted maybe 5 minutes.  We then asked to try the Crab Puffs - WOW.  They came right out of the fryer and were really hot but we were all burning ourselves to try and eat them because the taste was so good.Second round consisted of their Bonzai sashimi's.  We ordered double orders of all three - Seared Tuna, Yellowtail. and Salmon.  They are all very different and the marinades plus the different salads they came with really compliment the sashimi.  The Seared Tuna is coated with ground pepper in a soy type sauce.  The salmon is paired with finely diced apples and nuts, and the yellowtail has a very thinly slided jalapeno plus another awesome sauce.  All 3 double orders were eaten so fast, not even our waiter Summer could believe it.For rolls, we ordered the Southwest Ceviche, the Desert Rose (YUM), the Desperado (Yum with a little heat), the Vegas Roll (AWESOME) and the crowd pleaser the Country Fried Chicken Roll.  It seems a little wrong to be eating a non-sushi type roll in a sushi restaurant (we're a bit purist at times) but you can't help loving that roll -- served with a BBQ sauce you want to bath in...Martini's are great and my favorite is the Sheso Sexy (get it???) - it tastes like a cherry kiddie drink.  Hubby loves the Dirty Harry (Dirty Martini) which was really perfectly balanced.  I have no idea what the bad reviews were about - and if any of that did happen you should try this place again.  I have always found the waitstaff to be really really attentive - Summer has taken care of us 2 or 3 times and she's great.  They will take care of you will good food, good drink and good times.  I'm not a 5 star type person but this place really deserves it.  One of the plaques on their wall had a great saying that I leave you with:  "Man who steals wife's sushi gets no piece at home"   Remember that, gentlemen!!
4	Sushi with a southwestern twang! Indoor and outdoor seating with misters and flatscreens (can someone tell me why they are mounted so high on the wall?)Great selection of martini specialties and probably the ONLY place in the SW that I know of that has MOCHI!!!enjoy!
4	Was visiting the Scottsdale area on vacation this past weekend and was looking for some good sushi in the nearby area.  I found this restaurant on Yelp and I'm glad my friends and I decided to go.  We had such a great time!  We met the owner Greg and the sushi chef Miki.  Not only was the food great, but so was the service and atmosphere.  I would highly recommend trying this place out.
4	We two families ate there last week. The sushi was unique and, for the most part, outstanding. The seasoned edamame was quite good with the exception of the southwest sauce (too sloppy), but the southwest dry seasoning was great. As for the sushi, we all loved tuna tartar appetizer.  It was like nachos for sushi lovers!  How cool. The good to great rolls included the big daddy, spicy tuna, and banzai (which included jalepeno). I felt that the tootsie roll was too heavy with eel sauce but it was still enjoyed by all. For that matter, I believe that their eel sauce is too thick whenever applied.  It made things oversweet.   The miso soup was good but also a tad heavy.  Finally, the service was flawless. We will be back!  Yum.
5	Fellow Yelpers -Hang your hats low and mourn the loss of one of my favorite Sushi restaurants - Bonzai Cowboy.It closed its doors last month and I for one am so sorry it did!  Good-bye beautiful Trio of Sashimi in Ponzu!!  Buh-Bye luscious Stallion Roll and *gasp* Sayonara my-most-favorite-and-never-to-be-found-again-anywhere Cowboy Fried Chicken Roll!!!   (sniff, sniff)Hubby and I will miss you!
1	I'm not sure how, but after going back, it was even worse.  I should have stuck to my guns and not given them a second chance.  The service was empty and the rolls were just full of rice.  The fish is not fresh- that's kind of important in Sushi.  AVOID THIS PLACE.  I also heard the owner is pumping up some of these good reviews???NOW IT DOESN'T MATTER- THEY CLOSED
