4	I have been waiting for this place to open for the longest time and now that it is I can say it was worth the wait. A hip, cool place to eat literally a few steps away from work. The decor of the place was tastefully done and the staff, with one VERY notable exception, was friendly and courteous. Since I was strapped for time, I order a take out(note, not yet available) from their reasonably priced lunch menu. I did get the General Woo Chicken and my order came with a cup of SOD and one of the tastiest egg rolls I had in a long time. Seems like I would be going there for seconds and for dinner very soon. Also, It gives life to what it once was a very drab and empty corner. Trust me, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
4	Just when you thought the owners of Stingray and Drift couldn't create another great place, they do! Just like Pierre, I was waiting for this place to open. A chic, hip, and relaxing Chinese place directly in the the middle of Old Town with the streets lined with douche bags definitely isn't my cup of tea, but I had to make an exception. I'm glad I did. As soon as we sat down they gave us complimentary green tea. Not sure if everyone that comes in gets this, but I like to think not. We are just that special!. We sat down with 15 minutes left in happy hour, so we couldn't pass that up. Crab puffs, lobster spring rolls, spare ribs, and 2 noodle dishes. Oh, I cant forget the main dish...booze. Jimmy Woo drink list made me laugh with drinks like Yellow Fever, The Year of the Cock, and Woo Tang. Immediately I had to have the year of the cock. Let me tell you, the name is cooler then the drink itself. It is a margarita. NO Chinese infusions at all. I was disappointed, hence the 4 stars. The second round I went with the Woo Tang. Cause like the Clan said "Woo Tang ain't nothin to fuck with". Well I did fuck with it and its was just ok. Tastes exactly like a creamsicle. Both drinks were good with a good amount of booze to non-booze ratio. Now back to the food. It was delish! I will definitely have to go back to eat off their regular menu. The service was great! Our server was accepting of my witty garbage I always say. The scene at JW's was the typical douchey Scottsdale. Lots of foil and studded shirts. On the plus side of things, lots of big fake tits. All in all I would totally recommend this place to anyone. P.S...I got dibs on the golden waving cat on the bar!
3	I was here earlier in the week with friends for dinner.I love the contemporary decor.  The fact that the west side of the space facing Scottsdale Rd opens up is great when the weather is nice.The food was just OK.  We ordered the egg drop soup, house fried rice, beef with broccoli and a shrimp dish.I'd definitely come back again for the atmosphere.  I'll probably order different items to see if I can find something that I like better on the menu.
4	Last night was my first time to the newly opened Jimmy Woo's.  Since I was looking forward to this, my expectations were high.  From start to finish, it was a great dining experience!  When you first walk-up, the space is inviting with outdoor seating, a huge open bar and great energy throughout.  After entering the restaurant, we were warmly greeted and seated right away.  The interior is red and black as anticipated for a traditional Chinese restaurant, but combined with the retro-feel of a cool lounge.  The food was great as were the aptly named drinks such as the Woo jito.  We had a number of entrees including Mongolian lamb and Singapore noodles.  Even the chocolate flourless cake was delicious.  In addition, the entire staff we encountered, from our server to the management, was really attentive and service oriented.  For a new restaurant, they were extremely well-run and exceeded my expectations.  I look forward to dining here again in the near future and trying some of the other items on the extensive menu.
3	If I was only going to review based on the food I would have given it only 2 stars, but I do vow to go back at least twice. If I am wowed by the food I will update my rating. I wanted to try Woo's for lunch because it is within walking distance of my salon and once again I am trying to give back to my community by spreading my once a week lunch dollar around. I loved the decor and layout of the space. The service was very efficient and friendly. The complimentary green tea was a great surprise because it was actually a bit chilly when I went. Now on to the food. I ordered the BBQ pork which was a huge disappointment. It was so incredibly basic but the veggies were very fresh and cooked perfectly. But the pork was dry, chewy and I even had 2 pieces that were pure gristle. The sauce was so sweet that I thought I was brought sweet and sour pork instead. Nope, that is the sauce. I did like that you had an option of either white, brown or fried rice. The egg roll that comes with the lunch special was good, nice and crispy on the outside, but it had meat in it. Now I am a carnivore but it made me think of my non meat eating friends, is this the standard or do they have meatless egg rolls too for those that order meatless entrees? The portion size was good and even though I ended up not eating my leftovers it would have been enough for another lunch or light dinner. I will be back to try again...
1	I was hoping this restaurant would be better. The biggest problem with this restaurant was the service.  We ordered three dishes and a soup as an appetizer. I had eaten there once before and wanted to give the restaurant one more try before I gave an opinion. The soups tended to be somewhat bland. Also, we ordered the sizzling rice soup. We had to serve the soup ourselves after a bowl was placed on the table. The rice was anything but sizzling. We also had a problem with one dish being VERY SALTY.  We complained to our waiter and she removed the dish as requested. Unfortunately, we were still charged for this dish and no accommodations were made to correct our complaints. The atmosphere is fun and hip, but the service will make me not go back to this restaurant. I hope they higher more professional accommodating servers.
4	I do wish there were 1/2 stars, but in this case, I'd give JW a 3.5.  The location is excellent, and the decor and ambience are very nice.  The service was very good, although we did have to ask a second time for one of our drinks.  We had a small party of 3, and the waitress was quite nice and attentive.  We all tasted each other's dishes (which is sort of like a given whenever you go to a Chinese restaurant).  First of all, the wonton soup was delicious, the dumplings wrapped tight with the pastry just the right thickness, and the broth was perfect.  My wife had a shrimp dish, which consisted of large steamed shrimp seasoned with a combination of sweet and spicy, which were marvelous.  Our friend had dumplings, both chicken and pork.  They were delicious as well.  My shrimp with lobster sauce was very well done.  I have difficulty giving it a perfect score, not because it wasn't done well, but because their recipe included black beans, that is not really my taste.  But I will go back and the next time ask for no beans.  I did clean my plate, however.
4	I took a chance today and decided to hit Jimmy woo's for lunch and I am happy to say I was not disappointed. I came in with an open mind and was pleasantly surprised when I saw that they had a great lunch special menu with a ton of items under $10's, so I partook in the Sweet and Sour Chicken with fried rice and an egg roll. When my lunch came to be it was still smoking hot and it smelled wonderful, and I got a nice bowl of soup included in the price. this was a good amount of food for a small price, Jack-pot! I finished it off with a nice hot sake and it's safe to say I'll be back :D
4	Owners of Drift and Stingray, I give you props once again for opening up another fabulous place in Old Town.I went a few weeks ago on a date night with my roomie and was beyond excited...I love going to new places for the food, drinks & chance to Yelp. Hah :)It took a little longer than necessary for our server to greet us considering the place wasn't very busy but once she did, she was attentive and nice. The cocktails have hilarious names like the Woo Tang and the Woo Jito and aren't lacking in flavor or booze. I had the WooJito and it was yummy! We started off with the lettuce wraps which my roommate had heard were amazing and they didn't disappoint. The lettuce was fresh, the sauce was spicy and the chicken was fantastic. I stayed boring with the Cashew Chicken but it was so flavorful and the chicken was so tender that I didn't regret it. Can't wait to head back soon!
4	Great new restaurant. Posh decor and a crowded dining room and patio with good looking people for dinner on a Wednesday night. Service was good and the food came out promptly. The egg drop soup was good but a little plain. Maybe they can add some vegis or meat???The entrees we ordered were good (although I forget what they were now).Prices are similar to PF Changs, but the ambiance is a little more upscale and hip. Nicely done!
3	Very cool place in Old Town Scottsdale!  The decor is posh, the service is attentive (almost too attentive) and the food is good!  The food is not as good as other Chinese places in town, but decent.
5	Excellent food and service each time I've been there.  Upscale and hip atmosphere and a great location in Old Town.  A nice mix of entree's on the menu and some very creative drinks.Happy hour 7 days a week until 6:30 is worth noting.  This is now my #1 spot for Chinese in Scottsdale.
2	Heavy sauce, mediocre shrimp, good and friendly service. Do not think I will go back after two other friends said that they felt as bad as I did after eating there.The only reason it has two stars is due to the excellent service.
4	Went for Happy Hour a few days ago. Great deals - half off bottles of wine (but not glasses!), half off import beers and half off their specialty drinks. Appetizers $3 - $5, and good quality for the price. They will steam dumplings, and I kept inhaling seafood ones. Service very attentive - don't forget to tip on the pre-discounted amounts. Very empty at 5-6PM on a Wednesday, which seemed almost strange.
3	So, Jimmy Woo's. One thing that can't be argued is that they had a great interior decorator, right when I walked in, I loved the vibe. We were seated immediately, and promptly served. The service is excellent and efficient :) We started with the egg rolls as an appetizer which were dee-lish-ous! And I ordered off their fancy drink menu and got a Jimmy Palmer, yum! For entrees, which they serve family style, we got the Shanghai Delight (broccoli, snow peas, and shrimp in a sauce) and the Chinese Braised Short Ribs. It was pretty good food, a little less sauce though on both dishes would have been preferred. The shrimp was cooked alright, and the ribs were very tender with a somewhat smoky taste. Again, if there had been less sauce, I think I would have enjoyed it even more. Like a lot of other posh Chinese food places, as my mother said after we'd left, "Jimmy Woo's is simply glorified American-Chinese take-out." It's true, but it makes for a pretty good dinner in Old Town.
1	Was so hungry came across this place while walking to the mall. The wonton soup was hideous.  The broth was decent, but the wonton another story. The wonton wrap was way too thick, very overwhelming and the stuffing had no flavor.Hot Spicy Szechuan Lobster: for it being $22 it tasted like crap too much badder, can't even taste the lobster. Sizzling Black Pepper Beef: presentation was nice, however the beef was super dry. It actually tasted like old meat. I even think Panda Express meat taste better and it's 1/3 of that price.
1	Had an awful experience with Jimmy Woos.  I wish I would have written this review a few weeks ago when it happened but it slipped my mind until just now.  I group of us from work got take out from here and while I know take out leaves more room for error, this was incredible.  I got a kids meal because I wanted a little bit of everything and the dessert included.  I got the shrimp lo mein that came with beef instead of shrimp, they charged me for the fried rice which was supposed to be included, and they didn't even give me my dessert which I was so excited about.  Luckily I work with nice people so one of them went back to the restaurant for me to tell them how they completely messed up my order and they took off the fried rice charge and gave us a free dessert but just too much had gone wrong to recover me so I probably won't be back.  Sorry Jimmy Woos.. I really did want to like you!
1	Went here on a Tuesday night and it was packed! Had some stir-fried mushrooms which were excellent and ordered the black tea noodle thingy. I had thought it came with baked tofu (which it does now that I look at the online menu) and we asked the server about it. She said she would find out and let us know. She never came back with tofu or to tell us if I was wrong. So, I didn't get what I ordered and the server never bothered to fix the mistake.My girlfriend got the Vegetable Chow Fun which she said was flavorless. She took it home and ended up making a miso sauce to give it flavor. Between the two of us we spent around $40 and left disappointed. For what you pay, not worth it. I'd rather pay $7.50 for some Orange Tofu from Chopstick Express.
2	I've often used the word Chinamerican to help describe food being made at some Chinese restaurants. This type Americanized Chinese cookery usually includes the same suspects like sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, lo mein and can be found pretty much anywhere except Old Town Scottsdale. Now the owners of Geisha A Go Go and Stingray Sushi have opened another Asian concept capturing the essence of Chinamerican, Jimmy Woo's. While cool and modern inside, they somehow managed to pay homage to the type of Chinese restaurants I knew when I was a kid. There are no white and pink table cloths here but the half moon shaped black leather booths, dim lighting and old school Chinese menu evokes a 70's mod vibe. Be sure to check out the enormous abacus, it'll be the largest you'll ever see. Outdoors, Woo's has a fantastic patio that faces Scottsdale Road which is great for people watching.Woo's offers a daily happy hour that starts at 3pm, which gets you drink discounts and a well priced small plates menu. Offerings such as plump and juicy Pan Fried Pork Dumplings ($4) and a plate full of fork tender, lightly fried Salt and Pepper Calamari ($5.25) are stand outs. If you pair these with a carafe of hot Sake ($4), happy hour could be a meal in of itself.Looking over you'll notice that it's all about the classics and these classics are done pretty well, starting with Hot and Sour Soup ($5.95). Yes this is on every single Chinese menu around town but Woo's version adds tofu, mushrooms, egg, bamboo and chicken making for a hearty robust soup. Be sure to ask for some chili paste, the nose clearing effect is like tasty medicine. After one bite of the Chinese Chicken Salad ($8.95), you couldn't help but notice that while well dressed in a peanut ginger dressing, it lacked any sort of flavor punch. Made with napa cabbage, carrot, bell pepper, snap peas and scallions then topped with fried noodles and almonds, the ingredients were vibrant and fresh. Hopefully they reconfigure their dressing since the added brightness from citrus juice or vinegar can be key to taking ho-hum to wow. Slightly crispy, tender, sweet and sour tossed with bits of chili and citrus peel, the Orange Beef ($13.95) was decent. For me this is what Asian style cooking is all about, appealing to many of my senses without any one being overwhelmed. However on another visit this dish was so overly sweetened and gloopy that it was pretty much inedible. Different chef?I thought it was funny the veggie only, Eggplant with Tofu and Mushroom ($15) dish was one of the most expensive on the menu. Don't get me wrong, this dish was tasty with its slightly sweet sauce and well cooked vegetables it's just priced oddly high. I found it  funny that many of the shrimp and scallop dishes are priced less than this one. Go figure. Jimmy Woo's may woo you with its sophisticated yet fun atmosphere, but for me it was the friendly service and their ability to make Chinese hip and cool. I only wish the food was as hip and cool.
4	I thought the food was great!Salty.... but soooooo good!  Mmmm, sodium.Ended up ordering a few different entrees, along with some appetizers.I'll totally come back to this place during happy hour to try alllllllllll the different appetizers!I loved the crab puffs!  Delicious!!!!
1	Don't waste your time.Visiting Scottsdale AZ and heard about Jimmy Woo's - a new Chinese place several locals mentioned.  Sounded like it would be worth a try.  Stopped in for lunch.  Place was busy, but not crazy.  We got seated promptly, and then waited...and waited...and waited.  No glass of water, no drink order, no wait staff at all stopping by, several wait staff made eye contact from a distance and then studiously ignored us.  People who came in after us, got seated, got waited on...but not us.  Service of the poorest kind.  We finally just got up and left.  Bottom line - the service sucks.  I won't be going back, and I don't recommend anyone waste their time with Jimmy Woo's.  Sure some folks might just write it off as growing pains of a new place - but if the management can't train their wait staff, it's not my problem, and it's not my job to give them second chances. I eat out enough to know that I don't need to waste my time, or my friend's time, with poor service.  Consider my one star rating a generous gift.
3	Had lunch with a co-worker here last week.  The menu was a little boring but we both liked our food.  I enjoyed the decor, it looks like a place that get really get buzzing in the evening.  The service was great.  Best part of the meal was the Egg Drop soup - it had a lot more flavor than most.  I also really liked the Mango ice tea.
2	Ahh Jimmy Woo's, perhaps I caught you on an off day, but hindsight tells me that is very likely not the case. Your location could not be better, nor could your atmosphere, but it seems whoever is responsible for you failed to put any thought into your fare and its execution. Picture this - 'Twas an early Saturday afternoon and maybe a dozen patrons were in attendance. Several items from the lunch menu were suggested by the dashing bartender (did not catch her name unfortunately). It took about a millisecond to see everything from this menu was similar to what one might find at a Panda Express drive-thru. Uninterested in any of those offerings I opted to go for a staple - beef fried rice. Upon looking back I think the lunch "specials" may have been suggested for a good reason, primarily because my friend's plate (who did take the recommendation) was served in a timely manner. His plate came out, delivered by who appeared to be a manager, about 10-15 minutes after ordering. Oddity number one - why weren't both orders delivered at the same time? In any case, conversations continued while I watched the "manager" walking around texting on his phone. Quality check number one came from the bartender - "Everything is just fine," we replied. Quality check number two arrived and still no food for yours truly. Impatience having yet to set in, we replied that everything continued to be fine. Shortly after, I started noting other other patrons who had arrived long after we set foot in the place receiving their food. Quality check number three came to which I replied, "Have you seen a beef fried rice around here anywhere?" The bartender answered that food was delivered as soon as it was ready. Hmm... Okay. As time kept elapsing she offered a bowl of soup and even later, a drink on the house (I declined both). Finally, when I thought the anticipation could not get any greater, the "beef fried rice" was delivered. To say that it was sub-par would be a bit of an exaggeration; the first bite was cold as was the second. I started sticking my index finger in the heaping pile of "fried rice" sitting in front of me searching for any warmth. My excursions resulted in the conclusion that the beef was the only thing lukewarm on the plate. In closing, after waiting an hour for an elementary dish during a decidedly slow part of the day, you left me disappointed Jimmy Woo's. I shutter to think of the quality of your lobster and lamb dishes if the fried rice is any indicator. I may find myself within your walls again in the future for a cocktail, but never again would I venture to waste my time or yours on your thoroughly uninspired and poorly executed menu.
3	We went to Jimmy Woo's for lunch on a Monday. I made a reservation but the place was pretty empty. They had a decent lunch menu/combo. The food was just ok. Here was the sum of my experience:--You get the same kind of food as you do at Pei Wei. While the quality of the food seems a bit better, the portion was MUCH smaller (no leftovers!). In my opinion, for several $$s more, you can't do both. Charge me for better food, sure. But you can't give me much less of it, also. Now I just feel ripped off.We'd probably go back for happy hour, though, just to see if that makes the price more in line with the food.
1	I hate giving bad reviews because I hate spending money at places to not enjoy my meal.  So I ate at Jimmy Woo's and had the shrimp in lobster sauce.  The food just really didn't taste that great and I totally was not impressed.  After tossing half of my meal I called it a night.  Well Jimmy didn't think so I barely made it home and I was seriously sick from what I ate.  I won't get into details but totally not a fun experience.  I see many people have went there and been fine but I for sure will never go back unless just to drink.  I can't eat somewhere I got sick at again ever.  Too bad it's got a great location and nice bar.
3	Had the singapore noodles, they were OK - not great but OK.  Great patio seating to people watch on Scottsdale road.  The female bartenders are nice on the eyes.
3	Jimmy Woo's started off strong! The hostess allowed us party of 3 to sit at a patio 6-top, as there were no other seats. We were visited for drink orders right as we sat, and our waitress checked in a few times before we were prepared to order. Note: who could say no to those amazing lunch specials with soup, egg roll, rice and dish?! Seriously excited to revisit and try a few more for cheap! Unfortunately, it was after we ordered when things started to SLOW down. And that's the only way to put it... it took 20 minutes for our soup to arrive. Our meals arrived 5 minutes later, and when we were done, we waited an additional 20 minutes to gain the attention of our waitress for the bill. 15 minutes later, we were finally walking out the door. It was difficult to see if our waitress was overwhelmed with other tables, but by the time we were leaving, the number of patrons had declined significantly.. so I have to imagine service slowed after the rush and we were left hanging for a bit...The food was great though! Well portioned, classic tastes, and felt like a healthier Chinese option. We tried the Woojitos, and I enjoyed them... bit weak, but I had to return to work, so I didn't mind! I also like the booth seating inside - such a diner feel.
4	I met a few friends for happy hour and dinner here, and was pleasantly surprised by my experience. I like Chinese food, but I have never been a big fan of P.F. Changs because there as never been a dish there that stood out to me and made me want to go back, so I was interested to see what Jimmy Woo's had to offer. The happy hour is a great deal, all of their specialty cocktails are 1/2 price, so they come in around $4 and are unique and quite tasty. They have a pretty large menu of food items too on happy hour, from egg rolls and dumplings to even some rice and noodle dishes! The crab Rangoon's were pretty good, but I think they may have used imitation crab. I thought the pork egg rolls tasted better and were a better value at only $1.5 for 2 large rolls. We also ordered dinner and tried the Kung Pao chicken (nice heat, and not greasy), Orange Peel chicken (tasty but a little dry, and not nearly as good as Bamboo Clubs) and the Honey Seared Shrimp (this was by far the best version of these I have ever had, the shrimp were huge and the sauce was just perfect). The menu has a lot of other items that I would be interested in trying and the vibe inside is nice. I think this is probably my new go to Chinese place in Old Town. And another bonus, they even have their own parking lot!
4	We had tried to go to a nearby restaraunt this particular Sunday around 4pm and since it was closed we happened upon Jimmy Woos.  Upon entering the place I was worried as it looked like the prices might be a bit higher than I felt comfortable paying.  Once being seated and opening the menu, however, I was pleasantly surprised.  We had a baby with us and they were very accomodating with the high chair and even a kid's cup for her to drink out of.  The food was good, very good compared to the delivery chinese I had become accustomed to lately.  Their mushu beef was delicious, despite the meat being a bit chewy and we tried the lobster curry which was was a hit and a miss.  The curry was delicious but the lobster was tasteless and too mushy.  I would recommend sticking with the general americanized chinese and you probably will really enjoy your meal.  All in all I give them 4 stars because the service was incredible, our server was attentive and interested, keeping our drinks filled and checking in on us several times.  I really enjoyed the flavors and felt completely full upon leaving.  If you're in the neighborhood and jonesing for Chinese, I would really recommend this place.  The happy hour specials looked really good, so you might want to hit them up around that specific time.
2	Standard scottsdale decor and house music playing.....so I knew what to expect. Had pan fried pork potstickers. The wraps were straight up rubber. The filling was like well........wet cat food. I have personally wrapped a few thousand of theese AND cooked them and this was a poor attempt at best. Our food hit the table 30 secs later. Kudos the chef for the timing. Mongolian beef was good. I like the thick slices of beef but a little overkill on the scallions. Now desert. . Ugh.....flourless chocolate cake. Staight out of the box and fridge. No bueno. Not to mention our waitress said they messed it up 3 times in back. Then dumped an astoundingly gross amount of raspberry on plate and got it out 15 mins later. Our server was nice and did her job....and thanks to the bartender for the grasshoper! They are the only reason I gave 2 stars. Wont be back for that food at $14 bucks a plate! Im goin back to totties!
4	I tried this place for the first time and was impressed. We started off with the app sampler at happy hour which was well worth the money, then the service was great as my water glass was never empty. The meal was last and it was very good. I would tell all my friends to try this place I hope to try other menu items in the future.
3	The food was decent here, definitely not the best I've had for chinese. But the atmosphere was totally worth it. It made it worth going back. Also, the staff had good looking women, always a plus.
5	I drove by this place yesterday, which made it the perfect place to visit today.  I've been looking for some Chinese that is better than China Panda.  Although I set the bar low, I've been having trouble surpassing it for the last two years since I moved to Phoenix.   Would my search for good Chinese food within the confines of the greater Phoenix area come to an end at Jimmy Woo's?  I have some bad news, my lunch buddy is cheating me with work outs and other friends.  So I've been eating solo on occasion.  On a mission, as always, I arrived alone.  The Egg Drop soup was just like every Egg Drop Soup I've ever had.  I'm not sure that it is even worth the effort of making, but I ate it anyway.  What can I say, I was alone and vulnerable.  I also ordered a coke even though I didn't want any because Jimmy Woo's seemed too fancy to say, " No, I'll just have a water.". The egg roll might just be the best egg roll I've ever had.  It was fat, flaky, and filled with the right amount of meat.  I had almost given up on my favorite Chinese dish -- Kung Pao.  On a whim, I got it with beef instead of chicken, the way I have ordered since I could order my own meals.  Definitely better than China Panda, and actually quite good.  The beef was great.  And I was able to order it without water chestnuts as they list the ingredients on the menu and will remove them upon request.  FYI, not only do water chestnuts lack flavor, but I'm not even sure if they are really food.  I ate too many chili peppers up front, and had to douse the tongue with coke.  I don't eat fortune cookies, and the service was polite, even though I was alone.  Sure, you pay more for eating in downtown Scottsdale at restaurant with patio seating, a fancy bar, wrap around couch booths, an open kitchen, and sparkly, red table tops.  But to have decent Chinese food that is actually quite good in the Phoenix area, that is worth a slightly higher price.
1	The one star is for booze only. My girlfriends and I came here for dinner on a Friday night before hitting the town for my bachelorette party. We waited at the bar for the rest of our party to arrive, and I was happy with the drink options.Once our party had all arrived we moved to a table...Here's where things get lame:First, one of my good friends asks our server about some wine and he just shrugs and says he doesn't drink wine, but that they have a "wine guy", aka a sommelier which he couldn't pronounce, but that he was at they're other restaurant....Next, when I order I ask which seafood dish is best and he told me the Happy Family. It's a mix of shrimp, calamari, chicken, and scallops with veggies in a brown sauce, which sounded pretty good to me. Looking back I think he only suggested it because it was one of the more pricier options, at $15.95. I love veggies and it was mostly snap peas with some broccoli mixed in, so I grab a snap pea and immediately want to spit it out. It tasted like soap :( plus the sauce wasn't brown at all, it was kinda clear. Not much flavor at all, except for the soapy flavor :(I didn't eat much but took the rest home for left overs. Later that night and for the rest of the weekend, I had some weird stomach issues but nothing too serious and chalked it up to the drinking from the same night. On Monday night, I heated up my left-overs and only took 2 or 3 bites because it tasted so horrible and immediately made my stomach hurt. The next morning I woke up to the worst case of food poisoning I've ever had. I won't give you all the gross details, but I was so sick I couldn't even stand to take a shower. I read another review just now with someone else getting sick from seafood, so DO NOT order seafood from this place!!
3	Very trendy place and atmosphere. Food was ok. The ice tea was not that great as they don't even have regular ice tea. Would be a good place for happy hour and appetizers.
3	I'll take a cucumber mojito, tofu lettuce wraps and side of mushrooms!   That was my first order at Jimmy Woo's, and I liked every bit of it.  I can't say it was the best Chinese I've ever had, but it was solid, respectable and appeared to be cooked to order.  This is pretty impressive considering we went with a group of 20 people.  Since this was my first visit, I was surprised to at how big the dining area was both inside and out, ideal for big parties.   Despite the big group, the server was attentive, and she automatically split up the checks for us, which helped us avoid the whole "Cheap guy" at the table who never includes gratuity and tax, then stiffs the rest of us!
1	More like Jimmy Boo, big thumbs down to you!  The worst excuse for "Chinese" food I've ever had!  Key words here are: SALTY, GREASY, and FLAVORLESS.  My husband and I ate here for lunch and once was enough for us to write this place off as a total loss.  The atmosphere of the restaurant was nice and that's where the positive attributes end.  We started out with the veggie lettuce wraps then ordered from the lunch special menu in which the entrees include an egg roll and soup of the day.  The veggie lettuce wraps are described as "seasoned five spice tofu tossed in a savory vegetarian sauce."  What we got was anything but savory.  A heap of crumbled tofu was served on a plate and was soaked in some sort of sauce that had apparently had about a pound of salt added to it as that was the only predominant flavor.  After that disgusting mess, we opted to forego the egg rolls since we assumed that those would be greasy and salty too.  The soup of the day was some nondescript mix of mushrooms and vegetables, none of which were in large enough pieces to be identifiable and once again, the only flavor involved was that of salt.  I ordered the Kung Pao veggies and my husband ordered the Vegetable Delight.  When we ordered, the waitress asked us how spicy we'd like the dishes prepared and when we inquired as to how spicy their "spicy" dishes are, she assured us that our meals would be packing plenty of heat.  We may as well have each ordered the same entree as what arrived were two plates of greasy overcooked/undercooked veggies (it seemed that they just threw them in at random, not based on how long they would actually take to cook) in a completely flavorless sauce.  Neither dish had even a hint of spice to it and the veggies were of such poor quality that I only ate about one quarter of the meal.  Once I got back to the office, over the course of the afternoon, I think I consumed about a gallon of water because I was so thirsty from the loads of salt in everything.  A truly disgusting meal in every regard.
5	I must be in love with Jimmy Woo because reading through all his bad reviews... I feel really bothered! Is there something wrong with me? I think this place is great! The first time I came here I was a bit hesitant while ordering.. I figured it would be pricey because it was in Scottsdale. When the food came out, I was happy to see big portions! We ordered 3 dishes for 2 people and ended up taking a lot of it home. The prices matched the amount and quality of the food.I love how they have an option for brown rice with the dishes. I recommend the mongolian beef and kung pao vegetables! I think the food here is really good, and I never walk out of here feeling crappy and bloated like I do at other Chinese places. My only suggestion to the people running this place is to turn down the damn music. It's chinese food... chinese food can't be trendy!OH also, I think they close at 10 now.
3	Tried this for dinner one night.  Had the hot and sour soup, which was good.  Partner had the won ton soup, but had to ask for crispy won tons to add to the soup.  I had a diet coke to drink, but I swear there was alcohol in the glass - I sent it back and the same happened again.  i tasted my partners and her's was fine - not sure what was going on there.I had kung pao beef - it was a little too crispy.  My partner had the shrimp version (she wanted scallops but they were out !) - she said it was excellent.Liked the decor, but a bit pricey for what you got.
2	Had great expectations for Jimmy's. Unfortunately, they did not meet my expectations for food. Had a lunch special with Mongolian Beef and brown rice, wonton soup, and an egg roll, around $9.00. Nice atmosphere and personalities but that can't overcome the mediocre food. I hope they look at fixing the situation because these guys know how to deliver food and experience with Sting Ray.
4	I really like the food here. The black pepper chicken is super good and has a little spice to it which I love.  The drinks are good. The atmosphere is fun. It's a little pricey, but it's Scottsdale. :) I liked that the sauces weren't too slimy, if you know what I mean! One thing we ordered wasn't too good, I wouldn't get it again- was the wonton soup. It was totally flavorless. Other than that, everything was great.
2	As a FB fan, I was offered free Skyy Vodka drinks - for me and a few of my friends - for an hour if we came in during happy hour. I said, "What the heck, why not?" and rounded up a few friends to try them out. BEWARE of this PROMOTION, it ended up being a fraud in my book and lost them two stars.Woo's happy hour starts early (3ish) and ends at 6:30pm with specialty drinks half off and a variety of small dishes for reasonable prices. We sampled:- fried eggrolls ($1.95)- chicken dumplings ($2.95, ordered pan-fried)- seafood dumplings ($4.75, ordered steamed)- crab puffs ($2.95)- char sui ribs ($4.95)- shrimp balls ($5.95)- Woo's fried rice ($4.95) All the food was pretty good and arrived timely, although my pan-fried dumplings were steamed. The rice was enough for a few people. The other dishes were modest in size and good for individuals versus community sharing.A couple of my friends tried the Yellow Fever (and it fondly reminded me of Dean doing his Eye of the Tiger gag at the end of a Supernatural episode). A couple others had Skyy vodka plain with soda and another friend grabbed a beer. Sadly, with no Malibu, I was relegated to an imposter - Barcadi Coco - in the China Mist. HINT: Malibu would've made it WAY better!Thanks to Sheila, our server, plates were cleared and glasses refilled without us having to ask, always a plus in my book. However, when we got our $75.00 bill after an hour of eating and drinking, the Skyy drinks were INCLUDED. I asked our server about it and she removed two, but we were still charged for the other two. I would've given our experience 3.5-4 stars but when you charge for something you CLEARLY state are comped, then take a couple off and STILL include a couple, that's just crappy. $15 bucks off of $75 wouldn't have broken the bank and we tipped $20 on top of it. So, beware of their FB promo.
1	How do you mess up vegetable fried rice?! I'm done.
3	Very mixed feeling on this.  On the outside this place looks great and to be fair, the night scene may be good, but I have only been there in the day.I have eaten there 4 time with group of coworkers.  Every time I have been amazed at how slow the food is and how just OK the food is.  High price for just OK foodService is slow and the staff seems almost upset to be at work.If you are not drinking, skip it.
5	I read the reviews and was skeptical to say the least.  It turned out to be their Grand Reopening with an all new menu.  The food was fantastic.  No complains about the food or the service.  Our waitress made some great suggestions.  All in all, it was a great time and I was stuffed when I left.
4	Love Jimmy Woos. One of my favorite lunch spots in Old Town. It's sad, but the waitresses know my order when I sit down (that says a lot about me I suppose...). Seriously though, their orange peel chicken is my jam. They have great lunch specials, and it's good for dinner as well. They offer pick up service, but if you're traveling more than 10 minutes, it's not nearly as good as you would hope, especially if you've eaten there before and are expecting awesomeness. The have a new menu with some Thai and sushi options in addition to their Chinese cuisine. I don't really get why they added sushi to the menu since there are roughly 528 other sushi options in old town, but other than that the new menu is solid.  Decor is pretty cool (great booths), and they have a full bar and extensive drink menu with pretty good HH options. All in all if you like Americanized Chinese food, Jimmy Woos is a must in Old Town.
4	Came here for the happy hour and absolutely loved it! The half off prices were great, and the food was amazing. Just one thing to look out for, reading the happy hour menu it sounded like all alcohol was half off but my bottle of saki was full price. I can't complain though because the bottle of coconut lemongrass saki was delicious and I will be ordering another bottle on my next visit!
4	I freaking love this place! They have a great happy hour, and SPARKLY COUNTERTOPS. The service is usually pretty great and it's in a prime location. Did I mention the SPARKLY COUNTERTOPS yet? Cause I really love those.
3	this was our first visit to Jimmy Woo's and we were looking forward to it. the happy hour specials were a very good deal. all drinks, all apps, and all house sushi are half off. at their already very reasonable prices, the half off is a great incentive to enjoy the happy hour. maybe we didn't read the menu quite as thoroughly as we should, but all our apps turned out to be fried....panko shrimp, tempura veggies, and tempura crab. the crab dish came with only 2 crabs and the rest veggies. it was ok.i ordered one of the fish entrees and my wife the veggie delight. both were ok, but tasted like any other chinese food i've ever eaten. and i really, really like the DJ. his music was cool and down-tempo, but a little loud. is this a club or a restaurant? that's why we stopped going to RA....i don't want to yell at my wife to pass me the chopsticks at a restaurant. i would go back just because their happy hour was such a good deal.
3	Good prices for happy hour. Cool red and black decor inside. I appreciate the entree menu including listings f or 500cal or less. I think you just have to know what you're ordering. My veggie delight was simple, yet tasty and healthy. My husband and his friend ordered a bunch of tempura appetizers, which were coated in quite a heavy tempura batter. I can't excuse him for not knowing it was fried, but it was probably the heaviest tempura I've ever had and could not eat much of it. Service was lackluster. They failed the water-glass test, and our server seemed unenthusiastic about......everything. We went on a Saturday night, although it wasn't busy. Meh, worth a try if you're craving Asian food and still want something low-cal. You know you have that option here. Otherwise nothing to write home about.
1	This review is based solely on service - we came here at 730pm on a Saturday night and it was empty. So why did the hostess ignore us when we walked in? Shouldn't they have been estatic that they had customers? And why did our waitress act like we were inconveniencing her with our order? We couldn't get any service so we tried to flag down a staff member and she just shrugged and said, "I'm not waiting on you guys". Then we ordered a few rounds of sake bombs and the waitress wouldn't give us clean glasses for each round. What is the deal with this place?
1	We planned on going to a Touch of Thai which was located next door. That restaurant went out of business so we ended up here. I ordered the chicken curry with carrots & potatoes with an eggroll. My husband went with the combo fried fried rice. The chicken curry had very little sauce and the potatoes were crunchy. The eggroll lacked flavor. My husband liked his fried rice, I don't know why. The entire meal lacked flavor, I could have had a tastier meal at Panda Express.
2	Been here twice.  First time I sat at a table and service was good. Sushi Rolls were good. It was a Saturday night and it was kinda dead...which is odd for the great location and the great set up of the place. Went for a second time and again it was dead on a Friday night...this should have been a sign. Second time I took a date who is a cook and has written a few books.  Not a time for Jimmy's to drop the ball. We chose the bar seating this time.  Service was god awful slow and the drinks sat dry for quite a while...my date's broccoli and meat was out at least 15 minutes before my rolls. She took one bite and gave it back. It tasted like something out of Panda Express. It was taken off the bill, but we received no apology from management. I give it a star for location and ambiance and a star for good rolls.
3	BLA BLA! So the people that own Stingray own this place and at least one other Sushi pop joint. I actually liked it better than Stingray but its' just another Trendy Sushi spot, however the happy hour special from 4-7 M-F is pretty legit. DAMN IT!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Visiting Scottsdale and happened across this lounge/restaurant. Made it just in time for happy hour and received half off our appetizers and maki rolls. Portion size was way larger than expected and have wonderful leftovers. Delicious sushi and the waitress was super friendly and helpful about info of the local area. Will def go again if ever in town.
5	Happy Hour here is one of the best in all of old town. The food is of such high quality and the service is well above par. Your check will make you feel guilty enough to tip generously. FYI - Jimmy's offers more than just terrific Sushi.
4	Update since my last review. A few changes on their Menu and their recipes. All for the better, though. Example, I like the fact that now you can order either a half or a full portion, soup and egg roll are optional and their Happy Hour menu is now more extensive and decent; including alcohol. My favorite dish is still the Shrimp Jimmy Kung Pao. Still have to try a roll with brown rice, though.
1	They changed the menu and it sucks. My favorites are gone and the portions look smaller. Sorry Jimmy, we won't be back!
4	Jimmy Woo's has some really interesting and delicious takes on Chinese/Pan-Asian standards. I tried the spinach and crab, singapore noodles and a few sushi rolls. Everything was fresh and delicious. The spinach and crab might even be the best I've had. The singapore noodles were perfectly seasoned and plentiful. Seriously, what's the point of ordering noodles if you don't get enough to take home for a midnight snack? The cocktails were pretty great too. I can't remember what my drink was called but it was like a chocolate mint mudslide. Very refreshing way to end a meal. It's a definite step up from most of the Asian places in the area which i'm discovering are pretty lame. I used to live in Chicago and have high standards for anything Asian so trust me when I say this place is worth checking out.
5	All right, the famous Jimmy Woo's. I work right across the street from here, and we and my coworkers frequent this place all the time. The food is very good, and happy hour is even better. You gotta check it out. You will not be dissapointed!
4	This is a casual spot to eat with friends before going out into old town.  Servers are hit or miss but just this last visit our server was very flexible with the menu and willing to change/add things to make us happy.  They recently added sushi to the menu which was odd to my friends since the place is a chinese restaurant.  I really didn't care and just ordered 2 rolls which were pretty good!  The spicy tuna was "meh" and the crouching dragon roll was Deelish!  LOVE edamame and the server suggested some sauce but gave it on the side "in case" I didn't like it- but it was really good, so glad she offered it!  The half portions are very large so no need to order the whole size unless your sharing.  They don't have Sapporo LIGHT which kinda sucks because of the extra calories.  Great open bar and cool happy hour spot.
4	Had their lettuce wraps - only complaint was they only give u 2 leafs of lettuces.  wth?  Had to ask for some more and got 2 more.. which actually was enough for the rest...The sushi was good!  Not all sloppy, not a huge chunky slice, not too much rice - a lot more things can go wrong with sushi than people know.  Calamari was good, nice flavor in the batter, strips not rings.  I think I found my new sushi happy hour place!  Its great when you're between chinese food and sushi - you can get both at a reasonable price here!
3	Great place for good Asian cuisine and people watching!
2	Completely unimpressed. Went here on Friday for my birthday expecting good things. I was pretty disappointed at the end. I was with quite a few people and they all concurred. The sushi was boring and bland, very small rolls especially considering the price. Our server was sweet but not very fast and took forever to come back and take our food orders. Our food came out staggered with huge gaps in between (a big no no at restaurants, timing is everything). One of my friend's beers came out completely warm - WTF? The only good thing was that the drinks were strong and the staff was friendly. This place was a miss for me.
4	This was our second time going for happy hour and I definitely liked it better the second time! The menu seemed to change a bit for happy hour and it was huge! Such great deals and menu options from appetizers to sushi. The food is really good, my boyfriend and his friend had the sushi and both seemed to like it. We sat on the patio right by the side walk and it was a nice day. I would recommend this place and I will definitely be taking my family to try it!
1	If I could give no stars, I would have jumped at the idea. Unfortunately, 1 is the lowest on Yelp. By far...the WORST Chinese/American restaurant one could ever venture to in Scottsdale or maybe even AZ.My friend and I were meeting up for lunch and were going to go to Kyoto on Scottsdale but they were closed...so we had to pick another place close by. We ended up picking Jimmy Woo's. Worst decision EVER!I had a lunch chicken dish there and it was so bad I don't even remember what it was even supposed to be. It was so bad I had to ask for soy sauce and a bunch of other sauces to have an edible lunch.The chicken was overcooked and hard/dry...and there was VERY limited sauce on the plate...which didn't help the situation.My recommendation: Don't go here if you want "Chinese food". Go here if you want bland, gross, Americanized mock Chinese food.
4	Came here for happy hour with my co-workers. The restaurant wasn't very busy and we had large group, but a server was nearby whenever we needed them. I loved all of the sushi that I tried, but I don't know the names of the dishes because they were ordered by other people. I ordered the coconut shrimp and it was really good. I didn't like the calamari, though, because it had a weird fishy taste. I can't wait to come back here for sushi. It was the best I've had in awhile!
3	Really thought I'd like this place, as it's a good location, nice outdoor patio, and looks like it could be a fun place to have dinner/drinks with friends. Unfortunately, the food was disappointing. Lacked authenticity, flavor, and portions were on the smaller side. Yes, prices are good, and they have a really good happy hour- they even have happy hour on weekends! Score! But overall, the service and prices here just don't make up for the bland food. So I suggest coming for happy hour, but not when your craving good Chinese.
1	Got the Woojito at happy hour.  It was terrible.  Tasted like old lemonage.  Shame on me for expecting a good mixed drink at a sushi place but it was like 100 degrees and I just wanted a mojito.The rolls were pretty solid but we ordered salmon roe w/ a quail egg on top and when it came out, the yolks of the quail egg were solid.  It was really gross.  We sent them back and it took about 30 minutes to get a new batch.  The new batch at least had normal yolks but still tasted a bit funky.  The waitress didn't really ever show any concern even when we told her the second batch was bad.  Instead, she just dropped off our check with the full charge on it.  At that point, we told her that the eggs needed to come off.  She took the check to her manager and came back and took one of three salmon roes off and two of six quail eggs off "since we had eaten some".  Are you freaking kidding me?  We had to eat it to know it was bad!  We paid for our meal because we just wanted to get out of there but I couldn't let it go so I asked to see the manager.  When the manager came out, she seemed a bit concerned and offered to refund the rest of the eggs/roe.  That was ok, but all in all, I felt like the staff could have been more sympathetic and accommodating.  (Sorry, have to cut this review short as I have to go to my jousting tournament).
3	I went here first for Happy hour...with my son...yes I am guilty for having ONE after work!  It is right on scottsdale road across from the Sh*t show of yucky loco patron. Bar is set up inside to be half inside and out and I am a big fan of sitting at the bar.  All the the food was good but only if you like fried food. Service was ok and I went back again for Sushi. DO NOT...I repeat...DO NOT eat sushi here. It is unconventional and everything has this strange aioli sauce on everything. Most places in scottsdale let you sit at the bar with your kid but they turned away a dad with two 16 year olds.  Last time I was a bartender it was only restaurant policy, not liquor law, that kids can't sit at the bar.
1	I dated a guy once who told me that Chinese food is like pizza because you can't really mess it up.  Well, the next time I run into him, I am going to send him to Jimmy Woo's.  For the last few weeks, I have had a weird craving for Chinese food, and just in case you are wondering, I'm not pregnant.  I decided to give Jimmy Woo's a try today since I drive by the place every day, and I am not a fan of P.F. Chang's across the street.  Wow. That was a mistake.  I ordered some noodles and pork dumplings, and I was shocked by how BLAND the food was.  If I could chew and swallow air, I think it would taste like the food I got today.  The pork had huge chunks of tendon within it that I couldn't eat half of the meat, and the sauce was so tasteless that I had to put some soy sauce on it which I absolutely hate doing.  Since my craving hasn't been satisfied by this experience, I am going to drive out to Chandler or Phoenix tonight for Chinese food praying for better.
4	happy hour every day 4-7p. 1/2 off apps and all drinks and some select sushi stuff. similar to geisha go go with the deals but the atmosphere is different. a bit larger, brighter and emptier. menu items are similar as well, but not exact. when the shades are down the place looks closed, but i assure you i dont think theyre closed..more saaakeeeeeebommbs.
1	The worse food and service. I have never given a bad review. I ordered a shrimp dish with brown rice. The waiter brought out white rice. The sauce was horrible and bland. The calamari salad was not fresh. The dressing was bland too. The waitress checked on us and we asked for check immediately.  She never asked if anything was wrong or if the food was good. I would never recommend or eat here again. The service and food was horrible. I was visiting from out of town and was hoping to get a new experience.  This was not it...
3	I received an e-mail a breakfast place named Morning Squeeze is replacing Jimmy Woo's in September--no word yet on whether Woo's is relocating. Here's my review of Woo's anyway, just in case:I went to Jimmy Woo's in Old Town Scottsdale with as open a mind as I could, considering Chinese food is probably my least favorite cuisine. I am probably a horrible person to give my opinion on what good Chinese food is, so I'll offer up my take on the service and ambiance of the place without pretending to know what I'm talking about in regards to how the food tasted.The spot is chic and trendy, with a bold black and red theme. There was a giant abacus on the wall near us, which I thought was an interesting decoration that worked.Jimmy Woo's had a patio on Scottsdale Road, making it a good place to go for people-watching, and inside, there were lots of big booths as well as tables. It took awhile for our server to get to us, but once he did, we ordered a variety of cocktails to sample. They had varieties of mai tai's, mojitos and pina coladas, but my favorite was the cucumber-infused Year of the Cock ($9.95, very naughty name, I know.)It was a fresh take on a margarita, with a salt-rimmed glass and tequila, but it had a fruity cucumber taste. It also wasn't as strong as my Woo Tai ($9.95), which you should only drink if you really love the taste of alcohol.For dinner, I had some vegetable lettuce wraps ($6.95), which were made with tofu. These were the first lettuce wraps I've ever had. I loved how much like meat the tofu tasted like, but it wasn't my favorite dish ever because it tasted sort of bland overall.I really liked the entree, which was Kung Pao Vegetables with brown rice ($9.95). There was a great variety of veggies and peanuts, and the sauce reminded me of a curry. I did not like the dried chili peppers because I'm not a fan of super-spicy foods, so unless you can handle heat, leave them off.For dessert, we had Jimmy's Sweet Puffs ($7.95), little chocolate-filled treats that looked like crab puffs. The filling tasted like chocolate mousse, and these were my favorite part of the meal.I think Jimmy Woo's could be successful just based on how many people I know who love Chinese food when they're drunk. Its location smack in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale makes it a great place for partiers to cruise to while they're clubbing it up, since it's open until midnight every day.
1	OK, the reason why I am only giving it one star is because I know they closed and the signs says that Morning Squeeze is coming soon. However, I work VERY close to that place and haven't seen any activity other than the owners going in and out of the place a couple of times since it closed. The tables are still outside on the Patio, but the chairs are gone. I wondered what really happened? One of the guys that seemed to be associated  with JW's opened the Burger joint where the Philadelphia Sandwich Co. used to be. Well, if they are going to do something there, do it soon. Let's see if they can give The Breakfast Club a run for their money.
4	Went to Jimmy Woo's with some friends from out of town and had a great meal.  They have really good egg drop soup and my friends really enjoyed the hot and sour soup.  We also ordered some crab puffs and a couple of egg rolls.  I'm not a fan of egg rolls to begin with so no comment, but our dinner was very good.  The Sesame Beef and Mongollian Chicken was very tasty.  The service was quick and friendly.  We will definitely go back!
