1	We went to this restaurant because they are on restaurants.com and I purchased a $25 of a $35 meal for $5 and they have free kids meals on Tuesdays. When we arrived we waited over 5 minutes before anyone came to the table. When we asked to confirm about the kids meals the waitress said they are usually free on Tuesdays, but she will check. (We had 3 adults and 4 kids) She came back and said the offer just wasn't good tonight. The drink orders were wrong. When the food finally arrived, the waitress dropped one of the kids meals on the floor. Then it took 10minutes for the to re-fire a hot dog. While we were eating and have a conversation, the waitress began voicing her opinion very loudly as if she was the authority and continued to talk for 5 minutes without us provoking her for more information. When we left, two of us were sick in the bathroom for the rest of the night. Never, ever go there....
5	I just love the rooftop bar here!  Great view of the strip!  The bartender who is there Sun-Tues is super friendly and funny and definitely makes you want to return.  Drinks are tasty and reasonably priced and they have different specials depending on the day of the week.  The nachos are killer and the half-order is huge!  Great place to go for a drink after work or with a big group of friends.
4	Great bar, great food, great specials, and a friendly staff.  You really can't ask for more from a bar.... then you realize you get that at Half Shell.  Seafood in Vegas this good is tuff to come by (off the strip) and the upstairs bar has a great view in the heart of Henderson.  Nice local spot.
4	I have visited Half Shell several times and always have had a decent experience, with large groups and just for 2.Last night was a particularly nice experience.  My boyfriend had a restaurant.com certificate so we decided to have a nice date.  We started off with their new chilled seafood platter for an appetizer - king crab legs, shrimp and oysters on ice.  YUM.  I had only had the M's oysters before but these were huge and fresh!!!  I will have to go back and just get oysters next time!For dinner, I had the tuna tartare appetizer (I am a cheap date) but the boy got a 12 oz ribeye and a lobster tail (high roller) - service was very attentive and drinks were refilled regularly.After the meal, we slipped into the bar area to watch the end of the Mavs OT game.  Several bartenders asked if we needed anything, but we just watched the end of the game and left.  I would definitely recommend this for a casual seafood meal or sports-watching at the bar.
2	We have been here several times to eat, the food was disappointing every time Overcooked lobster and terrible service. besides laminated menus give me the creeps I could go to Denny's for that!.  The upstairs bar on the other hand is great for the view and drinks with friends. The bartenders seem to have a grip on service, clearly there is a disconnect between them and the food servers.
4	Didn't eat here, but the atmosphere and views upstairs are amazing, the laker game was on the big screen next to the fire pit, with strip views behind. the crowd was a fun local group, will be back,
4	They have the BEST nachos and the best bloody mary in town topped with a chilled shrimp skewer! Perfect for a Sunday afternoon. Try winning a lobster, $2 to try and catch it and then they'll cook it any way you like. I've won 5 out of 8 times and had them make me a lobster quesadilla! This place is fun and has great food and drinks! Even though I never win gambling here I keep coming back. The patio upstairs is fun at night because it has an awesome view of the strip, hookah, and fire pits.
3	We had crab dip in a bread bowl, a shrimp po-boy sandwich, and seafood alfredo pasta.  Portions were a good size, and the service was friendly.  Being from San Diego, we appreciated their Chargers spirit.  Glad they participate in Restaurant.com.  Would go again.
4	Half Shell is great for a multitude of reasons. However, what sets them apart from the rest is the following:-Kick ass patio/roof top bar area that has great music and another bar. (granted this is only awesome when the weather is perfect outside)-They have an arcade.... seriously though, you can get hammered at the bar and act like an 8 year old pumping tokens feverishly into the skee-ball or basketball machine. -Their staff are very laid back and chill. -They have a claw game where you can fish for real lobsters! I mean yes, at $2 a turn, it can get expensive but they prepared for that. (the machine accepts your credit card!) Yes, I know it is cheaper to buy a lobster dinner, but where is the fun in that?
5	Great atmosphere at the upstairs patio bar on the weekends. Always a good crowd, friendly people at the bar, staff is great and since I've become a regular, the bartenders go out of their way to say hello when I come in. Very "local" feel, which is a nice change from most of the bars in Henderson. Great place to watch a game. Awesome nachos, well priced food and drinks, great views from upstairs, comfortabel lounge seating, fire pits, laid back attitutude, no complaints here.
3	Later at night the food service at this place sucks.With that said, if you're there for the typical reasons, it is good. There is that bar on the roof that is usually packed beyond belief, sometimes it seems like the quickest way off is jumping. The bar inside is great, though. Just do not sit at the booths behind the bar to order food.
2	I went here for a Birthday party and I was not really impressed. They have an arcade for the kids in the main entrance.  That can be good and bad. I went up to the bar and I started to gamble and I literally had to wait 10 minutes to get offered a drink. Bartenders were too busy talking to other employees or using their phones. The party was upstairs in the balcony area. In my opinion, drunk people and steep ass stairs do not mix well together. The idea is nice but I am not sure about trekking down those stairs after a couple of beers. As for service; I was not really satisfied. Maybe it was because the waitress never came back to take our food order. Maybe it was for the best because when I looked at the menu it was waaay overpriced for what seems to be your typical bar food flair. Two and a half stars - rounded down to two.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this place, I went here today for lunch, sat at a machine, played a few bucks and had food and a drink. The staff was super super nice she introduced herself and remembered my name the entire time i was there and used it whenever asking me a question. I ordered the ahi tuna salad... it was sooooooooooooo yummy and it came back quick. Two thumbs up!
4	Very good food, blackened scallops are amazing. Mahi mahi tacos are good the chip are great.  Italian marinara could use some spice.Service was very attentive.Roof top tiki bar deck with a great view of the city.Give this place a try
4	My wife and I stop in every once in a while for the crab nachos. Can't get enough of them. Their mix of food items is great, and their balcony bar is fun for groups and clubs.At first I was unsure about the new arcade, but after a few drinks it is impossible to not play the games.
4	Love the bar on the roof.  Nice and relaxing for summer nights,  The food is good every time i've went.  Love the chicken nachos. I also like the claw game where you can catch a lobster.  If you do, then they cook it for you. Its also a Chargers bar.  Go San Diego!!!!!!!!
2	I ordered a to go order.I placed the order over the phone.When I got there they never put my order in.The hostess just said,"Oh sorry!".Then I get the book the check comes in,and there is nothing in it.So,I ask if it was free.She says "No,oh I must have dropped it".There was no discount and no manager around to apoligise for there mistake.She asks me if I wanted bleu cheese for my fries.Which sounded great.I get home and they forget that too.Not sure if I would go back.
2	My first visit to the half shell. I ordered the crab and shrimp nachos, a half order must of weighed two pounds. I couldn't finish it, bigger is not always better, but I should have known better. By the time I found any crab or shrimp it was cold. I would give another item of the menu a try another day though.
2	Food is so-so.  Watch out they'll over charge you if you are drunk. Good view of the LV Strip.
4	We were here for the UFC fight and were on the patio upstairs.  I really liked the big screen and the two big monitor next to the big screen.  Right underneath the big screen is this big pit with charcoals that kept me warm.  Prosappetizer sampler-chicken wings, chicken fingers, spinach artichoke dip, chips, celery carrots, ranch, salsa...yum, I was all over that chips and dips, but ran out of chips way before the dip.  They could give more chips, that's for surebeer, beer, and more beer (not for me, but the 2 guys had many)-something tells me that the price is not bad...Ambiance-perfect for a night to watch the UFC.Server-very responsive and attentive.ConsThere were whitepaper with people's name taped to the table and seating area.  With this busy night, there were people standing while there are empty tables with those taped names...Overall, less than $50 was spend for beer and food for 3...pretty good for a Saturday night yeah?!Also, we won a pair of Phantom of the Opera tickets and a day at LA Boxing Gym (when you buy your first beer, you get a raffle ticket...this was exclusive for this UFC viewing event).Yay for Half Shell!!!
1	This place is just not very good, there a many places in Henderson that offer better service and food.
2	disappointment. went in with a group of 8 people, 3 of which were children, and the waiter took full advantage of that for tip purposes. (not in the good way.) forgot to put in half of our food orders and got some of the orders he did decide to put in wrong. he hardly checked on us even to refill water. charged us wrong and we still had to tip. the food, i have had better although i wasn't expecting a lot from a bar/pub sort of place. they did have an arcade though with a skeeball machine and basketball hoop. that is the only reason i am giving it two stars. it lacked everything else. pull your act together half shell.
4	I'm actually a bigger fan of the location out on Horizon Ridge...but wow that's a hike.You don't go to Half Shell for the food.  It's OK, but there's better seafood in Vegas.What you go to Half Shell for is the killer patios which overlook Las Vegas.  These views were soooo awesome before they put the patio covers up last year, but even still, it's still great.  The patio features a bar, plenty of seating, a huge firepit and a big projection screen...not that you'll be watching it.  The view of the city is magnetic.Staff tend to be very nice and prompt.  Overall, Half Shell always manages to feel very low-key and local, although the odd group of office birthday celebrateurs or conventioneers occasionally infiltrate.  Oh well, nothings perfect.
3	The bartender recommended a Caesar Salad with Ahi Tuna - it was excellent - plus a great portion and very reasonable price.There was no non-smoking section, just so you know.We may be able to upgrade them to 4 stars, but we will need another visit to make sure.
4	Went here for a birthday celebration, and I have to say I was impressed! The party was on the patio upstairs, and while the weather was unusually chilly and windy for a spring evening, the heat lamps and the rocking fireplace kept me warm. We started off the evening right with an array of appetizers, including shrimp ceviche, chicken fingers w/ a side of fries, calamari, pizza and chicken & steak nachos. Shrimp Ceviche- Large pieces of shrimp tossed with fresh jalapenos, cilantro, tomatoes and red onions marinated in fresh squeezed lime juice. Served with homemade salsa, cocktail sauce and warm tortilla chips. A little difficult to eat, but refreshing & light nonetheless. Chicken fingers- Large pieces of juicy white chicken meat breaded & fried to ultra crispy perfection. The fries were awesome as well, crunchy on the outside & fluffy in the inside...so bad for you, but so yummy.Calamari- Freshly breaded calamari served with house Cajun remoulade and cocktail sauce. My least favorite appetizer of the night. I wish the calamari was more crunchy & less oily. Nachos- Homemade tortilla chips topped with steak & chicken, Jack and Cheddar cheese, fresh pico de gallo, jalapenos, guacamole and sour cream. Served with freshly made salsa. The portion size is ginormous, enough to feed a whole family and then some (I kid you not!).  To wash all this food down, I drank an AMF (Adios...), which was strong and sweet. By this point, I was stuffed beyond belief & ready to pass out, but the DJ started playing music to which I had to get up & dance to to burn some of the millions of calories I had just consumed. Some of the songs were good, while the other songs made me wonder, but in the end, my friends & I had a fantastic night. The food and drinks were good, the servers were awesome and on point, and the DJ that came later on in the night played some cool dance jams. Needless to say, I had a great time here and can't wait to come back to play a couple rounds of skee ball at the arcade!
4	My family and I first decided to try this place and were surprised with the really cool happy hour deals from 3-6 daily ($5.95 for very large dishes normally $10).  The service is pretty laid-back.  A hostess is usually not present during the day and you can sit wherever you want.  Or when it's busy, the staff is so busy, it's hard for them to get to you in a timely manner.  Either way, the environment of the place and the food is worth it, in my opinion.  There's an arcade on the first floor for the young and the young-at-heart.  Tickets that are won can be exchanged for prizes at the prize booth, which I've noticed contained small things such as candy to very large things such as a Wii.  The arcade area is probably where a lot of families prefer to sit because there is a huge wall and windows separating the arcade area from the bar.  There are booths in the bar section too, but I hardly sit there.  TVs span the upper walls showing various sports programs.  The bar is also filled with video poker for people who would like to play.  A claw game can be played with lobster: "you catch it, we cook it," is the slogan.  Upstairs is the best part.  There's a patio/balcony that can overlook the Strip and at night, it is the best place to be at.  There is a bar upstairs that is manned during opening hours (which is 24/7, by the way).  A large projection screen for tv programming is centered by 2 other flat-screens and all of this stands above a beautiful and large fireplace.  Throughout the patio are fire heaters that can be turned on as well as shades that can be brought down to hide the wind or the sun.  The furniture upstairs is exactly patio-style: wooden tables and chairs or lounge sofas are spread across the place.  Or, you can simply take any of the smaller stools next to the fireplace if you wish.  Everything is pretty relaxed at the restaurant if you want that experience.The restaurant, being that it is named HalfShell, should be known for its seafood, but don't let that deter you from the many other non-seafood choices that are equally good.  Favorites of my family's includes the Nachos, the Chicken fingers, and the Lettuce Wraps.  The Nachos are enormous and can be ordered regular with meat and/or with seafood, which is also a good choice.  Some dishes are salty and oily, but nonetheless are good enough.  The drinks are very varied and the drink specials are really cool.  The Toasted Almond drink I tried is a frozen drink and it was tasty and not too strong.  Very light for those who want a drink without getting tipsy.  Other drinks I tried aren't too strong either, which I prefer.  In general, the prices are a little on the steep end (about $8-10/dish) but considering the portion size and the quality, I say it's reasonable.  If you want to try this place for a smaller price, there is the Happy Hour specials I noted earlier.  Check the menu on their website for exact days, as I have forgotten at this time.
4	Gym? I think so... I came here for a friend's birthday celebration and ate so much yummy food I may have gained a whole other person in weight. The chicken strips are amazing and come with the most delicious fries and the nachos are not only gigantic (I wouldn't order it for just one person...) but crazy good. (I tried the pizza too - choose the nachos. The pizza is just eh.) The food is not the best part about coming here though. The view is great and the service is phenomenal. They were so accomidating and friendly, I may have come back even if the food wasn't up to par. Good thing that's not a problem ;)
4	While I have been here quite a few times, I must say, it's the decor, semi-intimate setting and the balcony is what stands out more than anything. Since I'm a charger's fan, I was quite pleased to see that they placed some charger decor around their restaurant/bar. The people that work here are easy going and attentive. Can't remember what food items I purchased/had a chance to try, but all I can remember is that it's somewhat expensive, portions are ok and quality/taste wasn't anything worth etching into my memory (obviously since I can't even remember what I purchased!). Anyway, I just like the fact that I can come here and chill the night away looking far out toward the Las Vegas strip. Definitely a great place to chill out and surround yourself with pretty decent folks, chow down on some food, listen to whatever is available on the juke or whoever is spinnin on the 1's and 2's while enjoying all this at a location away from the strip.
3	While I haven't ventured into the food here, there are several events that are thrown here from the university. The structure is absolutely amazing for large groups looking to throw a get-together for drinks, dancing, and DJing. The Half Shell is two stories; the first floor with the bar and large "dance floor" at the entrance around the back, and there is a separate room where there are tables, pool tables, and video games for recreation. The second floor is mainly a balcony with tables, a bar, TVs, and a nice fire pit where you can keep cozy and share conversations. For the three times I've been here, I've always had a great time and the venue seems to cater to us perfectly. There are also some killer specials on mixed drinks in the downstairs bar.
5	Excellent seafood and great bartenders and drinks. Music is great and so is the gaming. Very clean and great selection on the menu. Upstairs outside area is very cool and dj is great.
2	Visit1 heaters on patio don't workVisit 2 they are out of most beersVisit 3 they can't lower the sunshadesSeriously? I'm sorry I kept giving them a chance. Never had a waiter or waitress that had a clue.PT's around the corner has half price booze from 4-7 and midnight to 4. Go there and save the aggravation
2	Not impressed.  I had the nachos, calimari and fish and chips with my brother and nothing really stood out about them.  It was food...but not really anything to write home about.
1	This place is bad.  Went for the first time last night after a few friends told us how great it was.  Not so.  Ordered milk for my kids which tasted weird.  Almost watered down.  My husband ordered a beer when we got there.  They were out, ordered another and took them a while to find it.  The server told us they had to go into the stock room and search for it.  Finally found it.  Appreciated the server's diligence, but really.  If it is on the menu shouldn't it be available at the bar?  My husband is a lover of oysters.  Since the place is called Half Shell he expected they would have pretty good oysters.  He asked the server what kind of oysters they had.  The server steered him away from them.  Saying they were frozen and from Korea.  Really?  Half Shell...no good oysters.  Come on!  Didn't order apps because kids were hungry and wanted to get straight to dinner.  Ordered a NY steak split for the kids, I had the Half Shell Surf & Turf, and my husband order a Filet Mignon, but also got a Surf & Turf.  Of course they still charged him for the Surf & Turf.  The food was terrible. We thought since we order the most expensive thing on the menu that it would be great.  For $39.95 each we expected it to be a fabulous steak and lobster tail.  The lobster tasted of freezer burn and was super dry.  The filet was chewy and grainy (not even a choice cut).  The kids NY was thin and also chewy.  The veggies that came with is was clearly prepackaged, frozen, and heated.  Only upside was the server was good.  Courteous and memorized our whole order.  Got it almost all right besides my husbands meal.  Definitely never going to return.
1	Yuck!!! The worst seafood I have ever eaten.....hope i don't get sick.  Even the salad was disgusting.  I will never eat here again.  I have had drinks here before and it was fun but the food is not.
4	I've been here alot, and all I ever get is the Lava flow drink and the crab nachos!  I crave these nachos...I never would have thought this would have been a good combination, but it's awsome.  So I don't know about anything else on the menu. The Lava flow is ok, just something different besides my other drinks at other places.
3	Oh Half Shell...I want to love you. I want us to have a meaningful and rewarding relationship. After many visits at all times of day, I'm still on the fence about certain aspects of Half Shell. But I gave it a 3 because some parts of the Half Shell experience are worth mentioning.The outdoor seating is where Half Shell really stands out. A great view and when the temperature is right it really sets the mood for a nice night out. A big screen outside adds to the atmosphere. There are tables, bar seating and couches for your gluteus maximus' enjoyment. Keep in mind when drinking you'll have to truck it down 2 flights of stairs for the bathroom...must make for some epic falls. The food is excellent, very approachable seafood dishes as well as classic bar food. They usually have pretty tasting sounding specials too, one of which was tilapia on a night I was there...SO good. The prices are a bit higher than say a PT's but then again the food is higher quality so I can live with that. The part of Half Shell I take issue with are the drink prices. Here is an area where I don't think the owners have taken into account they are surrounded by establishments with happy hours, pitcher specials, and just overall cheaper beer. Sure they have speciality cocktails, most of which they didn't have the ingredients for on one of our visits, so careful what you get your hopes set on. I guess we could just come for happy hour to land the deals but it's not cool to rip off customers all other hours of the day. The drink prices drive the bill up so much it's definitely a deterrent. Forget sitting there and drinking all night...made that mistake once and paid for it, literally not figuratively. Overall, great food, great atmosphere but not a spot for cheap beers late into the night. I'm sure we'll be back...but will probably switch establishments after we eat.
4	My first visit to the Half Shell came during a gas outage that left them unable to cook anything. The bartender's recommendation of the Ahi Tuna Caesar was excellent and uncooked of course.My second visit (with Mom) was to satisfy a need for a quick meal and at a near-by location. While these are not always the best circumstances to visit any establishment, I am always psyched when it turns out to be a good experience.We ordered the happy hour seafood nachos. Not only was the price perfectly appropriate, but the nachos were exceptionally tasty and in a portion that proved to be too much for the two of us to finish. To be fair, I could not remember the server at all, which is not itself a bad thing. Sometimes the food needs to be raised up on a pedestal so it can be fairly evaluated without the distraction of bad (or good) service. I have no doubt that my two visits here would have inspired a 5 star rating had the service been great each time (because the food has been), but as-it-stands, the service was just okay, thus the four stars.
2	The food is good enough for bar food, happy hour specials are good and the rooftop deck is always nice to enjoy.HOWEVER...  there have been two occassions that I have called to make a reservation and when I show up they don't have my name on the list.  I know that situations like this happen sometimes but both times on the phone, the woman seemed completely pre-occupied.  The first time she was ready to hang up with me before even getting my name.  They were not able to accomedate me either time, and seemed less then interested to try and figure out a solution.The food and drink specials are not worth dealing with such poor customer service.
3	I've been going to half shell for a few years now. The food has always been great and I would have rated it 5 stars for the past few years. It used to be really great all around........ but the last 4 times we have gone the service has just been terrible. We keep getting the same brunette server upstairs. She has comped us drinks every time because we've had to repeatedly remind her for our drink order. The blonde server upstairs saved us from walking out last time...... she came over to check on us after seeing us with empty hands and probably a frustrated look on our faces. I wish they would either train the brunette or get some real help. I suppose I'll give it another try in a month or so, but if the service is that bad again, I don't think we'll ever go back.
1	well after my boyfriend JUST waited 45 minutes for a to go order, i think it safe to say we won't be trying this place again.  both of us work in restaurants and he's a manager at a bar right down the street from Half Shell, so he know's what a bartender looks like when she's forgotten to put in an order. and not only did she forget to put the order in but she forgot his meal all together. WONDERFUL. She did offer to have it made but he already sat there for 45 mins, what makes her think he's gonna sit there and wait again due to HER error. Thanks but No thanks. P.S their ceviche is HORRIBLE, no flavor and NO juice. If i had wanted chopped up shrimp,onions, jalapeno and tomatoes i would have just made it at home. very disappointed in this place.
4	I had a Living Social deal that was close to expiring and we decided to use it. We drove all the way to Anthem and were a little confused as to the location of this place. I have seen it while in the are on several occasions, but when we approached I noticed a sign indicating that it was the Beach House Grill & Bar, not Halfshell. I drove past, thinking I was mistaken, but finally parked and walked inside once I realize it was the same address on the Living Social deal. Once inside, we asked the hostess if this was indeed the same place and if my deal would still be valid. She assured me it would and proceeded to seat us. My mom and fella ordered burgers and I ordered some nachos with shrimp. The portions were absolutely enormous. I'll definitely know to share the next time I'm here. I enjoyed everything I tried here and there service was really friendly and efficient. The food was typical bar food but the presentation was really nice and the food had good flavor. It made me curious to try more. I'd definitely like to come back and try the outdoor area upstairs or come watch a game in the bar area. My mom and fella enjoyed their experience too. We would definitely be back soon if it wasn't pretty far from where I live. Definitely a good experience, that has me curious for more.
3	The nachos are amazing! After Nacho Daddy I thought it was impossible to blend chips and cheese into one dish. We like sitting in the sports bar so we can watch a game and have a few drinks. The service is better in here then in the arcade... And there are no kids running around. We have had a good time every time we have come here.
1	This location is NOT closed. Just new owners so new name, Beach House.I have to comment on a few things. I have been going to Halfshell for years and my most recent experience left me questioning if it would be my last. My best friend scheduled their engagement party there weeks before the event night.  She confirmed the details with a manager several times. She showed up, no tables were ready or blocked off, people were sitting in the section that She had paid money to reserve and our friends had to ask them to move! Our friends felt guilty so they sent the people a bucket of beers. That is the job of Halfshell/Beachhouse dont you think? Strike 1. We move on to order drinks. It says fully stocked bar. Ya right. Only if you bring your own! This place was out of everything we tried to order, then the bartender, Jared, informed us he could make the shots we wanted because his friend brought a bottle of Jagger because thats what he drinks. Strange?  Definitely.  Strike 2. The service for the party was awful. We had one waitress for a party of 30 (again this party was booked for weeks) and kept being told they were under staffed.. Ummmmm Shouldnt they have prepared well in advance for it? Strike 3. And my last and final straw was with them over charging my credit card by $13! Our total for the night was $21. We left a $6 tip bringing the amount I signed on my credit card tab $27. I usually check credit cards within a couple days after going to a restaurant for this reason but it was a busy week. I checked yesterday. The card was ran for $40! When I very politely called and spoke to the manager, Erin, she was very apologetic and nice and assured me they would make it right. Offered a gift card. I politely declined (knowing it will be a very long time before I go back here again) and asked to come pick up my cash instead. Her excuse is what bothered me most... sometimes wrong numbers get pressed. 4 and 0 are nowhere near 2 and 7 on the screen! My opinion is that this happens often and they hope people don't notice or call to correct it. If the service hadn't been so crappy and the bar HAD been fully stocked like it should be on a friday night when they know a large party is scheduled, I probably wouldn't have called either. Pay with cash if you go!
5	They have done a spectacular job with the deck at the eastern location.  - The atmosphere rocks, food was great and the service - gorgous and friendly.  We ate the lamb chop appetizer - highly recommend. Seafood and steaks - oustanding.    Kids were downstairs in the arcade while we enjoyed the nite under the stars  The view of the city was worth every moment.
