5	The measure of a Mexican restaurant can be made by the quality of its beans. Salazar Bros is the closest you'll get to a home made Mexican meal. The beans are delicious, the carne asada perfectly cooked. Beware, you'll never be satisfied anywhere else.
4	Not bad. I had the Carne asada taco combo. For a fast food Mexican place I was impressed. The Carne asada was tender and had good flavor. A lot better than filabertos. I will defiantly come back to try the breakfast burritos next time.
4	I used to work near there other location and when it closed and said they were moving I hoped to be able to find. Then while driving home one day from work I saw the new location, and boy was I happy, its within my work commute and close enough to make a regular lunch time stop. I stopped one morning on the way to work and was happy to see they have a drive thru, I ordered a egg, potato and cheese burrito and had pico de gallo added to it. I have to say it was a great tasting breakfast burrito.A few days later I met up with my friend for lunch and I ordered the #20, it's a carne asada burrito with beans and rice, this did not disappoint! So good!  I'm pleased to see Salazar Bros back, its great seeing everyone, and loving the new spot!
5	The carne asada is so tender, my wife loves their super asada fries. I usually get their shrimp burrito. I was saddened when I visited them on the last day at their previous location, I am very happy to see them back in business again.Their food is excellent, the restaurant is clean, they are very friendly.  What more could you ask for. :)
4	We love the tacos and the green chili burros are outstanding . The service is great and fast.  The new location is much larger and even has a drive thru.
3	First, the food is very good and I would give the place 4 stars simply based on the quality of the food.  The refried beans are very flavorful and the rice was light and tasty.  I subtracted a star because I am comparing this location to its fast food neighbor about a mile East on Guadalupe called Filiberto's.  Filiberto's food is good, but they have the chips, salsa and pickled veggies bar that I love.  That's all Salazar needs to do; just add a chips and salsa bar and I'll stop going to Fili's all together.  Not to mention that Salazar Bros. green salsa is hot and extremely tasty.  Very few restaurants make a hot and tasty green salsa and they do theirs better than any in the Valley.  I will certainly be back to try their carne asada and fries and to get more of that green salsa!*Tip*So you need to go to urgent care and the location on Guadalupe and Rural is on your plan?  Give your spirits a little lift and walk around the corner to get a little Salazar Bros.
5	I used to eat at Salazar Bros over 10 years ago and just recently rediscovered it.  They are just as awesome now as they were then!  Great food, big portions at a very reasonable price.  The restaurant is very clean and the service is fast and friendly.  I'll definitely be going back...a lot!
5	My go to super fast Mexican food place!I am kinda of addicted to their food. Drive thru is super fast and everything seems to be pretty fresh. I might have to go tomorrow ! It's new so I haven't had to deal with a long line - hopefully they keep up with their great customer service!
5	Best burrito spot in the area, much better than amados or filibertos. Everything is really fresh. Green salsa is off the hook.
4	I am falling more in love with this place each and every day. Super clean eating area and the back area looks spanking clean too. Friendly service, great burritos, and the tamales are soo soo good. Smells like Mexican Food Heaven in here my friends - good for a quick breakfast/lunch bite or late night grub after a night on the town.
5	This place is the best ever! Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The new location they have a drive thru. Its a great option to have. This is not a chain restaurant, family owned and operated.
4	Salazar Bros food comes faster and fresher than the competition up the street. They are also more friendly. I have only had carne asada burritos,  quesadillas, and enchiladas so far and all were delicious. The meat was tender.. and the beans were magical ;) oh ya and the sauce is titties. Get drunk and try this shit out b
4	This place opened up a few months ago so I finally went in to give it a try. Walking in I notice its very nice and clean. The food was better than I expected. I had the 2 Carne Asada taco plate with beans and rice included. The tacos had pico de gallo and guacamole on them included. Everything was delicious. My boyfriend had the Shrimp Burrito which we asked if they would make it a Chimichanga and they did even though it wasn't on the menu. The Shrimp Chimichanga came with shrimp, rice, tartar sauce, pico de gallo, sour cream, guacamole and cheese. He said it was amazingly good. We are definitely going back plus very close by to us.
