5	First place in Arizona I've found that has a decent Engineered Garments collection!Sister company of "American Rag CIE" in LA and Orange County (if you know what that is then go here. Seriously)Friendly staff, great selection of really good clothing at market prices.NOTE: If you're wearing jeans with words on the butt or have any t-shirts with cartoon characters on them, this may not be the store for you. Keep shopping at Kirklands.Otherwise, make the drive (free garaged parking), and Jen will help you find what you need.
4	I just purchased my 2nd pair of jeans from this great denim store, Naked and Famous slim Dirty Selvedge.  The selection is not what it used be though.  On prior visits, they used to carry A.P.C., and other denim brands direct from Japan  I've never heard of.  Hands down, they have the best selection of Naked and Famous but I would like to see other hard to find denim brands like Raleigh, Simon Miller.  I also want to walk in and discover a new denim brand, a brand that is not carried at other stores in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  If you're looking for RRL, they have a small selection, but still well edited.  In short, Industrie is still a good spot to buy denim because the staff is very knowledgeable and actual denim heads; they will not steer you wrong.
5	this place puts lawless denim in phoenix to shame. screw that place I'm going here.
4	Expensive but quality costs money here. My husband loves this place. He doesn't ALWAYS need jeans anymore because these are made to last. Be prepared to drop some cash even when you buy on clearance. So far I haven't found anything for myself. The sizes aren't for me. Still a good place to shop for men or tiny women :)
2	the place is fine but i had a very unpleasant shopping experience when i visited the store on 08/05 around 6pm. There was one girl, brunette and with glasses.. she didn't say hello, bye ...not a word.. she saw me carrying staff to trying on and instead  of offering a fitting room she disappeared and i had to look for her to get the room opened... obviously did not buy anything and run out.. . To the owners of the store: with employees like this you will go out of business
