5	La Playita is fantastic!  The food and service can't be beat.  If you like Mexican seafood dishes, this is the place to be in Vegas!
5	This is one of the best authentic Mexican restaurants that I have found in Las Vegas. Very fresh seafood and all the other food on the menu is amazing. It's a small restaurant and doesn't look like much but the food is absolutely perfect. The staff is friendly and the prices are great. I would recommend this restaurant to anybody. Me and my family go there all the time.
5	THE PLACE FOR SOME GOOD MARISCOS!!  Great and friendly service.  Pretty good quality seafood for the amount you're paying.  Started with some chips and salsa--and I must say that's some good homemade salsa and chips.  I had the vuelva a la vida (shrimp, octopus, oyster seafood cocktail).  I love to throw some Chalula and squeeze two lemons in it. So damn good, cold and refreshing in the summer time.  Also had their michelada (bloody beer)--a definite must!  They have the bottles sugarcane Coca Colas.  Also tried their butterfly fried fish--which tasted amazing.  Tasted like pancakes with grilled onions and side of salad, rice, and tortillas. Such a far drive from where I live, but I will definitely go back.
5	Yum yum! This place looks like a hole in the wall, has barred windows and Spanish speaking only staff and also has excelente food! I got a small mixed ceviche - fish, shrimp and octopus and it was delectable. Two $3 cervezas later I had a beef taco (tiny but good) and a pork tamale (decent, yes!). This place gets a thumbs up from me. So many yummy Mexican seafood options. :p
4	I personally loved the food here. I had a carne asada burrito and it was seasoned perfectly. The flavors with all the ingredients it came with was very good. I think the rice was also seasoned well and the beans were nice. I'd say that the food gets a perfect 5 stars. However I am rating this 4 stars due to the small size of the restaurant. It was incredibly hard to get around in that place, especially when its busy. The location seems a bit dumpy as well. I remember passing by it all the time thinking eww, but after reading reviews and seeing this restaurant on Best Of Las Vegas's website, I had to give it a chance. The other factor that brings this down to 4 stars is the fact that they don't serve fountain drinks. They only serve bottle/can beverages, so don't expect free refills. Overall, a solid 4 out of 5 and worth the price as well.
4	This place is great, a little hole in the wall just before Carey on Pecos Rd. It's $$ in cost, but worth going to! Staff is great and friendly. I had the shrimps wrapped in bacon stuffed with cheese, costa azul and it was delish!
5	This places serves one of the best Mexican sea food dishes I've ever had! Great service!
5	The reviews were right! Place looks like a hole in the wall but the food and service is great :) .. I came with my family we got 1)enchiladas de mole 2) camarones a la diabla 3) shrimp cocktail ... Everyone loved their food.. The shrimp cocktail was perfect and the restaurant wasn't stingy with the shrimp, the mole was sweet, and they gave us homemade tortillas .. Give the place a try ,you will be glad you came!
5	Outside is not great looking but don't let it deceive you! This place has great service and the great Mexican seafood.  We got michiladas,shrimp cocktails and mole enchiladas. Tons of shrimp in the cocktail. And perfect flavor.... The mole enchiladas were sweet and spicy delicious!
5	Stopped here on our way to Salt Lake City, Utah. Was looking for a good seafood restaurant, and La Playita popped up on line. Gave it a try and never regretted it. My wife commented that she was the only white person in the restaurant, but she loves Mexican food. The food was fantastic. We asked for Salsa to go as it was delicioso and had it in Salt Lake City with chips. Don't blink or you'll missed this place, I almost did.
4	This little neighborhood restaurant has been around for years.  Driving down the street you may just pass it by, but don't!  They have everything on the menu from enchiladas, carne Asada to seafood. My absolute favorite is the fried whole fish and grilled shrimp. Yummmm.
5	We went looking for the great dives in VEGAS. Although this is not a dive, its in a divie  neighborhood and we took a cab from the strip it was 60 dollars both ways, but what the heck the baggage guy at Flamingo sent us here.  Dishes around 11 to 14 dollars that were the same size as the meals we had last night at Ruth Chris for about 1/3 of the price.  The waitress did not speak much english but the menu is in english so we pointed.  What I really want to tell is the FRIED ICE CREAM DESERT IS supper delicio  delicous special  amazing  incredible...great night and the place is super packed and has a juke box to play a bunch of music we could not understand, but still fun.
5	I went to eat here today sat...place is small but the food is really good....im  very picky when it comes to food....I got a shrimp cocktail...and a fried mojarra they were both tasty....I got a modelo preparada...that on the other hand I will rate a 5 from a scale of 1-10
