4	Most Wanted is one of the galleries over in the Penn Ave arts corridor in Garfield, situated right about in the middle of the stretch.  They regularly participate in the Unblurred First Friday gallery crawls that happen on the first Friday of each month, but are also able to be rented out for private events.The gallery itself is quite a nice space: shiny hardwood floors, the ability to open up the front in nice weather, and an exposed brick wall.  They also have a little stage area for live music.  The quality of the art they bring in is consistenly quite good as well, and especially on First Friday, you have a good chance of meeting and getting to chat with the artist(s).On First Fridays, they sometimes offer wine tasting from Wilhelm Winery (or have other free booze) and usually have a good sampling of snack-upons.
3	If you believe that Art isn't Art unless it shows some tit, then this is the place for you. It's one of those places where the space holding the art, and the people who run it, are much more interesting to me than the art itself. I love the space -- the wide-plank wood floor, the exposed brick, the street wall that's actually a door which can open in good weather. And the owners are super-nice people. It's just not very common for me to find a piece of art there that wows me. (Unless, of course, I'm thinking, "Wow! The tits in that painting are HUGE!")
4	Not sure if Jason Sauer, the owner of this gallery, is a bolt or a wrench but he's definitely at the heart of the alternative culture machine in Pittsburgh. His art involves creating demo derby cars, dragging them all over the country, gathering others into his adventure, driving the cars, documenting it and then deconstructing the cars. Mentioning John Chamberlain made his eyes light up.We met him at a first Friday PennAve gallery crawl. He had his baby on his left hip while he chatted about rehabbing old Pittsburgh houses with us. Wood was the primary topic. His wife (forgive me for not knowing her name) was tending her own recycled toy boutique in the basement.  This joint will be "five stars" soon, I am sure. Wish there were the option of a 4.5 rating because it's almost perfection.  Looking forward to a return visit for art or music or any other reason.
5	These guys are wonderful! I had heard of them before, but not until my brother got involved with them did I actually go there. I attended the May Unblurred First Friday for my brother's exhibition. I didn't know what to expect, but the space is very airy and open and not cluttered whatsoever. There is a basement that has more art. There is a small stage for readings, live music, or whatever. What is more amazing is that they have another location in the Waterfront in Homestead, PA. The Sauers want to expose the populous of Pittsburgh to as much culture and art as possible. They have been closely associated with the Atrocity Exhibition and other artistic endeavors. They also have an Open Call for artists if you check out their Facebook page. I have purchased art from two artists through their exhibits so far. You need to stop by during First Friday or at the Waterfront location during regular Waterfront store hours. They are amazing.
4	Always good to see an independent. The owners here are gracious and non-pretentious.  An unassuming but interesting gallery.
