4	I visited Culinary Dropout for the first time last night for their soft-opening. They are definitely moving forward in the right direction for creating an entirely different concept in a restaurant. Atmosphere:While it still has the memory of Pink Taco lingering in the rafters, the atmosphere is a great mix of trendy sophisticated meets rocker. With the family style table set-ups, it's great for a group dinner, but if you're going there on a date and want some privacy, you may want to ask for a private table before you arrive. They had a great live band playing some classic hits, but it almost felt like you were at a concert instead of a restaurant, making it pretty hard to keep a conversation going without asking "WHAT!!?" every 5 seconds. But, if they turn the music down just a notch, it'd be perfect. If they transform the restaurant into a music venue later in the night, it'll be a great Old Town bar spot in addition to a tasty restaurant! Food Excellent. It's home-cookin' at its finest. The smoked salmon appetizer left you wanting more. The ribs won the popularity contest by a long shot, but surprisingly, the turkey pastrami sandwich was tasty as well! Don't let the dull name fool you. With it's pretzel bun and homemade coleslaw, it did a great job of disguising itself from its deli sandwich brothers. To top off the night, check out their apple dessert. The name has left me, but there are only three desserts, so you won't miss it. Looking for some cocktails? Mojito all the way. Or the punch. In all honesty, every one of their cocktails looked good and I heard they are each a specialty drink. In summary, I think Fox has a great start to a new "concept" and I'm excited to see where it goes from here!
4	What a great improvement to this space! The Waterfront area is really adding to the number of unique dining choices with the addition of Culinary Dropout. Given that it was opening night, I was still expecting the experience to be rough around the edges. However, you would have thought the restaurant had been open for months. The decor is pure Sam Fox. Large chairs, interesting textures and some great chandeliers.  They have successfully shaken the gaudy ghosts of Pink Taco. Happily, they have done so with the menu, as well. We were promptly seated and met by Michelle, our server. She was very well versed in all aspects of the menu, including the drinks. I tried the Home-Ec Martini, which I found to be tasty and not too sweet. While others at our table went with more traditional wine and cocktail choices, they were all wowed as I passed my drink around and had them sample. For starters, the Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue jumped off the page at us. Yes, it was as good as it sounds. We also had some Prosciutto and Gorgonzola antipasti, which was a surprisingly large serving for the price. A great start to the meal! Unlike my boring dining companions (who ordered salads....boo!), I wanted to try an entree. I peppered Michelle with questions. Her overwhelming choice was the Kurobuta Pork Ribs, which she said were marinated overnight and just "fell off the bone". Let me digress for a moment. I generally don't like ribs of any type; the main reason being that they are messy and hard to deal with. Sure, they're tasty...but the effort-to-reward ratio is just to high. Still, Michelle made an impressive sales pitch, so I relented. Let me just say that my fingers didn't touch one drop of sauce. I was able to easily fork the meat off the bone......incredibly tender and tasty. If you just give a sideways glance to these ribs, the meat falls off the bone. Hands down the best rib eating experience I have ever had. Michelle, you were right....I was wrong. It's worth noting that for my second drink of the evening, I couldn't resist the "Paper Bag Special" for $1.95. While Culinary Dropout has a great beer selection, I just had to give this a try. In this case, it ended up being a can of PBR, delivered in a small brown paper bag. Several servers stopped by to marvel at my fine tastes....apparently, I was one of the first to go with this option. Michelle informed us that the actual beer offered as the "Paper Bag Special" will vary over time. So, you never know what you may get. I've never felt quite so classy. Lastly, I insisted we try the desert; specifically the Apple Monkey Bread, which Michelle described to us as "cinnamon roll meets apple pie, served with a side of vanilla ice cream". It is baked to order, so we had to wait for 15 minutes for it to arrive. When it did, it was hot and fresh.....my dining companions, who had eschewed desert, suddenly found room.....and it was devoured. All in all, a great dining experience. I am a fan of Sam Fox restaurants. Some I like better than others, but they all offer a unique and fun experience. Still, my expectations were exceeded by Culinary Dropout. This ones a real winner and I can't wait to go back.
4	After reading about this place online and seeing the menu I had to give this place a try. Perfect for the after work spot since it is walking distance.The decor is nice and the leather seating in the booths are comforting and the fresh smell of leather is inviting to relax and enjoy the experience. The staff is nice and attentive. I ordered the Turkey pastrami sandwich which delivered a great mix of savory flavors that welcomed me with each bite. The fresh cut fries were crispy and soft which complimented the sandwich as if they were married in heaven. Everyone else at my table seemed to enjoy their food as much as I did. Some of the menu Items are priced reasonably but there are some that tip the charts. All in all the experience and food was very good and this is a place that I might frequent after work.
4	For months, I've heard of the opening of Culinary dropout. A few nights ago, my friend and I tried it for the first time. Although the restaurant had just opened, there was a long wait. It took us an hour to be seated. When we were finally sat, the server immediately came and greeted us. I also  noticed that the servers were dressed like the guests at the restaurant so it was kind of hard to distinguish between the server and a customer. I almost tried to flag down a lady wearing a similar outfit to our server.For appetizers, we ordered the Pretzel fondue and the Chips. They were both very good, but it seemed like there was more sauce than pretzels and chips to dip in it. For entrees I had ordered the Fried Chicken and my boyfriend ordered the Pub Burger. The Chicken was so moist and very flavorful, it was served on a small amount of mashed potatoes and cornbread. I was happy with this dish, I just wish it came with more mashed potatoes. The Pub burger was huge! It was very well cooked and juicy. It came with a good portion of crispy fries.Overall, i thought that it had a very nice atmosphere. The place was very nicely decorated. It's more for hanging out with friends than a place to take a date unless you sit outside on the patio. It was hard to hear over the live band.
4	First time impressions are the most important and Culinary Dropout made an ever lasting one. Everything from the service to the food was spot on perfect. The whole experience was so good that it's hard to believe it will be the same when I go back. I hope it is............
4	First, I never drink whiskey unless it's St. Patrick's Day. I had a painful end to a long week and decided to switch to something other than my usual vodka. The Smashed Irishman lives up to it's name. The honey makes it smooth and sweet, but I could feel it workin' it's magic on me. I got it on the recommendation of our sever. He was wonderful, although I got a little jealous when two girls sat down at our communal table and he gave them the same flirty treatment. You know flattery gets you everywhere, don't deny it.  I decided to give the gnocchi a try since it is my absolute favorite thing in the world. Well, Avanti's gnocchi is my absolute favorite and I wanted to do a little comparison. Culinary does it with sausage and mushrooms. It is delicious, although heavy. The sausage made it salty, but in a good way. I still must say that I love Avanti's version more and probably always will. Nothing beats them, NOTHING. Why am I so obsessed with their gnocchi? I think they put some sort of drug in it. Those two flirty girls next to me started with the grilled cheese sliders and again, my side of the table was jealous. Actually, they ate a surprising amount of food so I got to see a lot of what Culinary Dropout had to offer. Back to my side of the table, the butternut squash cannelloni was to die for (according to my friend, I did not taste it) and the fried chicken was better than KFC...  so, I guess everyone was at least satisfied.
4	Culinary Dropout just opened last week and was already written up in the Arizona Republic so we decided to try it with another couple.  After reading the reviews, I had a Brazilianaire which was really nice and light, not too sweet (so I had a 2nd one!).  Very big selection of beers.  We had three appetizers:  chips and dip (homemade chips - delicious), mussels, and the soft pretzel fondue.  We had to order more pretzels for the fondue as we still had lots of cheese left over.   For dinner, we had turkey pastrami sandwich, Cuban sandwich, fried chicken, and seared tuna salad.  Everything was delicious!  The seared tuna salad was a chopped salad with the tuna slices in it.  The portions aren't huge, but certainly enough to feed each of us.  Definitely will go back!
5	I tried 3 drinks here.  Their Mojito was good, but not outstanding.  It had blueberries in it.  The Smashed Irishman was fantastic - frothy, lemony, well-balanced and smooth.  According to the bartender, it's their most popular so far.  I also had the Bacon-Infused Bloody Mary.  This is a bloody mary mixed with bacon-infused Absolut with a sliced of cooked bacon used as a garnish.  While it was intriguing, I'm glad I had it last because it was overloaded with flavor (spicy, smoky, salty, tomatoy) and quite filling.For food, I ordered the crusty bread with olive oil and 12-hour roasted tomatoes, which I combined to make open-faced sandwiches.  So that's about $5 for the food and about $30 for the drinks.The cocktails are expensive, but you get what you pay for.  I'd try just about any of the ones I saw on the list.
3	My best friend Mandy and I decided to give Culinary Dropout a whirl before heading home to work on an exam. It was thursday last week, so my review is a little late. The place has a cool, unique decor. Kind of punk-like with a smattering of glam. Anyhow, the waitress came over and we had a bit of a problem ordering drinks. Well i didnt, but Mandy did since they were out of/did not carry a few of the options Mandy was looking into. The waitress went as far as to say "I feel like I am dissapointing you over and over." Yikes. I ordered the Gnocci, and Mandy got the French Dip. My Gnocci was just okay, nothing spectacular. Mandy said her French Dip was to die for. Next time I go in I fully intend on trying their meat/cheese menu, it looks like they have quite a selection. That being said, our first visit was kind of hit or miss, but I do want to go back and try it again!
3	3.5 stars Those of you from the Silicon Valley.. this place is like downtown Campbell on a Saturday night mixed in with some Los Gatos-esquenessthrown in with some 90s jams (think Oasis, Beck) as ambiance music1. when I think gastropub I think tavern...what I got was something out of Santana Row in San Jose, CA. 2. Service was average 3. Seating was fun (cushy chairs and sofas) 4. The guy in the Ed Hardy shirt playing covers was really good 5. The food: I got the onion soup which was super light...the onions were caramelized well and their natural sweetness came through (I usually like a more beer stout onion soup dealio but after a day's worth of flying this was perfect. I also got the artichoke salad which has more endive and asparagus than artichoke. It is a light salad.. the Parmesan cheese does not over power and the salad is properly seasoned. The BF got the butternut squash pasta which he thoroughly enjoyed. Other members got the fried chicken which looked yummy and the ribs which also looked good. Overall: Not a bad experience.... there are tons of heat lamps on the patio, lots of flat screens to watch games etc (in our case the opening ceremony of the Olympics). Their drink menu has some interesting items like bacon bloody marys and infused fru fru like drinks. Decent way to start off our first night in Az.
3	I came here with some fellow out-of-towner Yelpers after reading the buzz here on Yelp and the restaurant's website. Let's just say that it wasn't at all what I expected.The website proclaims: "... Culinary Dropout is going to be a really fun, cool and casual chef-driven gastropub."Gastropub? I think not. Try gastroclub (TM).Instead of a casual, low-key bar that also serves great food, CD is more like a club where the music is more important than the food. Certainly the blaring music dampened any culinary excitement I had when we walked in the door. We could barely hear the hostess as she told us it would be an hour wait. We put our names down anyway, saw that the bar was packed, and then escaped outside to wait.Eventually we grabbed seats at the outside bar, where two other patrons had just polished off two platters of oysters. No fewer than three servers came to ring up bills and chat while we sat right there in front of them with the platters and dirty silverware piled up, but nobody bothered to greet us or clear the plates until about 10 minutes later. By the time the bartender was ready to take our order, we got called for our table and re-entered the restaurant.We were seated at a four-top just in front of the stage, where a musician started playing a short time later. Not surprisingly, we had a hard time carrying on our conversations. Instead we buried our heads in the menu, which offered a promising variety of eclectic dishes. Our table went with the onion soup, artichoke salad, fried chicken, butternut squash cannelloni, and kurobuta pork ribs. I'll admit the food was good. The artichoke salad was refreshing: crisp shavings of artichoke hearts, asparagus, and endive mixed with some frisee and a slightly sweet vinaigrette. My fried chicken was excellent. Although I initially thought it looked burnt, due to its mahogany color, the meat was succulent. The coating was just a touch spicy with a hint of cayenne, nicely crisp, and also drizzled with some honey. Everybody else enjoyed their food as well. It was the service that continued to be a problem. Our waitress, although attentive at first, disappeared after she took our orders. Other servers brought our food to us, which was probably the reason that we received only one order of salad, split. We'd wanted one order to be split between two of us, and another order for the person who was only having soup and salad. When only two bowls of salad were delivered, two of us shared one of them. Later, while we were eating our entrees, yet another server tried to drop off another bowl of salad, but we waved it off thinking it wasn't ours. Suspiciously, however, this bowl was twice as big as the others we'd received. We flagged our waitress over to ask for water and silverware and explained what happened. She promised we'd only be charged for one salad. Yet, when the bill came, we were charged for two. Again, we had to explain that we'd only received the split order--and finally the lightbulb went on, or flickered. After consulting the kitchen to confirm what happened, she redid our bill and apologized.Would I eat here again? No, not unless it was for lunch because I can't imagine it would be as painfully loud then. The food was good and the service issues can be worked out, but the concept seems confused. Even though the dimly-lit decor featured chairs you might find in a pub and leather banquettes, the overall vibe was far from pub-like. If you're okay with a noisy gastroclub instead of an intimate gastropub, go ahead and come here because the food seems worth it.
3	So, I was really excited to try this new Pink Taco replacement (thank god). I went with some girlfriends on the 8th day it was open. We sat outside in a super cute corner couch/table area. The food was good and the service was good but it was not exceptional. We got the chicken (yum) and the grilled cheese was fabulous too. Excellent string fries! We liked the comfort food aspect to the menu. We ended with the Monkey bread. The server told us it would be 15 minutes but somehow it was cooked double time because it came out less than ten minutes later. The Monkey Bread came with a scoop of ice cream and it was shear heaven. I would come back here to skip dinner and go strait for the Monkey Bread!
2	I decided to check out Culinary Dropout pretty soon after it opened.  I was a little reluctant since I went to Modern Steak during its first week, and it was a disaster.  When I entered the restaurant, I liked what I saw.  Good ambiance.  I put in my name and waited at the bar for my table to be ready.  The beer selection was good, we settled on the Chimay.  After 30 minutes went by, I went back to the hostess to see why we hadn't been seated.  For some reason they had crossed off my name without seating us.  Not the best start.  We got to the table and ordered the pretzel fondue appetizer.  The cheese was a little bland, but it was ok.  For a meal we split the chicken salad and pork ribs.  The chicken salad was great.  Definitely the highlight of the meal.  The pork ribs were way too sweet, had almost no meat on the bones, and the cole slaw was bland.  I would not order this again.  Overall, I would return to the restaurant for a happy hour or for drinks and a cheese plate, but probably won't be returning for dinner.
5	I went yesterday and was very impressed.  We had an array meets, cheese, bread, oysters and of course really good wine.  Great atmosphere!  My new favorite hang out!
3	A few folks fromwork had gone to cul.d.o. and raved about how fab it was ....so I went for lunch today i sat at the bar which is my m.o. I was greeted by a very lovely young lady bartender I ordered the fish and chips which i heard were great and the bar tender confirmed that . i will say the fish was decent  but  the chips(fries) were soggy and greesy and not that warm. I will probley go back for a 2nd try update to follow
3	Visited on a Tuesday, sat at the bar, and had a great margarita.  The water  tasted like it came from the canal, and apparently a new water filter is on it's way...better hurry.  I had the fried chicken, and it was lightly drizzled with honey, and quite delicious.   I also had the pretzel fondue and that was quite tasty too!  The decor is quite hip, the bar area would have been nice to have high top tables for the times you want to have a cocktail and mingle standing, and that is not an option.  Sit at a table or the bar...those are your options!
4	The Culinary Dropout has been open 3 weeks now. I give it a 4.5.  Not 5... read to the end to find out why.   I went for lunch yesterday with a friend to check it out.  I LOVED it!  First, I must admit that because it was a beautiful day in Scottsdale my mood was happy to start with.  As we stood outside the front door admiring the patio and deciding if we wanted to go in or not, a very sweet young lady left her hostess stand inside to come out and greet us.  I like this.  She could have waited for us to come to her.  This tells me the restaurant wants business and has trained their employees well!Right away you notice the atmosphere.  Hip and elegant with a touch of years past... hence the magnificent chandeliers that draw your eye up.  The seating has a look of baroque meets modern.  Well designed, plenty of space... you don't feel crammed into the other people around you.We of course chose to sit outside because of the beauty of the day.It took no time at all for a very sweet and adorable waitress to greet us, get our drink orders and give us a few explanations of the house specialty, the Anti-pasta bar.  Before I get into that though... I must recommend a Pisco Sour.  Not many restaurants offer them or even know what they are...definably one of my fav's and believe me... I make them well.The Anti-pasta bar is designed to let you pick and choose for either an  entree or an app from a wonderful choice of excellent cheeses, salumi's ( that's right... NOT salami... true lovers know the difference.)olives, marconi almonds and so much more.  Your choices are then beautifully laid out on a  plate after being hand sliced at the bar where you are encouraged to watch the artistry.On to lunch... I chose a wonderful Smoked Chicken Salad.  They smoke their chicken right there on the sight and I have to say... it was fantastic!!  The pears that had been sweetened, the endive and the pistachios that accompanied the salad to be tossed in a fantastic vinaigrette. It was sublime!  Our meal was finished off with their famous monkey bread that came with a beautiful scoop of ice-cream.Yes, all the way around I loved this place.  The only reason I haven't given 5 stars is because I will go back and rate the bar.  This is typically the heart of an establishment and will have a lot to do to determine return customers.  Look for my review on this.Happy eating everyone!!
4	My family and I decided to try CD last Saturday night and it was great!  We started with the homemade potato chips and Smoked Salmon which were both EXCELLENT and moved on to the pork ribs, salmon, gnocchi and a burger.  My family and I have a tradition to share the first bite with each other and wow... they have a winner here.  I am not a huge fan of some of the other Fox restaurants, but this is a winning combo.  Great price/value and the service was spot on.   Can't wait to go back this weekend!
3	I would like to give this place 2.5 stars, but that is not an option. Let me start by saying that this place is new, so there is room / a grace period for improvement.With that said, I just wasn't that impressed.  This is not to say the food wasn't good or the service was bad, it just didn't stand out to me.  On a very positive note, it is beautifully decorated and the patio rocks.I will start with the food.  My friend and I met here for "happy hour"; we didn't learn until after we sat down and got comfy, they don't have one.  Even Morton's has happy hour, why don't you???  That kind of irked me since I'm always on a budget seeing as how I go out every night.  Anyways, we each got a glass of wine, easy peasy and we started to peruse the menu.  Let me tell you, this is not a vegetarian friendly place.  I am not a vegetarian, but I am VERY picky about my meats.  We ordered a cheese plate with olives to start, good, but kind of pricey for what you get.  And, I wish the waitress would have told us that the two we picked out were very similar.  She was very informative and helpful when we asked her questions, but I guess she didn't feel like offering up this tidbit.  After the appetizer, we both ordered salads as our entrees.  I had the smoked chicken salad and my dining companion had the chopped salad.  Both were very good and decent sized for entrees.  The only complaint I had was there was a little too much dressing, but that can be easily fixed.  I would say, all in all, the food was good, but not great.  I guess I was just expecting something more.  For three women to spend $80 on dinner, it probably should have been a little more impressive.I am a big fan of Sam Fox and I think this place has potential, I think they just need a little bit of time.  I don't know if I will be going back any time soon.  I know I won't suggest it (maybe if someone else does).  Or, maybe I will give it a month or two and try it again after they work out the kinks.
3	This is a 3+++ rating, almost a 4. LOVED the artichoke salad, add chicken and it's the best salad I've had in a long time. Also, the patio is a great place to hang out and the decor inside is creative and fun. Unfortunately, the lack of happy hour is a big minus. There are a lot of great places nearby that you can sit outside early and enjoy a drink special. Hope CD reconsiders this...
4	I actually have returned to Culinary Drop out and their food has improved a bit. They gave more Pretzel nuggets for their Pretzel Fondue. I talked to one of the managers, and she said that they're still trying to improve on some things. During our second visit my friends and I tried the Black Mussels, the ribs, the MAC burger, the gnocchi, and the the Salted Caramel Pots De Creme. They were all so tasty. My only complaint was that the gnocchi was not that filling.
4	Having been satisfied by other Fox restaurants I was excited to hear about the opening of Culinary Dropout. So this Saturday the boyfriend and I were in Old Town and decided to check it out for dinner.Upon walking in we were greeting promptly and sat right away (it was early). But then we sat for quite a while before anyone came over to our table. I was starting to get nervous. But our waiter finally came by and was more than attentive from that point forward.We skipped any appetizers, but did stare longingly at the pretzel bites the table next to us ordered. Maybe next time. I ordered the Pub burger and the boyfriend ordered the gnocchi. I was glad that my burger came with fries. This was not stated on the menu anywhere which I thought was kinda weird. But whatever, yay fries!Our food came out really fast considering they were starting to get pretty busy. My burger was cooked just right and had a nice flavor. The bacon was nice and thick, not that cheapo paper-thin bacon you get at some places. I was kinda hoping it was going to be as good as the burgers at Zinburger in Tucson (another Fox place) but it wasn't quite as tasty. Close though. The portion of fries was large. They were thin cut and were nice and crispy.The boyfriend enjoyed his gnocchi. It came with sausage and was served in a cream sauce. I had a bite and thought it was quite flavorful. Not a huge portion but gnocchi can be pretty filling so it wasn't bad.Even though we were pretty full the waiter talked us into ordering the monkey bread for dessert. It's served in a small cast iron dish and is sort of like a cut-up cinnamon roll with apples. It came to our table bubbling hot and served with a dish of vanilla ice cream on the side. It was very rich but the apples were a nice consistency and overall the sweetness wasn't overpowering. The ice cream helped cool it down and complimented the flavors well.I can kinda see the bar filling up with some Scottsdale douche-bags at night but at least the staff wasn't pretentious. By the time we left the lobby area was getting pretty full so I imagine if you go after 7:00pm you'll have to wait for a table. It's worth checking out though so if you're not starving, wait.
4	I think I would have a given Culinary Dropout 5 stars had I reviewed it after my first visit - during which I had the delectable patrale (sp??) sole roasted tomatoes and asparagus and the  HEAVENLY monkey bread for dessert... I was also tipsy on maybe 3 vodka sodas so the 1 hour wait didn't bother me either...but after I came back to the second time I was like eh... the food was less than what I remembered - this time I had the french onion soup and a salad and the cougar-ish ambiance was beginning to annoy me...I must admit  though that the waitresses are AMAZING! during both visits - they were VERY accommodating, first to my dairy-challenged husband and second time to my vegan friend where they modified the chicken salad by adding more veggies and taking the chicken out so she can eat it.Plus its priced moderately... money tawks!!!
3	Drumroll. . .welcome Yelpers to my inaugural review. Let's do this!Overall, Culinary Dropout was satisfactory. I like the concept of glorified pub food and antipasti platters, although it might be better to just stick to one or the other and make it awesome. But I digress. The two of us split a shrimp po-boy (huge and full of popcorn shrimp and coleslaw), which was decent and the fries were addicting. We also ordered antipasti (a separate menu resembling those you find in sushi joints where you check how many you want of each item). Of course, our waiter totally disregarded this and we had to remind him we ordered something other than half a sandwich each. He was nice enough though to give us a free wedge of cheese, paired with our prosciutto, goats cheese, asparagus and bread. All this was yummy and could probably be a meal of its own.As for the ambiance-- rather strange. It was a mixture of typical Scottsdalians ready to hit up Old Town, some cougars on the prowl and regular joe-shmos. Our waiter was cool, even if he did use a bit too much hair gel, and made some good recommendations for drinks to be paired with the food. There was also a guy singing and playing acoustic guitar on the mini-stage inside. I was excited when I heard him start in on "Maggie May." However, soon after he began crooning an acoustic version of Lady Gaga's "Pokerface." Need I say more?Probably not my first choice if I'm in the area but good enough if you want some wine and appetizers. I'd recommend.
3	stopped in on a friday night and the place was packed. (and loud as hell - who woulda thought acoustic could rock so loud?)we asked the girl how long the wait was and she said 10-15 minutes. i have now discerned that a hostess saying "10-15 minutes" is like a drunk person telling the cop he only had "a couple beers." the wait took over a half hour, i think, though i am not faulting them for that. it was cool that they took my cell number and called me when the table was ready . . . gave us some time to wander along the canal, i mean waterfront.the waiter was really helpful about the different cheeses and what would be too strong or soft or whatever you like/ dont like.we split an entree and it arrived in like 3 minutes. super quick. the antipasta stuff took a bit longer. makes sense, this is the perfect place to go and have some drinks and just snack on the antipasta . . . not many people ordering a meal at this time. i mean, if youre a $30k millionaire, you dont want some prowling cougar to see you stuffing your face. they dont like that. you want to be aloof and swarmy. i mean smooth. plus, you can always impress the cougar at the next table with your pronunciation of certain fancy cheeses. they do like that.great seating outside, comfy couch-like seats and space heaters. the food was eh, though the fries were awesome. i would probably go back if i was in the area and wanted something light to go with some drinks and just kick back. not sure i would go to scottsdale just for this place though.
4	Wow. My new favorite spot. The Fried Chicken is fab!! (Our server called it comfort food, hahaha!!) So is the canolli. Just make sure you tell them to ditch the mushrooms if that's not your thing. They don't tell you that on the menu!!Great drink names, too, although I don't think some are up to my "taste" standards!! I didn't end up drinking it but hey, they have Malibu Rum so I am okay with it. A live band plays a few days a week so tune in for that. And plan for a late night :)I think since it just opened in January, they are working kinks out so bear with some of the service "issues." The company I've been with, the several times I've already dined there, have kept me completely engaged so I don't think I've had to wait long. If I have, oh well. Just gave me more time to enjoy the conversation and views :)
5	I ate at the culinary dropout last night and I will totally come back! The restaurant has a great modern atmosphere and live music 3 times a week. I ordered the butternut squash cannelloni and I was very happy with my decision. It was filling but not too heavy and the butternut squash was a sweet alternative to traditional cheese. The staff was very helpful and polite. Overall, 5 stars!
3	Culinary Dropout is perfect for people watching and trying new drinks. This review is based off two visits. My first experience at C.D. was just to meet a girlfriend for drinks the opening weekend. The place was packed with the typical 'Dale crowd - I was prepared for this. It was very hard to get a bartender's attention. It was almost that they didn't see beyond those seated in a bar stool. My girlfriend and I had to go to the service well to get noticed and although the servers were probably annoyed, that's the only way we could get served. The drinks were good, pours were a bit on the weak side, but the atmosphere was great. Live music starts at 9pm or so. My second experience at C.D.: A few girlfriends and I decided to give it a try about three weeks after it opened on a rainy Saturday evening. Of course we knew to get there early so we wouldn't be waiting too long for a table. We arrived at 6pm and were quoted 30 minutes for a table. An hour later, I stopped the manager and asked him if he knew how much longer it would be until we got sat and he came back with menus in hand. We were sat at a round table with great big, comfortable chairs right in the middle of the dining room. We were quite comfortable and understanding of the long wait - especially because no one was opting to sit on their heated, yet damp patio. For an appetizer, we started with the delicious pretzels with cheese fondue. Deli-sh! I prefer mustard, but tasted the cheese and it was great. There was enough cheese for dipping the french fries that came with the meal. The entree menu is full of food that I would consider to be comfort food - choices that you know you may regret eating after you inhale the delectable food. I opted for the Turkey Pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun as suggested by the helpful manager that took us to our table. I, by far, had the best meal of my girlfriends. Two girls split a burger and salad (the burger meat tasted very fattening and "meaty" to me) and our other girlfriend tried the Prime Rib sandwich, which was tasty and a huge sized portion. Overall, the food was good - but nothing too great. Our service was fantastic, once we got sat. The bussers were definitely cute as well. I would suggest Culinary Dropout as a place to see and be seen and for drinks. You can skip the food unless you really want to sit. The bar stools are hard to come by.
4	I finally followed my beloved baseball Giants of San Francisco to their spring training home, and after consulting Scottsdale yelpers, Culinary Dropout seemed like a good place to eat a late dinner on the first night.Living in the South Bay Area, I generally assumed that relatively low population density equates to nothing but stripmalls and chain restaurants. Going to Scottsdale has shown me that this doesn't have to be the case. I do realize that the Fox group is a major presence in the food and nightlife scene in Scottsdale. This preeminence clearly isn't gained by aggressive annoying ad campaigns and stupid slogans...or by offering horrendously large portions to lure in lazy, poor, obese people.They are successful, I imagine, because they take a good concept and consistently deliver it to locals and tourists alike at a reasonable price.I likes me some swanky San Francisco restaurants, where you feel like you have to prove your worthiness to the server. And then you fork out $180 bucks and step over homeless people to get to your cab.Culinary Dropout satisfies the swanky without the price or the pretentious service (not to mention the lack of homeless drug addicts passed-out in a puddle of their own excrement). Thank you Scottsdale PD police state!I started with the 'nutty Irishman' cocktail, if I remember correctly. Jamison with Guiness reduction and some other stuff. Never heard of adding a Guiness reduction to a cocktail...or reducing Guiness at all, but I am a fan. My special lady had the cocktail with the pomegranate foam on top...step aside Ferran Adria, this is the best use of foam i can think of.The Cuban pork belly sandwich appealed to me...you had me at pork belly. My dainty little girlfriend had the chopped Italian salad. My sandwich was bomb-diggidy, although I was less-than-impressed with the chopped salad with Kraft-tasting Italian dressing on it...but I would never order that, so I'm not hating.While I'm on it, WTF is with every single Scottsdale restaurant putting some kind of 'chopped' salad on their menu? Just sayin'. That seems like some iceberg, cucumber, and carrot thing you put ranch on in the Midwest somewhere. I digress.I was too full to try the monkey bread...my mom makes that, and I love it. We had to come back another night to try it, and it did not disappoint. And neither did the people-watching on a Friday night. They must have a 23yr old blond girl generator somewhere in this town.The title tells it all: Culinary Dropout. Not that they can't cook here, it's that they don't feel the need to put on their tall hat and adhere to some antiquated notion of cuisine. They make good food that people like in a festive and swanky atmosphere. Just because they have an amazing space and a well-thought-out and well-invested aesthetic concept, that doesn't mean they have to try and make inaccessible food that you need to download the Oxford Food-Lovers app on your iPhone to translate the menu. And every employee I interacted with was oozing with genuine hospitality.Next year when I come back, and I WILL come back, I will definitely stop by again.
3	i came here a few times on a little jaunt to scottsdale last week. the first time the wait was an hour and a half so my friend and i headed to the bar for a drink an then somewhere else for dinner. the second time was for an early dinner we were able to be seated right away and started out with a few of the appetizers and drinks. i decided to be a bit adventurous and try the sauerkraut  a gin martini with a combination of orange marmalade and grain mustard it was actually quite delicious and complex. The anti pasti was nothing to write home about but if you are going to order something from that menu get the 12 hour roasted tomatoes they are really delicious. however you must order the pretzel bites and fontina fondue that was a really yummy starter and seems to be a favorite in the restaurant. for an entre my gf and i split the grilled cheese sliders and the seared tuna salad. the sliders come with bacon and tomatoe on them and im not sure of the type of cheese. they were a little bit of a let down they needed to be seasoned with something. the salad had a nice vinaigrette on it HOWEVER!!! the salad has cashews in it, the menu description makes no mention of cashews at all. i always assume that its common restaurant courtesy to mention if a dish has nuts in it because so many people have nut allergies or sensitivities.( I am one of those crazy nut people, cashews make me violently ill and i was really worried i'd be spending my saturday curled up on the bathroom floor)  so maybe in the future they could update the menu so there wont be any unpleasant surprises in my salad. my third visit was for a late lunch after a friend had finished his game. once again we were seated right away this time my gf ordered the mac burger it looked like big mac but better, our friend ordered the shrimp po boy which looked delicious as well and i ordered the coq au vin which comes with lardons and is served on a generous bed of swiss chard. it was so delicious and i am determined to replicate the dish at home. all in all a great time was had by all at culinary dropout i really wish i could give this place 3 and a half stars but i will definitely be back next time i'm in scottsdale
4	Sam Fox has done it again, but in a hip grungy kind of way! But then again anything is better then the douche Nic Richie's Pink Taco that occupied the space in the past.  I had a idea of what I was in store before walking in and was surprised upon arriving. The first thing I noticed was the crowd. Not your typical Scottsdale fucks. Kind of a CenPho meets tempe and have kids type of people. I didnt see a single guy wearing a bedazzled foil shirt. The second thing I noticed was the music. Band Of Horses, Queen, Nirvana, and other great bands hitting my ears at the perfect volume. Am I dead, cause this is heaven. Oh wait...I'm going to hell. Better company down there. Since they don't take reservations, which I think is a Fox Concept Restaurants thing, they gave me a buzzer. It was a bit applebees'ish. While waiting, I read off some trivia questions to my friends. After a 10 min wait we were seated. We instantly turned to the booze menu and ordered quickly. I was thirsty.  The second I saw the Smashed Irishman cocktail, I knew I had to have it. This was the best beverage that has ever touched these beautiful lips. I wanted to put my dick in it; I wanted it's dick in me. We decided to opt for dessert instead of a app and it was a wise decision. I ordered the Pub Burger. It was damn good but not the best I've had. Now back to the dessert. We got the Monkey Bread and holy shit...foodgasm! I'm not a huge sweets guy but I'd bathe in this shit! It was warm gooie goodness with its bestfriend of ice cream keeping it company. After all this you would think I'd be 'unbutton your pants' full, but not the case. I felt perfect. Then the bill came and I felt even better. Great food for a stupid low price. I cannot praise Sam Fox enough and Culinary Dropout jumps to my favorite in his line of restaurants
5	We are here on vacation and found about this place on yelp...checked it out and loved it...Vanessa was an amazing server...will definitely go back next time we are in town.
4	Stopped by for a beer and a snack.  Temp was around 70 so we sat outside.My amber ale from Breckenridge was good, and my wife ordered the cheaper of their Pinot Noir's and it was also good.  Waiter was friendly and genuine.I like their anti pasti menu.  You can pick and choose what you want.  We tried the 12-hour roasted tomatoes, olives, some almonds, manchego cheese, and sopresseta.  It was all good.We are eager to go back and eat dinner - the menu looked appetizing.
4	We went here on a Friday night and waited about 40 minutes, which I didn't think was bad at all.  On the other hand, once we got our table we waited at least another 20 minutes before we were greeted by our server.  I had to finally call out to someone and ask them if we had a server.  Turns out they had a mix-up with the tables since they had a big party.  The manager immediately apologized and offered a round of drinks.  Once a server was assigned the service was good and the food was delicious.  At the end of the night the manager comped our entire meal... a big indicator to me that he didn't want a bad Yelp review :-)  Overall, I would recommend Culinary Dropout to a friend.
4	Checked out Culinary Droput while visiting family in Scottsdale and really enjoyed it!  It was a Sunday and there was no wait.  I thought the decor was very nice and would typically expect higher prices on the menu...both pluses in my book!  Service was wonderful with great reccomendations.  The table started with the pretzel fondu, which was yummy!  Our dinners arrived before we finished the fondu, which would normally bug me, but it saved me from getting full from the appetizer.  I had the turkey pastrami sandwich and thought it was delicious.  Liked it enough that I would definitely order again next time I visit!  Please tell Mr. Sam Fox to opena a culinary dropout in Denver!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE This place!  Scottsdale places are pretty hit or miss, in my opinion, but most of the things that come out of FRC is excellent.  This one is no exception.  Besides the $3.75 blueberry beer (which is cheaper than it is in Whole Foods, the food is wicked good.  There are so many things on the menu I cannot wait to try but the pork belly cubano was a must.  It was the best one I've had since I left New York and I've even visited Miami since then.  Great food, good prices, awesome wait staff.  There are a bunch of great reviews on here that go into more detail than mine...but all you need to know is that this place is great.
5	Went here for lunch on a work day so had to skip out on the amazing cocktail list. sigh. Was able to get right in and sat at a lovely table on the patio. The Turkey Pastrami sandwich is SOOO GOOD and it came with a heaping pile of thin crispy fries and a crisp dill pickle, which was a surprise because it doesn't mention on the menu that the sandwich came with any sides. Bonus! The only downfall is that I loved the sandwich so much that I'll probably never get to try anything else on the menu.
2	I went with a group of 5 for dinner on a Friday night.  The wait wasn't too bad and we were seated at a nice, round table.  We ordered drinks, an appetizer, and dinner.  Our drinks finally came out and were disappointingly low on taste and alcohol.  10 min. after ordering, our entrees came out.  The waitress told us that our appetizer wasn't ready so she brought out our meal.  The entire meal felt very rushed.  Finally, our appetizer came out, midway through our meal.  Overall, the food was mediocre and the service was barely satisfactory. There are many restaurants in town with more creative menus and better service.
3	WIsh I could give the place 3.5 stars. Does not deserve 3 stars, but cannot go to 4 stars.Good foodService was good, friendly, informative. It is not that I did not like the decor, just thought they did not do enough with it. The Purple textured wall and the kitchen window needs to be lit much better, either from top or bottom. to show the detail of the panels.The rock photos are the typical black and whites that I have seen at any of a dozen places in LA over the past 15 years. Mick Jagger, Janis, Keith RIchards, yawn. If your going to use those photos on that big of a wall, at least make a bigger impact and blow them up much larger. Fox has an army of designers and management, to me they got a bit lazy with the decor. The menu design and fonts, I have seen in quite a few places. It works very well, but come up with something original guys, Check out Red Devil Pizza on Hollywood Blvd to see what I mean. I think thats the name of the place. Anyway, I can tell you that most likely the Fox Group has been to the place. Very similar. I would go back, but I would not run back, or go out of my way. I would say that the place will be successful because it has enough to offer, and it is a killer location. Of course that Scottsdale crowd can be very fickle.
4	I've been here twice now, once for dinners with some friends and once for lunch with a friend. I'd have to give it a third try for dinner but I definitely like the decor and found the food to be good. At dinner it was packed and we had to wait but not more than 15-20 minutes and had some drinks at the bar. I had the ricotta gnocchi which was delicious. The beer selection was great as well with beers I usually don't find elsewhere.Lunch was great too. Decided to go a little lighter and had the smoked chicken salad. The waiter was kind enough to tell me there was mustard in the sauce, something I usually dislike, but decided to not change or ask for anything specific. Very good with pears,chicken, pistachios and gorgonzola cheese.Only negative so far is the awkward seats inside. They seemed a little low and bulky for the tables, that's just me being nit picky though.
4	I tried Culinary Dropout today with a friend for lunch and really enjoyed the experience. I liked how they brightened and opened up the space since it was Pink Taco. Our server (didn't catch her name) was extremely helpful in offering some great suggestions of what to try. I went with the turkey sandwich with coleslaw on pretzel bread (but I got the mustard on the side). I love pretzel bread! It was a great choice and delicious. Fries were good too, although nothing special. And, the price was just right. My friend liked her dish as well - the chicken salad with pears and Gorgonzola. I'd definitely go back to try more of the menu.
4	The inside of this restaurant (while loud) is super fun and wonderfully decorated. We were seated quickly inside (would have been a much longer wait for outside).Our waiter (who looked like all the other waiters!) was fun and did a nice job. I had the ricotta gnocchi (over the prime rib pasta at the waiter's suggestion) and it was great. My parents split the steak and the pommes frites were delicious.The anti pasti menu seemed fun and we would have indulged on other nights. I liked that while the meals were rich, none were too large.
5	Excellent food we had the pretzel fondue appetizer, main dishes gnocchi, the pasta dish with rib meat and tomato sauce, and the burger. Yes there were three of us and we did not leave hungry. We ate almost every bite. The service was very friendly and attentive (not overly attentive). We sat on the patio in the last week of March and enjoyed our dining experience (not loud at all).  My husband is a private chef and dined along with another great friend of mine who is the General Manager at 5th and Wine a few blocks away. My friend has dined here several times and we are all foodies who did not leave disappointed.
3	I'm a little torn on this place. The food was good but a tad overpriced although it is in an upscale area, so you are paying up for the area it is in.  We had a couple of kids with our group and no kids menu.  The beer and food list was good and prices were reasonable. I wouldn't come just for the beer or wine though.  We also had to ask a couple of times for little things, like sugar for the iced tea and spoons so service was just so so.
3	Beautiful people, chic decor, and above average food.  The tried and true Fox formula.Highlight:  Butternut Squash Cannelloni
4	In a sentence: Culinary Dropout is a foodie mecca with its plush and lux furnishings, amazing location in the heart of Scottsdale but away from the duche-ery of Old Town, on point entrees that range from classic to what I call contemporary chef-y food, and its trendy lil touches like dishtowels for nanpkins and placemat menus. After a short afternoon of shopping, I and the other Musketeers ventured into CD in search of yummy goodness... we weren't disappointed. We scarfed down the Pretzel and cheese fondue. Sorry, I can't remember the exact cheese used, but it tasted like cheez whiz without the nasty chemical aftertaste. Musketeer #1 had the Shrimp Po' Boy sammy and was overwhelmingly awesome! With its fresh baguette, crispy shrimp and cole slaw topping, this po boy claimed to have died several times. The fries were good, I'm sure they are awesome with the steak. Musketeer #2 had the truffle egg scramble. She said that it was good... not bad... but not terrific. We love the truffle, and this did deliver however... it just missed something... je ne sai quai... just something. I stole a bite and concurred... the low point in a overall great meal. and me, Miss Musketeer #3 had the coq a vin... a MUST! If that or braised short ribs are on the menu... they MUST be ordered! That's the rule my friends. My braised chicken was good, kind of on the sweet side, but over all very good, although the chicken did have an odd texture, it seemed to me that it could have used a few more hours in the oven. I think this is a dish best served before closing when all the flavors had their chance to really marry. We arrived at the top of dinner service and so the chicken was done... but barely.Musketeer #2 and I both NEEDED bread and butter, our cooler-than-thou waiter was happy to oblige, even though it took a VERY long time t find him to ask for it in the first place. We capped off the meal with their "famous" Monkey Bread, it was definatly worth going bananas over! Warm, gooey, delicious and crazy sweet with its pull-apart goodness it didn't need the ice cream it was served with, but we certainly weren't about to send it back! The three of us died over that one! To my yelpers I say: if you have the cash to spend (three of us cost a lil over a hundred clams), a few hours spend on dinner (we were there a while) and a NEED to reach foodie nirvana in order to keep from jumping off a cliff into the chain resturant valley... then this is the spot for you! Bring your most expensive IT bag, a pair of oversized shades, maybe a sweater (the outdoor heaters really didn't work) and your most predestroyed designer deconstructed jeans and get ready!! It's gonna be a blast!!
5	The food here was delicious. The decor is pretty fancy and typical of Old Town Scottsdale. I'd recommend sitting outdoors if the weather accommodates. I had the Soft Pretzel appetizer and the Grilled Cheese sliders. Highly recommened. I hear they have live music on the weekends, so I will have to return to check it out. Definitely a good place to stop on your tour of Scottsdale restaurants fellow Yelpers.
4	Let me start by saying that I love a bloody mary in the morning!  Not every morning, mind you, but definitely a lazy weekend morning when I'm enjoying some brunch time with my crew.  I like mine with pretty much any tasty veggie tucked in - pickles, olives, celery, whatever...  So imagine how pleased I was when I ordered Culinary Dropout's bacon-infused Bloody Mary -- FREAKIN' YUMMY!  A little spicy, rich, delicious and fragrant... A BLT in a glass with vodka on top -- and a big ol' slice of bacon stickin' out.  But hold on, I got a little anxious -- let me back up for just a minute...Culinary Dropout is in the location formerly known as Pink Taco.  I never went to Pink Taco because I'm just not going to eat in such a ridiculously trendy Scottsdale hangout, especially one named after a euphemism for female anatomy, so when I found out that trash hole of a restaurant was gone and this new gastropub opened in its place, I was anxious to check it out.  I have no idea what the decor used to look like there, so I can't compare (which I think is less biased anyway), but I really like the giant tin tiles lining the ceiling/walls, the gigantic glass chandeliers, and the comfortable and homey wood furniture.  The place is comfy casual but totally upscale.When I arrived at the restaurant the hostess greeted me in a friendly manner, immediately disarming me and making me comfortable.  I was at a table of 10 girls, and our server was just awesome - friendly, funny, and helpful with the menu.  As an accompaniment to the earlier mentioned "BLT in a glass" I ordered the shrimp po' boy.  Wow!  Typically po' boys come on toasted baguette like buns that always seem to rip up my mouth.  I usually end up picking the shrimp off with my fork and leaving the brick bread to rot... Not so here!  My shrimp po'boy was on a soft roll, and the shrimp was chopped and mixed with a slightly smokey remoulade, so no shrimps rollin' off my plate! Definitely a big meal, as I couldn't even finish the second half, but my sweet server girl so pleasantly offered to box it up for me so no complaints here!  Not too pricey, as I think for 2 drinks and a sammich it came to about $30 total.An extra bonus here is the patio, which lines the outside of the restaurant, looking out across Camelback toward Fashion Square mall.  There were both seats and benches (with backs) so the tables looked cozy and pleasant.  And our server said there's live music on Friday and Saturday nights.  May have to hit this place up again in the evening!
4	So we all decided to do Sunday Funday a day early... since it was a warm sunny day. We started off our day at Olive & Ivy... then Modern Steak... and somehow ended up where Pink Taco used to be. I have been to the Vegas Pink Taco at the Hard Rock, but never the one here in Scottsdale. So I have no idea what this place was like before, but I have to say I immediately thought the the interior decor with the gothic yet modern design w/ the elaborate chandeliers was really cool. I love the large open window / doors open to fun inviting patio. There was a live band playing... pretty sure It was the same band playing at Olive & Ivy earlier. We did not eat... just had amazing Greyhounds... fresh squeezed grapefruit w/ Kettle.... very refreshing. The food menu looked good, but smelling and seeing the entrees of those around us was  tempting. But we were focused on no more added unwanted calories unless it consisted of alcohol. We were suppose to go home and get ready to head out again on Sat night... but it was difficult to stop having fun... so it was like being in Vegas w/ my friends...minus the gambling and Pink Taco:)
4	I thought Culinary Dropout was a great experience. I met a friend here for dinner on a Saturday night. We decided to sit at the bar outside because the place was pretty busy. Eating at the bar was pleasurable. My friend and I became completely enthralled with this what seemed to be whipped cream the bartender was making. Turns out it was actually pomegranate foam to top off one of their cocktails. the clown punch. Since I am always down for anything pomegranate I just had to have it. Excellent cocktail! I totally recommend it!My friend and I decided to split the fish and chips and a burger. Both were very good. Burger was good, but nothing too memorable. The fish and chips were awesome! I totally would order it again.What a great space with a great menu, staff and atmosphere. Way better use of the space than stupid Pink Taco.
3	3 stars with the potential for more if they add happy hour deals that include their cocktails because their mixologist deserves an Emmy or whatever the equivalent is for drink inventors!! Specifically, the Last Word, which includes Hendricks Gin, Green Chartreuse and lime juice garnished with cucumber and cherries and the Ginger Margarita that wreaks of ginger with Milagro Silver, lime, Cointreau and ginger agave syrup. Service was good and patio seating is comfortable.The menu items sound so creative. A genius composed the copy for the menu. Everything sounds so delicious. And, the food is good but it falls a little short of the expectations set by the titles. Don't get me wrong. I'll totally be back. Here's what I've tried so far: I've had the soft pretzels & provolone fondue a couple times now and they're tasty but there's more cheese than pretzels... not exactly a problem if you order something that comes with fries and you're a dipper, though! The pork belly cubano title is misleading but the description sets it straight: "tavern ham." It's not pork belly. It's still yummy. Think awesome ham sandwich with cole slaw on top. And, it may be even better the next day! (The sandwiches are giant - I had to bring half home) This may be my favorite menu item so far. The shaved prime rib dip is served with fontina cheese and a side of the onion soup for dipping. Personally, I prefer au jus and I probably wouldn't order the onion soup on its own... it was very sweet! :( The butternut squash cannelloni is good but it ain't cannelloni. It's rectangular ravioli. Four of them. Again, plenty of food. Good flavor. Would've preferred more brussel sprout "leaves." I tasted my dining companion's short rib pasta and the pasta was over cooked. Might be worth trying again. Seemed like a hearty dish. Finally, finished up with the monkey bread. It reminded me of refrigerator biscuit dough topped with cinnamon bun frosting, apples and cinnamon. The ice cream flat out sucked like generic grocery store ice cream. I think, in the future, I'll chose a cocktail for dessert! Seriously! They're really creative and delicious.
4	two of my girlfriends and i went there on a sunday nite in march!  we thought it a bit too romantic for us with the low lites, etc but when in rome...we had a wonderful dinner, and shared dessert...the decor is definitely top notch!
3	So, here's the thing. I already have a chip on my shoulder about Fox Restaurants. Mostly because, while I adore most of their concepts, I have found the quality of their food to be uneven at best. The first time I ate at C.D. I was certain that this was the place that would change my mind. Amazing burger. Superb even. I didn't even mind the fact that it was giant-sized. Ate half and enjoyed every minute of it. Fun drink list. Good apps. Cute, eager server. All in all, a great introduction.Then, the second time. A salad. Lacking variety of texture and totally overdressed (and not in the "didn't she know it was casual Friday" sort of way...). The server was trying really hard but it seemed like everyone was stretched just a little thin.So, we are back to "uneven"...Overall, I think I would come here again. I really want to try it for dinner. And it is way better than the Pink Taco, which inhabited the space before. The food has potential and there are still several things on the menu that I haven't tried that sound good.
3	Eh.It was ok.Just ok though.I was hoping for a bit more WOW with my seared tuna salad.  Meh.I'll come back, as some of the other things on the menu sounded worthwhile.
3	Took my wife to the Culinary Dropout (CD) for our date night.  We had heard a lot about this place since it took over the spot where the Pink Taco (Mexican food yeah right) use to be.  We started out with Provolone Fondue and pretzel bread.  We also ordered some of their hard to find premium meat (Jamon Iberico).  The fondue was very mild in taste which was good but nothing that would stand out.  I did wrap the pretzel bread with the Iberico which was a good combo.For a main course I had the ribs and my wife had the shrimp po boy.  The ribs were good but were not smoked, and they are also boiled before they are cooked.  If you like ribs that are not traditionally prepared (smoked/bbq) then you should like these because they do have great pork flavor.  The po boy was also good.  It had great flavor overall but you could not taste the shrimp in it.  The other flavors in the sandwich were just to overpowering.  I think if CD marinated the shrimp and grilled them instead of frying them it would have held up better to the other flavors.Service was good but not exceptional.Overall CD is a good restaurant but not special in a sea of trendy bar/restaurants.  It is the typical Fox project that has good food but nothing that would be classified as unforgettable.  Would I go back if a friend had not tried the place yet, yes but I would not go back for a second time with my wife nor would it be a place I would suggest to people as a can't miss.
2	Our group was not pleased with the quality of  the seared tuna salad (everything about it was low quality and just not tasty) and the quality of the grilled cheese (Velveeta cheese?) sliders.  The cuban sandwich was pretty good, though it's not enough to make us want to go back for more.  On the good side, our server was really nice and sitting outside was very pleasant and breezy.  I hope the food improves.
4	Four and a half stars, but only because I've been once and I wasn't COMPLETELY sold.  Don't get me wrong though, because Culinary Dropout is fantastic!  We chose a relatively odd time of day to grab some lunch, so it was fairly empty when we were seated.  Our waitress was nice enough, but a little stand-offish.  She did her job right, so that's all I really care about.  After I decided what I wanted I gazed about the restaurant, admiring the decor while our waitress made her way back.We ordered the pretzel bread with cheese fondue to start and I got the grilled cheese sliders.  The pretzel bread was DELICIOUS, even without the cheese dip.  The cheese dip just threw the whole dish over the top amazing.  I really loved this stuff, but I had to stop eating it so I could actually make room for the grilled cheese.  This app is more expensive than the rest, but there is easily enough to feed 4 people.  My grilled cheese sliders were wonderful.  They were served on the adorable little mini slices that look like they were made for fairies, and I just loved that.  So dainty!  The cheese inside was ooey, gooey, and melty.  Just perfect.  Plus, there was bacon, so how can you go wrong.  I think fries came with it, but I can't remember.I will definitely make my way back here at some point.  I hope Mr. Fox decides to bring one closer to Downtown Phoenix because that would be awesome!  In an area where everything feels so contrived and pretentious, Culinary Dropout was a welcome haven to relax and be yourself.
5	I loved, loved, loved it here! We stumbled upon this place on our way over to the mall from the W hotel. One look at the menu and I was super excited to try it. Everything looked so good, I was already making plans to come back before we even ate there so I could try everything. We got the chips and onion dip to start. It was SOO good. We pretty much devoured it on the spot. (we were hungry). I got the smoked chicken salad (minus the Gorgonzola) and my husband got the turkey pastrami sandwich. I was excited he ordered it because it was my second choice. Both the salad and the sandwich were awesome. Usually when I ask for no cheese, somehow there is always cheese. We could see when our order was up and saw a server thoroughly inspect my salad for cheese. I was convinced they made a mistake but when the salad was brought over, behold, no cheese! In fact, the server was inspecting it to make sure there was nothing in there! We were too full to get dessert and never made it back there during the trip, but next time we are in town...I know where we are going!
5	we tried this place out because it was highly recommended by the front desk staff at our hotel. upon arriving, i realized that it was the old pink taco space - i absolutely love that space and the layout of the restaurant. the location itself is amazing.it  was friday night at 8:00, so we were expecting a wait. we were told 45 minutes, which was fine. we ordered some wine from the bar ($5.50 a glass - it's $13 where we come from! what a deal!) and then wandered onto the patio. a busboy was clearing off a low-top outside, and informed us that we could have it if we wanted , as they were first come, first serve. so we ditched that little buzzer and sat right down! out waitress was super friendly and quick, which was nice. there was also a live band playing, which was pretty awesome.my boyfriend and i both started with the french onion soup - it was good, but different than we were used to - it had more of a sweeter taste, but i still really enjoyed it. the boyfriend got a monstrous burger, which he said was fantastic. i had the ricotta gnocchi with sausage, which is amazing - it's in a super light cream sauce, and it was unlike anything i've ever had before - plus, it wasn't a giant bowl of pasta that made me want to immediately fall asleep.unfortunately, we were too full to try dessert - i really wanted to try the monkey bread - hopefully this place is still around when i come back!
3	I love the look of this place.  I think I was more entranced by the decor than my meal.  But, that could have been my own fault for getting a salad and not trying one of their other tasty options.  The Smoked Chicken Salad was good, but a little lackluster.  The dolce gorgonzola was the saving grace (or should it be saving taste?).  We also tried the Soft Pretzel and Provolone Fondue, which was very very good.  I am anxious to go back there and try some of their incredible sounding drinks!
4	Oh my gnocchi!!  So soft like little pillows that I want to float away with.  It came w/ shitake mushrooms that really complemented the cream sauce which wasn't heavy at all. Also the portion was really great too!!  Not too much but just right!My hubby had the burger which was good but nothing too special about it.  But the fries were good!  Get a side of the bbq sauce to dip them in!The only negative was that we opted to sit outside but at a lower table so we were crouching over our food which was uncomfortable but overall great place to check out what kinds of cars are parked in valet!
4	The feeling that you get walking into Culinary Dropout must be what it's like to drop some E (as I understand it)... You just want to touch everything! The interior design of the place is a crazy overload of eclectic textures (both tactile and visual) that somehow work together in a harmonious fashion: embossed walls, plush armchairs, supple leather couches, smooth wood tables, glittering chandeliers (ooohhh, shiny)... Sorry. Got distracted for second there. On to the food!First of all, Culinary Dropout is a gastropub. Which means, with 25 different specialty mixed drinks (including a bacon-infused bloody mary), 44 kinds of beers and 27 wines to choose from, the alcohol is a-flowing. As I was in the mood to try something new, my server (armed with the knowledge that my favorite beer is Guinness) was able to steer me towards the 8 Ball from Lost Cost in California. Pretty tasty... Since I was there with a friend, we decided to do the tapas-esque feast and order a variety of small dishes to share: the Lingot du Quercy (a French, handmade goat cheese served with a cranberry compote and some crusty bread), Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue (pretzel balls served with a small cauldron of warm, liquid cheese), Artichoke Salad (thinly-sliced artichoke hearts and asparagus tossed with endive and Parmesan in a crisp dressing) and Grilled Asparagus.All the food was very good, but the stand out for me (simultaneously as my favorite taste and biggest gripe) was the Artichoke Salad. Served in a bowl (you'll see why this is important in a second), the salad had an amazing flavor coupled with an interplay of crisp and tender textures. However, by the time we finished the salad, it was over-dressed and rather soggy. Any guesses why? That's right. It was served in a bowl (a fairly narrow one at that). With all the excess dressing pooling to the bottom of the bowl to drown the remainder of the salad, this particular taste experience went from awesome to melancholy pretty quick.Aside from the space and food, one particularly nice surprise was the discovery that Culinary Dropout hosts live music as well. A local band called The Market started up about halfway through our meal. Sounding like an interesting bluesy/funk-ish take on Cake (they even have a trumpet), the Market was really very good. I'm looking forward to catching them again soon in my musical travels around town!All in all, a very good first go at this newly-established gastropub. With the likelihood of fun times, tasty food and great music in the mix, I doubt that this experience at Culinary Dropout will be my last.
5	Since this restaurant opened I have been here 4 times.  I have had a perfect experience every time!  There are just not enough good things to say about this restaurant.  Every detail has been thought out.  I have gotten something different every time.  But the cheese platter and fresh potato chips with wine could be a meal in itself.  Awesome service, very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list.I will be back!  Thank you!
3	Looking for a place to have lunch outside on a patio, my friend and I decided to stop in here.  We were able to get a nice table by the front door which was great for people watching and the couch seating was very relaxing.I ordered the Pub Burger which came with bacon, Havarti cheese and fries.  I commented to my friend that this probably wasn't the most healthy meal in the world.  Not 10 minutes later a friend walked by who I hadn't seen in a while.  He mentioned that he had a heart attack just two weeks ago as we both looked at my burger and fries.  He was drooling with envy because he can't eat this stuff anymore and I was thinking that I should probably start to cut back on this type of meal.The burger was good though.  Large and perfectly cooked.  Crispy bacon and plenty of cheese.This was a nice place for a leisurely lunch.  Next time, I'll try to order something a little healthier.
4	Cool place on the Waterfront!  I love the atmosphere, the food was good and the service wasn't bad.  Great place to sit outside and people watch.
3	Went here for dinner on a Saturday night.  Put our names in...and only had to wait about 30 min. Not too bad. The bar was a little too crowded to wait there, so we went a couple of doors down to pass our time.On to dinner...we had a great server.  He was super friendly, nice and was vocal with his opinions.  I would love to tell you that all of his reccs were spot on...but they weren't.We started with the pretzels and the cheese fondue. DELISH.  I went halfsies with my friend and we shared the prime rib sammie and the shrimp caesar salad.  The prime rib sammie was mediocre.  The beef wasn't flavored at all, and when we got the fries, they were cold.  Hot plate, cold food..not a good sign.We did get fresh fries, I didn't finish my half, and moved on to the salad.  The salad was good, but not great.All in all, I would go for a drink and some apps, but wouldn't really want to eat dinner here again.  I may have just ordered wrong...but two meh things do it for me.
4	I was very impressed. The atmosphere was a little over a top, but I would expect nothing less for the location.Allison, our server was great. Honest, efficient, and knowledgable.My wife and I had some cheese to start, a lovely goat from Vermont, served on perfect bread.I had the butternut squash canneloni. I would give it a 9.7.The food was great, resonably priced, I can't wait to return....
4	Two trends that need to end.  ASAP.  Really, ahorita:1.  Bacon mixed with everything under the sun.  Bacon doesn't need an accompaniment, it's amazing all on its own.  No more bacon donuts.  Please, for the love.2.  Overuse of truffle oil.  Dumping truffle oil on a dish does not make it gourmet.  Please stop.  For real.Culinary Dropout is guilty of succumbing to these two trends.  That being said, the service and atmosphere make it forgivable.  Our server and the manager were hyper aware of how long we'd been waiting.  Even though it was not that big of a deal to us, it was nice to know they cared.They mean well when it comes to cocktails, but they were a little lightweight for me, relying heavily on simple syrup and mixers to dumb down the alcohol.  Their beer list made up for it, though.  I've never had a stout in a can, but they managed to find the brewery that pulled it off.Yeah, my ricotta gnocchi was drenched in truffle oil, but the sausage and mushrooms made it actually a pretty good dish.  And the beets were fresh and delicious.I liked it, I'm not gonna lie, but I wish they'd stop falling prey to the trends and branch out a bit.  Culinary Dropout, you're better than that.
4	I went here last night at 7pm with a party of 7.  We were certain the place would be busy so we called ahead.  Turns out the place was pretty dead the entire 2 hours we were there.  This is why I love AZ in the summer.I love the decor of the place.  It is real open and airy (at least when they have all the doors open), they have nice big tables and comfortable seating.  The decorations are interesting as well.  The whole place has a great vibe to it.  I just don't like it that they play the music a bit too loud.Though I didn't have any, they have a pretty impressive and reasonably priced beer/wine/interesting cocktail menu.  They have a big list of real random cocktails that I would like to come back and sample.The Food:* House Potato Chips = excellent. a bit too salty though.  I have no idea why the onion dip is famous; it is pretty good but nothing that you couldn't get out of a can.* Soft Pretzels & Fondu = very good and exactly what you would expect....pretzels and melted cheese.  Nothing fancy.*Artichoke Salad = very interesting and pretty good.* Kurobuta Pork Ribs = excellent. very very tender and very very tasty.  this dish really doesn't jive with the rest of the menu but whatever...I ordered it anyway to go against the grain of my party.  The fries and cole slaw that come with are not very good.* Ricotta Gnocchi = very interesting and pretty good.This place is very interesting to say the least thus the name I guess.  I'm not sure I would rush back but it was very good and the service was great.
4	I had been wanting to try Culinary Dropout for a good while, last night the opportunity finally struck and I was not let down. Kristen and I went with our three favorite couples to celebrate an engagement, we decided to arrive at six thirty because they do not take reservations (I will never understand why restaurants choose to not accept them). Once seventy five percent of your party is there you get a little buzzer and your name on the list.       We found our friends sitting at the outside bar and joined them for some drinks. The bar is pretty awesome, there were several bartenders, so you never needed more than a little eye contact for quick service, and they have a ton of beers and specialty cocktails on the menu, from fruity and sweet to harsh and alocoholy. The seats were fairly plentiful and comfy, and there are also lounge seats all around the bar area for the outside dining, I thought the layout and design was attractive and used the limited space wisely, I'd love to come back for an outside lunch. The bartenders and waiters were friendly and attentive, all good looking (of course, Scottsdale) and all of our drinks (from beers to martinis to fruity stuff) were delicious and not too overpriced, I mean, they were overpriced, but not quite Scottsdale overpriced. So far, so good. We paid the tab and headed inside.       The atmosphere inside is awesome. I hope to someday open a restaurant, so when I enter a new business I eat it up, I devour the place, I pick apart the ambiance, the lighting, the noise level, the architecture and design, everything, and I really like Culinary Dropout. The tables are huge, slabs of hard, rough wood, very rustic and western, it is dimly lit with modern (not too loud) music playing, there is a surprising amount of room and lots of space for big party's, they have a stage for live music (awesome), Culinary Dropout really surprised me.       I will spare critiquing each meal and just stick with Kristen and I's, but just to be fair, two in our group had the beer battered fish and chips, one had the pub burger, one had the fried chicken and two had the shaved prime rib dip, and none complained.       Our group shared both the house potato chips, which were very tasty and fried just right, and the onion dip was flavorful, not some run of the mill dip, and the soft pretzel and provolone fondue, which was fantastic. A pretzel is kind of a pretzel, they were good, soft and all, but the provolone sauce simply exploded, man it was good, creamy and tasty, you should definitely try it. I ordered the fried chicken, which was delectable, it had a great but not overdone crunch, it was sweet and you could actually taste the spices, not just the taste of the fryer, you also get a lot of it, three big, juicy, tender pieces. It came with a side of mashed potatoes and gravy which was good enough, nothing special, but only had two bites in it, and two very small but scrumptious biscuits with honey. Dear Kristen had the shaved prime rib dip which was fine, a little disappointing I guess, just not much meat, the meat to bread ratio was severely lacking, and it came with fries which were very good. If you're really in the mood for a prime rib sandwich, head to Houston's.       I will be back here for sure. I paid for Kristen and I, plus the newly engaged couple, and including drinks and all food it only came to ninety eight dollars, that is a bargain for this atmosphere and the overall quality of the food and staff. It also only took us about an hour to get seated, eight people on a Friday night in Scottsdale with no reservations? How can you beat that. Culinary Dropout is simply awesome.
2	Great location.  Nice decor.  The food was adequate, but $13 for the turkey pastrami sandwich was a little high for a lunch.  I guess those chandeliers are expensive and rent at the Waterfront cannot be cheap.  Our server was poorly trained.  She placed the food in front of me instead of the lady first. I asked for water and the server brought only one glass of water and didn't bother to ask about the lady's needs.  This venue is not for those who appreciate fine or even appropriate service.  Sam needs to educate his young servers on the finer points of courtesy.  Our server was also extremely bored with her job, her life, and her existence.  That's the impression we received.
4	The restaurant interior seemed to have an identity crisis.  I couldn't figure out if it was a sports bar, a hip dining venue or what.  But I must credit them for their food.  I tried the Prime rib dip and bacon infused bloody mary.  I also had to try the Monkey Break dessert.  All the things I ordered were very good - great flavor!  Service was on the slow side but they were extremely busy.  Anyhow, I'd definitely come back to eat the same things.
4	Culinary Dropout rocks!  The drink menu is awesome.  Tons of beers to choose from and many priced around $5.  The cocktails are very unique and really good.  Now to the food.  There are many standouts, but if you could only get one thing, get the Soft Pretzles with Provolone Fondue.  They are amazing and I dream about them often.  Soft pillowy pretzle bites that are moist and amazing.  So good you can eat them plain.  But you shouldn't because the provolone fondue is super yummy.  For the entrees, I've had the Cuban Sandwich, Shaved Prime Rib Dip Sandwich, The Pub Burger, and the Gnocchi.  The cuban sandwich is made with pork belly and is amazing.  I usually ask for a little extra yellow mustard because I like my cuban to be a little more traditional.  The Pub Burger is amazing.  The Gnocchi is make with mushrooms and truffle oil and is heavy, but worth it.  The atmosphere is beautiful and all of the waiters I've had have been great.  They always make great recommendations are will take care of you.  I will keep going to Culinary Dropout on a regular basis.
3	happy hour is m-f 3-6p. the paper bag beer special for under $2. surprise its PBR. they say it changes up and that PBR is probably one of the better ones.if money is not an issue they have a really good beer selection including my favorite La Fin du Monde. didnt have a chance to try the hh food but the prices looked okay. might go back accidentally some day.
1	After a 40 min. wait to get in on a Saturday (standard), we had to wait another 40 minutes to get our food, which wasn't expected or appreciated.  I ordered the Pork Belly Cubano and it was missing the all important pork belly.  After the wait I just ate it and left with a feeling of "I'll never eat there again".  The server and another helper had apprehension when the food was delivered.  Sort of "I hope he doesn't notice it doesn't have Pork Belly!".  The server even comically asked if it was our first trip to C.D..  Possibly a probing question into weather or not I knew I had just been screwed.  The sandwich was cold and had a Subway quality cold lunch meat.  To add insult to injury I got a plate full of dirty scrap fries.  My wife's Chicken Hash with black truffles was also kind of a joke.  You can get a better hash at the Cheesecake factory without the pretense.All in all Culinary Dropout lives up to it's name.  We didn't write a review on our first trip to but it was forgettable and this second trip just leaves me feeling ashamed of myself.
4	We took my parents here on Saturday for Father's Day to try something new. We got there around 6:30 and didn't have to wait for a table. We got seated immediately. Now, I'm a nondrinker so I can't really rate the drinks but their cocktail list is insane. We started with the soft pretzels with provolone fondue which was TO DIE FOR. So delicious and flavorful. I recommend it to everyone. We also ordered some cheese and meat off the antipasti menu which was delicious as well. The cheese was very moist and flavorful and the capicola had just enough pepper to give it a hint of spice. For entrees, I ordered the short rib pasta which had delicious flavorful short rib in a yummy red sauce. It wasn't too heavy or too light. Just right. My boyfriend ordered the MAC burger which is basically just a glorified Big Mac only better. My mom got the smoked chicken salad and my dad ordered the coq au vin. Everyone seemed to be happy with their choices. We had to skip on dessert because we were so full after wards but I can't wait to come back and try some more delicious food!
4	4/11/10I've eaten here twice already, and I love this place!  Easily five stars, but a few things keep me from rating so...  One reason is that I'm not that enamored of the vibe here- feels a little too much like a meat market, maybe?  Perhaps the atmosphere's a little too "dark" (gloomy/goth-y)?  Tiny details which, for now, do not prevent me from wanting to go back and try something new from the menu!On my first visit (late March/early April), I sat at the bar and was served by a very patient and helpful bartender whose name now escapes me.  (Sorry!)  However, he did steer me to the right direction on this visit by suggesting I try the Kurobuta Pork Ribs (and on the next visit with the Fried Chicken)!  I thought it funny that one of his pork ribs' selling points was that it was cooked in a sous vide-- sorry I kind of rained on your parade when I knew what a sous vide was.  (Thanks to episodes of Iron Chef America and fellow Yelper Joel L.'s cool blog at onefordinner.com!)  Hey!  You had me at "no, it doesn't contain mustard."  (I asked.)  Woohoo!  It's been a long time since I had BBQ pork ribs, and this platter was worth waiting for!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=i3AkQGxtvOCETdQWiiPMCw#i3AkQGxtvOCETdQWiiPMCw  Great flavors and fall-off-the-bone tender pork...  The dish is usually paired with fries, but I asked if I could sub coleslaw, instead.  Oh my God, the slaw here is incredible!  (I wish they sold jars of coleslaw to take home.)  Needless to say, I ate the whole thing!  But was I done eating?  No!  I had to have something sweet, so I ordered the Apple Monkey Bread.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=LJSG9mQ0OJ0Hg11nLf_PAg#LJSG9mQ0OJ0Hg11nLf_PAg  Again, another winner!  I would've preferred a higher apple content (and less bread), but that's more of a preference than a fault in execution.  Loved the vanilla bean ice cream pairing, as well!On my second visit, I ordered the Fried Chicken, which, according to the menu, comes with a buttermilk biscuit and honey drizzle.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=KVajeeB3_N2SYylwQpxOSQ#KVajeeB3_N2SYylwQpxOSQ  I asked for an extra plate so that I could share the food with Mom.  When the food finally arrived*, we were pleasantly surprised that the kitchen split the food onto two plates for us... so cool!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=C538acZVs3swVhHCQ0vwmA#C538acZVs3swVhHCQ0vwmALOVED the fried chicken!  The batter coating treatment was perfect- very light, yet so crispy and not too greasy.  The biscuits were small, but perfect size for the amount of chicken we received.  I would've liked the biscuit to be a little flakier, but other than that, I liked my piece.  I personally loved the honey drizzle on the chicken, but Mom didn't.  (I told her to just take the coating off.  After awhile, I asked her to just give the rest of her chicken!  LOL.)  I really enjoyed what little of the garlic mashed potatoes I tried, and so did Mom!  (Thank goodness the potatoes made the grade with her, because the honeyed chicken didn't, and now I can't get her to go back to CD....)Cannot wait for my next visit!  The prime rib dip and bistro steak are calling my name :)  [I hear from a foodie coworker that the salmon is not bad, either!]*I wonder how the crusty bread tastes like?  I spied quite a few sitting on a counter on my way back from the restroom.  Haven't tried the bread yet, because CD charges $2 for a serving.  Why charge for table bread?  Does anyone else find this practice off-putting?
3	A solid 3.5 stars for my first visit, if that were an option.  When 5th and Wine dared to close over Memorial weekend, my friend and fellow Yelper, Christina P, suggested CD as an alternative.Trying to grasp onto those last few days of tolerable temps, we sat outside, and drink orders were taken promptly.  I went with the Camelback Cooler.  I wanted to love it, but it was a miss for me.  I wanted it to be a little sweeter and more "orangey."  Instead, it was on the bitter side.  Cocktail number two was the Clown Punch.  This was the hit for me.  The pomegranate foam on top was unexpected, well not really since it's listed on the menu, and fun!We all shared the soft pretzels and provolone fondue.  I could try everything on their menu, and I'm pretty sure that would still be a favorite for me.  But who doesn't love bread and cheese?  I also tried the pork belly cubano, although Christina forewarned me it's really ham, not pork belly.  Maybe that's why the restaurant is called "Culinary Dropout."  Whatever the hell it was, it was really good, too.Although the Scottsdale "Waterfront" is not necessarily my favorite place to be, I can see myself enjoying CD every now and then.  I can also see that 4th star with another try.
4	My first visit a lunch visit was V. enjoyable.  The pretzel balls were doughy heaven then to add fondue....you had me at hello,,, good.  My crunchy shrimp caesar was a nice portion size and a creative spin on a great traditional salad.  We didn't have to wait at lunch and the service was fair.
3	Three stars for my very first visit. Three of us came around 6:30pm on Saturday, about 15mins wait for a table inside, I guess its pretty standard for any place in old town. The waitress was nice enough to share the drink menu and got us ordered some drinks while waiting. We had the Simple Plan, the Home-de Martini, and Acai Mojito. All were pretty good, but a bit pricey ($10 each)So here comes the food. We ordered the Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue, the first couple of bites were great, but it got dry and tasteless after three, and for softness, honestly, I'd rather go for the $3 Wetzels Pretzel. I had the Smoked Chicken Salad, friends had the Italian Chopped Salad and the Short Rib Pasta. Both salads were good, but not that outstanding. However, we all liked the pasta, it was very flavorful yet kinda soupy. Very good! We took the waitress's recommendation and ordered the Apply Monkey Bread (you're probably thinking the same thing as we did), Monkey bread? So it's basically small bites of cinnamon roll with small chunks of apple paired with  vanilla ice cream. It was very sweet and rich, three of us couldn't finish one plate...If you can't take a lot of sweet and pretty full, then do NOT order it.The ambience is casual, spacious, and pub-style, but the music on Saturday night was too loud, we felt that we had to scream at each cross the table...
4	Met a couple friends here for happy hour - I can't speak to the regular menu, just the happy hour offerings.For round one, (the two gals)  we ordered the fries - $6, the antipasti for one(chef's choice)  - $7, and two of the grilled cheese sliders at $2.50 each.Service was prompt and all the food was very tasty.  I knew about the bacon on the grilled cheese, but not the tomato.  I am not a fan of hot tomato, so I would have asked them to hold it had I known...but that's preference, not quality related.  The bread, chesse and bacon were just right...and I could have made a meal of these alone.The fries are thin cut, fresh and very nicely seasoned.  Everything you could want in a fry - and generous basket of them provided!The antipasti platter was my favorite.  Choice today was brie, sopressata, almonds and roasted tomato.  The bread served with it was perfect...crusty on the outside and heavenly pillow within.Round two (the man joined us after he got off work), we ordered three additional grilled cheese sliders, the crispy shrimp and the chicken tenders ($5 each.)  I ordered the red wine cooler ($4 happy hour special, available in red, white and pink.)  As the server suggested - it was cool and refreshing with blackberry flavor.Loved the shrimp...similar to popcorn shrimp but perfectly exectued.  Hot and crispy outside, tender inside and lots of flavor.  Was let down by the chicken tenders.  Nothing wrong with them, per se...but everything else was so well done, the plainness of the chicken really stood out.Will definitely be back for happy hour...and as my bank account grows, I'll look forward to working my way down the very cool drink list!
3	I drove by this restaurant last week and remember thinking "wow, that font style is very Fox Concept-y!" Lo-and-behold, I wasn't wrong! My friend and I had dinner here on Saturday night for her going-away farewell. We were told by the hostess that the wait would be 5-10 minutes. I ordered a Home-EC martini while we waited, and it was okay. I love basil, but I'm not sure if I could get used to it in my drinks. The size of the drink for the price was a bit disappointing as well. For an appetizer, we ordered the soft pretzel and it was amazing!! The provolone fondue with the soft, warm pretzels were so delicious! My friend and I were really surprised, and impressed. The chicken tortilla soup was also really good. There were small chunks of tomatoes in the soup that had just enough spiciness. After two impressive starters, I was excited for my coq au vin, but I was actually really disappointed. The sauce was way too sweet for my liking. The vegetables and chicken were cooked well, but it was pretty difficult to put down the sauce. Although we waited much longer than 5-1o minutes for our table, the service here was pretty good.
4	I have a new favorite drink - the Home-ec Martini at culinary dropout. The food was good and the service top notch (thanks Brittany) but the martini(s) were great. The  pretzel fondue got us started and I would have that again but did I mention the Home-ec martini?  I'll be back.
4	The Fox food empire has done it again.  With the demise of the Pink Taco (who could have forecasted that???) and their recently-emptied location, Culinary Dropout moved in to offer great American food at reasonable prices.  The menu is fairly limited, but with multiple iterations of cheeseburgers, very good fries, and great appetizers, there are more than enough options for the casual diners who find themselves on the Water Front.  Even though the burger and the fries were very good, I found the appetizers to be the best part of the meal.  There is an impressive assortment of meats and cheeses, so you can customize your own tapas if that is what you're into.  If you're not in the mood for a meat-and-cheese appetizer, the pretzel fondue is definitely worth a shot.  The homemade pretzels were awesome and the cheese dip puts traditional nacho cheese to shame.  I ended up at the restaurant on a random Wednesday night and the place was packed.  I feel pretty comfortable saying that given the good drink list, and affordable good food, you should expect to wait for a table unless you like to eat dinner early.
4	I am happy to report that since visiting Culinary Dropout for the soft opening, I've been back numerous times and I've been very happy every time I've gone back. Their Happy Hour is amazing with $1 beers and amazing food specials and luckily, they only have live music after 9 pm now. Great spot for dinner, drinks or happy hour!
4	YUM, YUM! Took my son and his girl friend there to eat after my sister went and said everything was delicious. We started with the Soft Pretzel & Provolone Fondue. Yummy! My son had the Pub Burger with Havarti cheese and bacon and loved it. Girlfriend had the Short Rib Pasta and said it was wonderful. Husband had the Smoked Chicken Salad and raved about it the whole time and I had the Chicken Hash and Eggs which was great! Couldn't give five stars because it's a little too noisy. I asked if they would turn down the music, but they said they couldn't :(  We had trouble hearing each other.
2	This place wasn't that great for the price.  I spent 15 on 2 mini grilled cheese sliders and a tea (basically bar food over priced) Not much to choose from on the menu plus portion size didn't equal out to what I paid for.   The crowd is very Scottsdale and the staff wasn't that friendly.  Definitely wont go back here again.
4	This place is really different. The set up is very interesting. The tables are huge with big chairs that look like something you'd find in your grandmother's living room. The booths are also big leather couches that give off the same vibe. But it all comes together in a cool modern kind of way. The chairs are comfortable, but there's big downside. I'm short, so the table was oddly high. Culinary dropout is also kind of small, so we waited a while to get a table, but once we ordered, the food came out ridiculously fast. But the it was really good, and the prices are pretty low (especially compared to the other places in the Waterfront/Fashion Square Mall area). The cocktail menu is really impressive. I would definitely head back just to try the random assortment of drinks they make. Their Appetizer menu also has a lot interesting temptations. I would recommend Culinary Dropout as a perfect happy hour spot. Hit it up sometime with your friends and coworkers on at an early time on a weekday evening.
3	Doesn't allow reservations. Prices are mostly reasonable. Kitchen works in slow-motion. Had several antipasti, decent, but not the best. Had the gnocchi, good and rich, however there was truffle oil that wasn't on the menu. Had it been, I would not have ordered it-I can't stand the smell.
4	This place was pretty neat for our first visit.My husband and I stopped in at this place to try something new. The menu was pretty standard - sandwiches, burgers, salads - but the antipasto menu was kinda of unique, or the combination of it all was.We ordered the Pub Burger and Shaved Prime Rib sandwich, they were both pretty good, but a little pricey for what it was ($15 for a sandwich!!).The decor was pretty interesting, kinda dark for night time but the chandeliers were absolutely beautiful!The staff were attentive and almost overly informative on the food (couldn't hurt right). The place had a nice vibe and mixed crowd. Definitely a place to stop by for their awesome summer happy hour specials!Overall 4 stars for good food and service.
3	We have been here twice and the first time was awesome, lots of laughs, great service, delicious food. Of course, I had a few at the bar before, so everything was fun...The next time, we had dinner on the patio. We waited and waited and had to ask the waitress who was waiting on the people right next to us for service. We finally had a nice young man wait on us and of course, we waited for everything. We waited for the water, drinks and the food. So, we will be back but not too soon. Okay, here is a funny story to share...We sat next to 2 women who asked their server if the Articoke salad had articokes in it...come on, that is funny.
3	Three stars or four stars, three stars or four stars...I had such a tough time figuring out where Culinary Dropout belongs on Yelp and I am resting at a hesitant three for now.  Love the rock-emphasis decor, kitchen employees, and music.  I heard some great songs that I've never heard in a restaurant so props to that right off the bat.  I went as part of a huge, crazy, birthday extravaganza so the service aspect is to be expected as a little on the slower side.  Their beer selection is pretty formidable, while their tap beer selection is definitely lacking.I tasted the fabled pretzels with cheese dipping sauce and yes, they were probably the one thing that would suck me back into this place against my will.  The rib tip pasta wasn't bad, it was filling but seemed to lack a certain pizazz that would leave me wanting more.The prices were definitely on the lower side for the area.  I'll probably come back here, and I'll probably like it but I probably won't know why.
3	A group of us from work recently tried out Culinary Dropout for lunch.  I had only been in the past for bevies, so was excited to try the food.  It was ok.  We took our Chef from the hotel also, and he commented the same.  DO:  order the pretzel bites appetizer with the cheese fondue - awesome.  The menu does cover all of the bases as far as having the burger, sandwiches, salads, some pasta dished.  I ordered the french dip, and it was good, not a whole ton of meat inside the big, big, bun.  My co-worker had a burger and it looked really good, and was quite large also, she took home half.  Our chef ordered the pastrimi on pretzel bread and said it was quite tasty, and another co-worker had their version of the cuban sandwich.  Again, everything was good, not blow me away, but good.  However, I do love the decor, and they have this huge beautiful big chandelier hanging.  The chairs and seating areas are all kind of mismatched and funky, but it works.  I love the patio and will definately check it out when it isn't 300 degrees outside in July.  The wait staff is not dissapointing either...Scottsdale's finest pretty people that can serve too.
1	My friend celebrated her birthday here yesterday evening. We were the first three of about 15 people to show up. The server was really inconsistent and scatterbrained. As soon as we were seated, she asked us if we were ready to order drinks. After telling her we needed some time, she came back two minutes later to ask again. We asked for a HH menu and she came back several minutes later with one. Errrr.. OK, I guess the 3 of us can share... not that big of a deal I suppose. 10 minutes later, she came back and we ordered our drinks and appetizers. While waiting for our orders, more people started to trickle in. By the time she came back to our table, there were about 10+ people passing around 1 happy hour menu. Either that was the only copy in the whole restaurant or she didn't want us to order from it because as soon as someone set it down, she snatched it up and took off w/ it. WTH!? While everyone was laughing about it and asking "did that really just happen?!" our food arrived. My friend & I shared the pork belly cubano and chicken fingers. Both were OK, but they should have just named the pork belly cubano a ham cubano because the piece of pork belly was no larger than 2 fingers. A total disappointment because I was looking forward to the pork belly the most! As for our drinks, she was OK if we flagged her down to take our (alcoholic) drink orders, but she was really scatterbrained when it came to refilling our waters! I asked several times for a refill, but she would walk away after refilling other people's half full glasses and ignore my completely empty glass. She did this to a few other people too that asked for water.There were a few other servers that were helping her out w/ our table. When they brought out the orders, they would just drop off the plates wherever they felt like. Sometimes they would drop it off at one end of the table, sometimes in the middle, sometimes at the other end. Never once did they ask who it belonged to. When one dish was brought to my friend, she gave him a puzzled look and he started to walk away. She said "I guess I can figure out who this belongs to.." and he came back and said "well I guess I can do it if you don't want to..." WTF. Isn't it his JOB to?!? My friend said she had a very similar experience last time too. Needless to say, I won't be back. Such a shame since I work right across the street and my co-workers and I eat out almost everyday.
4	Food is delicious, however the service is a bit slow. Don't go here if you are on a tight timeline :).Great live music on Friday nights, so if you are looking for a different place, with lots going on in the background, with some good food, you should definitely check it out!
2	I had high hopes for this place...cute name and theme.  Plus, I looked at their menu online and was pretty excited.  What's funny is that OTHER than the food (somewhat of a big deal when I go out to eat and I'm starving!) I had a great experience here.  Service was great (really great actually), we got right in and I had one of the best gin cocktails I've had in awhile.  Delish...if anything go for a few drinks and move on somewhere else for the food.I had trout and it was worse than something I could make at home on a Tuesday night.  Which is saying a lot b/c I'm a terrible cook.  Sides were flat, small portion and just not very satisfying.Conclusion  - great service, great drinks and fun atmosphere but terrible food.  Lots of other great places like that in Scottsdale, don't waste your time!
3	Neither thrilling nor horrifying, a solid A-OK. From the 'nothing over $20' menu to the wait staff who don't wear uniforms, Culinary Dropout is trying very hard to be unpretentious. Located in a prime spot near the Waterfront and Fashion Square, it ends up being a place where people want be seen.  Look at Meeeeeee!The interior is a large dark open space. This is good for finding the people you are supposed to be meeting, but bad in that the acoustics are not the best. Depending upon where you sit, even before the live music starts this place gets loud. Very loud. Huh? What? Yeah, I said LOUD! The menu contains an assortment of comfort food as well as some pretty creative sounding cocktails. Feeling brave? You can even get a 'paper bag special' beer for $1.95 that could be pretty much anything. Our group of 8 started with appetizers: Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue ($10) - these are puffy balls of soft pretzel bread served with a pot of cheese for dipping. While I love my cheese probably more than almost anything, this reminded me of melted American cheese slices. I think a spicier or sharper cheese would have been better. House Potato Chips with Famous Onion Dip ($6) - I love fresh potato chips but these were really, really greasy. The 'famous' dip (who decides that, by the way?) was just OK. Crusty Bread with Good Olive Oil ($2) - basically what it says - slices of bread with a small bowl of olive oil. I had the Roasted Chicken Salad, with sour apples, pistachio and dolce gorgonzola ($12). While this was fairly good, I should have asked for the dressing on the side. There was a lot in there. Probably enough for two salads, so the lettuce quickly became squishy. The chicken portion was pretty small but I did enjoy the overall flavor of the crisp apples and crunchy pistachios and cheese. Our waiter was great, but the runner who brought out our food was clueless. She didn't seem to care that she was just putting items in front of the wrong person, and we all had to shift the dishes around ourselves to get to what we had ordered. She also carried the salad bowls with her thumb inside of them, touching the food! Ick... I think this place could be fun for drinks or happy hour (day-drinking, anyone, when it is cool enough for the patio??) but the food was just average.  I would rather wander next door to Wildfish...
4	Nice vibe, good range of bar food - the green mussels are tasty.Good range of beers, including local ones. Young crowd, fashionable and flirty. A good night out for twenty/thirtysomethings.
3	Overall, the experience was good. The food was tasty and the price was very reasonable. Some drawbacks...It was VERY loud and not a good place to go if you are wanting conversation with the person you're dining with. During the summer in Arizona, I think it is important to have a break from the heat. Unfortunately, the evening we ate at Culinary Dropout it was miserable. The restaurant was so hot. Our waiter was sweating and complaining that they had the "garage bar doors" open. It was unbearable! I will return to the restaurant again- but not until the temperature drops 50 degrees or so. Hard to enjoy your food from a sweaty server and be uncomfortably hot yourself.
5	We brought our one year old, sat outside, and received amazing food and great service--really like this place!
4	Went with another couple on a weeknight... no wait, good service.  The Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue is to die for.  We also ordered the Pork Belly Cubano, it was just eh, but the Kurobuta Pork Ribs were awsome!!!  They have a great beer/wine menu.  Would recommend this place more for drinks and apps. but will definately head back.
3	Dear Fox Restaurants - I am slightly disappointed in this recently opened Fox creation. I am a fan of your other joints, and this one fell a little flat for me. We went to dinner with some work colleagues. They all seemed to enjoy their meals. But mine was a little disappointing. When we arrived my colleagues had already ordered wine and the pretzel appetizer. These were both great. I ordered the gnocchi for my entree - this was were I was disappointed. I think with some work this dish could be great. But it was -- ehh. The gnocchi (which is usually one of my favorite dishes) was a little mushy. I also did not think the sausage and mushrooms blended (taste wise) in the dish. I would go back and give this place another shot. Just order something different.
4	Whoever designed this restaurant did an excellent job.  I guess Scottsdale's restaurants are all about replicating the "club scene."  The "club" ambiance can easily make a restaurant tacky, but I felt this place was classy/edgy.  We had our baby with us and it was his dinner time as well.  We asked the waitress if they had a microwave to heat up his Gerber food, and she said they don't have one.  Guess they make everything fresh.  Instead, she said that one of the chefs offered to put his food into a bowl and heat it in the oven.  Fantastic!As for the food, we ordered the honey fried chicken and shaved prime rib sandwich.  Sandwich was on the salty side, but I enjoyed my fried chicken.
3	Having only lived in Scottsdale for two weeks, I found my self here twice! The staff is casual, knowledgable, friendly and efficient.  The decor is fantastic: texture, color, light and ambiance is a true bonus to the food. It's very laid-back "rocker" but inviting to all.Though I would skip the "fried chicken" - - the flavor is nothing to write home about (the chicken fingers were better, leaner and non-greasy compared to the fried chicken entree but it might be the house made sauce that may have saved them). The name of the place makes me think that the Chef should up the anty on flavor.and the biscuits are def better at KFC - - Even the $5 cheap salad is just Ok.  What I do highly recommend the pretzel ball and provolone cheese fondue!  Yes, yes, yes.  Their happy hour is a noteworthy event: in the summer they have $4 wine coolers that are addictive (wine, dash of liquor, soda and fruit) and a select menu of half off goodies. Plus a decent beer selection.All in all, everyone SHOULD give this place a try at least once.
5	If you are looking for a hip fun place to find amazing cocktails and food, this is it!   The decor is comfortable yet trendy.  The staff is way hipster. The patrons range from young to older, nice mix of people there at all times!  Excellent food! Incredible mixologists!  Doesn't hurt that the staff is super friendly and there is zero atitude here! Price can't be beat.!  Fox Group you have certainly done it again!!!!
4	This has become one of our regular lunch options on the weekend. The pretzels and fondue are awesome, and the little house salad is an unexpected treat. Monkey bread is delicious, though we rarely have space for it!! The menu items we've tried, we've liked!
2	For as much as this restaurant was hyped, and for as much thought as was put into the aesthetics, I expected much better food.We visited CD on a Friday around noon, when I thought the place would be full.  Instead, we found it virtually empty, which is not usually a good sign, especially for a place so centrally located in Old Town Scottsdale.  I tried the cheeseburger, which the waiter described to me as the best burger he had ever had, hands down.  While there was nothing wrong with the burger, I would probably not order it again.Sure, it's a cool looking place, and I'd go again if it were just for drinks, but I wouldn't recommend it as a restaurant...not when there are so many better restaurants so close by.
4	This place is damn good to say the least!  For those of you that don't know this is one of Fox's restaurants.  They know what they are doing.  We had several meats and cheeses and they were all awesome.  We also had the Soft Pretzels and Cheese/Fondue, and it was freaking awesome.  I found myself using the cheese for just about anything.  I know that sounds kind of gross, but it was so good.  Then again I was drinking....  I had the Fish & Chips.  It was good.  I have nothing negative to say about this place.  It is almost worth 5 stars in my mind, but I really need to be blown away, or have something amazing happen during the meal to give the all mighty 5 stars.
5	Well Fox Concepts has done it again! I went for my second time with my husband for lunch . I had yesterdays soup , Minestrone soup with Italian sausage and he had the Cheeseburger.  The Cheeseburger was the best i ever had , it topped Flemming's cheeseburger, if you could imagine. The fries are thin cut and perfectly seasoned , not too salty. The soup , oh man, had roasted veggies and the perfect amount of fresh northern beans and lil Italian sausage meatballs. I am for sure going to figure out how to master the recipe.
3	The scene and location here are awesome, however the drinks and food did not bowl me over. I ordered a Moscow Mule, and it barely tasted like it had alcohol in it. We also ordered the famous fondue, and quite frankly, it reminded me of eating at Wetzel Pretzels or Aunt Annie's pretzels but paying $10 for it. If I ever come out to Scottsdale again, I probably will give it another shot and try ordering different items, and hopefully it will be better because it was fun to hang out at CD.
5	I absolutely love this place and frequent here often.  Everything I have ate there has been good even though now most of the time I just fill up on the pretzels!  Happy hour is a lot of fun here and the staff isn't too bad to look at either.  I do agree that this is more of a drinks/appetizers kind fo place rather than a common dinner spot.  Really good drinks,  great atmosphere, and really friendly staff.
3	I went here for the NFL Season Opener, Saints v. Vikings, that Culinary had been promoting. We had a group of 8 and were able to get seated about fifteen minutes for game time. For a place with so much seating, I was impressed with their drink specials. $2 beers (mystery beers in brown bags) and an assortment of football themed cocktails for $4.  The food was also pretty good, we had wings, burgers, nachos, and chili. All of it was pretty good, better than typical bar food. While the food, beer and location was great, this is not the place to watch any NFL games. There is only one screen, and then small tvs around the seating area. Even if you are on the side of the table where you can see a TV, it's difficult to see everything on the screen because they are so small, and the sound system is horrible for watching TV. Needless to say, if your back is to the entrance, you're not going to be watching every play. This definitely made for a fun night, but it won't become a staple anytime soon.
2	What's the big deal?  I feel like this place is over priced.  Their ideas are ok, but nothing spectacular.  Portions aren't very big.  I might come back and see if anything's improved once a year or so...  Or maybe come for happy hour where I can see what's going on at a lower rate..
3	Last night my girl friend threw a birthday dinner for her boyfriend at Culinary Dropout.  We had a table of about 10 people, and it was nice to find that they took reservations and had a great table ready for us when we arrived.  I didn't have dinner (already ate) but I did enjoy the soft pretzel and fondue that everyone raves about!  I absolutely loved the idea of the "Paper Bag Special" beer.  It's only $1.95 and they bring you the beer of their choice in a small paper bag.  (I was lucky enough to get my favorite, a PBR!)  The reason for my 3 star is that I didn't particularly love the atmosphere or the decor of the restaurant.  Didn't really give me a fun, "come back and dine with us again" vibe.  It was nice for a large party, but I don't envision going there on a date or just with a co-worker or girl friend.  I did see they had a stage set up for live music, I think only takes place on the weekends, I would like to go back and see how that changes the scene.
4	My boyfriend and I love to go to Culinary Dropout for a relaxed environment with some great food. I recommend going there with a completely empty stomach and a ginormous appetite. The first thing I suggest there is the The Clown Punch (for two of course!) It is served in a huge glass, with two straws! It tastes like fruity deliciousness, but it's not a pansy fruity drink, the BF likes it too! And it comes with some sort of foam on top that adds great texture and taste! I have yet to try their Antipasti platters where you can choose your meats, cheeses, vegetables and snacks, but I heard it is amazing as well. As an appetizer, I highly recommend the Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue - the best appetizer in my opinion! Think of light fluffy balls of perfectly cooked pretzels lightly salted that you can dip into a provolone fondue...it is just to die for! And the cheese comes with a little candle lit underneath it so it doesn't get hard and you can continue to munch on it throughout your meal. I do recommend splitting it with two to three people because you want to save room for the great entrees! For our main meal we love to split the M.A.C. Burger which is very tasty as well! It is Culinary Dropout's version of a Big Mac. One of my favorite parts is the really light fluffy bread they use for the bun - sometimes its the care that you put into making the bread that can make a dish really stand out. Add that to a delicious meat patty with cheese and lettuce and you have got a killer combo. It comes with a side of fries that are perfectly cooked - not mushy or soggy or burnt. Just cooked to perfection.  If you get the M.A.C. burger, you are definitely getting bang for your buck!As for dessert, a must try is the Apple Monkey Bread. It is baked to order (always a plus). If you enjoy a really great sweet treat at the end of a meal - you're in luck!  Besides the delicious food, there are other things that keep us coming back to Culinary Dropout. First, the service is great. You have waiters and waitresses that know the menu, appreciate a good meal, can make great suggestions (which I always love), and literally have you want to try different things on the menu from their great descriptions. I also love love love the decor in the restaurant. It's a very sexy restaurant with all the huge chandeliers, and at some tables you have huge chairs that you would imagine kings and queens sit in! In my pinon it all adds to your experience at Culinary Dropout. This restaurant is an absolute must-try and one of my favorites in Scottsdale!
4	Consistency is critical, and difficult when there are so many factors needed to have a good experience dining out...but Culinary Dropout has never been a disappointment- food, service, decor, and ambiance! Love the antipasti create your own menu, its my favorite! Other items I have tried that have been amazing: House Potato Chips, Soft Pretzels, Onion soup, Roasted Chicken salad, Grilled Cheese Sliders. The deserts are so flipping good, the best being the Salted Caramel Custard. Not sure what happened to the Chocolate Cake, its the best in town and I miss it.
3	I checked this place out for the first time tonight. First off, it was packed. There were LARGE parties everywhere, including bachelorette groups galore. I had mojitos and the pretzel app while waiting for our table at the bar. The mojito was standard and fine but not worth the price tag. The pretzels were good but the cheese fondu it came with tasted really strange to me. I was not near as impressed as the other Yelp reviewers with this particular dish. Dinner was a bit better. We waited about 45 minutes for a table but once we ordered our food it came out in less than 10 minutes. I tried the fried chicken, which was generous in size and cooked perfectly. However, the mashed potatoes were standard and the biscuits were dry and flavorless.I will say the staff was very nice and extremely helpful. Also, the cover band that was playing when I left was pretty damn good. I also thought the decor was interesting and well done.Overall, I would say the food is ok but I feel it's more about the Scottsdale scene than anything else. If that is your thing, you will enjoy it.
4	I went to Culinary dropout for the first time a few weeks ago.  We were with a big group, celebrating a friend's birthday.  What an awesome atmosphere and place to relax with friends!To start off, we shared the pretzel fondue which was simply delicious.  The pretzel balls are soft and cooked to perfection as is the provolone fondue.  It was a great appetizer to hold us over before our meal.  Most of us got cocktails, which were equally as yummy, although a little pricey.  I think my drink was $10 so I had to make sure to savor it.  For my dinner, I ordered the house made fettuccine.  Yum!  No complaints here either.  The portion was very generous...I couldn't even finish it!  I'd highly recommend going to Culinary Dropout to anyone!
3	The culinary dropout looks like a interior design dropout  designed it.  The big comfy seats really aren't made for eating meals in. The waitress was nice. The pretzel fondue was pretty damn tasty. I ordered the bistro steak. It was just ok. The side of Fries were very good, but the blu cheese sauce was just not that good and the quality of steak wasn't wonderful. The experience as a whole was just ok. My girlfriend however loved the sandwich she ordered.
5	Our first time here and had a fantastic dinner.   Our drinks were unique and refreshing.  Although it was 100 degrees, we sat outside under cool misters.  Our server, Meghan, was very knowledgeable about the menu and had a great personality.  We'll be back!
3	Though we only came for dessert... from the decor, to the beer list, to the Lou Reed quote on the menu, for an FRC joint... Culinary Dropout is pretty good.  I'd wanted to try this for spot for a while and this Friday we decided to head over from the Biltmore area and stop into CD around midnight for cocktails & some dessert. The decor is pretty funky, awesome oversized chandeliers, cool chairs & tables & great purple wall across from the bar.  At midnight there was still a 30 min wait for a table for 2.  We scored a little table outside and a couple couch seats.  Nice. Granted... the location in scottsdale lends itself to a barrage of douchebaggery in and around the restaurant, but you cant expect much more when going out around here, so no surprises.  We were pleasantly surprised when looking at the beverage list.  They had a pretty good craft brew & import beer list, both on tap and in bottles.  They also broke down their specialty cocktails by liquor which was a nice touch.  Being a bit of a bloody mary snob, i had to try the Bacon infused vodka Bloody mary.  Normally, this isnt the time of day for this drink, but had to give it a shot.  It's nothing to write home about.  The infused vodka is good, but the it wasnt even served with Olives, i had to order them extra.  Weak Bloody Mary... very disappointing.  The food menu looks pretty good.  No matter what waist widening fare you're in the mood for... from burgers, to pasta, to ribs; you can find your comfort fare at CD.  We came for something sweet and the server suggested the Salted Caramel Custard or the Apple Monkey Bread.  I'm a sucker for the Hot/Cold combo, so we went for the Monkey Bread. It's made-to-order so prepare to wait 15 min for it.  It's basically like an apple cinnamon roll with vanilla ice cream... pretty delicious.  Overall... if you can put up with the Scottsdale crowd, Culinary is worth trying at least once.  However, if you are in the market for comfort food, there are better places to try (Chelsea's Kitchen!).  On second thought... Maybe it was the Lou Reed quote that sold me on this place?  It certainly wasn't the Bloody.   Oh well... Fox Restaurant Concepts is good (but rarely great) at what they do.
4	Attended for Restaurant Week for the first time and enjoyed everything, from the decadent  yet relaxing decor, to the atmosphere, food, drink and attractive wait staff. I started off with a red wine spritzer, a first and oh so tasty, the antipasti appetizer plate, which was simply scrumptious! For dinner I had the rainbow trout with green beans and toasted almonds, which was so delicious I ate every bite and for dessert the carrot cake. I was too full to eat it, but had to try a bite to make sure the trifecta was complete. Everything exceeded expectations and I can't wait to go back!
4	I went to Culinary Dropout with my hubby tonight.  We just missed their happy hour which ends at 6pm but we did enjoyed a nice dinner there.  We shared the pretzel fondue which was simply delicious.  We found out that they make their own pretzel bread daily.  The pretzel bread is soft and has a right amount of saltiness.  The cheese fondue is perfectly match with the pretzel bread.  We really loved the atmosphere as well.  Their style is like a gastropub (a modern house which specialize in serving high quality food) in Europe with a splash of Southern Mix.  We appreciated the chef really focus on the food freshness and quality.  Plus it definitely a great place for happy hour, dinner, and watching a game.  They have live music on Friday night and Saturday.
4	I wish they had more vegan options, but a custom off-the-menu salad was the only way to go. I asked our waitress about vegan options, but she said she didn't know of any. So, it was time to get creative.  I ordered a salad with romaine lettuce, pistachios, sour apples and ginger vinaigrette.  It was super tasty. If they had more vegan-friendly items on the menu, I would go here all the time! I'd love to see a veggie burger, tofu entree or entree with an eggplant or mushroom main dish on the menu.
4	great atmostphere on the patio...could have jusst lived on the chips and dip...Salmon had a great flavor...nice touch wiht the pouched egg...service ok...they tend to  get lost....this is third visit...will go back
3	Nothing to write home about.Food was no better or worse than anything at average-quality restaurants costing 25% less. Concept, decor and beer list are better.Service was literally non-existent.  Turned out the guy we had to keep asking for help was a manager.  He took the initiative to take the drinks off our check (before we had a chance to even consider griping about the service), which was nice.I wouldn't avoid this restaurant if someone wanted to dine here, but I also would not take the initiative to suggest it.
3	Good food, bizarre atmosphere. It was so dark we couldn't see the menus -- thank goodness some nerd at our table had an app with a light. The decor is dramatic with enormous chandeliers and large, rustic tables and then they have big screen tvs with sports on. Weird. I loved their a la carte charcuterie and cheese menu. They had unique choices that were delicious. The bread was served with a cherry puree of some sort that is to die for. And the olive oil really is a find, it almost tasted like buttah. The beer and wine list wasn't extensive but they had very nice choices. Overall I liked it and the staff was attentive. Not sure if I'll make it back there on another trip but I wouldn't be opposed to it.
5	The decor was pretty cool (very Scottsdale).  Food was excellent - braised short rib pasta = superb.  Corn pasta dish was very good.  Biggest surprise was the service.  The wait for food was somewhat long - 30 min or so, but they repeatedly apologized and gave us free carrot cake for the wait.  Service industry in Scottsdale has come a long way.  If you are in the area, you must stop in here.
2	Adequate, but boring food. The bar scene seems much more exciting than the restaurant. When we asked our waitress what was good, she pretty much read us the entire menu. Nothing exceptional. Probably won't go back.
3	I'm pretty much on the fence about this place. If I was just rating my food I'd def go with  4. My fried chicken was delicious. I was marinated overnight fried to perfection and drizzled with honey.  They gave me 3 generous pieces and some delicious mash potatoes and gravy. Good fried chicken that meets my Louisiana standards is hard to find in Phoenix, but this was really good in a different kind of way, the seasoning was light but it worked with the dish.I gave the place a three because of the "vibe". The service is kinda weird.  I don't really even remember my waiter....no one was in uniform and it was hard to tell who worked there....I'm pretty sure they were trying hard for that laid back everybody's welcome kinda vibe...Def a surprise for the location. Anyway, I went for lunch and it was pretty empty so I'm def curious of how  my experience would be on a Friday night.
4	Perfect patio for a Saturday!This place walks a fine line between being too snooty and being just plain awesome.  I've had a couple of experiences here, and overall the food is really tasty.  I'm a fan of the gnocchi, even though it's a little different than traditional gnocchi.The location is great, as long as there isn't a douche bag convention going on, and as long as the bartenders and servers keep their positive attitudes, I think this place will be around for a while. Thanks!
3	Great location... Nice menu but it could offer more items... The name sounds so casual but the decor is to much... The bartender weren't friendly maybe they were just busy. I noticed that none of the line cooks were wearing hat or head neat... crazy me I always find hair in my food:( I didn;t this time thought or maybe was to dark?
4	I was visiting a good friend of mine in Phoenix this past weekend. Saturday night we decided to meet some other friends for dinner and chose Culinary Dropout. Yes, it's hip, has a cool vibe going on and the food is great! The decor is funky (love the chandeliers), the wait staff is friendly and fun and I love the outdoor seating area. Perfect for a November Saturday in Scottsdale! Yes, we managed to score an outside table, even though it was 7pm on a Saturday. We started with the pretzel fondue and YUM! Wanna make it at home! I myself had the ricotta gnocchi - a delicious bowl of upscale comfort food! It had mushrooms and sausage, it was creamy and velvety and just plain good! My friends had steak, short rib pasta and salmon and one of them ordered the chocolate cake in a mason jar for dessert. How novel, but wonderfully warm and delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant. I'm hoping the Fox restaurants in Tucson will compare, as I have yet to try them out.
3	The good: Our waitress was absolutely stellar.  Very friendly, knowledgeable and fast. The decor is interesting and unique with a nice open layout.The bad: They were out of one of the cheeses and two of the beers that I wanted to order, that's just unacceptable.  The band playing was a pretty weak cover band and they had the levels up so high that conversation was impossible.The ugly: It's in Scottsdale so many of the patrons are of your typical douchebag variety.I will come back and try a regular meal sometime but I'm not in a rush based on this experience.
4	Wednesday before Thanksgiving, needed some sustenance around 2pm. Space is good...modern, interesting, open kitchen, gig bandstand in the corner, and comfortable chairs and bench seats.2pm is all about appetizers rather than lunch, so we ordered four. First the good: Potato Chips with french onion dip were perfect. Yes, a little greasy, but not much. And they're chips.....you want not greasy? Buy a bag of baked. The french onion dip was so reminiscent of hubby's mom's dip that we instantly loved it. Perfect retro combo.6 oysters on the half shell were just as they should be. The wall seemed to indicate they were Fanny Bay....which are usually a little bigger than we like, but the flavor was excellent. The accompanying sauces were right on target - especially the cocktail/horseradish combo....again - felt retro in the right way.The best app by far? The smoked salmon. Not your normal lox - this was the hard-smoked kind that was probably cured there and was perfectly done. Came with 4 slices of what I'd think was Acme bread in the bay area - not sure what it is here.  Also, pickled onions, tarter sauce, tomatoes sprinkled with capers and I think a little olive oil and a poached egg. Absolutely hit the spot. Would order this again and again and again.Now the bad...and since it's my review it's bad but I will note hubby's review as well. The pretzel balls with fondue should be taken off the menu. Nothing about it works. The balls are too big, too salty, and too flavorless (unless the only flavor you care about is salt). The cheese fondue definitely tasted like Velveeta. I know it wasn't, but that doesn't matter - it tasted like it 100%. Confirmed by the fact that hubby loved the fondue EXACTLY for that reason. Totally brought him back to his midwestern upbringing (albeit in California by way of parents being from the midwest). Childhood memories are a powerful tool for losing your mind when it comes to food.Anywhoo, there are many other menu items I'd love to try and will definitely try to come back when we're in town. I think it's really 3 1/2 stars...but we all know about the 1/2 star options on Yelp :-(
4	I love Culinary Dropout.  As someone else mentioned...you have to think of it more as a bar than a true sit down restaurant.  It's a pub, that has been "Fox-ified."  I love coming here with friends just to drink and have some light food, before a night out.Their cocktails are all really unique and really tasty.  My two favorites are the Bacon Bloody Mary and the Sauerkraut.  The BBM is self explanatory....bacon infused vodka is used, and even served with a piece of bacon instead of the typical celery.  I'm not normally a huge bloody mary fan, but if I'm here during the daytime I always order it.  The Sauerkraut martini is amazing....gin, elderflower, orange marmalade, and dijon mustard.  With the mustard in it, it is a very savory cocktail...which I love.  Goes perfect with the soft pretzels & fondue, which is my favorite app to get.  As far as entree's, the short rib pasta is my favorite, simple and delicious.  Everything I've tried here is really tasty...but again, think of it as classy/modern/unique/upscale bar food, not gourmet restaurant food.
3	I know...really crazy that I'm updating only a couple of days later. However, we went back on Friday night for dinner and the experience brought my rating down to a 3 vs. the 3 1/2 I would have given it in the first place, if 1/2 stars were available.  The problem wasn't the food, it was the noise level. We arrived at 7:15-ish and had to wait about 20-25 minutes to get in - that's not a problem - we're used to waiting for a table that time of night. The problem was the volume....I could hear my daughter who was sitting right next to me, I could sort of hear my husband sitting across from me, but I could not at all hear my son sitting diagonal from me (across from my daughter).  Seriously annoying.  I was able to order different food this time - the trout was delicious - but my entire experience was completely tainted by the noise....ugh.
5	We've been here several times.  It's the perfect place to go if you are shopping around Fashion Square and looking for great food without overeating.  The small plates and patio make for a relaxing snack.  My favorite is the asparagus, but you can't go wrong with any of the cheeses.  Just be sure to order a plate of crusty bread.
4	Culinary Dropout, I love you and maybe I'm just getting old but loud live music + community seating right against the stage does not make for a good Friday night dinner out. Last night we went to Culinary Dropout for dinner and it's been awhile since I've been there during their live music performances. We asked for first available because of the wait and true to my luck, the table they chose for us was the community table with seats closest to the stage. Not only could we not hear each other over the music, but the seats were so far apart, it nearly turned into a silent film dinner. Luckily another seat a little bit further away from the stage opened up so we got to move. It was still loud but the seats were closer and we only had to say "huh?" a couple times. Culinary Dropout still gets four stars in my book but I wish they could figure out a way to do live music without damaging the ear drums of the eaters in front or hurting the conversation of two people on a date. Or maybe warn the restaurateurs and offer them another option.
5	A great place for vampires!  Huge chandeliers, dim lighting, wood floors, open late and one of the best gnocchi dishes I have had in a long time.  Great service, they split our order when we said we were sharing.  They also have an interesting order form for charcuterie which was really tasty and went well with their different wines by the glass.   Pretty and young people all hanging out late on a Friday night in a classy part of town.
3	I've been here twice now.  The first time I went was on a Friday night to meet a friend for a beer.  They have a nice beer selection but the music was way too loud to be able to talk .  To top it off, it was a bad band.  I went back today for lunch and liked it a lot more than my first experience.  I sat outside on the patio and there was good people watching.  Once again, good beer.  I had the pork belly cubano... it was ok.  There was only one piece of pork on the whole sandwich and it was pretty fatty (understandable considering the cut).  Overall it wasn't too bad, just really rich.  My friend had the italian grinder and loved it.  I saw the burger come out and that looked really good.  Fries were ok.  I think I will go back and just stick with apps and beer... but I won't go back on a weekend.  I would recommend going during the day anytime of the week for a better experience.
4	I had heard a lot about CD, and while I'm not familiar with the Fox concept restaurants, I was excited to try this place out tonight with some of my guy friends. We rolled in at around 9:30p and were quickly greeted and sat down. The place, located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, is pretty "swanky" and really spacious. A great place for large groups I'd say. We got a table in front of the kitchen and had some waters to start. After looking over the daunting menu for a couple minutes, we decided on what to go. We started off with the homemade potato chips and pretzel fondue to start, both of which were really good. I'm partial to pretzels so I liked that a little better, but the chips were also good with the dip. I had the something punch to drink which was really good, love the mixing of the fruit juices. I had the turkey pastrami sandwich which comes on a pretzel roll which, from what I ate, was delicious. I just had my wisdom teeth removed and can only tolerate so much chewing, so unfortunately I couldn't finish but I have my leftovers in the fridge! Anyways, everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals, and we finished it all off with the apple monkey bread which was also very good. It's the kind of place that isn't really pricy but it adds up (between the four of us our bill was $100+, but that was also with apps and drinks, so it's really worth it. Plus the food is really good. I'll definitely be back.
3	This was our first food stop - night out on Scottsdale through word of mouth and recommendations.  It was alriiiiiight.  Cool scene.  Cool vibe.  OK food.  The burger was bomb.  Everything else such as the meats and cheeses were pretty good too.  The drinks are creative and cool and the setting is poppin.  So, ironically, it gets more props for their mixology versus the actual culinary from me.  And it's pricey.I'd be back for drinks and apps when back in town.
4	This is definitely the See-and-Be-Seen place in that Scottsdale corridor!   I usually opt for sitting outside as I'm easily entertained with what's going on out there.  Lots of eye candy for both sexes here!One thing you will notice right away is their huge drink list on the right hand side of the menu.  There are some really cool things to drink at CD and my personal favorite is the Ginger Margarita (El Matador) - Yum!!!  They also have an awesome wine and beer selection there on the back of the menu too.  I'm always so torn with "Do I have a great glass of wine or one of these yummy cocktails???"  Well the cocktail always wins out here!For appetizer, you MUST get the Pretzel Bread with the cheese fondue.  They bring out fresh, warm pretzel bread nuggets that you dip in a yummy cheese fondue sauce.  It is to die for and I get cravings for this every once in a while.  Tough to schlep over there for a craving when you live up by Desert Ridge!  I've also had the Mussels appie as well as the homemade potato chips and both were really very delish.Hubby and I have also done the Charcuterie and Cheese on the left in past visits and all were really wonderful with one of their nice glasses of red wines.For entree's, there is really nothing that can go wrong here.  It just depends what you're in the mood for.  The fried chicken is BOMB, the Pork Belly Cubano is delicious and the French Dip is one of my go to favorites.  This isn't a cheap place - i had the pretzel bread, the mussels and the margarita and it cost me $30 before tip.  I was my own expensive date!
3	Hit and miss at best.  I was excited to try Culinary Dropout because I've never had a bad experience with a Fox restaurant, but this one came up a bit short.  It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting, perhaps places like North and The Green House have set the bar a little too high.  First of all, the service wasn't great.  Our server was inattentive, and we spent most of the night getting drink refills and new silverware from another server, who was friendly and happy to help.Tried an assortment of food off the menu.  The anitpasti was excellent; I loved the selection of meats and cheeses and our ability to mix and match.  Next we had oysters on the half shell.  They were fantastic! After that we tried the gnocchi with Italian sausage.  They shouldn't call it gnocchi, it was more like mashed potatoes.  The whole dish was a bland, mushy mess.  The one saving grace of the dish were the large pieces of Italian sausage.  Finally we tried the cuban sandwich, which tasted good, but was nothing spectacular.  I'll be back at Culinary Dropout, if only for drinks and apps.  Any place with Moose Drool on tap is pretty good in my book.
5	I am surprised by the low ratings this place has gotten, because I had a wonderful experience here last night! Granted, it was a first date, so maybe the stars in my eyes had more to do with my companion(?) I really liked the open-ness of the place, the colors and low lighting. The chairs were pretty comfy too! Here's what happened:Unsure of what our future plans were, we started with the antipasto menu (not available in the bar, I heard). A couple of cheeses, veg's and meats were really fun to share and made for good first date food. After deciding we were too relaxed and close to the movie we planned to see, we ordered dinner. Holy hell- I cannot say enough about the butternut squash ~pure genious! It combined my absolute faves- butternut squash and ricotta cheese, along with some mushrooms and brussel sprouts (very small pieces-dont be afraid!) It was like dinner and dessert rolled into one. We also tried the spare rib pasta. It was good, but definitely overshadowed by the other main course. As first dates go, I found out that my companion has a sweet tooth, so bring on dessert-dessert! Our server ferverntly recommended the custard, whichis, as I had previously told my new-date, something that I absolutely adore! It came in a glass overflowing with carmel popcorn! The p-corn had nothn on the custard! OMG! SO great! Terribly rich though. We couldnt finish it. (but after everything else we had, its not a wonder why)Our server was amazing as well, she provided us with food ideas and always made sure our drinks were filled. She checked in to see that we were happy, but didnt bug us. It was a great experience and I would definitely go again!
3	08/25 and 12/16Happy hour on 8/25 consisted of a glass of the white wine cooler ($4) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=34jCdJZKJjarL7JHOetOSw#34jCdJZKJjarL7JHOetOSw and the daily special of a prosciutto platter ($7 or $8), http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=-_E1m8JIimhvg_07Ybt0bg#-_E1m8JIimhvg_07Ybt0bg both off of the HH menu.  The ice-cold wine cooler, made fresh-to-order right in front of me, went down pretty fast.  It was quite refreshing!  The prosciutto platter was just alright-- I really enjoyed the cheese included and made a note to try some of the cheese anitpasti in the future.  I couldn't really enjoy the peppers due to my sensitivity to various peppers.  Really liked the breadsticks and wished there were more included.The Pub Burger that I had on 12/16 was just spectacular!!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=bA2PL_4YlWE_N8PdStSfFg#bA2PL_4YlWE_N8PdStSfFg  It came w/ havarti and thick-sliced bacon, with mayo and BBQ sauce (I asked for it on the side), and came nestled in a sesame-topped pretzel bun... Yes, yes, yes!!  It was indeed just like "the scene" in When Harry Met Sally...  The fries were a huge disappointment.  I credit my server for quickly mending the situation w/ a fresh bowl of fries, but sadly, those fries were also pretty soggy.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=AibSQK9P8i3J6N23XsstTA#AibSQK9P8i3J6N23XsstTAI wish I could continue rating this establishment with 4 stars, but my last visit there had me reaching into my purse to retrieve and wear my iPod earbuds in an attempt to be able to understand what I was reading... it was so loud!  I liked the music that was playing, but the noise was unbearable.  My server promised to have it turned down, but it wasn't until halfway through my meal that this became a reality.  I also wanted to have a cocktail, but, ironically, my server couldn't hear me!  In the end, it was for the better, bec. I had eaten the whole patty, all of the bacon (crispy fat and all!), and most of the bun!  I was highly satisfied w/ my meal, and soon I was off to Camelview to enjoy a great movie!  ("Black Swan"- it's so erotic!  Go see it!)
3	Thank goodness someone took over what once was pink taco, aka yuck city, and turned it into something worth stopping in when in Scottsdale. Fox Concepts yet again has made a success and a place I think I will actually return to. To start with we had a delicious plate of cheese and meats from the anti pasta menu, along side with some marinated olives and bread w/ olive oil. Just enough to get our taste buds excited and just enough to have my boyfriend (who is not into fancy smancy stuff) say "give me some more".  These went nicely with our beers (they've got a great list), my mother's martini (which she seemed to enjoy), and my brother's gin on the rocks (he says they carry a gin that is very rare and delicious but the name didn't stick with me-sorry). All of our dinner plates were delicious; fried chicken w/ mashed tatters & biscuits (skin on chicken was a little on the salty side but very crunchy), salmon w/ apple and rice, grilled cheese sliders(who could mess those up?), chicken salad, prime rib dip (served with onion soup instead of au jus, yum yum), and the patato ghesicuto (pasta- I know I can't spell but it was yummy too). Around the table, everyone seemed pretty satisfied.My only criticisms would be that we were seating just to the side of the kitchen, enough to be able to look inside. I dig places that leave it open so you can watch your foot and the chefs are aware that the client is aware of whats going on BUT I did watch one man on the end prepare countless dishes without gloves on. He went from cutting and laying out proscuitto onto creating their carmel kettle corn dessert (scooping with bare hands), to setting out what appeared to be the fondue app. Yes, there can be worse things that happen in a restaurant but as someone who has worked in food service, it made me squirm a bit. I suppose that's why it's called Culinary Dropout....oh, and the music was a bit too loud for me. Great joint for out with friends on the way to the bar or I would think for happy hour but not for a family dinner (my Grandma had to barrow a flashlight from the waitress it was so dark).
4	I am a fan of every Fox Concepts restaurant that I have had the pleasure of visiting, but Culinary Dropouts is one of my favorites!!  I love the cool ambiance (plush overstuffed chairs, purple walls, massive chandaliers), and the patio area is seriously awesome.  Their happy hour is great (try the Saurkraut Martini - I swear by it), and their food is amazing.  This GastroPub serves your 'typical' bar food - with a suave twist.  Try the shaved prime rib sandwich with a cup of delicious french onion soup to dip it in.  Or try the butternut squash ravioli (soooo yummy).  Everything I have had off their menu, from apps to dinner to dessert (the monkey bread is fabulous - and NOT just because it has the word monkey in it) has been mouthwatering.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5	Not a disappointment.  I remembered the 1st time I came here I didn't think it was awesome but I remember it being good.  If I had remembered it being this good, I would've come back here several times last week.  We sat at the bar and shared a few things - I ordered the Moscow Mule at the bartender's suggestion and it was super tasty and the ginger root was fresh.  Bread & olive oil - served warm & nicely seasonedChef's salad - nice balance of dressing Short rib pasta - another recommendation - I thought it was good but it didn't knock my socks offSalted Caramel Custard - last recommendation - one well made!
4	I went here tonight with my coworkers and It was overall enjoyable. The food is very good, the waiter was very nice and the atmosphere is fun. The decor is very cool although it is dark in there. The music is load but i liked it. My only complaint is the dessert menu. They have these different ones but absolutely nothing with chocolate! I told the waiter I was going to yelp about it so I am. Not even a brownie! That was upsetting. But cool place to eat at overall. OH and good bloody mary's!!
5	One of the coolest places to eat in Old Town. If you are 20-35, you will love it. Ambiance is loud and fun. Servers are all attractive and dressed casually. The decor is unique and modern. This is my favorite Sam Fox restaurant. Food is comforting and familiar-- but usually with a twist. Beer selection is great--- wine selection pretty good.Great place to go with friends, on a date, or to pre-game before a hard night out.
5	My new favorite restaurant! I heard a lot about this place from friends and decided that I had to try it. I had the Butternut Squash Cannelloni with mushrooms and brussel sprouts on top of it. It was the best I ever had! At first, I thought it was a small portion, however it filled me up fast and was so fresh and tasty!I also had a Double Chocolate Stout and a beer from Kona, Hawaii. Both were great and the chocolate beer had a great chocolate aftertaste. My boyfriend had the Fried Chicken and it was glazed with a delicious and sweet honey spread and was a very large meal! He had two local beers that he enjoyed. The waiter was very friendly and made great recommendations. He was fantastic! There was also live, entertaining music. Great for a Friday night!For dessert we shared the Apple Monkey Bread (which is cooked fresh) and served with ice cream. It was delicious! I will definitely be back!
3	The atmosphere of this place is very cool; I really liked the layout and the decorations. Friendly staff as well. Had a good variety of drinks and food and their specialty house drinks were what we tried and they were good. Had the provolone fondue with pretzel bites, which were absolutely delicious. Perfect combo. The entrees are a lot of common foods, the only reason I did not give four stars since a lot of it were things you could get at a lot of places, they just had their own twist on it. We had the ribs, and the honey fried chicken. Both were good, but again  both common plates you can get a lot of places. Had dessert which was really good, recommend checking that out. Not a very expensive meal, good place to stop in and enjoy some drinks and apps.
4	I have been here twice now, and to me, it's for a certain crowd. First time I was here, I sat at the bar and ordered food to go. I had the acai mojito and it was a bit strange. I am a HUGE mojito fan, but it tasted a bit cough-syrup like. I had the strawberry cocktail next, and that one tickled my fancy. I took the pork cubano to go and  it was amazing.Went there last night and it was really great. The pretzels and fondue is to die for, so are the mussells. And, the monket bread is a MUST for dessert. Great food, fun vibe. More of a younger crowd, really adventurous cocktails, so leave gramma at home. Great decor, too. Oh, and the chairs are insanely comfortable. Gotta love that.
4	CD was actually a large amount better than I expected it to be.   Driving past it, I thought it was a cooking school for hipsters but once I found out it was actually a restaurant I was intrigued. I had a taste of the soft pretzel & provolone fondue which was awesome, and then for my entree I had the Short Rib Pasta which I wished would never end.   Seriously, I ate slowly so it felt like it lasted longer.  The only star I'm subtracting is for the over-the-top douchy ambiance, it's definitely tailored for a "certain crowd", which is a shame because the food was so good.   I would feel awkward bringing my parents to this restaurant.Its almost like they are trying too hard to try too hard.  Seacrest out.
3	Great place to grab a drink.  Great music:  Nirvana?  Radiohead?!  That is amazingly awesome.  I ate the Butternut Squash Cannelloni.  It was pretty tasty, but they could have given me actual chunks of brussel sprouts instead of shavings.  My bf got the fish and chips.  I was disappointed with the chips part of it--too thin.  The cheap white cloth napkins kept shedding little white bits all over our clothes.  Too weird.  Warning--this is not the place to have a romantic date, deep conversation, or even a relaxing meal; the music was quite loud, plus we were seated right next to the kitchen and continually heard orders being shouted.  There was also a shrieking baby that was way worse than all the other noises combined, but I imagine this occurrence is rare on a Saturday evening.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with how good my food was. No complaints with the meal that I had. I ordered the ricotta gnocchi with mushrooms, sausage and it was great.
4	I generally enjoyed my time at Culinary Dropout, though most was due to the wait staff. Our waitress was beyond rad. She was over enough to be attentive but not so much to seem pushy. She was funny and sweet and, frankly, quite a looker. I felt the urge to slip her my digits. But that is neither here nor there. Our appetizer, the soft pretzel bites with provolone fondue, was ridiculously good. The butternut cannelloni, however, was a little lackluster and I was disappointed in the limited vegetarian options. But the decor was cool and the music was awesome so I'm totally down to give it a second try. My fingers will be crossed in hopes of getting the same waitress.
2	The girls and I decided to try this place out after having a few drinks at the W one Friday night. We all heard great things and I think I was the only one that hadn't eaten here yet. It was crazy busy and we waited about 20 min. or so for a table, the bar was even packed so we hung outside in chairs near the front entrance. I decide to go for the burger and fries and my friend decides to go for some sort of fish dish and my other friend settled for the apple monkey bread. My burger was big but very bland and the fries were standard, I could have gone to In-n-out and saved some money. My friend's fish and veggies were undercooked and the server insisted that was one of their best dishes at the restaurant....really O_o...after sending it back one of the manager's did come out and say that the food was undercooked and took it off the bill and offered to make her something else but my friend declined. The best thing about the meal was my friend's apple monkey bread, I could have eaten tons of that stuff! Our server was extremely slow the entire time we were there and it took her almost 20 min. to bring our check after we requested it...we were 10 sec. away from complaining to the manager. First impressions are everything so I am very hesitant about trying this place out again...we shall see.
4	I like the decor, service from our waitress was good, (not so much for the table next to us) , and the menu had some great sounding dishes on it. Now for the food. Ok so THE PRETZEL WITH PROVOLONE CHEESE IS A MUST. The pretzels were a perfect golden brown with a nice crisp outside and warm and soft in the middle, and the cheese was so good. I think it was my favorite pretzel I have ever had. And I get pretzels and cheese everywhere cause I love them. I ordered the trout with green beans. The green beans were great the fish was OK. The sauce that came with the fish was a little weak in flavor otherwise it was good. The fish was cooked perfectly for sure but again little more seasoning for me. My girlfriend got the Cannelloni and butternut squash. We all shared a little bit so we could try everything and I have to say the Cannelloni was excellent. I liked it better then the fish for sure but it was equally as good to what my brother got. He ordered the pasta with short ribs in a tomato cream sauce. Meat was a little fatty but omg it was tender. The only thing bad about this is there were beans in it that were over cooked so it made the dish a little grainy. But overall the dish tasted great. We liked everything so much. I have heard a lot of good and bad things about this place but we were happy with everything and we will come back to see if they are consist ant. I say give it a try. Its weird cause they have a lot of TVs there so I'm not sure if they are trying to be a sports bar or what. Either way it was good!
5	Um hello? You're telling me that all my friends can run their tabs through the roof on expensive wine and I can order malt liquor in a bag for $1.50? I'm in. Very interesting menu and in a good way. I got the turkey pastrami on a pretzel roll and absolutely loved it. The pinnacle though should mean more coming from me because I don't care for sweets. Their dessert menu is out of this world. From caramel creme brule to monkey bread. I love this place and the live music that comes with it.
3	This is another entry from the Fox Restaurant Concepts folks. Typically, I find their restaurants to be a bit over-priced, over-hyped and uninspired. The prices here are better, for sure, but the menu is still....eh....blah. I sat and stared at it for an hour before we headed over and I truthfully wasn't that interested in eating anything on the menu. It's not that creative and healthy is a bit lacking. However, that being said, the staff is wonderful, and what they do have the menu, they do well.I wish their happy hour went until 7 but that's alright, the wine and beer list is extensive and the prices are fair. I don't know that I would pay what they were asking for their cocktails, though. My husband had the chicken hash which was exactly as described and was a pretty good, authentic hash. I would love if they used Yukon golds or red potatoes instead of russets since russets tend to get a little mealy but the flavors were good. I had the artichoke salad and had grilled chicken added to it no problem. This was very good, very light and very large! I got a dinner, a snack and a lunch out of this. The veggies are very, very thinly sliced so you get very subtle hints of the endive and the asparagus as well as the artichokes and the dressing is a nice, light, vinegar and oil (I'm thinking cider vinegar based on a subtle sweetness). We did have the soft prezel appetizer which was good. I would prefer them to change their presentation on this one, though. The fondue put is far too large for the amount of cheese they give you (the amount of cheese is fine) but it looks silly reaching down to the bottom of the oversized pot. The melted provolone had a lovely texture, was not lumpy or thick and was a perfect compliment to the sea-salted pretzel bites. We split it amongst three and didn't finish it all. Overall, ambiance is good, staff is friendly, service is quick and the food is decent. I just wish the menu had a little more oomph or something that made you go "Oh! I HAVE to try that!!" I wouldn't come back here on my own but if a friend suggested it again as happened last night, I wouldn't say no.
4	I recently went here with my friends for a late night dinner on a Saturday night. I like the ambiance of the place. There was a live band and they were all right, but I found them to be a bit loud and made it difficult to talk to the people at the same table. The drinks here were really awesome. I really enjoyed the clown punch. The dirty school girl was also really good. The wait staff was really attentive and would check up on us every so often that we rarely found ourselves without want, but not so attentive that we found ourselves annoyed. The food was all right. I ordered the fish and chips here. And it was just all right in my opinion. I prefer a thinner filet of fish so I get the crispness rather than the softness when getting into the meat of the filet. The real highlight, for me, was the dessert. They have an awesome apple monkey bread that is made to order and served with vanilla ice cream. Now I'm not one to like to eat fruit, especially apple, in my desserts, but this was just so good. I'll go back again just to top off dinner with the monkey bread :)
5	I got the pleasure of having a work luncheon at Culinary Dropout and since they were trying to impress us food and service was impeccable. Got to try lots of menu items and the manager talked about each one. It was clear he (along with all the staff we interacted with) were truly passionate about the restaurant and the food (and drinks) served. He made it seem that top notch service was their top priority and they would bend over backward to please guests. Of course hearing things like this are common in these types of situations where they are hosting our luncheon. However, I went back there a week or so later on a (very late) Friday night and was pleased to discover my experience was just as good even when they thought I was just a "regular" guest. Our server, Jesse, was probably the best server I've ever had. The kitchen was already closed when we arrived but he gladly managed to whip us up some of their infamous monkey bread despite this fact. Which paired perfectly with the chocolate stout canned beer. All in all, huge kudos to culinary dropout for practicing what they preach.
4	This place is one of the cutest/coolest restaurants that I have been to. The overall ambiance is great w/ the unique furniture, trendy dressed waiters/waitresses the rock music in the background.... As for the food, it was pretty good. We did order their famous pretzel & cheese fondue, but I was a bit disappointed because the fondue looked like it was half eaten because they didn't fill the pot up all the way. They should at least get smaller pots OR fill it up all the way! haha! i also had the turkey pastrami on a pretzel bun... The pretzel bun really made the sandwich unique & delicious! AND they also brought out a complimentary dessert because my cousins food came out late. The dessert was soooo delicious! it was some sort of butterscotch custard w/ caramel popcorn! YUM!
5	Yum!  Oh my God - if I lived here I would be a groupie!Very cool vibe here and really good food!They offer an antipasti menu that works very similar to a sushi menu. You select items and they bring them out on a platter (or in our case two).  We had an assortment of cheeses (highlights were the manchego cheese and the olives) roasted peppers and tomatoes, and it came with bread.  For dinner I had the butternut squash cannelloni with mushrooms and brussels sprouts.  The only thing I could to improve this was to put actual brussels sprouts, not just some leaves, into this dish - otherwise it was perfection on a plate.  If I could I would have picked up and licked my plate clean - the sauce it's in was so good.  Almost forgot - I ordered a strawberry with basil martini which was also very good. Apparently the bartenders are award winning mixologists.  The downside for us was our server was really bad. He was nice and friendly, but I don't think he knew what he was doing and seemed to disappear for long periods.  At one point he came back to our table to explain that he brought the wrong drink for someone at our table. Who by the way was drinking it without complaining.  The waiter sat down the correct drink and then nervously apologized, and said "I'm sorry, but I have to take this" and took the half consumed "wrong" drink.  But, the food was so good that I just don't care - and am eagerly awaiting my next trip to Scottsdale!
5	Our day started out well enough - spent the morning at the Farmer's Market, ran up to the mall to do some shopping, and decided on lunch. We initially wanted to give Modern Steak a go. We walked in and 4 employees hung around the hostess desk chit chatting, and when we asked to be seated they told us they didn't open for another 30 minutes. Their attitude was kind of snotty, so we (gladly) left and walked over to our second choice, Culinary Dropout.Again, we were early, but what a different experience. The host greeted us with a huge, welcoming smile and we were immediately seated, despite arriving before the actual opening time. The kitchen was ready, and our waitress, Britney, was absolutely lovely.We ordered antipasti: a gorgeous smoky cheese, with some prosciutto and grissini, and bread with olive oil. Fabulous! Then, the homemade chips and dip were brought. Perfect! We split a salad (that had pickled sour apples, which, let me tell you, were the stars of the dish). Excellent.But nothing ... and i mean NOTHING ... could top dessert. Salted Caramel Custard.I still dream about it. Between the gorgeous decor, exceptional service and yummy food, Culinary Dropout is definitely a new favorite lunch spot.
2	For me, Culinary Dropout was just OK.  Nothing was actually wrong, but it felt like the brainchild of a restaurant group that it is.  The decor is is retro like all new restaurants are these days - tufted banquettes and wing chairs - not like the sleek modern restaurants I normally associate with Scottsdale. And the menu is of course comfort food - again like every other new restaurant.  Sandwiches, fried chicken, even a potato chip/onion dip appetizer. (Haven't had that for at least 25 years.)  Four of us went for dinner during a girls weekend on Sunday night and it really wasn't that busy considering it's high season in Phoenix.  All the food was uniformly good but nothing was terribly original or different.I'm surprised it won a best new restaurant award from Phoenix Magazine last year.  Then again, new restaurants were few and far between last year in Phoenix.  If your goal is comfort food done well, you'll probably like this place.  And the prices are certainly more reasonable than its big sister across the street, Modern Steak.
5	This place just exudes cool.  I wish I was 20, maybe 30 years younger as this is a hot spot.  Stage - live music, great food, and just alot of fun.  I aspire to play there one night and find at least one groupie that wants to hang with me!
4	Good food. Good prices. Good looking wait staff. Hostess was really nice and really cute. Service is fantastic. I come back yes.
3	For Happy Hour & appetizers I give it 4 stars. But our meals were not worthy of more than 3.  I had a very bland prime rib dip with an overly sweet french onion au jus.Burger and ribs....average.  Now the fried chicken looked good and the pretzel balls with cheese fondue were fun.Specialty drinks with school themed names like "Dirty School Girl"....very fun!  Mind you their all about $10 each, yes just for 1 drink.  That's Scottsdale for you.  High rent has to be paid!
3	We went on a Saturday and waited an hour for a table...long wait but fun drink options at the bar.  I had the pisco painkiller (reminiscing pisco from my trip to peru) and it was really good! Plan on most drinks being $8-10. I also had the Brazilianaire which had pomegranate foam that was really tasty. There was live music inside, which was good but too loud to have table talk. Prices are reasonable for the food (appetizers $2-7 and dinners $10-20). The fettuccine was good but not amazing. They had really beautiful massive chandeliers and neat decor. The bathroom fixtures are worth checking out too :P
5	The decor is inviting, like having dinner at Z Gallerie! The food was out of this world. I had the crunchy shrimp caesar salad and the two dollar olive oil and bread app. It was fantastic. The service was impeccable. The staff was friendly. The bathrooms are super cute!
4	This is a GREAT gastropub with an atmosphere that sets up a fun night out. I wanted to try something from the local brewery, so I got an Epicenter Ale made by the SanTan Brewing Company. Off the tap, the beer had a nutty flavor, a little malty, and not very bitter. It was okay.  The bartender also gave me a slice of bacon when requested for my friend to nibble on during the long wait.Ah yes, the long wait. We were told 15-30, and actually hit an hour. It was Spring Training, so I understand the wait time, but just tell us an hour! They made up for it by giving us free pretzel balls and fondue and a side of roasted beets. If eating cheese didn't make my stomach hate me, I'd probably just order a bowl of that fondue and eat it with a spoon. I split the Roasted Chicken Salad which came with apples, pistachios and gorgonzola on mixed greens with a light dressing. Very good. And such a generous portion!  It was the size of almost two entree salads.For an entree, I ordered the Butternut Squash Cannelloni, which was decadent in a buttery sauce. They could have been more generous with the mushrooms and brussels sprouts, but I will admit that the cannelloni was plentiful.If I were to ever go to Spring Training again, I would definitely hit up Culinary Dropout again.
5	My wife and found this place last summer when we first moved here to PHX.  We had the soft pretzels and fondue which was amazing.  The sweet corn Cannelloni is one of the greatest things I have ever eaten... in my life.  Go here.P.S. Get dessert too.  Monkey bread and the carmel custard will make you drool.
4	Culinary Dropout is located near PF Changs and Wildfish across the street from Scottsdale Fashion Square. You can find free parking in the garage underneath the restaurant. Don' let them sucker you into valeting. which is located just before the garage entrance. They serve happy hour specials throughout the restaurant. The service is a bit slow. We ordered the pretzels and fondue app to start and it took forever to come out to us. I thought we would get it with our dinner, luckily the fried chicken took so long that it wasn't something we really should have worried about. In all fairness they did warn me that it would take awhile, which I appreciated and did take forever but I was craving fried chicken after being out in the sun all day so I was going to get it damn it. So worth the wait. It was crispy deliciousnesseses. The pretzels and fondue were good too, but you don't get enough pretzels to scoop out all the yummy cheese.  I have only sat outside so I didn't notice the loud music. Sit outside if you want to catch some great people watching (or car watching in Mike's case) from the patio and you want to be able to hear your dinner mate(s).
3	I almost gave this place 4 stars for the ambiance and atmosphere. We went here with a group of friends right after the restaurant had first opened. I was a bit disappointed with the food. I found it was too salty for my preference.
2	I came here with a Bachelorette Party last weekend. We put our name on the list and the hostess said it would be 15-30 minute wait for a table for 8. it ended up taking over an hour. We were given complimentary pretzel balls and fondue at our table as an apology for the long wait. The pretzel and fondue dish was delicious! definitely one of the best things we had on the table the entire night. I ordered the salmon which was ok but the portion was very small. Someone ordered the gnocchi which was not good. The cannelloni was good but the portion was small...again. The salads were large and very good. To sum up the food, it was OK but not great and we were all still hungry after we left the restaurant.The music playing was also extremely loud. You can barely have a conversation in the place. We were very happy when the live music started. It was a nice touch and the band was very good.The ambiance is OK. Beautiful long tables and leather couches and gorgeous chandeliers. I hate giving this place a bad review, but I would never spend $$$ to eat here again.
3	Stopped in for a drink and a pre-dinner snack on a Wednesday evening. The place was very trendy and full of beautiful hipsters. I sat at the bar and was served promptly. They had a really interesting cocktail menu as well as a great beer and wine by the glass selection. I ended up getting the Velvet Death which had Death's Door Gin, Velvet Falernum, Lemon, Cointreau and Absinthe. A fantastic cocktail.I wanted something substantial for a snack but not a real full meal. They had a good selection of cheeses and charcuterie but I was a bit disappointed by their appetizer selection. Seemed to lack substance and favored fried bar items. While it is a gastropub and it looked far more like a traditional restaurant so I was expecting more. The sandwiches and entrees looked very promising and I ended up getting a Chicken Hash which was roasted potatoes and sauteed chicken with onions that is covered in a light brown gravy. This is topped with two fried eggs and a bit of shaved truffle. The dish looked amazing and I loved the ingredients. Unfortunately, it lacked flavor. I didn't taste the truffles at all, despite ingesting obvious chunks of them. As a truffle fan this was particularly disappointing. The gravy was also very bland. I wish there would have been a bit more chicken in the chicken hash as well. Very skimpy portions. That being said, the eggs and potatoes were cooked perfectly and were really delicious and saved the dish.While I only got a small taste of things at Culinary Dropout, it showed real promise. I'd definitely go back and give it another shot. My one concern is that which I had for many "trendy" places in Scottsdale in that it is a bit too trendy, clubby and clique-y. Since it was relatively early on a mid-week night and I sat at the bar I was able to get service but I got the feeling that might not be the case all the time.All in all, the bit of food I had was good (with promise) and the drink was wonderful.
5	I went here for my most recent birthday and thought it was delicious! I am a big fan of the Fox restaurants, and I really dug the vibe of this one. It's casual brew pub meets fine dining and that is right up my alley. The location is perfect. There were chandeliers on the ceiling yet we had dish rags to place in our laps for napkins. Funny. I liked knowing that everything on the menu would be less than 20 dollars, so it wouldn't break the bank too. I highly recommend that anybody try the pretzel fondue. It was SO good. My boyfriend and I really liked the furniture, it seemed like it was straight out of an old hotel or something. It was cool. I tried the clown punch, it was tasty and a really good price! A lot of people complain of a wait to get in, but we were seated in less than 5 minutes on a Saturday night, so I can't say we had any problems with that at all. Way to go Sam Fox, this restaurant is a winner! :)
3	A restaurant with a good theme inside a mall.I haven't spent much time in AZ, so I don't know how it compares to other establishments, but when I go to a restaurant inside a mall, I expect food for the masses.The menu had good selection across many different varieties/genres of food. The drinks were eclectic and well prepared. The food the same.The patrons were mixed - from Coco Crisp on Spring Training from the Oakland A's, to 20's and 30's to snowbirds in retirement.Outdoor seating with a bar facing the outdoor seating was nice.
4	I went here on a Friday night, and it's a great place to grab a drink and some excellent appetizers. The crowd was very trendy and the inside is upscale. It's located near the Scottsdale Waterfront, and the downside of the location is the parking. We ended up parking at the parking garage that is located across from Olive and Ivy. It was free, and only a short walk. We had a bit of a wait, and Friday nights tend to have louder and busier, for it was a nice place to start out for the evening.
1	Went to Culinary Dropout last night for dinner. It was my first time eating at this restaurant..and I have to say I was sadly disappointed. The restaurant wasn't very busy due to it being a Monday night around 9pm. We ordered Soft Pretzels with Cheese Fondue for appetizer..how you screw up bread and cheese I have no idea. The pretzel bites were burnt almost to a crisp, and the "cheese fondue" they bring you to dip the pretzels in was almost non-existent. There was barely enough cheese to dip two pretzel bites in (they give you about 8)For our main entrees we chose the Ribs and Prime Rib Dip sandwich.The ribs were mediocre, they came with a side of coleslaw which was mostly just mayonnaise, and fries that were also burnt.The Prime Rib Dip was on soggy bread with way too much mayonnaise. The "Prime Rib" was so minimal you couldnt see the meat when holding the sandwich. It was just all bread. Also came with fries that were burnt. Also not enough ketchup on either plate for fries. Our bill was $65 and we were both sorely disappointed in the service of our waitress and the quality of food. Save yourself money and eat at Denny's. Honestly  the same quality. NOT A HIGH END RESTAURANT. Food sucks, will never eat here again.
3	I have visited Culinary Dropout over a handfu of times.  I give 5 stars for the pretzel and cheese fondue as well as the homeade carmel corn but the other dishes I have tried have just been o.k.  I will be back for my favorites but I probably will not venture to try anything new.
4	Lunch wasn't bad here. Actually it was damn good. This review had been sitting in my bookmarks for a while, but don't know why I never got around to writing it...ANYWAY, I came in for lunch with some former co-workers a while back.Our server was friendly, and gave us some fantastic recommendations on the menu. He wasn't negative about what he didn't like. He was more curious about things we liked, and worked off of that. Smart guy. I had the honey drizzled fried chicken and the pretzels with cheese fondue. Sounds very unhealthy. And it was. But it was DAMN good! Now thinking about it, most of my party had the same thing.I could see this place becoming a mess on weekends, but on a weekday, this place was the jam. Everything tasted great. Service was great. I didn't really have high expectations going in, so it's nice to be surprised and delighted. Holler.
2	Culinary Dropout is one of those places that just doesn't live up to the expectations that it sets. From the outside, one would imagine that it's probably a pub-type place. Lots of bar food, great happy hour, etc. It's even super dark on the inside with dark woods, black chandeliers and a stage for a band, giving it a Scottsdale chic, but semi-dive type of feel. But the menu just leaves me scratching my head wondering where the heck it came from.For starters, the appetizer list is relatively short and un-appetizer like, especially for a place that seems to be paying homage to bar food. Note: French onion soup should not and does not qualify as an appetizer, nor does "Yesterday's Soup." Other options included oysters and mussels--two other dishes that seem out of place for the "pub" disguise. There was a long list of cheeses and meats, but that also seemed out of place for a pub. Perhaps I'd appreciate that selection had I been at a wine bar?Alas, I was able to find two items on the menu that seemed to correlate with the atmosphere--pretzels and fish & chips. The soft pretzels and provolone fondue appetizer is very delicious, as you'd expect any bread and cheese combination to be. The pretzels were small, soft bites and the fondue reminded me of Velveeta, but less salty. The fish & chips, were was pretty much exactly what you'd expect for fish & chips out at a pub. Thin cut fries, cole slaw, tartar sause, crispy fish fillets. Nothing special, but not bad.Frankly, I don't understand why the place is so dang popular. It was packed with Scottsdale nightlife, so it makes me wonder if most people come for the bar and to say that they're partying at the Scottsdale "Waterfront." I probably wouldn't go back there, unless I had a real hankering for some pretzels and cheese.
4	This place is pretty cool! The atmosphere is wonderful! I love the chandeliers and the chairs are huge and comfy! We came in to have drinks and watch the ncaa tourney, and we ended up ordering food! Whoever thought of grilled cheese sliders with bacon is a genius!  Great place to drink, eat and watch a game!
2	Eh...its okay.  Had the salmon, thought it was good.  The appetizers are good, the PBR in a paper bag a little tongue in cheek.  I think the problem is, that this place is too trendy and the food is just too average for me to want to push through the crowd to try and secure a dinner spot.  Its super loud inside and the bar is extremely crowded.  Everyone is pretty.  Not complaining, just saying that I wish the food was just as pretty.  The menu is a mish mash of comfort food and whatever trendy restuarant ingredient is hot that week.  Still, its nice to have another option when you're scratching your head and wonderfing where to go when you are next to the mall.
3	Love the environment, like the food, dislike the service.I am in love with all of the Fox restaurants and I have gone to Culinary Dropout quite a few times. I always get the pretzel and provolone appetizer and the grilled cheese. Both to die for. They also have a lot of unusual drinks that are quite tasty! I do, however, have to say that it is not worth hitting up for happy hour. There are only a few items to choose from and most of the drinks are still full price. I went with a friend recently and we, of course, ordered the pretzel and provolone appetizer. When we got our bill, we noticed that we were charged full price for the appetizer when it was supposed to be half price. When we asked our waitress, she said "OH...I did not realize that you guys were here for happy hour. You see, the happy hour version of the appetizer is half the SIZE which is why it is half the price. You guys got the full size so it is full price." Does this seem weird to anyone else? When you order an appetizer at 3pm on Friday afternoon isn't it implied that you are wanting happy hour? And is it really even a "deal" if you are getting 1/2 the quantity anyway? Weird.
3	The decor was fun, but the background music was really odd. The music was too loud to have an easy conversation over.The food and drink looked really fun from the menu, and were good, but not good enough to rave about.I may go back, but there are a lot of other places I would try before then.--Find a different mix of music please! And turn it down, I'm only 24, don't make me complain like an old grouch! --
5	This is my boyfriend and my new favorite restaurant.  We had a few cocktails, a little antipasti, the ribs and the butternut squash ravioli.  Everything was just great.  I had a whiskey cocktail, of which they have about 4 on the menu, and really enjoyed it.  As a whiskey lover who is not yet badass enough to drink it straight, it was wonderful to see actual house cocktails with whiskey that were nuanced and mild, and still let you taste the liquor. Both of our dishes were perfect and came in adequate servings and at the end of the night the bill was more than reasonable for the type and amount of food we enjoyed.  I honestly would have paid a lot more for it..  We went on a Saturday night and waited just long enough to have a cocktail at the bar first.  Our server was nice and although he only came by once, we had everything we needed and no complaints.
4	I've been here twice, once for happy hour and once for dinner. If you can get there early enough for happy hour and get a seat outside, it's great. Comfortable seating, interesting people watching and pretty good service. The soft pretzel & fondue are very tasty as was the cheese plate. When I went for dinner I had the ricotta gnocchi, which was pretty good, but not great. I wouldn't go back for dinner again, but I did enjoy my HH experience.
4	I've yet to visit a Fox restaurant that I didn't like, and Culinary Dropout is no different. The laid-back cool feel, eerily good looking staff, and funky decor make for a fun Happy Hour or dinner spot in Scottsdale. As usual, everything is tasty, and starting with the pretzel bread fondue will not disappoint. Burgers, salads...all the entrees are sturdy and good, but the stars are really the appetizers and the drinks. Feeling adventurous (or cheap)? Get the paper bag special...a "mystery" cheap beer served in a tiny, can-sized paper bag.
4	Really, really good food. Some similar items to Arrogant Butcher (both Fox Restaurants)...Once again, I had the pretzel fondue which consists of this yummy hot cheese in a little pot, accompanied by these absolutely to-die-for "pretzels" . These pretzels are NOT the box variety, but little baby loaves of pretzel bread, which I have now started day-dreaming about...In addition, I had the turkey pastrami sandwich (also on a pretzel bun) and it was perfectly wonderful. My husband had the ribeye, which was sliced and had a delish blue cheesey sauce on the bottom. He loved it (I snagged a bite, it was mightly good!). This is was weekend night, and the place was packed with beautiful young people all decked out (well,except for us, that is). The music was a little bit loud (like bar loud) for me, but the food will be calling me back...not to mention that fabulous pretzel bread...
1	Proof that you can market and sell anything with a catchy name. Lame happy hour, flavorless food, inattentive staff that's trying to look like an American apparel add. If this wasn't a Fox concept in the heart of Old Town it would of closed its doors 6 months ago.
2	Cool server. The place was full of Scottsdale  douchbags and way to over priced hints all the douchbags. Hey if douchbags is your thing then this is the place for you.
5	First time here, new favorite. You can create your own antipasti plate, and the pretzels and fondue are AMAZING. Also the ricotta gnocchi is the best I have ever had. Service was good, Liz was our waitress and she was very friendly and helpful. Monkey bread is also stellar. I cannot wait to go back.
5	I just got back from vacation in Scottsdale and this place was recommended to me and I have to tell you I was not disappointed.  From the time I sat down to the time I left, it truly was a great experience.  Had the Blueberry lager, which was great.  Had the pretzel nuggets and provolone fondue, which I have to tell you, YOU MUST TRY IT.  I know its just pretzels and fondue but everything is made on premise so its extremely fresh.  I had the short ribs with orecchiette pasta and I am telling you, I wish I had the receipe because I have never tasted anything like it.  I am still craving it and its been almost two weeks I am back home.  I finished with the salted caramel custard, and I was again not disappointed.  I had to share dessert as I was extremely full.  The dessert was topped with freshly popped caramel popcorn.  It doesn't get better than this.  I also had the dirty schoolgirl martini's and they were very good as well.  Staff was great and I truly recommend this place.  Now only if I can get that short rib recipe I would be so happy!
4	Best Bloody Mary's!  And if you haven't tried the Turkey Pastrami on a Pretzel roll with cole slaw, you are MISSING OUT!
5	Really liked this place.  The parking situation is a pain but the atmosphere, food, and pricing were great.  The live music was a bonus.  The appetizers were excellent.  The drink prices were reasonable.  Very friendly and helpful staff.
5	Good food, good service, great ambiance.
4	Would have gave five stars if the service was better. But great food and lots of drink selections.
4	Now, a somewhat dinner review.My out of town visitor said she wanted a place like Buffalo Wild Wings, but better. And she wanted beer. I said...ok. Culinary Dropout it is.Last night, we were promptly seated, ordered our beverages, and then got the pretzels and cheese fondue. Absolutely amazing. As always. It was my day off from the gym, so I said..."What the hell!"Instead of ordering entrees, we decided to order a place of prosciutto, sun dried tomatoes, and some manchego cheese, served with crostinis.Everything was flavorful. The sun dried tomatoes were perfectly marinated, the manchego was at just the right temperature, and the prosciutto was finely sliced like a delicate piece of angel paper. What the hell is angel paper? I have no idea. I am just free-writing. Go with it.Bottom line, you will never go wrong here. Appetizers, Entrees, Charcuterie....anything. This is your spot. Service is a tad spotty in the evening, but I suppose that CAN be a good thing if you are in a good conversation.
4	I totally get it. Those of you that don't... think about it.  Culinary, Dropout.   The food here is delicsh.   An awesome take on food we already know and love.   It's not traditional bar food... it's high quality and well thought-out bar food.   It's what we seek when wanting a break from the normal grease bomb fried beer burger bar joints.   It's like saying *$@% to the traditional, then keeping what's great and making the rest your own.
4	Went here during spring training. I like the atmosphere and the food. However, the hostesses need to learn how to estimate timing a little better. They told us (we were a group of 8.. so quite large, I know) 30 minutes. We were fine to wait 30 minutes.. the 2 hour wait was a little irritating. They did make up for it with their soft pretzels & provolone Fondue, which I might say was damn good. I ordered the ricotta gnocci which was also amazing. The portions are quite large, so I didn't get to finish. I'm definitely going back when I hit up spring training next year. And next year I'll be with boys so they'll be able to order in very (VERY) large portions.
3	no outside tables available on a Sat night so we opted for immediate seating indoors. The best way that I can describle the vibe is edgy. Conversation can be a bit challanging due to the noise level. Our waiter was very friendly anf enthusiastic. He was right on the money with the soft pretzels with cheese fondue. Amazing. Very creative menu. I tryed the gnocci with sausage and mushrooms. The gnocci were light and delicious but they were overwhelmed by too much sausage. I give an A for creativity and a C for execution. No drinks or deserts
5	The drinks and food were great. The pretzel and cheese fondue was amazing.
4	Yes, 4 stars for the reason you go to a restaurant: Food!Quality was good.  Atmosphere was Trendy Scottsdale.  Love the name and well executed theme of the name throughout - menu, tables, decor, employee uniform etc.Food was really tasty, Pretzel fondue hit the spot.  Monkey Bread was great, seasonings on the entrees were done with tasteful restraint.Waitress was cute as a bug's ear, although she did forget part of our order; to her partial defense, the place was packed but I would have liked to try the forgotten appetizer.The Death's Door adult beverage was a perfect concoction: I want a large pitcher with a long flexible straw . . . floor here I come!  But for $10 bucks it better be darn good.I was not surprised to learn that this restaurant was part of the Fox Family of restaurants as my other experiences with them have all been top notch (Olive & Ivy, Bloom, Sauce).Fun place, I will go back if nothing else to try more tasty food.Final Rating: 4.3
5	Warm, soft pretzels and gooey provolone fondue, are you f*ng kidding me?? Ahhh, to die for!Thirteen of us went there for lunch after my nephew's graduation from ASU and had a superb experience. First, we didn't have a reservation, just walked in cold. We were immediately seated at a large, dark wooden table surrounded by comfy chairs, in the space between the bar and the kitchen (foodie's heaven). The hostess and our servers were super nice, friendly, and knowledgeable.  A bacon-infused Bloody Mary made its way to my place setting, and  my oh my, it was delish! Just what the doctor ordered!  We noshed on those pretzels and fondue, along with plates of oysters (which I can't review since I'm allergic. Dammit.).  I had the fish and chips, which were fresh, crunchy and properly served with vinegar and slaw.  Others had salads, burgers, chicken fried steaks...everybody raved about their dishes, and everything looked great.Service was perfect and a great time was had by all.
3	We started out the day headed to Comicon but after seeing the CA-RAZY long line, we changed our minds. The BF suggested we go to Fashion Square to shop...WOOT!  We found this place almost by accident, just driving by and the name caught my eye...definitely happy we stopped here for lunch! The waiter was prompt, pleasant and efficient. Our food was excellent. I got the Spring veggie salad -- so fresh with an awesome vinaigrette! The BF got an amazing Pub Burger -- so big and juicy (but he immediately picked off the tomato)! I wanted to order the 12-hr Roasted Tomatoes and "Crusty bread w/ good Olive oil" for an appetizer. The tomatoes almost tasted like they were kinda pickled...and they were cold, which we didn't expect, but SO tasty! Sweet just like candy! BTW...It was after ordering this that I witnessed a first...THE BF ACTUALLY ATE THESE TOMATOES! Now THAT is saying something! I was totally blown away and actually took a picture! :o) With such a diverse menu, there is something for everyone...the little "checklist" appetizer menu was kind of neat in my opinion. Roasted beets, different little tapas-like meats and cheeses, crusty bread w/Olive oil...you could make a meal out of all that stuff alone! Tons of different drink options is always a plus too...even though I didn't get a drink at lunch, I saw LOTS of different ones I would have liked to try if it hadn't been 2:00 in the afternoon! All in all, I was very pleased and would definitely go back. There are so many more interesting things to try!
4	This is a definite gastropub with a chic gothic rocker vibe.  The decor is a mixture of wood, velvet, and metal. I'd come here to just sit and stare in awe at the fabulous decor and details, like the huge chandeliers...but I'd easily get distracted with the enticing food and drink options on their menu.  Me and the boyfriend also came here to eat and drink while visiting a friend in Scottsdale. For appetizers we ordered the potato chips and mussels which were both good. It wasn't until we finished off the food before I realized everyone around us ordered the pretzel fondue...oops!  Next time that'll be on the to-do list!  Needless to say we filled our bellies with drinks and finished off our night with some ooey gooey apple monkey bread :)
4	Great ambiance, and sometimes live music! Get the pretzel bites appetizer and the bloody mary's! Great girls night/happy hour/date night spot.
3	I went there for lunch, haven't done happy hour/dinner yet but will let you know soon.antipasta list to create your desired tapas plate, great salads to choose from- portions were OK. I got the prime rib shaved dip sandwich, unfortunately there was more bread than meat- words of advice- at least match it up to creat a balance. My friends had the filet- 4 oz- they should provide options (4-6-8), mussels were absolutely great- recommend definitely. Service was great and friendly. They also offer happy hour mon-fri 3-6pm, and nightly entertainment - bands, solo artist, etc.
3	I went here tonight for a girlfriends birthday. Food was great. Our server was attentive but it did take a while to get our food and drinks.I highly recommend the soft pretzels with fondue, so yummy! Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I had the Sweet Corn Cannelloni; the flavors were very rich and I was happy to see they had several vegetarian options. We also got to choose a complimentary desert, and had the Monkey Bread. Sounded so-so but was delicious. Also, I love decor! Comfy chairs, that are different at every table and the gorgeous chandeliers make it feel very upscale.My only complaints would be the amount of time we waited to get our food/drinks, it was pretty loud, a bit too dark, and the portions were fairly small for the price.
4	I loved the vegetarian options here, including the Sweet Corn Cannelloni. That was amazing. I think there was white asparagus involved, but I can't be sure. Regardless, I think the prices are a bit high, but I'll put up with it for more of that amazing goodness. Love the atmosphere and comfy chairs as well. It's not often my husband and I can BOTH find a place we agree on. Visited twice, once when we first moved to AZ with my hubby's new co-workers, and once later as a family. Both times were great. I did not give it 5 stars because I think although service was adequate, it should have been better.
3	After eating here for dinner three times, I've decided that I won't come back--at least not for dinner. I was impressed the first time by the trendy, swanky atmosphere and great selection of antipasti starters (you can create your own platter of meats, cheeses, and veggies). But the dinner menu isn't that great or plentiful. The list of salads and sandwiches outnumbers the list of entrees. Maybe I'll like it better if I try it for lunch next time.
2	I went here with Friends. All my friends and I use Yelp, at the end of the meal taking cost into perspective we all came to this is a 2 star place. The service was a 4, the food was a 3, but the ambiance would be a negative star. They had a band playing that was a good band, but the restaurant does not have the proper acoustics and it was too loud. In conclusion we would go back, but when the band is not playing. The beer selection at this place is very good. The burgers were great. The pretzel fondue was good.  The service and wait staff are excellent.  If it was not for the loud band I would give this 4 stars.
3	The decor is a site to see. Different materials, such as wood metal and even velvet make it an interesting place to visit.  Other than that, its just another restaurant with somewhat of an overpriced menu, especially for alcohol ( My chicken salad was $12, and mojito was $9).  If you can stay away from the booze, it will definitely save you some cash.  The chicken salad was average at best, as well as the service.
2	I'm so over this place. I've given it so many chances, and it's just.so.mediocre. Food is bleh, drinks are expensive, atmosphere is pretentious. I know it's Scottsdale, and I'm all about the trendy, fabulous feel. But you have to deserve the crowd by delivering tasty food, good drinks, and on-top-of-it service. Culinary Dropout definitely dropped out of school when those topics were being taught. Time to restructure, Fox Restaurants.
1	Just not impressed... My salad sucked. I ended up sharing my 2 year old's grilled cheese.
4	My favorite from the Fox Restaurant Group, and the reason (along with the W Scottsdale) I am always ok with traveling to Arizona, even in the oppressive heat.Went there the first time with others and we (even my pretzel-hating self) loved loved loved the soft pretzels and provolone fondue as a starter.  The kitchen accidentally prepped an extra order of black mussels, and we reaped the benefits (as an aside, always be nice to your server.  Actually, just be nice to everyone).All of the entrees were great, but standouts were the sweet corn cannelloni and the extraordinarily decadent fried chicken.  To drink -- get the Moscow Mule. Then switch to the Home-Ec Martini.  Drink with abandon.I went back by myself once and had just as amazing a meal sitting at the bar for happy hour.  I followed the same drinking rotation, but switched things up and enjoyed a different meal (two words: Grilledcheesesliders. Withtomatoandbacon).  Total noms.As an aside, the outdoor patio is a total scene at night.  It's pretty amazing.
5	The food and service is awesome.  You must try the pretzels with provolone cheese they are the best.   I have had the fried chicken and cuban before must haves.  The wife had the grilled cheese sliders she loved them.  Get the caramel popcorn for dessert.  One to eat there and one to take home.  Great prices great eats.  Oh yeah you can get beer in a paper bag for like 2 bucks........
4	When we were headed here our hosts described it as a place vampires might hang out. One look at the decor and you can see what they mean. The place is ensconced in purple velvetBy the time we arrived we'd already been on a tasting tour of Scottsdale and the surrounding area but we wanted to taste something on the CD menu. All I wanted was some vegetables! The husband suggested the Seared Tuna Salad ($14) with ginger vinaigrette, wasabi peas, and an assortment textural  and it was so good.  Totally hit the spot.  I'd eat that salad everyday.I wanted to sample an interesting cocktail too so I perused the drink menu and discovered a gem. As a proud part-Peruvian seeing Pisco on a menu fluffs my feathers up. As a matter of fact my cousin proudly represents the brand Vinas de Oro Pisco.  Pisco, a strong colorless grape brandy is expertly processed turning out a libation that resembles a very smooth tequila in flavor and is the base for the drink. You add lemon, simple syrup, bitters and egg whites. It's refreshing and strong.  The Peruvian Press ($10) was a version of the more traditional Pisco Sour and it was delicious.  This is a sipping drink so take it slow. In MN when we say custard we're most likely talking about the creamier, fattier version of ice cream not the more classic version that's the consistency of a thick pudding. We were surprised, but not disappointed, when we dug into the Salted Caramel Custard ($7). The house made caramel corn that poured out the top of this glass was obscenely good. It was buttery, flavorful and stick to your teeth fresh. After, getting through barricade of popcorny goodness we were greeted by silky smooth custard. It tasted like salted caramel for sure. Next time I'd the Caramel Corn ($3) and skip the custard. I just sampled a bite of the Ricotta Gnocchi ($14) with sausage and mushrooms. The light, brothy creme sauce was perfectly seasoned. Delicious. I'd try it as a main course!
5	Get the turkey pastrami!! It's a little messy but you will thank me! It has coleslaw which I don't like but loved it on this sandwich. It comes on warm soft pretzel bread and is just amazing!!
4	First impressions are always important, and I was wowed by the Gothic meets Modern meets British Invasion decor. In fact, I liked it so much that it may have colored my opinion on the restaurant quite a bit. For starters I had the soft pretzels with cheese fondue which was so delicious! You get a basket of large pretzel pieces and a substantial pot of cheese. More than enough for two people!Then I had the Chicken Gorgonzola salad. It was the perfect cool dish for a hot summer day. I wish it had a few more apple slices in it, but over all it was a great salad with the perfect amount of dressing. Our waiter was attentive, but it could have been because the restaurant was pretty empty relative to it's size. Although I imagine that it is packed on weekend nights.I was also pleased that they brought out black napkins for me since I was wearing black pants. It was a thoughtful touch!I can't wait to go back and try something off of their extensive cocktail menu! Too bad drinking isn't acceptable during working hours!
4	Great fun atmosphere. Food was great.
5	Nobody is perfect, but this is about as close as it gets. I LOVE the menu here. It is so simple, yet new and exciting. The picked peppers are delicious, as is their gourmet version of a Big Mac. Also try their asparagus and the cheap house salad. I really enjoyed my bacon infused bloody mary too. Garage parking can be an issue at peak times in this area - though a valet is always available.
4	From the moment you enter this place you get the feeling that you are entering some swanky underground restaurant, the lighting is dark and the decor is mysterious!!  I am in love with the fashionable staff who come to work wearing what they want as well as the chef in the back with the 12 inch mohawk. The drink menu is stocked with exciting choices such as "In Between the Sheets" and the "Dirty School Girl"! Not your average bar! The BEST thing on the menu in my opinion is the House Made Fettuccine. Honestly the best homemade meat sauce ever and I am hard to please considering I was raised on Bolognese sauce! A great place to take a date whether it be your first or 100th this place will never disappoint.
3	so a girl i know works here and after a discussion in mexico about why i don't like fox concepts, she convinced me to come and give it a try. so she sent me a message the following week telling me she was working the lunch shift and i headed in. she was so sweet and brought us a free pretzel app. my lunch date and i were both trying to eat healthy but felt bad not eating it. so what were we to do? wrap the pretzels in a napkin, shove them in my purse, and feed them to the guys at work of course! our food came out and it was pretty decent. the price was fair and of course you can expect it to be darling bc that's what fox does best. i'd be willing to go back! the service was friendly from all the staff, not just my friend :) a- ok!
4	So, we walked past this place on the way back from Olive & Ivy and thought the name was interesting.  I couldn't remember Culinary Dropout and kept referring to it as the Shi**y Chef.  Wound up going in on a Tuesday night... missed happy hour, dang it.  It looked like Fangtasia from True Blood on the inside.  Velvet, black, chandeliers, etc.  Very dark inside.  Had to use my phone light to read the menu.  Lots of pretty people working.  Our server, Alyssa, was quick and efficient.  Talked super fast, but knew her stuff.  We had the smoked salmon and short rib pasta.  Both were excellent and served quickly.  Really like the pasta and wish I could replicate at home.  The prices weren't too bad, either.  I enjoyed my meal at the Shi**y Chef.Pros=interesting concept, great food and serviceCons=seating is very close to other diners.  Had to sit near a woman (I think it was a woman) who was missing a lot of hair (not cancer-style, just pattern baldness, I think).  Distracting.  Parked at the mall and walked over.
3	I like it, but I don't love it... that's how I felt after leaving Culinary Dropout. Out of all the Fox restaurants I've been to this one isn't the worst, but not the best. I HATE True Food but LOVE the Arrogant Butcher. Culinary Dropout was somewhere in the middle with everything- service and food. Our server was OK, he was kinda slow in between courses and when we wanted to order, but since we were hangin' with friends it didn't matter too much. Of course the pretzel fondue is amazing. They weren't served as hot as at arrogant butcher, but still very good. I had a salad, which was fresh and the chicken I ordered on the top was REALLY good. It was grilled and full of flavor, which is sometimes lacking in chicken you get on top of a salad. Everyone at the table seemed to enjoy their food- I tried my Husband's grilled cheese sliders, which were greasy, but obviously good given its ingredients, however it didn't seem like enough food for a full meal. We skipped dessert and had foyo across the street. So in conclusion, if I was in the area and really had a taste for some pretzel fondue I would go back to Culinary Dropout.... although the pretzels and wetzels are better... now I'm confused...
3	Nestled into a posh shopping district of Scottsdale Culinary Dropout offers a little flair to the upper crust. A variety of hand crafted cocktails are available and are only $10 each if my memory serves me correctly. It was a Saturday night and I arrive with my party of three after eight pm. We waited in a VERY packed bar area for over an hour. Once seated it was pretty nice. It was a celebratory dinner and we tried almost all the appetizers. The cheese and meat selection are particularly impressive. I'm a cheese fan and CD does  has an excellent selection. The pretzels and cheese where also a good app to share among hungry friends who had been drinking at the bar for more than an hour before dinner.It was a nice place. I'd err on the side of saying it was a little to "Ed Hardy" for my taste with patrons trying to look "rock-n-roll", but that's the vibe and you know that going in. Good food, good time. Minus the long wait.
4	Overall I (and my 5 dinner companions) were very impressed with this place. As many others have noted, the pretzel fondue (provolone) ($10) is outstanding. The "crusty bread and good olive oil" ($2) is also very good. Main courses were mostly to everyone's liking - after chowing down on the pretzels and bread I was glad I ordered the Crispy Shrimp Caesar Salad ($13). Though crispy, the shrimp wasn't greasy, and the salad had just the right amount of dressing for my taste (not too much, not too little). My wife didn't have as much luck with the fried chicken -- too much honey flavor for her. We took the rest home and I ate it today; I agree, though the chicken itself is perfectly prepared. A friend who ordered it had the same experience.  I also liked the interesting selection of beers, including some locals (like the Four Peaks HopKnot IPA - very powerful flavor, very good; and the SanTan Epicentre American Amber - light but good; they also offer lots in cans, which apparently is all the rage). True, it's too loud, and service was great albeit overly attentive, and one could complaint about the price of the drinks (but it is Scottsdale, after all). But overall a positive experience; I'd go back, at the very least for the pretzels.
4	Good atmosphere and live music Sunday night.  $2 beer in a bag all day Sunday. Fun spot.
5	I had my first experience with Culinary Dropout today, during my lunch hour. It came highly recommended from some co-workers, so I was excited to check it out and enjoy a good lunch.Food: we had the pretzel fondue for an appetizer, which was a nice treat because I don't order fondue often. I followed this with a turkey pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun, which was amazing and different (although a tad messy, but it was so great I didn't care). Another thing I Iiked was that they didn't overload the plate with fries, like most places do...the sandwich came with just the right amount...and those were good!It was fairly busy, but not packed. We received great service from our server, and it looked like they had plenty of staff to tend to the other tables. Oh and one other thing: our server was actually friendly, something that is not commonplace in that part of town. The manager (I'm guessing) actually came by, and checked in with us to make sure we we're enjoying our lunch...and he was friendly as well.I'll definitely be returning in the future!
4	I totally love the name of this place...Culinary Dropout! Since I was staying at the W hotel I would pass by this restaurant and thought I'd give it a shot since it seemed like a pretty good place.I love the fact that this place has a vintage feel; from the tables, chairs, and even the restroom. I decided to get the fried chicken since it just sounded delicious. I ordered the pretzel and cheese fondue as an appetizer and some grilled asparagus. The fried chicken was amazing, comes with 3 pieces with 2 biscuits. The biscuits has some honey drizzled as well as the chicken. Totally a must try! The pretzel and cheese fondue was ehh A-O-K not the best. The grilled asparagus was delicious as well.
5	Trendy, hip, good looking staff, nice outdoor seating option, clean.  Great place to grab a bite with colleagues.  Great people watching and the food is really enjoyable.  Definitely get the pretzels and fondue and the dessert with Carmel popcorn is another must have.  Fox restaurants are consistently very good.  Pricing is ok and not obnoxiously expensive especially for being located at Scottsdale fashion square mall.
2	I like this place, I really do. I continue to go back and every time I do, I forget about the hack live bands that play at night. Immediately puts me in a bad mood. Everything else: service, ambience, crowd, food is above average, but if I have to listen to a shit cover of "Wonderwall" by Oasis on  a Friday night again....I might shoot myself.
5	First off, we were met with really good service. The server was really knowledgable about the whole menu and his advice led to a great meal. The cheese and meats were delicious. They also have a gluten free menu. As far as the drinks go, I had a smashed Irishman and it was crazy good.
1	One of the worst experiences I've had while dining out. It took 14 minutes to get greeted and our drink orders took another 18. I didn't like my margarita and I didn't drink it (it had no flavor) and ordered another drink yet our waitress didn't take it off the bill. The food was good but nothing outstanding. We waited way too long for our drinks and dinner, and the waitress knew nothing about the menu so we will definitely not be returning. Try sauce though! Another Fox concept around the corner. Much better!
2	Eh, it was OK. I liked the way it was decorated, and my drink (Jalisco something) was good. The food, however, was not impressive at all. I had the grilled cheese sliders, and they weren't any better than I could get at a fast food restaurant. The fries were not very crisp or flavorful either. My husband's burger was tastier than my dinner, but it still wasn't what I was expecting from this restaurant. Our server was just ok, too - made some recommendations for drinks, but then got cranky when our table wasn't ready to order. I had read so many great things about Culinary Dropout, but it was mediocre at best.
4	Went tonight good drinks good food good service and live music on a sunday night. Try the sausage and mushroom gnocci very tasty.
4	this was our second stop on a bike pub ride and although it's been on the list to try, we've never made it here until today. it's very cool inside. i love the giant chandeliers and the comfy chairs. we didn't get a chance to eat and it was only about 5pm, so the only other people there were about a 100 pub riders and the staff accommodated all of us quickly and attentively. would love to try the food next time!
4	Ambiance: I liked that they have a stage, upbeat music, happy hour and you can see the kitchen.  Re: Good looking staff:  We had a handsome waiter, the other young ladies are just average looking.  The chairs had worn out cushions and i sank in them. The food was good but a few discrepancies on the menu: The Butternut squash Cannelloni  is actually Ravioli! Do you reviewers not know the difference? And there was supposed to be corn, white asparagus and sugar snap or snow peas with included but were missing--they would have added to the overall taste, value and nutrition of the menu. Appetizers: ordered the mussels and got a great portion with a wonderful broth and superb toasty bread for dipping. A few of the mussels had an off taste though. Also a port cheese from France which I thought would have a port wine swirl through it but it was very tasty. Served with a berry jam, I would have preferred a crushed olive dipper. (for $4 I can't complain.)Desert: carmel corn custard something or other, more than for one person. It was more sweet than an expected sweet and salty. Shared the entire meal and it came to 51.and change. Good deal for 2 ladies who are watching their calorie intake and want something different. Will be back for appetizers and happy hour. Of note: Again, I am a seasoned fish and chipper-- please serve malt vinegar at the table when serving. The coleslaw looked very healthy, not  mushy.
5	I hardly ever give five star reviews. My experience at Culinary Dropout today prompted me to do so. The reason we checked this place out was because I had a 25% coupon from Fox RC for Labor Day. First things first: The employees are extremely good looking. There is lots of tattoos and bare skin. Our bartender was awesome. He answered all our dumb questions with a smile and made some killer drinks. I had the Bacon Infused Bloody Mary and my friend had the Acai Mojito. I will be going back again to have that Bloody Mary. It was SO good. We started out with the homemade chips and onion dip and it was delicious. We pretty much filled up on those before we got our meals. I ordered the Havarti Burger, my roommate got the chef salad, and my other friend got the canneloni. Everything was super good, but it was too much food! My burger melted in my mouth and I kept stealing bites of my friend's salad. So, in a nutshell:- Great vibe.- Great food.- Great drinks.- Hot employees.- Clever menu titles/- Great experience!
5	Hello!  Can you say awesome!!!  Stumbled upon this place while looking for a quick lunch before a Sunday matinee. Yes, the pretzel roll with provolone fondue is to die for!  But be careful, it's a large order and will fill you up quickly. My friend had the sweet corn cannelloni which was tasty and wonderfully unique, while I had the apple, currant, blue cheese mixed greens. The variation in flavors was outstanding and I especially loved the paper thin mandolin sliced green apple.  We both agreed this would be the perfect place to come to on a lazy Sunday afternoon; indulge in some good wine and go crazy on the separate, and vast, anti-pasta menu. Some proscuto, olives and a distinctly aried selection of cheeses. Yumm!  We arrived at 11:15am and by 12:00 the place was completely packed. Great atmosphere. Love the long bar, open kitchen and super cozy/comfortable seating. Well done.
2	Went for a quick lunch with my husband after reading the rave reviews. Have to say I was a bit disappointed. Had the pretzel with provolone fondue---pretzel bites were warm and tasty and so was the fondue, but it tasted more like cheese whiz than a restaurant fondue and definitely did not taste like provolone. Ut was creamy and warm--I can see this as satisfying drunks, not real lovers of fondue. Had the Cubano sandwich, another disappointment. The roll was too soft and couldn't hold up to the thick piece of pork--which had a lot if fat pieces. And who puts lettuce on a Cubano? It made it slimy and half way thru I switched to eating with a fork. Fries were good. The decor was ok---a bit dark for my taste, that always makes me think they're hiding the dirt in the floor. We had a nice server though.
4	Two words: Acai mojito.  I am usually a beer drinker (which they have a good selection of, including San Tan products), but on a hot day nothing beats a mojito and the Acai mojito at Culinary Dropout was top notch, I had two.  There were many other unique cocktails on the menu, such as the bacon infused bloody mary, that I am dying to return to try.  The menu is inbetween bar and restaraunt type selections.  I had the shaved rib sandwhich with french onion soup for dipping.  It was excellent.  The decor in culinary dropout is posch with dark purple walls and large chandeliers, which is complimented by their tattooed and mo-hawked staff.  A nice place to hang out with friends or on a date.
3	When this Sam Foxer first opened, it was DA BOMB!  Trendy and so in fashion. Even the servers were hip and artsy looking.  The food was innovative and fun..... however, as time passes and money is made, the food quality starts to fade....so sad.     the meat and cheese dishes are standard fare.the pretzels are a hit or miss;  some days fresh and doughy, other days shriveled cold and left-overed-reheated tasting.  The Easy Cheese Whiz fondue is still fun to share with a big drunken group there to people watch on the outdoor patio.  The pasta dish with rib meat is standard.  Could be a little fresher and hotter. The fried chicken, which used to be large cripsy juicy pieces are now sad shriveled dry  pieces.  The highly anticipated dessert with the Caramel popcorn was so congealed and stuck together that I think I cracked a filling....Again, so sad.....  There's a reason the restaurant is no longer packed to the brim as it used to a few years ago;   it has the same sad vibe as the Pink Taco when it was nearing it's decline.    if you like to party with the ladies looking for their next ATMan card, this is a decent place to go on the weekends.   I'm going to ask my gay couple friends where's the next trendiest place to eat would be;  they know style and food.
4	I went here for Resteraunt week and I was very pleased, I had the Fried Chicken the portions are HUGE, But omg the cripsy skin was so good We had the antipasta which was very tasty too! The staff there is all very helpful with sugestions on the wines and what to order. As well as many other people have wrote it's a place filled with beautiful people and all dressed very fashion forward. Great energy and a fun place can't wait to go back......
5	I've never been one to fall in love easily. Until now. Culinary Dropout was love at first bite. Walking in, the decor of this place caused instant infatuation. I want to steal their purple wall and get a mini version of those wonderful green crystal chandeliers for my bedroom. Their booths are so comfy and the lighting was just right. When it cools down I definitely plan on spending some time having cocktails on their beautiful patio. Our server, Tori was adorable and fantastic. Not only was she incredibly perky and attentive, she knew the menu like the back of her hand. And the way she described all of the items made me want to order one of everything. Also, she encouraged us to take our time. We started with an app, hung out and talked, then ordered an entree, hung out and marinated on that, and then ended with dessert. We were there for quite some time and never felt rushed or abandoned. Tori made our dining experience more than stellar. Now to the important part. The A.maz.ing. food. First out, the soft pretzels with provolone fondue. Oh em gee. I LOVE pretzels and cheese but I will never be satisfied again unless I'm having it at Culinary Dropout. The pretzels have just the right amount of sea salt (not too much) and are so fantastically soft. The fondue was the perfect temperature and they have a little candle flame to keep it the right consistency so you can take your time eating. Although those pretzels disappeared really fast. Our entree, the sweet corn cannelloni. Thanks to Tori warning me this is seasonal and will change to butternut squash I was all over it. My friend and I split this and the serving size was still plentiful. I want to find whomever came up with the idea of putting mashed corn inside the cannelloni pasta and kiss them on the lips. The butter sauce was so flavorful but not too heavy and complimented the corn flavor instead of distracting from it. Dessert. Words cannot describe. I have lived in a world where I believed the best dessert in existence was creme brulee with berries until last night. The salted caramel custard made me want to utter inappropriate noises of delight. Topped with their caramel popcorn and chilled at just the right temperature, my friend and I indulged in silence as our taste buds rejoiced. If I wasn't classy I would have licked the cup. So, Culinary Dropout, I am in love. All I want to know is when we will meet again??? I'll be longing for you until that day.
5	Been here a handful of times now, and it's always an all around great experience. I love the decor, the fabulous chandeliers, the oversized chairs that make me feel like Alice in Wonderland in the tea party scene. But what I love the most is the food. Oh the glorious, tasty, want it in mah' belly-right-now food! Doesn't matter what you order, it's gonna be good.So far, my favorite place for dinner in the area.Tip- try the caramel custard desertTip- pretzel bun turkey pastramiTip- fried chicken n biscuitsTip- Acai mojitoThat is all
5	I can't believe that Culinary Dropout is rated so low.  Honestly, that sort of lends weight to the commonly-held belief that people in Arizona don't know food.  That is a terrible shame, though, because the Phoenix metropolitan area certainly does have some of the best food I have ever had in the country.  Whenever possible, I try to give a restaurant a couple shots before giving it a review.  Since I don't live in Scottsdale it hasn't been easy to get back to Culinary Dropout for a second visit, but it was certainly worth the effort yet again.Everyone raves about the "Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue", but it certainly lives up to the hype.  If I lived in Scottsdale, this would be the joint to gather with my friends for happy hour EVERY DAY just to eat these pretzels.Personally, I have at least tasted the "Shaved Prime Rib Dip", "Pork Belly Cubano", "Gorgonzola Chicken Salad", "Fried Chicken", "Kurobuta Pork Ribs", "Bistro Steak" and "Caramel Corn".  Every single one of these dishes is generously portioned, packed with flavor, and unpretentious.  How refreshing to find a place with a menu broad enough to satisfy a large group of friends with varied palates at a really reasonable price.The drinks are amazing.  Have them all, but start with "Dirty School Girl" and "Smashed Irishman".And don't forget the pretzels...
3	THREE-AND-ONE-HALF STARS.We were in Phoenix and wanted to catch a movie but needed to eat something other than styrofoam with yellow oil on it (movie popcorn), so we stuck our heads in this crowded restaurant and explained to the hostess/supermodel that we needed to be hasty and she found us a table and the waitress took our steak orders right away.  The steaks were good, we ate and were on our way.  Everything sorta fell into place; we were impressed.  Also it looked as if there was backline set up for a band maybe playing later that night.How boring is THIS review?Anyway, only been here once, want to try it again when I am in the vicinity, and have the time to relax and enjoy.
4	Our server was incredibly charming and encouraged us to order the pretzel/provolone fondue. I'm so glad we took his advice. It was delish!! Anything salty & with cheese is great in my book.My girlfriends all ordered salads here for a late lunch. The portion size was fair and they salads weren't over-dressed.I'm a big dessert person so I ordered the salted caramel custard & the apple monkey bread. The monkey bread was warm, soft and tasty. If you like apples in your dessert you'll love it. It wasn't as cinnamon-y as I would have personally liked.The custard was divine. It's topped with caramel popcorn which I picked off. They have an outside patio seating area and indoor seating as well. Prices averaged around $10-12 per entree.
4	I haven't eaten here - but as a prospect - I want I want I want!Great looking place, and beautiful seating on a covered patio.  Nice menu, bar, comfort-style food, and looks like a good place for drinks and meeting friends.I will return, Culinary Dropout, so save a seat for me.  It will be mine.  Oh yes, it will be mine!!
4	I didnt know what to expect since this place replaced Pink Taco. Pink Taco looked like a cross between the set of Nacho Libre and an Elks Lodge. Well CD kept the Elks Lodge part and married it with Z Gallerie and I like it.  The waitstaff kind look out of place though..they look like they work at a country bar? Their gear doesnt really match the decor. Besides that.. service was great and the food.. OMG. Ill be honest there wasn't a whole lot that really called out to me.. but what I ordered.. who cares what else was on the menu? Started with the pretzel fondue. Doughy deliciousness dipped in cheese and good cheese.. NOT nacho cheese. My guy is STILL raving about it 2 months later! Then I went for the Sweet Corn Canelloni and it was good. Im talking "Last Meal" good!This place is worth checking out, without question!
4	Apple Monkey Bread - amazing!
4	Came here for a late night dinner with a visiting friend. It's definitely one of those trendy, modern restaurants you want to take your time eating at. The interior was adorned with cute couches and booths, good for a date or a girls night out!First off, FREE PARKING garage near the valet booth!!! score!!we decided to order two dishes and an appetizer to share. Little did we know the provolone fondue (our appetizer) came in hugeee portion, getting us full before our main dishes came out haha But of course, this didnt stop us for digging in. The kitchen was nice enough to split the meals on two plates before bringing it out. We got the fried chicken and biscuit as well as the turkey pastrami sandwich (pretzel bun! more pretzel!).The fried chicken was really tender and juicy inside and out. Every bite pulled us in for another, despite the fact our stomachs were bulging out over our pants (exaggeration). Biscuit was a bit salty but eating it the next day as left over, the taste was just right. The sandwich was soo juicy. The combination of turkey, pastrami and pretzel just makes it a complete dish. I loved that there wasn't an overwhelming amount of meat. Tried dipping the entire sandwich in the provolone fondue...best decision of the night.Im excited for another chance to go.Love to try their happy hour and have a taste of their live music!
5	I finally made it out to this place, and I'm so glad I did. I heard it was a good restaurant, but it surpassed my expectations. Very hip and energetic atmosphere. All of the servers were friendly and I felt very comfortable there. The soft pretzels and cheese fondue are a Must Have. So delicious! And their drink menu is ridiculously awesome. So many unique drinks.
5	Please excuse this review as I am writing it as I come to from my food coma. We just moved to Phoenix and at the time of dining we were not familiar with the Fox Restaurant Group. We happened upon CD on accident on a Tuesday night. I must say the place was pretty hoppin' for an early week night. We ordered the pretzels with fondue, the fried chicken and the steak. It was so good we didn't even speak to each other through the entire sitting. It was the kind of meal you don't mind having indigestion after because you get the pleasure of re tasting the deliciousness. Gross, I know, but you know what I'm talking about! The server we had was as good as a ghost. We never wanted for anything but he left us alone. I wasn't super crazy about the monkey bread but my honey ate it like we hadn't had a ridiculously large meal 15 minutes before. I'd kinda like to shave off like a 1/4 of a star because the staff was ultra trendy/Indie as were a majority of the patrons. They looked like H&M and Urban Outfitters threw up all over them but if that's the gimmick I'm ok with it since the food was so amazing.
4	My husband and I took my mom here for dinner on Thursday night. We started off with the suggested Pretzel/Fondue app. My mom wanted to try the bread and oil as well. HOLY CARBS. It was amazing tho. I was pretty full before dinner even came. Not a huge menu, so My mom ordered the shrimp salad-grilled, not fried like it comes, I ordered the Chicken Salad and my husband ordered the Italian Salad ( I think it was called that) The pretzel app was amazing. The fondue tasted so amazing I could eat it every day haha. The oil for the bread had a sweet balsamic at the bottom and it was amazing, one of the best Ive had. The salads were awesome. My husband said the best salad hes had in a long time. My mom and I liked ours as well.Husband also got a purple haze, which is a beer he said he has only seen in Denver, so he was happy about that. We sat on the patio (even tvs with the game on it) and the heaters were on, man we live in AZ. for sure.We had a great time. I would def. suggest it. The only thing I didnt love was the music was super loud at times, then would get quieter, then super loud, so it was hard to talk, even outside, but I will still be back. Great Place.
4	Tried Culinary Dropout for the first time and liked it very much!  They had some really yummy-sounding cocktails, but I tried one of their Mojito's and liked it!  Their antipasto choices are great and you could just make a meal out of a few of those and their great bread.  The sweet corn enchiladas were delicious and their version of the French Dip was just as good.  My only complaint... the wine list is weak.
4	Good food and comfortable atmosphere.That's for those that just need to scan real fast for the best parts.Fondue with pretzel bread dippers were awesome.  I had the warm Italian grinder.  I really like the meats, peppers, cheese and bread but prefer my hot/warm sandwiches do not have any lettuce or tomatoes on it.  It was not mentioned on the menu so I'm warning you now.  I liked the fries, skinny and crispy.I also tried a bite of the shaved prime rib dip and really liked it.  Other items I had a bite of: the MAC burger had quality meat but was over cooked.We sat outside, it was the first week of November, gotta love this desert for this reason alone.  We were very comfortable and served very well by a handsome gentleman but for the life of me I cannot remember his name.  He had tattooed arms.  Oh wait, so did other servers.  They all seemed nice.I will be back Dropout.
4	Why, why, why come to Scottsdale on vacay and eat in a PF Changs or some other chain you have at home? I don't get it. There's a PF's on the same block as Dropout and the choice should be clear. Even though Culinary Dropout is part of the mega Fox Restaurant Concepts group, it is unique and definitely worth a try.Everyone has said it, but I'll say it again: pretzel and fondue ... uh, yeah! Get it, dip it, love it. The prime rib dip sandwich (there's a dipping theme going on here, isn't there?) was terrific, too ... great quality prime rib. House made pickled peppers were perfectly pungent ... not sure if Peter Piper picked them. Located at Scottsdale's Fashion Plaza, this is a fun place to land after you've shopped in the ubiquitous megastores and are ready for something truly uncommon.
5	Amazing food, drinks, and service. Mike was the server, pretzel fondue for an app, fried chix and pork belly Cuban for the meal. Best fried chix I have ever had. Five plus stars. Only thing that would make it better is if it was locally owned.
4	What a great dining experience! They have very unique drink selections for starters - I had the Acai Mojito and it was luscious! My date had the Purple Haze beer (New Orleans) and enjoyed as well. We started off w/drinks and then ordered the soft pretzels w/cheese dip - yummmy! We both ordered the Shaved Prime Rib sandwich and were pretty blown away w/the taste - superb! Too full for dessert - perhaps next time? Our waiter (can't remember his name) was awesome was very speedy, answered all of our questions and took our picture from his new iPhone and texted it as a souvenir. :) Don't bother w/valet either - just park your car yourself in the garage for free.
5	Awesome place to start or end your night.  The staff were great and worked with our large group.  The drink menu is extensive and unique.  Every food item our group ordered was slam-packed with flavor.  Would recommend this place to all as your next night out, I will definitely visit again.
5	I went to Culinary Dropout while on vacation. The food, service and ambiance was fantastic. I only wish I lived in Scottsdale so I could return weekly!
2	We were looking for a place to enjoy Happy Hour in downtown Scottsdale and Culinary Dropout came at the suggestion of the Concierge at the Valley Ho.Having never been there before, we decided to give it a try, but unfortunately don't ever see ourselves  returning.  We just didn't get a good vibe from the place from the minute we walked in -  (very stark and non descriptive in decor) and it was virtually empty with the exception of a few tables the entire time we were there.While the bartender was nice - he was very young and inexperienced.  We ordered the Manchego cheese and Capiccola from the happy hour menu and a bottle of Malbec.  Flavoring of both cheese and Capiccola were very good. Bartender encouraged to try the Fried Chicken, which he touted as their most popular entree - but we declined and decided to keep on our exploration of another local restaurant we'd yet to try.They may also be dealing with a sewer problem.  I used the restroom and the smell in there was atrocious!Appears to be a place that might cater to the young Scottsdale crowd wannabees.
5	My boyfriend is a student at ASU and every time I come to visit, we ALWAYS have to come to culinary dropout. The cheese pretzel fondue is to die for, you have to order it as an appetizer! Everything that I've tried is amazing. Fried chicken is always a favorite. Last time I tried the butternut squash cannelloni... It was so fresh and flavorful. One of my favorite dishes now. You have to go!!!
3	Pretty space, great outdoor  seating, bad service, and so-so food. Our waitress was apathetic at best, let's leave it at that. The best thing on the menu is the $2 crusty bread and good olive oil. It's to die for. Almost Tartine (SF) status. I love the antipasti set up - you can order a series of small bites to share while waiting on your main courses, and they'll serve them all up on one platter with side plates. We ordered the aforementioned bread, some Humboldt Fog (oh so good), beets, olives, and asparagus, and everything was delicious.Then things started going downhill. The Italian chopped salad is seriously weak - the ingredients aren't actually chopped, it's surprisingly gloopy from the preserved bell peppers and artichoke hearts they had added in, and despite the multitude of ingredients, it didn't really taste like anything. The ricotta gnocchi had an overpowering amount of sausage, and there were more mushroom bits than gnocchi.  The trout was alright, nothing impressive. The fish and chips looked really good, but again, kind of flavorless. The only thing really up to snuff was the Pub Burger, which I would definitely recommend. This place is probably cool on a Saturday night, but I would just recommend ordering carefully and finding a waitress who is knowledgable about and can advise you on the menu.
4	First time there, and the fried chicken was one of the best I have had.  The sides of mashed potatoes and gravy, with biscuits, were less than stellar, however.  Nevertheless, the staff was friendly, and the chicken was great.
5	Culinary Dropout is a fantastic place to eat! The interior is very rocker complete with  stage for bands, interesting and yummy food, with an array of beers  and amazing food! If you decide to go (which I don't know why you wouldn't ) try their monkey bread for dessert, it is to die for!
3	i dunno what the deal is...but i was not terribly impressed with the pretzel fondue. the food was actually nothing to write home about. however...the adult beverages were superb! bacon infused bloody mary? hell yes! if you're a gin fan (and i am) then you must try velvet death. that's it, end of review.
3	We waited for 45 minutes, and during that time I noticed that a) I was the only under-50 rocking glasses and b) my chest-zone was neither big nor uncovered enough to blend with the Friday night crowd and c) too many people were ordering salads. Oh, Scottsdale.I protested by drinkin' a boozy bourbon mix drink and eating my weight in pretzel (both in fondue and sandwich-bun form).  And, despite my geriatric eyewear and comparably lacking lady lumps, one of the sweetie boys working there gave us a custardy caramely dessert with popcorn on top, which my friend generous pretended to share when, in actuality, she watched me ninja my spoon through more than 70% of it.Good thing he couldn't see my post-pretzel food baby. I doubt he would have bothered being charming at all.
3	Every time I've gone here, usually week nights, there's always an initial and pungent smell of vomit possibly from last nights lets-go-have-dinner-turn-crazy-night-on-the-town vibe I get from this place.Once I overcame the smell and was seated from the strangely under-dressed hostess, our waiter came to get our order in an even stranger bandana jean look that was very curious.We started with the pretzel Gouda fondue appetizer.  Very gooey and delicious as expected, maybe too much salt, but gooey and delicious.  He had the salmon and I tried the French Dip.  The salmon was delicious and none was left on the plate.  I'm a sucker for French Dips, the one's that melt in your mouth and have a great au jus.  I was sadly disappointed here.  To start, a strange mayo based dressing is applied liberally giving the, what I would assume is the most tender and juicy, roast beef a strange creamy taste and texture that is not pleasant.  The au jus is a strong french onion soup that does not go well with the sandwich. Overall I felt the place tries too hard to be different, too hard to be the cool place in town.  The food was a 4 (the salmon was truly excellent), the environment was a 2...I split the difference.
5	The Culinary Dropout , you get the best of both worlds. The food is off the hook (it's great) ,the service, these ladie's and guy's take care of your every need, and as a added bonus you have some of the best performers in Phoenix, entertaining you while you dinne.....Check it out....Bluesman Mike
3	I ordered the fish and chips, the fries and chips tasted good but it was not fried properly, the fish kept falling apart when I picked it up and the fries were limp. Who was in charge of the fryer anyway; a dropout? Lol
2	First and foremost I would like to say that the pretzel fondue is amazing...although it is something familiar that I have tasted before so I wouldnt go out of your way to go here. Their drink combinations are pretty good. Their food is small portions for the price! Atmosphere is unique and almost every table has a different set of chairs and style which is different. The reason I am giving Culinary a terrible review in stars is because my poor boyfriend got food poisoning from the Beef Stroganoff! We came into AZ to re visit my college town and friends and he was out all day saturday, most of sunday, and still not up to par on Monday! I realize this was not their fault that their food was possibly contaminated, however, it was the aftermath that I was unhappy with...I called the restaurant to talk to the manager....he didnt seem to sympathetic with saying things like "did he go to the hospital?" or "I served 27 of that dish Saturday Night and I have not had one complaint yet.".....definitely not looking for any type of discount but with working in customer service for 10 years that is NOT the way to handle things. He was proceeding to tell me the length of time it can take and how it could have been from something earlier that day or the night before...really?! Needless to say even though I did not feel sick from the food I will NEVER return to this restaurant again!!! I wouldnt recommend this place to anyone!
5	This place gets HIGH marks in my book!! I have been twice and I really don't know when I would stop.  I've had a few things on the menu (soft pretzels & provolone Fondue, Chicken Curry, 36 Hour pork rib, Butternut squash Cannelloni, and Bistro Steak).  All were extremely delicious and fantastic!!  We shared plates and the chef split the portions up for us. WOW!! As far as drinks go, my fave has to be the Acai Mojito.  It's one of those drinks that taste so good and before you know you are having number 3 and BOOM your drunk. LOL! The salty caramel desert is DIVINE!! Creamy custard goodness!!I highly RECOMMEND this place! The decor is unique, mismatch furniture  and extravagant chandeliers. GENIUS!
5	great place, great food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Great service, tons of fake body parts. No parking.
3	I came by for cocktail week and they were offering St. Germain drinks. One was basically the same cocktail suggested by St. Germain, so we didn't bother. The other was a bit too sweet for my tastes. Our bartender sneaked us a taste of Ransom Old Tom Gin and it was the most glorious thing to ever touch my lips. The food was a bit pricey and they had some mildly interesting menu items. Much of what I imagined someone who couldn't hack culinary school would make. Par for the course.
3	Culinary Dropout.. what do I do with you?  I love coming here for some day drinking.  The ambiance day and night says you need to come eat, drink, and be merry with me, but the food doesn't fully live up.I followed another yelpers suggestion on the olive oil and crusty bread which was great.  I got some olives to go with it.  The shaved prime rib dip was okay.  The french onion soup was just a bit too viscous.  The gnocchi my gf got was really dry, but I remember another time it being awesome.The different cocktails are fanciful and tasty.  I'm usually a scotch on the rocks person, but their acai mojito and bloody marys are great wake me ups.Ambiance + Drinks are great.  Food is meh.  Figure out what you want to do, but I say stop by for a drink and some apps.. then maybe make your way down to herb box or fnb.
1	Management was unwilling to work with us while planning a birthday dinner. They said they do not take reservations and we could call ahead when we were on our way. We called ahead and the guy who answered the phone said that they are really busy and can't fit us in. Very disappointing.
4	Culinary Dropout has a fun and energetic atmosphere for a nice night out. The inside seating can be a little too noisy, especially depending on your party size. However, I sat outside with a group of % and it was very nice. I have only been once but everyone at my table all ordered different things and each person enjoyed their meal thoroughly. The prices are what I expected since it is located by Fashion Square in Scootsdale. The service was decent. The server seemed to have a slight attitude which always bothers me because I used to be a server and am nothing but nice to the staff at restaurants. Howver, they have a fairly extensive bar menu so i cannot wait to go back for happy hour! Fox restaurants never seem to disappoint me!
4	[First time Out-of-Towner for Spring Training]Hipster's Only, should read the sign outside of this place.All the fellas had plaid on and all the girls were hipster/clubby as AZ seemed to be. Great vibe...they definitely were going for a SF look and feel. The huge chandeliers had me entranced. I absolutely loved the Hodge podge of furniture at all the different tables. The dark purple wall colors gave the place a gloomy, hipster vibe...You know how someone keeps talking about something after it's happened...well I was that person!! Thanks to Culinary Dropout I've been tainted with the BEST Monkey Bread to date!!This place was crackin' on a Saturday night. Being a newbie to AZ, we had no idea where we should eat, but the name in itself is pretty awesome. Culinary Dropout...hmm, since they dropped out should I trust it?!?I'm glad we sauntered in, even though it was a 30+ minute wait...I'm glad we roughed it out! We ordered a drink at the bar to kill the time. The girls loved the 8% Blueberry Cider. I went for the usu, Coconut Ciroc and RB. Finally, we were seated. Our server was so busy, we had a pseudo server for a little bit, he brought us waters and our menus. Then sauntered over Jameson, our fun waiter. Fun guy, very entertaining.We stared with the Pretzel bread & Provolone Fondue and an order of oysters (or something slimy in a shell).  The pretzel nuggets of goodness were tasty, lightly salted (I wiped all mine off). The provolone came in a cute little caldron looking thing...the texture was smooth and creamy. I loved the complimentary taste of the cheese to pretzel. The cheese wasn't overbearing, as many fondue types can be. According to the girls, the oysters were good...I'll take their word for it.I ordered the Breaded Shrimp Caesar Salad (thanks Lent). I was pleasantly surprised by the dish. The breaded shrimp seemed on the smaller side, I almost mistook them for croutons. The flavor was good, as was the dressing they use. The portion was huge, as was the flavor...so I was a happy camper. I cheated and took a bite of the meatloaf, which was fantastic. Who doesn't love comfort food?!? The Asparagus salad was wimpy and I felt bad for my friend who ordered it...it was weak for sure!I'd been waiting all meal for the desert. Monkey bread is top of the food porn chain. I was giddy like a 5 year old school girl! This warm desert was so good, I can barely describe it. Perfect pillows of sweetness, but not too sweet, with a hint of cinnamon. Buttery and light, but full of flavor, this desert was ON POINT! The ice cream was served in a separate dish, so it didn't melt because of how warm the monkey bread was, well played CD.I'm glad they dropped out of culinary school!
4	I still have dreams about the Monkey-Bread dessert!!!!!!!!!!This place was pretty awesome in terms of ambiance, good vibes, cool live music, fun app's, a great and savory meatloaf, and an awesome dessert called: Monkey-bread!This yummy goodness was ooooooey, gooey, and had ice cream on the side- Must I say more???? Give it a whirl and your tastebuds will thank you later and then you can go ahead and send me a thank you after you indulge in this lovely dessert!
4	My wife and I enjoyed dinner here recently. She had a few of the Acai Mojitos and I had a Moscow Mule. Both were well prepared and tasty. We shared the beef stroganoff and curry chicken for our entrees. The egg noodles in the bs were homemade and melted in our mouth. The curry was spicy and overwhelmed the dish a bit. We went here for the food and to catch some live music. It had a nice vibe and was teeming with a youngish singles scene. Well worth the time and money.
2	Food was pretty good, but I'll NEVER go again for dinner. I went to Culinary Dropout on a Saturday night -- there was a live band, but they were WAY too loud, and pretty terrible. We had to shout at our waitress, and still she had trouble hearing us and vice versa. I literally couldn't have a conversation with the person sitting across the table from me.The "vibe" was interesting. Half the fun was looking at all of the obscurely dressed "alternative" crowd that was eating there. Many of the patrons seemed to give off the "my world is a dark abyss and my parents just don't understand me" aura. Unfortunately, I could not share my quippy observations with anyone else at my table, given the noise. The decor was pretty abhorrent, and the restaurant was uncomfortably cold (it was nighttime in early February), given that they left all the doors and windows open.I had the trout, which was very tasty. Additionally, the pretzel bites with fondue appetizer was VERY good. At the end of the day though, I'd rather eat at Wendy's were I can actually converse, than some hipster joint where I can't hear anything other than a jazz musician (who didn't seem to fit the scene... he was the only non-white I could spot in the crowd) eating the microphone and playing the harmonica (poorly) at 10,000 deciles.
4	You can't see it because Im writing....... But this Smile.....Ear to Fucking Ear!!! Im going to start with Dessert, because Im still smiling!!I literally was moaning and laughing at how good this shit was. Salted Caramel with house made caramel popcorn. WTF indeed. So good. And I Skeet in my G-Star Briefs.Pastrami Turkey Sand on a Pretzel Roll. Sounded Basic, tasted great! It ranks at my #2 sandwich of all time right behind the Muffelatta from central grocery store in the Dump that is New Orleans. A pile of warm and tender Turkey Pastrami, better than beef Pastrami, with cheese and coleslaw. Its piled high on a Buttery, Savory, Hot, Warm and slightly chewy Pretzel roll.  Everything else I had was forgettable..... Roasted Beats were WEAK! 36 hour ribs were fair and the Cubano Sandwich was below expectations.So, we have this line cook or chef, can't quite figure it out, with passion. He has spikes sticking out of his scalp and extending 18" 's out like a weapon. A guy who looks like he should be doing my Tattoo the next time I knock someone out in the ring (Boxing) not gay ass MMA. Sorry! A Brunette waitress who is thick, not fat,  and pretty damn good looking seemed to float across the floor and was kinda exotic looking. There were some other waitresses there that were easy on the pupils too. A blonde with major hip swing. Tom, my waiter....pretty cool, kinda funny. I like him because hge suggested the Mouth-Gasm dessert. I thought he said it came in a shot glass, it came in a rocks glass, I bitched for a second, and ate almost the whole thing. Tjhis smart ass Tom says " Well, you did not have trouble finishing it" that was funny as shit. I said " I did not say I couldnt, I did not want to" Good Place. Go.
2	Good food but possibly the slowest service ever.  Would not go back.
3	I like the alternative atmosphere and decor with lots of different style seating areas.  There is a good selection of beer and high-end bar food.  The happy hour prices are good but the portions are smaller than the full-priced counterparts.  Try the "Beer in a Bag" to entertain yourself and your friends.  I would give a higher rating but the service is somewhat spotty.  I've had good servers there but have also had several with poor skills and attitude.
5	Had an amazing meal! We were seated right away, however, it was a Sunday night and it was 5:30pm. I ordered the trout, it was fantastic! My friends had the meatloaf, steak and ribs. All had great reviews. The desserts were equally as fabulous! Service was great. Only complaint, it was too dark in the restaurant. I will go back!
1	HORRIBLE... underscore HORRIBLE.  While visiting Scottsdale we happened upon the Culinary Dropout on the corner of an upscale shopping area.  Our waiter highly recommened the Fried Chicken and the Rainbow Trout.  UGH!   The Fried Chicken was too greasy and upon slicing into a piece a river of grease poured out.   My rainbow trout was dry and overcooked with a hard crust on the outside.  It required using a knife to cut into the fish... who ever heard of such a need with a delictable fish.  On top of the fish were green beans from your grocers freezer section and a handful of sliced almonds and voila!!! you have a $19.00 dish without flavor, delicate  texture, and care in the cooking.  These dropouts should be fired or sent to retake  their highschool Home Economics class. I give this restaurant a thumbs down .  There are so many other wonderful restaurants in Scottsdale with fun ambiance to enjoy.... don't bother stopping here.
5	You have to try their Fondue if you go here. Pretzels are fresh, soft, and the cheese is amazing. Their fried chicken tastes good, but is a huge portion. My favorite entree here is their rainbow trout. It is seasoned well and a huge portion.I am not a fan of a lot of their specialty drinks. I've had better mixed drinks elsewhere.Ambiance is nice, but can get very loud certain nights.
4	Wanted a place to hang out on a Saturday night with a cool bar. This was it. I had stopped in here once before on a bike pub crawl but we were drinking the sponsored beer. So I didn't get to sample some of their cocktails. The decor is cool and stylish, and yet doesn't look like it's trying too hard. The oversized chandeliers fit right in. The bar is very cool-has both sides accessible to indoor/outdoor seating and their cocktail menu is organized by your favorite libations. If you prefer gin/vodka drinks, there's a section for those. Scotch? Tequila? Yup a section for those. I tried the Velvet Death and the lil icharus. My friend ordered the Hall Pass and the Smashed Irishman (the velvet death and hall pass were our two favorites). The drinks aren't cheap, around $10 each but they pack a punch so at least you feel you're getting your money's worth. Our bartender was attentive and witty and proceeded to put two guys in their place after they commented about her pouring methods. Rock on.
3	Overall, a pretty good restaurant with a cool atmosphere and decent food. I had a good time here but waiting about 1 hour for a table.  baby back rib entre was very good!
5	First time here. In short-1. Soft pretzel with provolone fondue- excellent. 2. 32 hour ribs- salty but yum!3. Salted caramel custard- nothing like I've ever had but I would definitely do it again. Bottom line- I should have tried this place earlier, because it'd probably be a place I would go often
4	Wow, I'm back here again! Enjoyed cocktails and live music with some friends on Saturday night. I thought our out-of-town guests might like this place and I was glad when they immediately commented about how cool and pretty the bar was. That's one of the reasons I really like it here.I went for the Velvet Death again, it was so good last time, but this time the bartender squeezed a lemon rind over the glass so that the citric acid sparked and emitted a wonderful lemon scent. How cool! Thank you!My girlfriend took my recommendation on the Hall Pass and our guys went with manly beers. Great place!
3	"Bring earplugs with your tastebuds"We came here for my wife and mom's birthday for dinner and let's say we were not prepared for the high decibel ambiance.  We had what was recommended from Michelle L. and other reviews.  1. Soft pretzel with provolone fondue - 4 stars.2. 32 hour ribs - 4 stars3. Salted caramel custard - 5 stars. 4. Sausage and mushroom Gnocchi - 3 starAfter walking in you have beautiful chandeliers and modern decor.  There is a stage for live band music which we sat in front of.  Thankfully we were finished with our meal before the band began.  We could hardly hear our waiter and he had difficult time hearing us as well.  Although there was a good crowd in the restaurant and they didn't mind the noise level, but noise level was too high and distracting for us which the food was not able to overcome.  If the chef or owner was truly a culinary dropout, it was because he couldn't hear the instructions in class.  If you find this review useful, funny, or cool please check accordingly.
5	What a lovely place for lunch - I've only eaten here once but the experience was memorable. The patio has a relaxing atmosphere - very loungy and good for sipping wine in the afternoon. My girl friend and I Iingered for a while as were able to admire the unique and gothic style interior design of the restaurant through the inside/outside bar and also watch people walking by on the sidewalk. I have a feeling we ordered the two best appetizers on the menu - the mussels and the smoked salmon. Both portions were bigger than we expected - definitely enough for two famished (and by that time quite tipsy) girls. The salmon plate was nothing short of delightful - each part of it complimented the whole dish nicely. I wish to goodness I could remember the name of our sweet waitress who was very attentive but never pushy and even gave us some advice as to places to shop nearby. Although I'm not entirely keen on Fox restaurants in Tucson, it seems he may put more effort into his places in Scottsdale  - pat on the back for you, Sam.
5	I have a very small list of absolute favorite places to go... and Culinary Dropout has made the list.  I was reading a tagline by another user right before I started this and it said that a restaurant is only as good as its worst dish.  If there is a bad dish at CD, I have not found it.  Before dinner I enjoyed one of their signature drinks called Velvet Death.  If you want a really fun evening, be sure to have a couple of those and secure a cab ride ahead of time.  Velvet Death is as smooth as its name... it is like slipping into a warm bath.  It is cool, it is refreshing, it has a great citrus flavor to it and the absinthe in it, doesnt hurt either. I also enjoyed the pretzel fondue which was a recommendation from the waiter... yeah.... I would suggest you give that a go, but I am sure you will find other amazing appetizers as well.We got to CD early for dinner... this is critical on two fronts, first, we could easily get a table and second I could order the Korean spiced Rib-eye cap, which is limited in daily availability.  If you can get it, do, it is most certainly worth having... actually, I dont think I have ever had a better cut of meat. The service is terrific and the atmosphere is definitely a lot of fun.  Our waiter was always spot on on his recommendations and very attentive.Sadly there is a bit of a downside to this place:  It is in the heart of Scottsdale and the clientele in the restaurant was on the whole the very stereotypical self-centered, pompous, rude, snobbery that after growing up in Scottsdale I used to claim was false... having lived outside of the bubble for a while I can tell you that the crowd is overall pretty disgusting.  The herd of 20k millionaires and other nefarious customers does tend to make the atmosphere a bit loud because these people do want everyone else to know just how "amazing" they are and how "wonderful" their life is.  Culinary Dropout of course can not do anything about the people who choose to come and enjoy their fare, but be prepared for it... is is a cultural experience in its own.  Have a few drinks of Velvet Death and you may even find it a bit amusing.
2	Just like everyone said, this place is loud.So I went on a date here and it actually helped. My date had to sit next to me for us to even carry a conversation so that was nice. The service was good, our waiter was very sociable and had many suggestions. Now to the food.We got the pretzels with cheese and honestly, I prefer the mall pretzels with cheese. The salmon was also only okay. The drinks were refreshing but I was really turned off by how dark and loud the place was. Was definitely over hyped for me, probably wouldnt go back
3	Tasty, trendy, and a decent price. I do think that the ambiance and beautiful people could make the food somehow taste a little better than it really is but I could be wrong. We ate the pretzels and I tried the french onion soup. That soup was NOT good at all. It was sweet and had the weirdest aftertaste. I don't know what they did to it but it was not what I was expecting. I don't know about you but when I order a french onion soup, I expect salty, beef brothy, oniony, cheesy, and hot. Not sweet..and weird. I do have to say, the server could tell I was trying to eat it, and took it off the tab! Very nice. Half of the table ordered the meatloaf. Random thing to want to order, but it was absolutely delicious. I scarfed the entire plate and was ready to lick it.
3	Came here with high hopes but ultimately left a little bland. The pretzels were pretty good, the food was aight, but it wasn't anything super extraordinary. Wish I could say more, but sadly wasn't very impressed...
4	Great staff to serve as your menu and libation sherpa - which is definitely needed. Had a few of the signature dishes - pretzels (not enough cheese for all the pretzels), ribs, fried chicken and salted carmel pudding. All were good with interesting flavores but the fried chicken and carmel pudding with caramel popcorn on top were by far the best. The mashed p's and gravy were marginal. The drinks were great - creative ingredients and names. Went for lunch so can't comment about crowd and volume but the decor is pretty sweet so would definitely want to come back for the evening partay.
1	Let me say first that I have and currently work in the restaurant industry, both as front and back of house.The food was very good, as I would expect from a fox concept. We shared the pretzel fondue and the pork belly Cuban. The both were great and came very quickly (I am a sucker for all things pork belly) The food alone made it a 4 star( a bit pricey but it IS Scottsdale fashion) however the atrocious service made for a 2 star review.Our server started off ok, greeted us and got our drink orders (a couple of iced teas) then brought the drinks and took our food order. Had I known that getting a refill wouldn't happen I would have paced myself to really savor it.When our food was ready out server simply handed it over the community bench ( and over my girlfriends head and shoulder) rather than walking it around table side. This seemed downright lazy, and a bit risky and one of the items was steaming fondue for the pretzels.We didn't see the server again for the duration of the meal, no check in on the food, and my glass sat completely the whole meal. Now I am not afraid to ask for what I need, nor do I need/expect constant attention; however our server was MIA and all the other staff was hanging out by the expo/hostess stand and I wasn't about to go chasing someone down.Finally when the server reappeared it was to drop the check, then he was kind enough to ask about the refill as he took my card and brought to go boxes.  The last straw was when rather than offering help packing up the to go he dropped the boxes and ran. This left my girlfriend to handle the cast iron mini-pot of fondue ( which held over a tea light was very hot) luckily years of hot pans in kitchens have left my fingers able to handle hot things. I don't see how most people would not burn themselves, seemed like an unsafe practice to me.Left a 10% tip which is as close as I get to stiffing a server. Having worked in their shoes and seeing servers on the other side of the pass really working their but I generally aim for 20%-25% grat.Most likely will not return, and will be a little wary of any Sam Fox place I haven't been before.Recommend any of the other fine Scottsdale eateries in the area just not this Fox concept.
1	If you're considering trying this place out DON'T!  The management is rude, the ambience is bad and the prices are out of line for portion and quality.
5	Let me just say that if I lived ANYWHERE NEAR Scottsdale, I'd eat here several times a week. I've eaten here twice and loved it both times. The food is amazing and creative and the staff is fun and efficient. The mozzarella and heirloom tomato salad was perfect and the seared tuna salad was a mix of amazing flavors. I had to stop myself from licking the bowl. I work in Scottsdale a few times a year for less than 24 hours at a time, but I'll be back the next time I'm in town.
4	First of all, I'm immediately intrigued by any place that has roasted beets AND caramel corn on the menu (as separate dishes, mind you).  Culinary Dropout is not your typical restaurant.  The menu items are creative but not so far out that the food isn't enjoyable.  I loved the crispy shrimp ceasar salad.  They include kale and lemon zest for an interesting twist.  And yes, I tried the roasted beets and caramel corn.  Both were delicious!As for the decor - meh.  Its appeal is missed on me.  However, I did appreciate the friendly wait staff with their colorful tatoos and piercings.  I liked the fact that the restaurant tries to be different.  It does it well.
4	I love this place! If you haven't been to Culinary Dropout yet, What are you waiting for?I am a repeat offender of this joint and have had almost everything on the menu. The space is well designed and decorated, but it's pretty dark inside. It's also a nice touch with the open kitchen. There is one chef with an amazingly fierce Mo'hawk. On my most recent visit, I had the Fried Chicken. Not really a fried chicken fan, but it was delicious. It was basically half a Chicken accompanied with buttermilk biscuits. Now let's talk drinks. There are some pretty creative drinks on the menu.My favorite is Whiskey based Smashed Irishman. Some days of the weeks this place can get really loud from the live bands they feature.
4	They have really great service and it's a nice place. Mussels were great. But it's a little over priced for the over all selection and quality of the food.
3	Went here for lunch. The service was great.  I liked the chopped salad I shared.  I also ordered the Pub burger.  It was okay- nothing great. I don't think I'll be rushing back.
4	For our first time we had a great time! Our server was very knowledgable about the menu especially the drink menu. Culinary Dropout has to have some off the most creative drinks I've seen in a while. Everyone mentioned the pretzels on Yelp and they were right! The cheese sauce was velvety and delicious and the pretzel bites had the perfect texture. My girlfriend and I both couldn't finish our sandwiches because they are pretty big. I will definitely be going back to try the charcuterie menu.
4	I'm late to the Culinary Dropout party... really late!  But better late than never.  I'm not really sure why it took me so long to head to CD, especially considering I live and work within a half mile, but I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed my first meal here.  (Thanks Todd F suggesting we dine here, and for forcing me into sharing the soft pretzels with provolone fondue app).Speaking of, do not miss the soft pretzels with provolone fondue... it's worth the extra calories for the fluffy, cheesy, heavenly goodness!  I'm already dreaming of returning to have more of these!  Following our shared app, I went with the Chopped Vegetable Salad.  Considering Culinary Dropout is a Fox Restaurant Concept, I was half expecting this salad to be the same as the one they serve at Sauce.  Afterall, the description on the menu is exactly the same as the Sauce version.  But it doesn't do it justice!  In addition to the "asparagus, corn, and avocado," this version has artichokes, pistachios, and a sweet honey dijon vinaigrette.  I had them add shrimp to it as well, and it was incredibly fresh, delicious, and filling.  I'd totally return and order exactly the same thing since I loved it so much.Hannah was our server and she was awesome.  She was friendly and informed us of specials right off the bat (including prices).  She also mentioned that they serve Pepsi products, which I typically find that servers neglect to tell you; especially if you're a Coke person!  Todd and I both had Arnold Palmers to drink, and Hannah (and the other CD staff) made sure we constantly had refills - I was even given a refill to go, which was much appreciated.Overall, I had a great experience at Culinary Dropout.  It may have taken me two and half years (since they opened), but I will likely add this place to my regular lunch location and be there again soon.  Anyone up for lunch at CD tomorrow?!
5	It was my first time and I must say it won't be my last. Scot the manager and logan were very helpful. I had the pretzels and fondu wow !! I had the turkey pastrami and it was so moist ! The bun was delicious and the vibe is so cool. I must say weather might be hot but the people are COOL. THANKS
4	Went there for Father's Day....and a place that I have been wanting to go to for awhile.  Several friends of ours have gone and highly recommended the honey drizzle chicken...and OMG! It is the best restaurant fried chicken that I have ever had!  We also had the beef stroganoff which was very tasty and started the whole meal off with the soft pretzels with provolone cheese....WOW! What an appetizer!  Can't wait to return to try other stuff on their menu!
4	I was here over Memorial Weekend with my friend. We waited 10 minutes and got a great table outside.Our server was so friendly and helped up with suggestions. We probably ordered to much, but some how we did manage to eat it all.I highly recommend their burrata. It was the 2nd best I've ever had. And we had 2 different meats & the olives. The serving sizes on the meats was very generous given the price. the olives were delish too.Give this place a try if you haven't yet. Also, the decor is really cool.
4	Finally made it up to Culinary Dropout and glad I did! I was surprised to see so much menu crossover from other Fox establishments but that didn't stop our table from sharing those famous little pretzels with fondue. Mains were good but nothing mind blowing. The desserts were the shining stars.  I'm glad we had friends to split the chocolate torte & caramel pudding with because I really don't think I'd be able to choose beween the two.
3	We went on a Saturday night. Mistake #1. We waited almost 2 hours and then the girl said she paged us when she clearly did not and we had to wait longer. Finally it was determined that our pager was not working...really annoying. They didn't even bother to apologize. As for the food - wow! The pretzels were amazing! The beer was good too. I would definitely go again - just on a different night. The servers in the restaurant was nice enough. Parking is ample and they have live music on Saturday nights. It seemed more like a bar type of atmosphere based on the amount of flirting/pick up lines going on.All in all this place would receive 4 stars if the service wasn't so terrible up front. The food is really good, but there is no reason to be snobby about it!
4	Say what you want about form preceding function in the west-coast restaurant scene (and you'd be right), but Fox RC knows what they're doing. All of their restaurants are well-designed, well-staffed and well-fooded. [The notable exception being Olive & Ivy, which I feel is like the gorgeous girl at the party who talks a lot, but really shouldn't].Culinary Dropout is one of Fox's best and, so far, most unique productions. It's a beautiful contradiction. Trashy class, unrefined elegance. And it's confident, in both its design and cuisine. The Fish and Chips (with a PBR of course) were the best I've had in my entire life, and not by a little.But CD is not for every person, nor for every occasion. Establishments with this much arrogance forfeit the luxury of being able to rub everyone the right way. Generally, I don't see it as a "girls night out" destination or a place you'd go for Mom's birthday. Then again, I'm sure there are some classy women out there who'd appreciate the paper-bagged Pabst as much as I do.  CD is something to be experienced, at least once, even if you decide afterward that it's not your cup of tea. Stop by for dinner or drinks, appreciate the place for what it is,  and know that the menu means "crusty bread" in the best way possible.Cheers
4	Went here for lunch on a Friday (in the summer) and was able to be seated right away with a party of four.  The atmosphere in the place is really fun, and the beer list is pretty unique!  (A few beers you won't find at many places, and a few I hadn't even heard of!)  There was a good amount of seating outside as well with the misters going so plenty of space!I had the sweet corn cannelloni and it was amazing!  I would go here again just for that dish!  My husband had the pub burger and he said it was very good as well.  The portion sizes are great, the plating looks like a high-end place, and the waiters were really nice and helpful with selecting from the menu when we had questions.  The price is not too cheap, but not too expensive...think a few bucks more than a Chili's or Applebees, but with WAY better food!I'll definitely go again, and would recommend it!
3	Pretty good food, service is average. I had drink with ginger beer in it (name escapes me) but it was excellent!
4	We had a great meal here!I started with the cheap salad as I was craving salad.  HIt the spot.Hubby started with smashed irishman drink and loved.  He moved onto a draft beer.I moved onto Fish and Chips-they were light and just the right size.Hubby had beef stroganoff-he said it was tasty.We ended with the fabulous salted caramel-my fav thing of the night.I think the bill was $62 before tip-pretty reasonable to me.
4	Cuinary Dropout is alice and wonderland, a purple room Beyonce would have in her house, and Elton John. Mix that in a blender.The menu has some gastro pub favorites,  unique takes on classic dishes and then burgers, fries, appetizers, desserts, wines, beers, well drinks, fluffy purple things.. I would recommend drinks-room servicemoscow mule food- meat/cheese. sopresatta, manchengo, marcona the butternut squash raviolis or corn cannelloni fun the M.A.C. Burger   (wayyyyy better than McD's makes- yes there is a middle bun present)Many more dishes to try with their seasonal menu. Will definitely be back, especially for happy hours and after going to Fashion Square.   Walking around the Scottsdale waterfront afterwards is definitely worth checking out.  *~*~*
5	Another place my friend and I have wanted to try. We enjoyed everything. We spilt the warm Italian grinder and thank God. It was huge. No way would I have been able to finish it all by myself. We also split the chopped vegetable salad. Every thing in it I love.  It was awesome. There are several other things I want to try. Like the warm potato chips and French onion dip. The shaved prime rib. And the 36 hour pork ribs. Bring it on. The atmosphere is nice too. I can't wait until its cooler so I can sit on their terrific patio.
3	Culinary Dropout in Scottsdale is one of Sam Fox's restaurants (the guy is behind such gems as True Food Kitchen), and it's always packed on weekend nights.When I went there for dinner on a weeknight, it was also super-busy, and at 8 p.m., our party for three had to wait a half-hour for a table. Not bad for a restaurant these days-glad to see some are still thriving.The place is pretty gorgeous. The beautiful patio has huge comfy seating, as well as a chandelier. There's another chandelier inside, and there's a giant purple wall where the kitchen is. This used to be Pink Taco, and they really re-vamped the space to give it a whole new feel.Seating inside is also ultra-comfortable, with plush, couch-like seating and huge armchairs. The pretty atmosphere is juxtaposed with bare bones, paper menus and a casual staff, who, luckily, get to wear whatever they want. And because this is central Scottsdale, that means the staff is attractive and hip, as is the majority of the crowd. I can see why Scottsdale socialites flock to this spot.The menu consists of comfort food dishes, including grilled cheese sliders, burgers and fried chicken. My party started off with the delicious Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue ($10), which melted in my mouth and were so good, we had to order extra pretzels ($2). It was rich and very satisfying.For my entree, I had Ricotta Gnocchi with mushrooms ($14)-I opted to leave the sausage off. I was really disappointed with this. While I loved the fresh cheese grated on top, the gnocchi was drenched in this heavy broth that almost melted the gnocchi. It also wasn't a very tasty sauce. I guess I should have just asked for a thicker sauce, because I almost felt like I was eating soup.The dessert more than made up for the entree, though. We had Apple Monkey Bread ($8), a concoction of warm and gooey, cinnamon-y bread drenched in a caramel sauce and served with ice cream. It was amazing and worth the trip to the restaurant alone.While I loved some of the food, Culinary Dropout definitely had a "beautiful people" vibe that might put some people off. The service was decent for being that type of place, though, and if you plan on going, make a reservation, since I'm sure this spot is going to stay busy for awhile.
5	One of my favorite places in old town. This place is just cool.   Great date spot.
5	This restaurant was a great find for us on our recent vacation to Scottsdale, AZ.  We were headed to a matinee showing of the Dark Knight Rises movie at Fashion Square Mall, so we looked around for a place to grab lunch in the area.  We picked Culinary Dropout because we liked the witty name.  We had no idea how great this would be.We started off with some of their signature drinks and a bowl of their pretzel bites and cheese fondue.  It was fabulous!  We had to order an extra bowl of pretzel bites because they were so good.  Then came the main course...  I asked the waiter for some recommendations of their "specialty items", and he pointed me to their fried chicken with mashed potatoes, biscuits and honey drizzle (over all of it).  I was hesitant to order that for lunch because it was the middle of the day, and I didn't want to be too full for the movie.  However, another waiter said I would "love it" so I took the plunge.  And am I glad I did!The crust on the chicken was so brown and crispy and the honey glaze gave it a hint of sweetness.  The mashed potatoes were creamy and wonderful as they were topped with cream gravy.  And last but not least were the fluffy and light biscuits.  Having grown up in the South, I've had some good meals of fried chicken, biscuits and mashed potatoes, and I would put this one right up at the top.  I didn't eat all 3 pieces of chicken, but what I did have was amazing!Finally, the women ordered a caramel popcorn & pudding dessert that was totally different than anything I had eaten before, but it was just as wonderful as everything else we ate that day.If you have a chance to check out Culinary Dropout, I would highly recommend you do so.  They even have live music to boot (although not while we were there).
5	Don't ask questions.... Just trust and get the "Soft Pretzel & Provolone Fondue!"Entree Fav's:Chopped Vegetable SaladFried Chicken Chicken CurrySweet Corn CannelloniKorean Style Ribeye Cap
4	I visited this place because I received a gift card from my parents for Fox Restaurants, and I've heard quite a few people recommend this place. We visited today around 2:30pm (definitely not prime time, so it was pretty dead) My husband got the fish and chips, I got the Pub Burger (with Havarti cheese and bacon) It normally comes with mayo and BBQ sauce, I got the BBQ on the side. I ordered the burger medium and it was so juicy and tender, the meat was just crumbling so easily (I can't complain!) We split the Chocolate Toffee Tart Pie...Yum!! Overall, we enjoyed the place. I have a deep appreciation for interior design, and I love how the place is put together.
2	Maybe I am just getting pickier with each review and less generous with my stars, but I am trying to figure out why the previous reviewers raved so much about Culinary Dropout.  There are certainly things to love . . . the expansive outdoor patio with some of the most comfortable seating around. It's great for people-watching as it fronts Camelback Road, just across the street from Scottsdale Fashion Square. On a hot and hazy summer afternoon, we were still very content sitting on the patio.On the negative side . . . The food was not even so-so.  I expected so much more from a Sam Fax Restaurant. We have been fans for years with True Food, North, The Greenhouse and the now-closed Bloom, and they are on our regular dining rotation.  Culinary Dropout was how its name sounded, someone dropped the culinary part when they made our meals. I had a hard time finding something that even sounded appetizing on the menu!  We started with the potato chips and onion dip. Nothing to write home about, although I think that if I had a real salt craving, these might just satisfy it. Maybe I should have ordered the pretzel and provolone fondue . . . For an entree I ordered the ricotta gnocchi with sausage and mushroom . . . sure sounded like a winner . . . NOT! The gnocchi and sauce were pretty tasteless, and the mushrooms and sausage were so salty I couldn't eat them. Mix them all together and it tasted even worse. My husband ordered the Beef Stroganoff and was very disappointed.  There was no sour cream taste whatsoever. Boring was what he called it.So the food is not up to par with the rest of the Fox restaurants, but the worst part was the service. The place was pretty empty, and while our server was attentive to our needs prior to our order, after our food was delivered, he pretty much disappeared -- no water refills, no iced tea refills . . . nothing. On a 106 degree day, that should never happen on the patio!!Needless to say, we won't be making any trips back to Culinary Dropout!
5	Pretzels and fondue. Yes. If you're planning on going here, trust the yelpers and get these. They were uhhhmazing. I would have just eaten them as my entree, but I figured something more well balanced would be a better route. So I got the fried chicken....ha! This also seems to be a fav among the yelpers and I can see why. For 16 bucks you get a HUGE portion of chicken. Im talking 3 monster pieces of chicken, a hefty scoop of mashed potatoes and two biscuits. Not to mention a tasty honey drizzle over the chicken, which I wish there was more of! My boyfriend had the korean style ribeye, which he was not as impressed with as I was with my chicken. I'm not sure what it was that he disliked about it, I was too involved with my food to pay attention to his. We had the apple monkey bread with vanilla ice cream for dessert and ohh my god, it was so good. Just the smell alone would had sufficed as dessert. Service was good. Our drinks were always full and we were never looking around wondering where our server had gone. Next time were up in Scottsdale we'll be coming here!
4	Love, love, love this place!  It has quickly grown to be one of my fav's!  Great ambiance, great food, great service!  It is the first place I take guests visiting AZ.
3	Hands down, A FANTASTIC DECOR & AMBIANCE. But I got to tell ya, the menu sucks. It's disappointing, and the flavors don't impress.
5	Favorite menu items:-Pretzels & Fondue (half off on happy hour M-F 3-6) The BEST pretzels I have ever had!-Shaved prime rib dip-Pork belly cubano-Monkey breadEverything on the menu is yummy though. For a drink I highly recommend the clown punch. The pomegranate foam is so unique and delicious.The decor here is awesome and service has always been very attentive!
4	Overall good experience and met expectations.  Highlights were the pretzel fondue appetizer. Our entrees the Cubano and turkey pastrami were solid B plus to A minus. Good atmosphere and good service. Would recommend.
5	Recently had dinner at the Culinary Dropout and was very impressed.  The ambiance just takes you to a different place and the menu is wonderful and varied.  I had the french onion soup and beef stroganoff.  Both very tasty although the onion soup was a little sweet for my palette.  We decided to follow up the meal with the carmel corn and wow, what a treat.  This is a fun restaurant and the food is good.  A great night out.
4	Place was great. I loved the ambiance, warm and inviting with enough room for privacy. The food was really goodand served quickly, although I do wish everything was a bit warmer when served... prices are average of the Waterfront,as well as the portions, and our server (Johnny I believe...) made great suggestions and was extremely friendly. Try the Turkey Pastrami on a pretzel bun, pretty delicious. Ill be back:)
4	Super trendy restaurant with pretty decent food. Service is kind of slow and the place is loud but it's in a great location and definitely a fun place to go whether it's your first or only stop of the night. If you like other Sam Fox restaurants like Sauce you will probably like this place. The pretzels which cheese fondue are so yummy!
4	Love this place! The interior alone is worth checking out. We went for lunch yesterday & everything on the menu looked amazing. Wine & beer is super reasonably priced - riesling for $6? Not bad. I ordered the grilled cheese sliders with tomato & bacon with a side of fries. Perfect amount of food & really good. Great service as well.
4	I love their chicken curry of all things. Caramel dessert is also fantastic.
5	If you're looking for a great appetizer, definitely get the pretzel and cheese fondue. So good and it's a good amount to share! I haven't been let down by the food here. Everything from the Pub burger, to the chicken curry is great. Wonderful flavors and cooked to perfection. Definitely My favorite place in old town. Love the atmosphere of this restaurant, too.
4	We tried this place out on a Friday night for a friend's birthday. While we waited for our table, we sat outside on the patio with our drinks. The patio space was nice and had additional tables for people to sit and eat. Since it was a warm night, we decided to eat inside. We were seated right in front of the stage at a long table. As the night worn on and got more packed, sitting at this table wasn't exactly ideal because so many people were standing behind us from the bar and bumping into our chairs. It was also pretty dark inside so I did have trouble reading the menu (that's what the flashlight app on your smart phone is for I guess). The ambience of the restaurant was very impressive with the purple tile walls and huge chandeliers. It reminded me of Vegas?Our waitress was very friendly and helpful on drink and food choices. Our table started with the kettle chips and pretzels with provolone fondue. Ummm just have to say, the pretzels and fondue were fantastic!!! Huge hit at our table and we are still raving about them days after we ate them! The chips were also good.I decided to split the chopped vegetable salad and sweet corn canelloni with my boyfriend. The chopped vegetable salad was a nice light note with a ton of vegetables and worked well with our entree, the sweet corn canelloni. The canelloni was really good but if you're hungry, I wouldn't recommend splitting it. For us, we knew it was going to be a night of drinking so we didn't want to over-do it. Perfect amount for the occasion. I stuck with my usual white wine for the night but many of my friends ordered speciality cocktails. I was able to try a couple and thought they were strong but good. As we were leaving, the band came in and started playing. We could hear them through the loud speakers on the patio and they sounded pretty good, playing a few cover songs from popular pop/rock singers. It was definitely a fun place to go for a friday night and would return.
3	Oh boy. I did it again. I tried one of those uber-trendy downtown Scottsdale eateries. Which resulted in mixed feelings.Atmosphere was a bit frenzied to me. I don't think that is what they are going for but it wasn't very relaxing.Our server was very personable and helpful with the menu.Our cocktails were amazing. Pricey but worth every penny. My husband had a whiskey drink and I had a gin drink. Forgot the names but they were awesome and extremely creative.We started out with the pretzels and cheese fondue. Oh so good. Piping hot salty fluffy pillows of pretzel dipped in gooey, delicious cheese fondue. And a huge portion... enough for about 4 people. It's good that the portion was big because of what happened next...I ordered the chopped vegetable salad. The menu says it contains corn, avocado, artichoke, asparagus, pistachios, and Parmesan. I was envisioning something similar to the chopped salad at Cowboy Ciao as far as vegetable content. What I got was mostly lettuce, a little bit of asparagus, corn, and pistachios, some beets (which was not mentioned on the menu and I can't stand), and barely any dressing and Parmesan. Absolutely no avocado or artichoke. Trust me I spent 10 minutes picking through the salad looking at it. In the server's defense he offered to bring me another salad which I declined. I filled up on pretzels while picking through my salad and I was already full. He offered to bring me a free dessert which again I declined because of my pretzel filled belly. My husband's grilled cheese sliders were passable. Good fries. My gripes are with the kitchen who completely missed two key ingredients... to a hungry vegetarian this is a sin. Also with management. I only ate 1/4 of the salad. I didn't want a new one or dessert. I paid $12 for a bowl of lettuce. The salad being comped should have been a given. And trust me I am not a complainer as most of my reviews are 4 or 5 stars.All that being said, I do really want to give CD another try. Their drinks were exquisite and judging by the pretzels I know they probably have some other good menu items up their sleeve... but their chopped vegetable salad isn't one of them.
3	Fried chicken was pretty good!Go for desert!!!Monkey bread + coffee! Great!
2	Don't get Breonna as your server. Didn't ask if we wanted another drink after we decided to stick to appetizers. She didn't appear to know where the water was or remembered we were at one of her tables. Food was good as always.
4	as recommended by many on Yelp we tried the soft pretzels fondue... and it was a success!  definitely need to limit yourself so you don't get too full before your meal.the menu has a little bit of everything, but not overwhelming. the only hard thing is deciding what sounds better!we tried the pastrami sandwich and the chef salad. both are DELISH! I'm not a big pastrami person because it has a distinct taste to it, but this one was definitely an exception. it wasn't dry and it didn't have a weird after taste. it had you wanting more.the chef salad that was recommended by our waitress & it was definitely a great choice. it wasn't the usual boring chef salad - the taste was different & the dressing didn't taste store bought.... i could be wrong....but the ingredients all together worked perfectly. the quality of the ingredients made a difference.I'm a carboholic - and the sandwich was definitely worth having, but i think the salad for me is worth having again.we'll be back and our next objective is to tackle the fried chicken.... until next time culinary dropout, until next time....
3	The pretzel fondue is one of the best appetizers anywhere. The food and drinks are pretty good but nothing else stands out.
3	Was ok....trendy....cool lighting.....chairs were ginormous inside.....SMELLED LIKE ROTTEN SOMETHING! We got use to the smell, but if it was not for our friend, we would have left. The smell was just raunchy. My gf said maybe it was because of the meats and cheeses they serve. Prime dip was bomb, fries ok. All the other food was average. Just your typical Fox Concept. Yard House is right across the street and much tastier.
4	We went here to try the restaurant week menu, and left very satisfied and full! For $30 you get your choice of 3 appetizers (Pretzel bread with fondue, Caesar salad, French onion soup), 4 entrees (Ribs, fried chicken, salmon, sweet corn cannelloni), and various desserts (Salted caramel custard, apple monkey bread, chocolate toffee tart).  A mug of beer on tap or a paper-bag beer is also included in your $30, which makes it a great deal!  I had the pretzel bread with cheese fondue, which was a sizable portion, with soft, salted bread and smooth, tasty cheese.  Another person had ordered the Caesar salad, which was decent, but nothing extraordinary.  For the main course I had the salmon, which was decent.  It was cooked well, very tender, and it was served with apples, fennel, and some sweet glazed wheatberries.  For me, it was a tad too sweet due to the apples and sweet wheatberries, and the portion was small compared to the normal price of the meal ($20).  I tried the ribs which were nice and tender, and the chicken, which kind of reminded me of KFC original recipe, except with better quality, more tender chicken.  For dessert we shared some apple monkey bread and the chocolate toffee tart.  Both were delicious.I think if I were paying full price for all these items, it would be a 3 star experience for me.  Since we got so much for $30, it was definitely worth trying this restaurant out for restaurant week.  Would I go here again?  I would probably go here to try out their happy hour, or maybe to get a light meal and also try some of their interesting sounding cocktails.
4	Came in mostly based on the name, as it is a great one. The decor and feel were really cool, and our server was very friendly and accommodating. I had a burger with bacon and cheese. The burger was very good and the fries were as well. They had some happy hour deals, and I got a beer on tap. I came in around 4, so it wasn't too busy, but I look forward to coming in again at night time and checking out some of their other drinks and food.
4	One of the more edgy/younger/hipper of the FRC's. Hence the name. I've been here a lot and here's what I like to do:Start off ordering the Pretzels with Cheese Fondue and/or the House Potato Chips with onion dip. Neither of those will disappoint and go great with beer/cocktails. Don't waste your money on the specialty drinks that outline the menu. They're all pretty expensive for what you get and I've never been truly impressed. They taste more like the bartender was a dropout. Go with beer or mixed drinks that you know. Feeling risky? Order the Brown Bag Special. You'll get a can of Natural Light, Busch Lite or PBR. A nifty novelty. On Sundays, get the bacon infused Bloody Mary. The bacon slice was bigger than the one on my burger. No joke.I like to order the Pub Burger. It's got havarti, bacon and nice bun. Not as overwhelming as the MAC Burger. If you've had FRC burgers, these don't stray from that recipe. The Fried Chicken is greasy and incredible. Ask for extra wetnaps. I'm also a big big fan of the Turkey Pastrami sandwich. The tender meat meshes well with the bread and cheese. I'm not usually a pickle person, but for some reason the side dill pickle complements the overall flavor perfectly. Honestly, I've been satisfied with almost everything here - except the curry.Don't go on Fri/Sat nights unless you want to wait an hour. There isn't a dress code for the waitresses/hosts so it's got a cool hipster vibe. The patio is a good place to sit on an amiable night.Bottom line: Order your favorite drink, one or two of the appetizers, and split an entree.
5	Great service, amazing Food...The Fried Chicken is out of this world..My only drawback is that dont do reservations...first come first serve and bewteen 5-930 getting in is tuff, but this place i swell worth the wait...Amazing, Amazing, Amazing
2	Waitress Megan, better known as Dance, was the best part of dinner. She's a five (actually a ten, but that's a different scale).Place was nice enough, and we sat outside with a nice breeze that was delightful.Food was definitely, as the Yelp two star review puts it, "Meh, I've experienced better." It wasn't bad, just nothing special.
5	When we arrived we were told the wait would be about 45-60 min. Rather than give you one of those flashing plastic discs they offered to text us when our table was ready. After barely getting drinks at the bar we had a table ready-which only took about 10 min! Our server was very friendly and made recommendations from the menu-which were great! We weren't looking for full entrees, just something lighter. So she suggested the pretzel bread fondue and something from their antipasti menu. I had only heard of the pretzel bread appetizer......now I know why the legend lives!!! It was amazing! She kept our water glasses full, which I always appreciate, and we had a great night.
3	I think the best thing about this place is the location. Its a Sam Fox restaurant so we had high expectations but were a but disappointed. Inside seating is different but bar and outside patio is much better.  The young service personnel were not the friendliest and service was slow even during a Wednesday afternoon at 4pm. Pretzel appetizer was the best on the menu, but not sure if we would return.  Fox has much better restaurants than this.
4	Good food.  Not one of my favorite fox restaurants-wouldn't go out of my way to go here.  But, the service has always been good and the ambiance is nice.
2	Service is awesome. Food is ok, Mediocre, price doesn't match the taste
2	I was invited to Culinary Dropout for a Moms night out - and as a mom - nothing is better than having good food, a few drinks, and nice conversation.  I really wanted to be excited about this place but as soon as I saw the drink list was more extensive than the actual food menu I knew I was at a bar (which isn't what I was going for)..That being said - the drinks were exceptional - between the HomeEc Martini to the bacon infused Bloody Mary...  Hands down, FIVE stars..  Overpriced?  I think the pricing aligns with the market/area..The place was loud..  Like, really loud..  Which again, kind of aligns with the whole "bar" feel.  It wasn't conducive for conversation that didn't require yelling..  However, the general appearance of the place gives your senses a little tingle because it is beautifully decorated, from the multiple GIANT chandeliers to the purple, textured wall, it was pleasing to the eye.  Which was a nice distraction from the groaning in my stomach from the hour and a half wait.When it did come time to be seated and order I was forced to review that scant menu once again..  Because of all of the Yelpers recommendation, we got two orders of the pretzel fondue, as well as one order of oysters.  Nothing wrong with any of it.  Oysters were nice and fresh and properly prepared (very important!); the pretzel fondue was good but I didn't see God or anything.  Pretzels were nice and fluffy.  I kind of 'get' the 'dropout' concept from the menu - meatloaf, fried chicken, beef stroganoff, burgers, gnocchi - I guess they are giving a twist to comfort foods..?  The descriptions were lacking, and I didn't read one description that screamed "eat me! I'm awesome!"..  I finally settled on beef stroganoff simply because I imagined it would be hard to be disappointed.  It was obvious to me they are using quality, fresh ingredients.  The stroganoff had peas, nice pieces of meat, mushrooms, and a nice beef broth; but ya can't give a girl a dollop of sour cream?  C'mon man!  It wasn't terrible - but it wasn't the eighth wonder of the world either.  Will I go back?  For drinks, yes...  But will reserve my meal for a better menu, with better tasting food, probably some where else.
5	Typical fox fashion, epic atmosphere, beautiful staff-- oh and the food is great too ;) wasn't surprised when I learned its a fox concept. reluctantly went, pleasantly surprised!
4	I would have given it a 5....would have.The food is off the charts good.  Pretzels, Italian sandwich, fried chicken, and the awesome grilled cheese sliders are all my favorites.  BUT.....one of my cousins ordered a soft drink with his meal.  we ordered ALOT of food so we were there awhile, so he had quite a few refills.  Server was on the ball, she'd go fill it up even if it was only 2/3rds empty.  At the end of the day (bill).  He was charged for 6 softdrinks at upwards of $2.50 a piece.  Besides not mentioning in the menu or by the waitress....to charge full refills for not empty cups, just wow.  pay attention...no free refills here, and guard your cup with your life if its not empty.  Other than that... YUM!
4	The atmosphere was very trendy, and fun. The food was awesome. The pretzels and cheese were super yummy. I had the beef stroganoff, and it wasnt heavy like normal beef stroganoff, it was elegant and I loved it. My Dad and friend has the meat loaf and said it was delicious. definitely will eat there again!
1	My first and only trip to Culinary Dropout was one that I never would like to relive again.  We went on a Saturday night and sat outside to enjoy the weather.  After we were done eating what I would consider to be average food, we were actually brought the check (without asking if we wanted anything else) and expected to pay right then.  We informed our server that we were not finished and were told that if we were going to stay we had to move to another table because they had already given our table away.  Once we moved, and had a few more drinks, we were brought the bill two more times and then told we needed to pay.  Asking to see the manager did absolutely no good.  We were not rowdy, rude, or mean however we were treated as if we were sub par patrons.  With a $300 tab for the food and drinks for the table I am shocked that our service was absolutely terrible.  I would not recommend going to this restaurant at all; that is assuming it will be around that much longer.
4	The pretzel fondue is my favorite thing.  Also the fried chicken was pretty good
2	Spent a casual afternoon in the area and decided to stop by Culinary Dropout for a light bite and a glass o wine. Weekday afternoon - not busy at all. We decided on a seat outdoors. Our server brought out the menu, took our drink order and we asked for a few more minutes to fill out the fun "sushi-like" menu to design our very own antipasti. Waited a really long time for our server to return, my hubby had to go chase down the waiter. We finally ordered one meat, one cheese, some grilled asparagus and bread and olive oil. TONS of bread and very little of everything else. Not great or over the top ingredients - we could have done better at AJ's or Whole Foods. All in all, very poor service and more talk than walk on the food. Don't think we'll go back to try anything else as it was pricey for what we got and again, the service sukt.
5	Lord have mercy!!! We went and checked out the Culinary Dropout (finally) this past Friday for the hubs birthday. We love Fox restaurants and hadn't been to this one yet. The atmosphere is really cool, kinda loud and totally fun. Our waitress was the cutest thing ever! She was on top of everything and a real pleasure, I don't remember her name but she had blond and pink hair and looked like a pin up model! For starters we got the soft pretzel bites with the fondue. Seriously amazing, you will be cheating yourself if you do not order these. For dinner I got the fried chicken with the honey  drizzle, I loved it, super crunchy! However the mashed potato's that came with were very "gluey", I was not a fan of that. For dessert we had to order two because we couldn't decide between what to get, and I am glad we did! We were only going to get the peanut butter cup which was super amazing but then at the last minute I also tossed on the Carmel pudding dessert topped with the Carmel popcorn...OH MY GOD...I could eat this every day and never get tired of it! I am currently pregnant so I couldn't sample any of the cocktails, but the menu for them looked amazing, the husband ordered the crushed Irishmen and said it was very tasty!
5	We went to Culinary Dropout to celebrate a friend's birthday and had a wonderful time!  We started out with the pretzels with cheese.  Everyone in the group enjoyed them immensely.  Our server was Michael, and he did an excellent job providing our group with recommendations for entrees and drinks.  I ordered the fried chicken which turned out to be fantastic!  Everyone in our group was impressed by the quality and taste of the food.  This place has a cool atmosphere and the professionalism of the staff was impressive.  The manager came over to check on us and thanked us for coming in.  If you are looking for a fun place to feast, I highly recommend checking out the Culinary Dropout!
4	Huge fan!  Service, food and atmospere.  I have been there now twice within 3 week and plan to return again soon.
5	French dip is off the chain! A must eat in Scottsdale. Staff is well trained and friendly.
5	The best fried chicken I've had in my life.  PLUS amazing decor, great/fun service, delicious drinks, and the rest of the food (outside of the incredible fried chicken) is darn good too.  Highly recommend!
5	Great food and service. Led Zeppelin cover band, "The Song Remains the Same", although touted as the best band that plays there, was not good at all.
3	I think this is really 3 1/2 stars so know that going in.  Also know that I'm going to be really, really picky right now because I think they can handle it.Mother-daughter lunch New Year's day. Walked in to a not-too-full, not-too-empty restaurant at 1:30.  Hostess was charming....and our waitress was as well. Very, very good service.Ordered the chips and dip (again) - they were perfect.  I see I wrote last time they were a little greasy....this time we couldn't stop commenting about how NOT greasy they were. Perfectly browned, crispy and delicious. Plus we swore the basket kept refilling itself. No matter how much we ate it never seemed like it was disappearing.  Weird.Daughter had the grilled cheese sliders (with bacon and tomato) and liked it a lot.  I had the seared tuna salad....and here's where I'm going to get picky.  The whole thing was waaaaayyy too cold. Especially the lettuce.  I felt like the flavors had absolutely no chance to work together to create a deeper flavor.  Towards the end, as it almost came to room temperature, I started to actually be able to taste the flavors of the tuna, the light dressing, the avocado, the cashews and the wasabi balls (or whatever those are called). Please....don't serve this salad that cold.....it truly does make it fairly flavorless. Also - the wasabi thing-a-ma-jiggys really didn't add anything - the cashews gave me a crunch - put a little wasabi in the dressing if you want that flavor in there.I'd still come back - I like the atmosphere, the service, and definitely the menu choices.
3	Cool restaurant, awesome menu design, good atmosphere, and pretty good food. Service....RUDE! Snotty pretentious female server yelled at one of the guys at our table because she couldn't understand what he was saying. Bad day or not, your job is customer service. Other than her, try the fried chicken and the pretzel bites with the cheese fondue. Yum!
4	Another visit, another great meal.  Man, I love this place.   The soup was excellent and the sandwich... DELISH!   I'm happy every time I visit.   What's that?  Why not 5 stars you ask?  We always go at lunch because it's just too much of a bar scene for my tastes.  I'll leave that scene to you smokin' hot 25 year olds.
1	Let me start this off with saying this is more about the atrocious service and how downhill this place has gone. About a year ago I had some clients, or are restaurant venture capitalist back in NYC, in town and we stopped by CD for drinks and a casual dinner. Great time, they loved it, so we went back last Saturday.Got there, drinks at the bar went perfect then we were sat, were all went downhill. Our waitress was this shorter blonder girl with longer hair, wish I had gotten her name to call her out. Took her 30 minutes to get us water and drinks, blamed it on the bartenders being all new, which is a lie because the bartenders had taken excellent care of us 20 minutes earlier. Spilt two of the cocktails all over us then proceeded to tell us they ran out of pretzels but if we wanted she could have them make it, 30 minutes after our order was placed. Did you run out of them or forgot to put it in? Instead of a beef barely soup she brought a beef stroganav, mind you she wrote this order down on paper twice because she said she lost the pad the first time. Burger with no cheese? Arrived with cheese. Then comes the bill at which point she tells us that we shouldn't worry she didn't charge us for the pretzels she never brought or the drinks she spilt on us. Then she left us with more words of wisdom, you should all come back on a Monday and Tuesday when it's slow and empty, Saturdays are too busy and we should expect everything to get screwed up.Are you kidding me? I think they've started employing either complete trashy idiots or people who are drunk or high while on the job.
4	Went here for lunch while in town on New Years Day with my aunt and a cousin.**The atmosphere was great-- the chairs are fun and comfy-- you want to curl up and hang out!  The chandeliers are beautiful, and the Edison light bulbs are retro industrial and fun.**The service was excellent-- our waitress was helpful and nice-- she answered our questions and made great recommendations.**The food was delicious!-- We started with the pretzel fondue, and for someone who usually steers clear of too many carbs, I definitely had my share!  My cousin had the chicken curry and loved it-- she was still talking about it the following day!  My aunt and I both had the winter salad-- the flavors were outstanding and I would definitely order it again!I can't wait to be back in Scottsdale-- I'll be visiting Culinary Dropout again and definitely having a cocktail in one of their exquisite chairs!
4	The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the wait is just too long on most weekends and their front of house staff doesn't seem Johnny on The Spot all the time.  The food is always great.  We've had the fried chicken-which is rockin!  It's moist and flavorful.  I love the gravy they serve with it.  We've also had the trout and pasta dishes that are very good.  We also love the fondue with pretzels and the House potato chips and dip.  I could take a bath in the dip it's THAT awesome.  Live music on Fridays is great too.  I love the decor in the place too.
4	I have to admit I was a bit hesitant to patronize an establishment called Culinary Dropout in the silicone cultural wasteland of Scottsdale. In a hipster mecca like San Francisco, Seattle or Brooklyn I'd just assume it was ironic but I wasn't sure the target audience would get it.I'm not sure if it counts as de-gentrification but at least the management gets it. Culinary Dropout is, straight up, excellent American comfort food at prices that aren't overall comforting but are reasonable for the neighborhood. The staff, for which a minimum beauty and/or edge standard is strictly enforced (the explanation that best explains a visible mohawk in the open kitchen) are friendly and help it along in a cavernous, moodlit dining room suitable for friends or a date along with a bar boasting live music on weekends and the obligatory fair-weather outdoor seating.We hit two of the three specialties (the third being a turkey pastrami sandwich on pretzel bread) and a dessert:- Soft Pretzels with Provolone Fondue ($10): There's a reason everyone orders this. Fluffy pretzel rolls that are made better with a *small* amount of warm cheese.- Fried Chicken ($16): What must be multiple pounds of juicy chicken (I'm not sure I'd want to meet the chicken to which the breast piece belonged in a dark alley) with honey-glazed biscuits, mashed potatoes and cole slaw.- Chocolate Peanut Butter Tart ($6): For lovers of dense and sweet desserts only.Especially if considering dessert, I'd strongly recommend ordering the pretzels and then one dish less than the number of people - comforting in the United States means heavy and even if I'd just hiked 10+ miles after not eating all day I don't think I could have finished the entire chicken platter. I just as strongly recommend coming though - it is one of the rare cases where my traditionalist meat and potatoes parents and I agree on a restaurant. Culinary Dropout has enough of a sense of humor as it can possibly maintain among plastic "charm" and the food makes me a bit wistful for whatever the chef would have produced had s/he not called it quits.
4	Pretzel fondue... butternut squash cannellone... the burger... all excellent!  Heck, if I was Cuban, then I would sneak into America just to eat the cuban sandwich at Culinary Dropout.  Total food porn here.Thirst-quenching cocktails that satisfy even the biggest hunger.  !Esta muy beuna!  (I don't actually speak Spanish, so just pretend that makes sense... besides, my English is well-written).The live music was a bit loud, so maybe we'd have fared better sitting outside... but it's just so damn cool and hip-looking inside...Service is pretty prompt and attentive, which can sometimes be hard to find these days.  And any place that allows me to eat amazing food AND look at all the hotties walking outside Fashion Square Mall at the same time is a star in my book!
5	OH MY GOSH! This is my favorite place. The decorations are soo beautiful. EVERYTHING looks amazing! And the seats are SUPER comfortable. Try the Fried Chicken dish. It's delicious! Never had such delicious chicken. The people here are super hip and so kind!
5	Have been several times since this review. Have enjoyed everything I have tried. But I am writing to say you MUST TRY THE SALTED CARAMEL PUDDING OMG OMG OMG! DO IT!!!
4	Went here for the first time with co-workers the other day.  Our lunch started with the Pretzel bites with Fondue, which was delicious.  Not much of a pretzel fan, but I could eat these all day.  Enjoyed the Turkey Pastrami Sandwich, which had swiss cheese and cole slaw in it as well on a pretzel roll.  The sandwich was good and so were the fries that came with it.Service was very good and my co-workers enjoyed their burgers and salads too.  To finish our meal, we enjoyed the gooey caramel corn.  I'll have to go back and try this place for dinner on another trip to Scottsdale.
4	Great ambiance! And if there's anywhere you're going to splurge on carb overload, this is definitely the place to do it with their pretzel bites and fondue.
3	Great location. Okay food. Kinda overpriced.
5	After an extremely rough day of our culinary tour/pub crawl, we need a place to sit, collect our thoughts, and continue eating and drinking.  While I was trolling yelp for a place to go, this popped up.  Several of the items on the menu are the same as The Arrogant Butcher so I put on my detective shoes (translation: used the internet on my phone) to discover that yes indeed, this is a Fox restaurant.  Oddly enough, the two items mentioned are the only duplicates from Arrogant Butcher.  The menu is casual gastropub fare and the drink list is fantastic.  Our waiter was attentive and kept us mired in food and drink.  The pretzel bites are a must order (here or at Arrogant Butcher).  We also ordered a meat and cheese plate - yum!  Drinks were inventive and tasty.  Dessert was delicious as well although I was a tiny bit disappointed in the apple monkey bread.  It was good but lacking a little something-something.  The outside patio is lovely.  I recommend going on a Saturday afternoon when it's not terribly crowded.  Bueno!
2	Don't go!  Food was good and the waitress was very nice.  However my husband ordered bottom shelf margaritas and was charged for top shelf.  I got a kaluha didn't know what they brought the waitress agreed and said she'd bring a new one and then charged me for both.  Food was good and the atmosphere was good but I would never go back or recommend since you are going to be ripped off if you do not look over your bill completely.
4	Great atmosphere, food and staff. The soft pretzels and fondue are great. Highly Recommend
4	Oh  Sam Fox, I love you.  I am a huge fan of the culinary confections that you whip up and have never been disappointed when dining at a FRC restaurant.  Culinary Dropout is no exception. I have been here several times, for drinks and appetizers, for lunch and for dinner and everytime I am pleased with the food.  The service has had a few hiccups, but nothing earth shattering. The bacon bloody mary is delicious and the salmon is dreamy and the pretzels and fondue, OMG...you had me at fondue.  Keep up the good work and I will keep giving you my money.  :)
5	I love Culinary Dropout! I've been to both AZ locations and both are good!The service is always phenomonal and I love the food!  Pretzels and Fondue are definitely a must have.  The meat and cheese's are also good! I've had a few things there and all of them were delicious!  I can't wait to try more!
4	For a brand new, only been open for 2 weeks venue we were really impressed. I'm confident this place will easily be 5 stars and a favorite hang out of ours. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the food was all quite a bit over salted and they reeeeally need to work out a better parking situation. Again, minor kinks to be worked out.We arrived around 2:30 pm on a Sunday afternoon before going to the Sun's game downtown. The very small parking lot was packed and "Valet Only" the surrounding streets were neighborhoods and cars were parked in front of houses for blocks. If I lived in one of those houses I would be pretty pissed every Friday and Saturday night.We almost left because we thought the place would be over crowded but decided to give it a try. The inside of the restaurant was decent sized and had a very comfortable and inviting vibe. The patio was ginormous to quote Will Ferrel and lavishly decorated with plush green couches and large wing backed chairs. Large light bulbs were strewn across the covered patio along with pretty chic chandeliers making for a lovely lit canopy in the evenings. Casual? Yes, you can wear jeans here but don't mistake this place for a trendy, of the moment venue were the patrons are dressed in their very best wanna be Scottsdale attire.Enough with the decor (Oh, but I didn't mention the bathroom shocker.......) We were there in the early afternoon, it was busy but we were seated outside promptly.  I ordered 2 appetizers, the "Grilled Artichoke with Lemon Aioli Sauce" and the "12 Hour Slow Roasted Tomatoes".  My husband orderd the Fish and Chips with Cole Slaw.  The artichoke was grilled perfectly, charred in all the right places with a hint of smokiness and not to oily. The lemon aioli was divine. There was a bit too much salt which would have been fine if all the other food wasn't over salted as well. The tomatoes were Roma style and served whole and cold which I wasn't prepared for. They were a nice accompaniment to my artichoke but were all-in-all over glorified canned tomatoes. My husbands fish and chips had a smoked flavor which was wonderful and the fish was cooked perfectly and fell apart nicely and was moist and flavorful again, a bit over salted but still good, all the more reason to order another beer.Our waitress was very friendly, helpful and prompt!
5	OMG... great place!! Loved the roasted beets, the Winter Salad, and ESPECIALLY the YUMMY carmel popcorn dessert.... AMAZING!!!! Definitely be back here soon!!
4	After a 2 hour horse back riding session in the "desert" me and the group of people I was with needed a place to chow down. Someone suggested we go somewhere in downtown Scottsdale which apparently is really fancy/upscale. I'm pretty the Restaurant name kinda throws some people off about what type of food/quality of service that they offer. The outside has a nice sandstone finish to it with these giant pillars; it almost looks like a modern day palace. The inside decor was something I didn't expect. It had a very dark/gothic feel to it with black leather chairs and hanging chandeliers. Our waiter was very casual and for the most part attentive to our needs. The atmosphere is more laid back and our waiter gave us a few recommendations and was able to inform us of exactly what dish was what.There's a mystery Brown Beer Bag special where you can pay 2 bucks and you get a random beer in the brown lunch bag (which sounds like fun/crazy, but I dont drink, lolz). For an appetizer we all shared the Pretzels with Cheese Fondue... OMG that may be one of THE best appetizers in recent memory. The pretzel bites were warm, soft, and the sprinkled sea salt was a great addition. Dip that into the Provolone Cheese and it is a mouthful of wonderfulness. I could have easily eaten that whole appetizer by myself had I not ordered my entree. I got the fried chicken, which apparently is VERY good. The fried chicken did not disappoint. The chicken itself was very moist and tender and the chicken skin was absolutely delicious. The chicken skin was lightly fried and had a hint of honey to it. Chicken came with a thigh, breast and a leg and two buttermilk biscuits; could have easily been shared by two people. My only small complaint was that the chicken could have used a little bit more seasoning, if it wasn't for the chicken skin, it would have been game over for me. My girlfriend got the pork ribs and it seemed like a good idea, but in the end, it probably wasn't... first off this is a WHOLE rack of ribs so it is definitely a two person entree. The sauce was almost a little too sweet and the ribs itself didn't offer anything to rave about. It tasted good, but not great. Prices are a little steep with most of the main entrees starting at 15+. The name kinda disappointing b/c I was expecting unusual flavor combinations but it wasn't there. Overall, I enjoyed my meal and would go back for those pretzels and cheese, yum!
4	Great spot for a date night. Patio is perfect when the weather is nice!We started off with the pretzel bites fondue and the homemade potato chips. Yum and yum! Perfect snack while waiting for entrees. If I wasn't pregnant, I would have definitely enjoyed one of the many cocktails or beers. Pretty good selection!Main course was the butternut squash canneloni for me and the meatloaf for my husband. The canneloni was absolutely delicious! Loved the sauce and veggies. Mmm! Husband really enjoyed the meatloaf and green beans. Only minor complaint is that the mashed potatoes were a little over-whipped for our tastes (we both prefer them to be a bit lumpy).For dinner, we couldn't pass up the apple monkey bread and vanilla gelato. So, so good! It was like adding chunks of apple pie filling to monkey bread.Definitely worth the trip from Gilbert! We will be back!
4	I had to wait but it was worth it. I put my name in, and got a text with a link to check the status of my wait. I received a text when my table was ready giving me a chance to wander Scottsdale Fashion Square while I waited. The service I received was grand and attentive. The food was delicious!
5	Great place, awesome service. After spending a business trip on the east coast encountering terrible wait staff and mediocre food, this place was a breath of fresh air.We came in about an hour before closing looking for food (every restaurant's nightmare) on a Saturday. They sat us right away. Mike, our waiter, was extremely helpful. He was patient with us, answered our questions, made great recommendations, and was very friendly. Having to work a crowded place late on a Saturday night, not many people would be so nice. He even gave us a heads up to make our dessert order before the kitchen was closed. Another guy with an epic beard (sorry, didn't catch his name)who wasn't our waiter was just as helpful even though he didn't have to be. Most people would have said they would try to find our actual waiter. This guy stopped what he was doing to help and he was completely genuine (and patient with my friend's never ending questions). The food here is amazing also. I highly recommend the pretzel bites, the turkey pastrami, and my friend really liked his burger, too.They have live music on Friday and Saturday and the band on the night we went was amazing, and very fitting for the atmosphere.I hate to tell too many people about this gem, because I want to keep it my little secret. But there is a lot of buzz about this place and it deserves praise.
4	This place is beautiful! I love the open atmosphere it creates with long large tables, large chairs and open windows and doors to the patio area. The chandeliers hanging in the main dining area add just that bit of "fancy" the place needs, perfect touch. I really enjoy the patio seating this time of year, even though you are sat close together to other groups for some reason you still get a privacy vibe. I don't know if it's the way the tables are set up, or the company I was with! They have a small stage inside that they have live music played some nights, but I don't really enjoy it for I feel its a little too much for the restaurant.The food is delicious! We decided to get the onion dip and chips for an appetizer, something really easy that you can eat at home right? Well Culinary makes a great dip! We couldn't stop ourselves, trying to remember that our main courses were coming! I had the rainbow trout! I NEVER eat fish so when I am randomly craving it, this place is where I come. It's smothered in almonds and this delicious creamy sauce...... HANDS OFF I don't share this dish. My boyfriend decided to ordered the fried chicken (which you have to wait a little extra time for) and it was definitely worth the wait. The chicken was moist and tender and the sides of mashed potatoes and coleslaw were like eating at grandma's house.I am very impressed with the staff here. On a Wednesday night, it was pretty packed, for 2 we had to wait about 30 minutes but the staff is very courteous by grabbing your cell number and texting you when your table is ready. The bar had a few open seats, so we were able to have a drink before dinner. I like that there are no uniforms here, each of the staff members are able to show off their individuality and personality with the way they dress, which I feel makes them more comfortable and friendly. Its really hipster, the staff is very friendly and laid back! If you're not paying attention it does make it a little hard to find your waitress or waiter, but you should be so kind to pay attention to the people taking care of you for the evening.Certainly a great place to put on your list. Great location, great atmosphere, great staff and delicious food! Keep it up Culinary!!
4	I like it, and if you stop by on a weekend night you will see that so do large numbers of hipsters and gen Y douches.
1	Is there a zero star.  Service was extremely slow uncooperative.   Fish and chips were soggy not even one bit of crisp.  Pretty sad.  I would highly recommended not going here.  The servers couldn't even get the meal entrees right.  I have been to some bad places in my life but this tops them all.
4	Great time at this restaurant! Very crowded on a Friday night. We were luck to find a bar seat on the patio and got served quickly. The bartenders were busy as can be but still gave us just the right amount of attention. We ordered the antipasti plate ... it was perfect! I also tried my hand at the Bacon Bloody Mary ... I can't stop talking about it. HUGE FAN.
1	Worst night at a restaurant ever.  Waited an hour for a table then an hour after that for food.  I'm normally very patient and have eaten here before. Never had as bad experience as tonight.  They comp'd the meal but since this is my first Yelp post ...that tells you how bad this experience was tonight.
1	This place has terrible service. Our waitress was the worst! No eye contact when greeting us. Hardly checked on us. There were 9 of us & our food was delivered in spurts. I'm giving it 1 star because the food was good, once it got there.
3	I wanted to try this place while walking around the area of Scottsdale! Loved the decor and outdoor/indoor seating.Good place for a group of friends!  Our waiter was super awesome.  Gave a few suggestions.  We started w the pretzel fondue and it was hugeeeeee.  It was only my mom and I and we could only eat  a few.  She also loved the soup of the day but I loved the honey fried chicken!!!!! TRY IT TRY IT TRY IT.  You won't be disappointed :)
3	I've been anxious to try CD since the Pink Taco departed a few years ago and Fox Restaurant Concepts put Culinary in it's place. I took my bestie here last weekend to celebrate her birthday. We got there before the 'rush' of dinner arrivees landed and scored a primo spot on the patio for good people watching.. not in the patio bar.. but just in the right spot... well, so we thot. Get to that in a bit! We started with catching up as we usually do and opted for mojitos...plain and simple. The waitress was a little.. hmmmm .. what should we describe her as. Well, she sat down when I was putting on a refresher of lipstick and asked me, "Why I was putting on my lipstick?"  (cheesy smile). I could not tell if she was being funny or patronizing me. So I came back with a .. "Ummmmm, well, because I wanted to put my lipstick on and leave it all over the mojito glass?" (cheesy smile.)... She laughed and took our order. Weird. But laughable. We opted for the pretzel and fondue app. Both of us had heard much ado about it on yelp, of course. And it was going by all around us... so it must be good. She asked if we had ever had it and when we said no, she asked "What rock we had been living under".. " Oh just our own.. little rock in the library up the street", I said. Really? Does this girl want to go with my wit? Or with my sarcasm? I can't tell. :-) Let me say this.. that stuff was to die for. Worth the heaven in your mouth.. worth the TWO workouts you will need after you have it! Nextly, we both ordered salads.. I ordered a chopped veggie salad and added shrimp. My bestie a greek style salad.. (the name has left me! ) with salami. Both were very good! We switched to Pinot Noir red wines. NOW comes the seating issue. Prom girls have arrived. Like about 8 of them and their 1 mom. They sat in our seats. The mom took pics in from our table. Over our food. Over our wine. Finally we give up our two seats not being used. Which was weird for the seating because its lounge type seating on the patio. After about 20 minutes of hovering , Mom departs. Our waitress did become funny and fun over weird and just hard to figure out. Overall it's a great place. But people seating behind us at the entrance on random seats. Taking our seats. That would have a been a cool thing if the waitress would have stopped that. Pricing is Fox Concept pricing. Valet your car. No way without parking across at Fashion Square and hoofing it over gonna work.
4	We tried to find this place last time we were in town but failed.  So glad we tried again.  Got there early, got a great seat outside.  They were awesome with our son and made sure we knew about the off menu kids items.  Our server (Haley?) was great with him as well and very attentive.  The food was solid and the beer selection as well.  We will definitely be back.
4	My friends and I had a very good time.  If we had just gone for drinks, I think I easily would have given it 5 stars as everything was stellar.  Service, portions, bartenders - excellent.  The food itself was very nice.  We ordered the pretzel balls and were not disappointed.  I ordered the chicken salad with the cherry vinaigrette despite the waitress's recommendation for the fried chicken, but I wasn't sorry for that in the least because after I finished polishing off my salad, I realized every one else was going the same.Over all, I would take anyone interested in going to Scottsdale here since I had an excellent time even if it's popularity does make it a little hard to get into during peak hours.
5	You can't go wrong with a Moscow Mule and the Pretzel Fondue! Obsessed!
4	This place had a really cool vibe, and a great beer selection.  The food was really fresh and inventive.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone passing through Old Scottsdale.
4	Walked down from my hotel to this Fashion Square area restaurant. As always, on that quest to find interesting places to eat when traveling.I would say that the Culinary Dropout was both interesting and had pretty good food to boot. The place has a young feel to it and the servers and bartenders could just be the most attractive (and I'm talkin' men and women here folks) collection I've ever seen working in one restaurant. I grabbed a seat at the bar ordered a drink and decided on a Caesar Salad to start followed by Rainbow Trout for dinner. The salad came in a chilled bowl, had both romaine and kale in it and a more lemony than garlicky dressing that had a nice tart bite to it. The addition of kale was good and allowed me to text home and tell my wife I was eating a superfood for dinner to try and score some health points! The trout came in a hurry, too much of one really, and was a large double filet with crisp skin, toasted almonds, green beans and some carmelized onions. It was moist and tasty though it was somewhat unevenly salted. The green beans on it were cooked just right and added a great crunch. Beyond the pacing problems with the salad and entree coming out on top of each other, this was a nice meal and I would not hesitate to try it again.
4	In my mind, my dad is the best cook ever.  We will go out to eat and I will say, "You know where I've had a better version of this, when my dad made it."Color me impressed when someone can compare - I would have though my dad was in the back making the food brought out.We started with the pretzel fondue, cheese - good, pretzel rolls - good! It was a lot of bread for the 2 of us, it could be ordered for a larger group.  But tasty!My husband ordered the Pub Burger and I had the turkey pastrami, both came out fast and delicious.We came on a Saturday for lunch and there was no wait for a table.
4	Great restaurant group to begin with, you usually can't go wrong with any of the 'Fox Restaurant Concept' restaurant. Well deserved James Beard nominationThis place has such a great vibe. Came here on a Saturday for an early dinner. Walked in and there was a 20 min break so we went to the bar to have some drinks. The bartenders are amazing here, they really  know their stuff. I ordered a drink off the menu, can't remember what it was called. But it was tasty. My friend asked the bartender to make him anything. It was great! Whatever it was.Overall great. We did the cheese/charcuterie board,  then split the bistro steak, no dessert.  Great solid meal. Love the way you can mix and match the cheese/meat plate. The meat was perfectly cooked medium rare and well seasoned. I'm definitely making this place one of my go-to's
3	If yelp allowed half ratings, this would be a perfect 3.5 stars. It was good, but not as awesome as I'd been led to believe. I might or might not go back, I'm a bit torn.The atmosphere is great- it is actually long picnic-style tables rather than individual ones, plus an outdoor area. Our group of 6 had no trouble finding seats for lunch. We ordered a few rounds of appetizers and meals. The pretzel fondue was good, but I have to say I love it more from Brat Haus. The burratta with pears and bacon syrup was great, but I wish I would have tasted more bacon. I had the house smoked salmon which was pretty good but not great. The salmon was delicious, but I could have done without cracked pepper on the poached egg, and it was a bit messy to put the whole thing together (toast, salmon, capers/sauce, egg) into an edible combination. The onions that came with it were super strong and I pulled those off right away. That being said, there were enough other things on the menu that I might be willing to give this one another shot.
4	late night fun with bridge, marcus and dani.ah, Culinary Dropout, Old Town never fails at 1) a good time 2) an awesome dining/drinking experience 3) consistent good service 4) yummy pretzel bites with a delish cheese fondue and 5) one of the best desserts in Phoenix, their awesome monkey bread!I love the overall vibe of this place and no matter the countless repeated visits to this location, I love their patio, the varying chandeliers, the comfy chairs and diversity of sizes, and just the look of the place. It's not trying hard with the cool factor. I haven't been dismayed once with bad service (yet.) and I hope never, and not once have I seen their host staff give on an upturned nose attitude. Kudos for that. I totally recommend the pretzel bites it's yum! I've had the same bites at Arrogant Butcher and for some odd reason Culinary's is best. The baked mussels is good as well. Entree wise, I do enjoy their fish and chips, as well as their fried chicken, and no complaints of the bistro steak but seriously it's not worth more than $20. But don't miss out on the monkey bread, that's like coke, it's addictively good. =P Oh, and when they're crowded just try to avoid sitting near the stage, let's just say, head nods and smiles will be the focal point of your dinner conversation and you oughta brush up on lip reading. Overall a good place. =)
4	Awesome service and great food. Relaxed, chill atmosphere. I'd go again. Yum!
4	Being from out of town, we came here on the recommendation of a person I met golfing.  The Pretzel Fondue was fantastic and worth the visit alone.  The beer list was impressive as well.  Our waitress was good and the staff that we interacted were all very friendly and helpful.The Fried Chicken was good, however the breast was pretty dry.  The thigh and drumstick were juicy and the seasoning was good.
4	Sat outside at bar.  Good for hanging and enjoying the people and the breeze.  Ahi salad and homemade chips are both very good.  Cool vibe.
4	Excellent food and service with memorable menu twistsTook my wife and kids to CD for pre-Mother's Day.  It proved to be a great choice.  The soft pretzel balls and cheese fondue was a fun, new dish to start things off.  Next was a mix of cheeses, meats, and olives chosen on a sushi-style card.  Entrees of Korean-style steak, garden salad, and grilled cheese sandwich with bacon made everyone happy.  And the monkey break dessert left us cooing before we waddled out the door.  Service was excellent from Caitlin.  The rest of the service crew reminded me of the cast of Beverly Hills 90210... without the token minority.  And as the father of two little girls, the tight pants one of the service gals was wearing made we want to buy a remote island to shelter them.Still, the experience was superb.  The pretzel balls with fondue and the Korean-stlye steak were especially memorable.  (My wonderful wife ate a third after I shared some.  Yes, I was sad.  But, I'm a giver.)Highly recommended and we will be back...
4	Re-went to the culinary they redeemed themselves.  great lunch
3	05/01/13It has been awhile since I checked out CD's happy hour, so I invited a coworker to join me to see what's new.  Looks like CD's done away with their cheese and charcuterie check list and just added a cheese plate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=bKR19j9BvpE4gSwGo-CmQA#bKR19j9BvpE4gSwGo-CmQA  Not bad- enjoyed the cheese (one tiny rectangular piece) and thumb-sized serving of jam, the Marcona almonds and delicious almonds were plentiful, and the grilled asparagus were all good.   Didn't really care for the bland breadsticks, and what's with the measly serving of bread (2 tiny pieces)?  I refrained from asking for more until the very last second, and I felt like my server didn't like the request, but she recovered very fast.  Just don't give me the eye-roll and we're still friends.Draft beers were $3, I think, and that included Four Peaks' Kilt Lifter, but that's not what I ordered.  Instead, I tried a glass of the sauvignon blanc- quite nice!  Too bad glasses of wine aren't included in the happy hour menu...I also ordered the chopped salad, of which the bartender rattled off a list of ingredients and sounded very sure she named everything, so I asked that a couple be omitted.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=-_VmkG-T6ywOWBoVMb5Vhg#-_VmkG-T6ywOWBoVMb5Vhg  Either I missed her mentioning a specific nut (I doubt it!), or she forgot.  Was able to pick most of them off, but still managed to eat a few that were hiding between the greens.  Salad was OK, nothing spectacular.  Probably wouldn't order it again, unless I was running short on veggie servings for the day.  Coworker tried the Korean Beef on a Stick app.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=mMBaBHk1OEvp2bspuUtl5A#mMBaBHk1OEvp2bspuUtl5A  The menu didn't lie, it was one stick of Korean beef.  For $6, I thought the price was a bit too high, but my friend really enjoyed it.  Based on what we tried today, I'd say it's best to just stick with the dinner menu.  However, I am not giving up on HH, yet, and I plan to try two or three more items soon.Note: Happy hour menu prices online needs to be updated.
2	This place is designed for sensory overload. The pretty servers with bangin' bodies and tattoos. The gaudy decor with the loud wallpaper. And the loud music and monstrous bar. It was a feast for the eyes. I wish the food had been the same. The pretzel balls are awesome, and that's about it. It's overpriced and disappointing.
5	One of my favs! The hot pretzels and dip are so good!
5	Fantastic food and very cool atmosphere!  Recommend the pretzel fondue...enough to share...very yummy. Wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable of the menu and was so right on about all our picks! Had the meatloaf and was floored...just delicious...best I have ever had at a restaurant. Friends had the fried chicken and cleaned their plates...can't wait to come back!
5	AHHHH - I LOVE THIS PLACE.Whenever someone goes to Phoenix, I always tell them to hit up Culinary Dropout.Food - Best Prime Rib Dip Sandwich in the US.  Love it, can't order anything else.Drinks - Marg on the rocks with a shot of Guinness Beer.  Can't even thinking about having margs any other way any more.
5	Been here half a dozen times -- most definitely my fave happy hour/casual dining/chill spot in the Valley, really.  Spectacular, unusual atmosphere (stylish, festive AND relaxed, not always an easy combination to pull off), great twists on pub food classic (LOVE my honey fried chicken here, and the appetizer plates are always the best quality), and outstanding, creative cocktail selection.  Gorgeous eye candy staff as well, for both genders, and eye candy that is as smart, witty,  accomodating and personable as they come, too!  They make all age groups feel young and involved -- I bring my aging parents here occasionally, and they always perk up when surrounded by the kind of warm and dynamic environment CD provides.  Love this place, might just be the most overall successful Fox Restaurant here.
3	I went to Culinary Dropout from mixed reviews from my Facebook friends.  It was Memorial Day Evening and I was by myself.  When I drove up I instantly noticed it was in the building that used to be Pink Taco.  This brought back lots of memories as when I started dating my ex this is where she would like to go dancing.  Back then I felt kinda like a fish out of water as the crowd was much younger than I was.The place pretty much looks the same, same wood bar, same chandeliers, patios looked the same but the crowd was mixed.  The mixture of crowd made me feel a bit more like i "fit in" than before but the atmosphere was still a bit to trendy and pretentious for my taste.There was an acoustic artist playing music on a 12 string guitar this evening.  He was very talented and played great music.  The first few covers he did while I was waiting to be seated were Metallica, Green Day & Perl Jam.The server was amazing though she was a very pretty young girl named Sam who knew the menu well and was there 100% to answer my questions and guide me with my food & drink order.I was going to order a drink called Clown Punch and Sam informed me that it was a very sweet drink.  This information allowed me to change my order as I am not a fan of the super sweet.  She instead recommended a drink called Room Service, I did see this on the menu and saw that it contained Gin which I am not a fan of either.  She ordered it with Vodka instead and it was so good I had 2 with my meal.When looking at the menu I saw a Curry Chicken dish, now anything curry I am instantly drawn to. There were many more expensive and prominent dishes on the menu but when I asked Sam about the curry she told me that it was great.  It is a yellow curry dish and the starch is potatoes instead of rice.  They had some mushrooms and fresh green beans and cilantro.  With the chunkiness of the meal I was questioning them serving it with a tablespoon, but once I tasted the curry broth I knew why.  You want to sop up each and every drop.My biggest complaint about the meat was portion size.  I could have ate twice as much as they served me of the entree.  This however left room for dessert and I am glad it did.  I am a huge peanut butter fan and asked Sam about the peanut butter dessert. Again she was honest and told me it was her least favorite and told me to choose another.  I decided on the Carmel Custard which was amazing.  Basically a caramel custard with caramel corn on top for crunch. Do not think of the custard as a traditional Creme Caramel but rather almost a caramel pudding  with fresh popped caramel corn on top.In summary, I could do without the hipster attitude but considering where it's located and my age this could just be me.  The meal that I had was above average and the cocktail was exceptional.  I would come back again with the right company.
2	While the food at Fox restaurants is always good this location, on a slow afternoon, had very poor and indifferent service.  We were made to feel unwelcome and as if the staff could not be bothered despite the place being almost empty.  I will continue to dine at Fox places but not this location
4	Stopped here for dinner the other night while I was in Scottsdale.  I ordered the meatloaf, which came with mashed potatoes and gravy and green beans.  The meatloaf was tender and had great flavor.  It was the right amount of food and I'd order it again in a heartbeat.  Another solid meal.
3	I was expecting so much more out of this restaurant. When we first arrived I ordered an 'after school special' and it was the worst drink I have ever had..only took about 3 sips and it cost me about $9. We were sitting at the bar for about 30 minutes waiting for a table and we never heard anything. So I went up to the hostess and they couldn't even find us on the list and I had the pager. So, needless to say we finally were seated. Our waiter was alright, not the best. But now for the food...we ordered the pretzel and fondue which was decent but I did not see why there was so much hype for this appetizer. We also ordered the house chips and onion dip, chips were amazing and fresh and the dip was a little overboard. For my main dish I had the sweet corn cannelloni, and this was good but not the best thing I have ever had. I don't know if I will ever go to the place again, but it is always nice to try something new.
4	Happy Hour Review:We had a nice time at the Culinary Dropout's HH this past Friday. We arrived around four-thirty and the inside bar was pack. The hostess said the HH was limited to the bar area inside and out. Nahhhh we thought, we'll stay inside thank you very much. It was 105 degrees and the outdoor water misters were totally ineffective I mentioned in passing that I had read about their HH on Yelp. After checking with her Manager, she came back and offered us one of the communal tables near the stage.AMBIANCE/MOOD:The crowd was a mixture of Millennium's and Gen X'er, along with an equal number of retires.  So eclectic? The interior had that old tin and aluminum stamped walls, reminiscent of the NY in the 1930s, with a large stage.  It also has several large B&W photos from the 1960s of Janis Joplin, The Who, Roy Orbison along with a very young Boss, creating some good Karma.MENU:All of the food is $6.00: Grilled cheese sliders; Chopped salad; yummy Korean beef on a stick (photos); Pretzels & Fondue; meatloaf sandwich; Smoked salmon bruschetta, Antipasti and much more.  All beers are $3.00 served in a 12oz mug; most wines are $6.00 and the Well cocktails are $4.00.SERVICE:Tom our server was pretty cool and on top of things.  He worked hard at refilling our glasses and had an intimate knowledge of the menu, both HH and regular dinner.  Even though this was HH, there was a focus on the regular menu.FOOD:Everything we tried was excellent.  The salad, Fondue and meatloaf sandwich, were all very large. While the Korean Beef on the Stick was very good though it could be larger.  But it too was delicious, and not overly spicy.PRICES:As I mentioned the Happy Hour food prices were all $6.00. Our bill came to under $41 including taxes but not gratuities.Enjoy!
4	Culinary has such a fun atmosphere with awesome, laid back service.  The pretzel balls with cheese fondue are TO DIE FOR. Everyone needs to try them when they go in.  It gets a bit loud when there is a live band on the weekends, but still an awesome time!!
5	I live in Chandler, but I make a point to come to this place at least once a month.   Been coming here for over two years and the food is awesome...the turkey and slaw on a pretzel roll is what I order the most, had the ribs yesterday and they were amazing.  I will have to say their cocktail list is one of the best I've seen, and the "After School Special" is the reason I come back so often.  The other cocktails look awesome, but after one or two of the After School Special, I am in the best mood ever so I usually don't change it up.  The service has always been great, but after meeting one of the lady managers and their recently promoted, extremely personable barback...their service has only gotten better and I'll be back soon!
4	I finally made it to Culinary dropout after hearing so many wonderful raves about the place.  Came here with two others and a baby and we were seated immediately.  The decor is modern and funky and I loved the giant crystallized chandeliers.  I couldn't believe they had la fin du monde in bottle here; unibroue is one of my favorite breweries and I've never seen it available in restaurants before!  Kudos!  I decided on the fried chicken for my meal, and man it did not disappoint; skin on the outside was perfectly fried and the chicken was incredibly juicy.  They also lightly drizzly some sort of sweet sauce on top that makes the dish unique.  The sides were all tasty but not breath taking.  I tried my sister's pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun and that was also really tasty.  I will definitely come here again.
5	check out the special!I was there on Saturday June 15, 5 pm, asked for a quiet part of the place for 3 people, got it right away.  our server was really great, sorry, can't remember her name, but she explained everything, she was like a ballerina, loved her.  The $20 special is great:appetizer, entree, and a drink.  We liked the bruschetta, salmon and shrimp salads, way too much food, very pleasant.  next time I would split a salad, they are big and delicious.  Sam Fox, where do you get those cheerful, helpful servers?
5	The Pub Burger is awesome!!   Try the Smashed Irishman it was spectacular.
3	I had the chicken and waffles and my friend had the meatloaf. For appetizer we had the pretzel ball with cheese dip. Not a big fan of this place.. the food was just mediocre.
3	Culinary Drop out can be hit or miss.  The food is always great but the service can be either spot on or just a trendy pretty person who has no idea what they are doing.They have flavorful and imaginative drinks but don't pick a favorite since the menu is constantly changing.My fav things to order food wise are the pretzel fondue and the Turkey Pastrami.  The Fondue is a 100% have to order item, I haven't met a single person who doesn't love them.  The Turkey Pastrami is also a great item as it is inventive and never disappoints.  My secret suggestion is sub out the fries for mashed potatoes and gravy.  Normally I give a Sam Fox restaurant 4 or 5 stars because they go above and beyond on service but CD is one that is definitely not consistent on service.  Also Happy hour is available in the bar only which is a HUGE pet peeve of mine.
3	Meh. Not impressed. True Food... good. Zinbuger... great. This place... meh.I can think of 100 other places I'd rather drop $30 on food for just myself.
5	Apple monkey breadddd. Pretzels and cheese. pub burger. mac burger.Oh my god I love this place.It may be weird how often I go.However, if you are in the Phoenix Metro Area - it is a must. Although I rave about the food, the atmosphere is what drew me in. It's amazing! There's chandeliers and exuberant chairs, but then our napkins are dishtowels and common dress is jeans and flip flops. The whole place is an oxymoron. I adore it.Oh and the service is amazing too. (FYI)
4	Yes yes, the pretzel fondue, of course.  But also, the salted caramel custard.This is something I would not normally order, but at lunch for a coworkers birthday this was brought out and I'm glad it was. So good.I had the shrimp Cesar too, and was impressed.The ice tea was also tasty.Looking through the drink menu I will be back, after work instead of during, so I can give them a shot!
3	I personally don't see what the big fuss is about. I've ended up a lot here recently because it is right below my office and that's where everyone wants to go for drinks and sometimes for lunch. I've come here multiple times with my office for happy hour and it took like 20 minutes before someone even took our order. My biggest complaint is that you can't do happy hour on the patio...you have to be AT the bar. Seriously...what is with that?  It is perfect patio weather 9 months out of the year here and I can't get happy hour outside? This is almost a deal breaker for me due to my extreme love of happy hour ON patios. Also, the service is pretty slow. . I do like the brown bag special just because it's funny and cheap and the Ahi Tuna Salad is good but not worth 14 bucks or whatever it is. I went the other night for a birthday dinner and they had live music which was cool. Convenience is what keeps me comin back. ...And the happy hour thing...C'MON.
4	This is a great restaurant across from the Fashion Square Mall in Scottsdale Riverfront. The overall ambiance and setting is more than warm and welcoming. I loved the industrial look with huge chandeliers and high loft ceilings. Kind of loud but energetic and fun. We sat at the bar since we wanted to take advantage of happy hour (Happy hour is only offered at the bar area). They offer Happy hour MON-FRI from 3 to 6 pm.  Food was good and cocktails (Great Moscow Mules and Moonshine Apple pie flavor shots) were even better. Our Bartender was super friendly and took care of us greatly. The pretzels with warm fondue were to die for!!! MUST TRY....Huge portion and meant to be shared :-)I also tried the smoked salmon bruschetta, It was just okay nothing too special about itI also had the Seared ahi tuna salad, it was yummy with a perfect amount of ginger dressing and wasabi peas without over powering the salad. Next time I am in Scottsdale I will be back for more.
5	When I lived in Scottsdale, this was one of my favorite places to bring out-of-towners. For those of you who are familiar with FRC's this one will not disappoint. For those of you who don't know what FRC's are look it up, and then come here. The only way to start is with the Pretzels with Provolone Fondue. If you come a second time or have several people the house potato chips are very good as well, but don't fill up on appetizers. Also, if they have a good "Yesterday's Soup" namely the tortilla, I highly recommend. I've had just about every entree and a couple of the salads, or at least tried. The Bistro Steak is a pretty good steak, but if you are looking for a good steak, head over to Modern Steak across the street instead. The two best entrees in my opinion are the 36-hour pork ribs, and the Fried Chicken. The ribs are so tender they literally fall off the bone if you try to pick them up so don't worry about them being messy, best if you use a fork. The fried chicken is somewhat of a mystery to me. I'm not sure how they do it, and I can't even put my finger on what exactly is different about this fried chicken than other contenders, but this is by far the best I've ever had. If you don't mind low-end beers, they have the "Paperbag Special" for less than $2, which is a bunch of assorted shitty beers. I always liked it to save money and create mystery. They have a book of cocktails with really cool names. I've never been one to order cocktails at restaurants because I ALWAYS feel like they are a waste of money, but if you're into that kinda stuff they have some seemingly pretty solid ones here.
4	We went here around 10pm for dinner, so we had no issues with seating. To start off we ordered some capitols, bread with olive oil. The meat was very good and you could taste the quality. For our main dishes, javier got the prime rib sandwich and I got the Italian grindr. We decided to split each. The au jus dip for the prime rib was very good. I usually don't like prime rib because its too bloody but this was cooked to perfection and was still very moist. I enjoyed this sandwich very much. The Italian grinder was delicious also, good quality meats and the dressing was perfect, not too sweet. We were too full to try desert. They had a live band inside which we didn't mind but not cool for a first date, you couldn't here yourself speak over the music. I will go again,possibly for brunch
4	I'm obsessed with the Fondue! If you've never been you have to have to have to get the  provolone fondue with the pretzel rolls. So good! but warning it is very filling. If you come in a group of three or more than one is fine with a meal but if there is just two of you, be prepared to take some of your lunch/dinner home or eat a salad afterwards.  I also love the French Dip sandwich I get it every time because it is just so good and its one of my favorite sandwiches.  Other good ones: fried chicken!
5	Great food and atmosphere... If in Scottsdale make sure pay a visit. Good for moderate sized group, perfect for relaxed conversation. Live music adds the right amount of ambient sounds without being overpowering. Food:Ordered the pretzel appetizer, there's PLENTY to share so make sure you or your group are fans of soft heavenly bites of sea salted dough :)Ribs- Falling off the bone tender and the sauce was especially tasty. I would order an extra side for additional dipping... The entire meal was superb!I can't find the name of the cocktail I ordered but I thoroughly enjoyed it! A very creative and appealing drink menu some savory some sweet!
5	Another outstanding triumph for Mr. Fox, Culinary Dropout is as good as it gets at Camelback and Scottsdale. Go for the pretzel ball fondue and the incredible caramel popcorn custard desert! Everything in between is 5-stars too. Great ambiance, excellent cuisine - one of my favorites!
4	My best friend and I went here for dinner last night before a show.  There was a 30-minute wait to sit inside so we opted for patio seating.  The sun was shining on the patio so they put the shades down for us.  That fixed the sun problem but also eliminated the breeze and kept the misters away.  By the end of our meal we were pretty hot.  Our waitress was absolutely awesome.  She was really friendly and gave great suggestions.  Based off the yelp reviews we had to try the pretzel fondue and we weren't disappointed.  This was definitely the highlight of the meal.  There were a lot of things on the menu I wanted to try but I decided on the beef stroganoff.  My friend got the prime rib dip.  The stroganoff was decent but I would definitely try something else next time.  My friend enjoyed the prime rib dip but said it wasn't worth $17.  I was very impressed by the service level here.  Both hostesses and our waitress were just exceptionally friendly and really made the experience great.  I would definitely come back for more pretzels and to try something else on the menu.
4	I don't have any revolutionary thoughts on this place, but my friends and I had a great meal here when we were visiting the Scottsdale area. First, what everyone says is true, get the pretzels. The pretzel bites on their own are well made, and when you throw in the provolone fondue, they're just stellar. I could have eaten these for a meal and been happy. Our group had already done happy hour snacks before hand, so I stuck to a side salad for my main course; I needed some greens after loading up on pretzels and cheese.  There's not much you can say about a side salad, all the ingredients were fresh and the buttermilk ranch dressing had such a tang that it blew my mind. I also had a specialty cocktail made with blueberry moonshine and cucumber, that shouldn't have worked, but it did. Our server was friendly and the right amount of attentive. There was a guitarist at the perfect sound level. I thought this place had good food, and really excelled at the details to bring it to that next level.
4	My husband and I spent the Fourth of July in Phoenix because I had to catch a plane the next morning. We were looking for someplace nice to mark the holiday and also celebrate our honeymoon. (But remember, we're from Tucson, so our definition of "nice" is a little different.)We'd been to a few of the other Fox restaurants and wanted to try something new. Culinary Dropout was open late, and their menu looked fun.We certainly got what we bargained for -- classic comfort foods with a twist set in an alternative atmosphere that was really enjoyable. Initially, we were worried the place was over-hyped (lots of tattooed hipsters and a dining room that could have been featured in a Rock 'n Roll issue of Dwell magazine. Luckily the decor was a compliment to the food instead of a distraction.We got the pretzel bites with provolone fondue for an appetizer, then my husband got the meatloaf and I got the fried chicken for dinner. Ho-le-cow the food was good. I mean totally delicious and better than Mom makes (sorry, Mom).The service was great and the food was really something to write home about. We'd definitely come here again!
1	Bad service don't count on your reservation to be fulfilled. Horrible service. The workers acted as if they are above there guest because they work there! Someone needs to remind them they serve fried chicken. They are no better then someone who works at KFC!!! The manager is rude. The server did not want to split checks and turned mad when we asked him to do so. Tip: if you work in the hospitably business be hospitable! Prefer the location on Bethany home!!!!
1	This place really ruined my friends birthday dinner, cancelled our reservation 30 min before we got there after they called me 2 hours before to confirm it. So they said it was a miscommunication so they said to come in we come in and were a party of 15 they only have table for 8 and said thats the best they can do ... Manager was beyond rude . I hate pulling the race card but the majority of us were hispanic and i felt we were treated bad for that reason. Food was ok service was horrible but the place was really nice nice decor horrible host and server so sad.
4	You can come here for a couple of reasons.  The first would be for a quality meal which is a good enough reason.  The pretzels and fondue are one of my favorite apps anywhere.  For dinner the pasta was fresh and delicious and I'd definitely order it again.  The sandwiches/burgers aren't that special and the fried chicken is pretty bland.  The other reason you'd come here would be to get drunk.  Great place to do so.  On a budget?  No problem, order 5 brown bag specials and you'll be feeling great for under $10...that is until the hangover from 5 Old Milwaukees or Icehouses you just drank kicks in.
4	Very impressed. The food was great especially the pretzel fondue. The place is a bit loud when full
3	Solid food with great atmosphere.  Live music was a nice touch, and the volume wasn't deafening.  The most popular dish among diners was the pretzel and cheese fondue.  I think half of the restaurant ordered the pretzel, but we decided against it.  I was happy to see Jamon Iberico on the menu.  I did not get the hint of fruitiness, but it might not be the more prized Bellota given the price.  Overall, I think Culinary Dropout is a good option for causal dining.
3	yummy pretzel fondue, good atmosphere, good customer service...they should switch up their selection every now and then. After a few visits, you find the one think you "like"...but its usually just a "like"....When you order a burger, ask for the pretzel bun - delish!
4	I ordered the ribs, which were featured on their menu as one of their specialties.  They were undercooked to the point where I wasn't sure I should keep eating them.  Don't think about 'fall off the bone' ribs - think about 'gnawing on a piece of raw meat' ribs.  So why did I give this place 4 stars?  The 7 other people in my party all had food that was awesome, and their pretzels and provolone appetizer is worth it.They seem to hire only attractive, blonde waitresses, which I'm not going to complain about, especially since everyone was very helpful and friendly.  Our waitress helped us choose drinks, food items, and skillfully shot down the table next to us when they tried to hit on her.  Service was prompt, and my glass was always full.As I said, my ribs were bad.  Really bad.  But again, balance that against the pretzel and provolone appetizer, and amazingly, it was a pretty good meal.  My girlfriend had a sandwich, which was incredible, and the rest of the table really enjoyed their meals.The atmosphere is fun, although not overly exotic.  They have some large, comfortable booths, great for kicking back in, and they have a lot of outdoor seating with misters to keep things cool.  I'll definitely go back, but I'll order something a little less risky next time.
4	The pretzels balls. ARE YOU JOKING ME. Delicious and a sick little place to have dinner. Very modern vintage in the place and good for a night out with the girls to have drinks and apps. Agave margs, yum
5	Incredible food. Fantastic atmosphere. Amazing place to go to break away from the norm.
2	Food was okay. I don't see what the big hee-haw is about....
1	This past Saturday night, my girlfriend took me to dinner here with a few friends to celebrate my birthday.  She heard me mention that I wanted to check out the possibility of holding my corporate Xmas party here.  Someone mentioned it and I hadn't been here yet. We checked in and we were told we'd get a text when our table was ready.  We hung out at the bar ordering drinks and after waiting 30 mins, I approached the hostess.  She advised me that we were already seated.  Well obviously we weren't.  No apology or anything, just hold on while they figure out how someone else took our table.  After we were finally seated, waiter came over.  He was ready to take our order right away, forget more drinks he just wanted to get the food on order.  Needless to say, this guy lacked basic customer service skills.  After taking our order by memory, he came back 5 mins later to try and remember the order.. Really?? Write it down if you can't remember it.  We made the best of this mess.  Food was ok, just tainted by the other experience.  I was shocked at the lack of caring about everything that happened.  Not even a visit by a manager.  Mistakes happen, but how your service responds to the errors is everything.  This experience cost your establishment a 6k+ party and a repeat customer.
4	I am typically wary of both Fox concepts and bigger chain establishments in Old Town, but there are a few I keep in my back pocket for fail-safe night out options. Culinary Dropout is one of them. The experience is always positive, the food is typically satisfactory and the drinks hit the spot.The decor at this location is rustic, contemporary and lovely at the same time with a wide open space laced with wood accents. Live music is a nice touch and makes for a decent ambient sound when enjoying drinks with your party. I have really enjoyed the cocktails I've ordered here, which gives me confidence in their bartenders. Happy hour is great time to go with lower prices and decent options. Although I wasn't thrilled with the grill cheese sliders and their rubbery faux-american cheese aftertaste, but the salad of the day hit the spot. I've also had the burrata which was a true indulgence down to the last bite.The staff has always been very friendly here whether it's behind the bar or table service. Even I have to admit this Fox concept is executed perfectly and is in my stand-by Old Town rotation.
4	Pretty solid. I would go back.  Pretzels and cheese,  same as everywhere that serves them.  Sirloin was good
3	the name says it all. he dropped out of culinary school, therefore don't expect the food to taste like a Michelin star.It tried to be this hipster-ish vibe but falls short. The food is okay. theres too many good restaurants in scottsdale, no need to come back to this one.
5	Well, my husband and I LOVE culinary dropout ...they don't have one in Southern California yet that I know of but we usually make it a point to come here every time were in AZ. We visit family here and my husband works here so when we get the chance to come we always do. We have never been disappointed . I love the cheese platter- pretzel anything there- drinks are always spot on-. We spend usually 2-3 hours each time were there just drinking and eating till we can't move. We usually go mid day and a lot during the week which is why we've never hit a real busy time. Tonight well be going so it'll be our first nighttime visit. Can't wait - foods great and drinks are creative
5	In my top 10 restaurants of all time. Hands down.I've made several ventures to this establishment starting about 3 years ago with my best friend, Andrea. Since then I have tried a decent amount of items on the menu. I have NEVER been disappointed. Meatloaf: the thing everyone hates when their parent's tell them it's what's for dinner. Not the case if you've ever ordered Ma? The Meatloaf! at CD. The meatloaf has got to be the thing I order most frequently. It's moist and is served with Mashed potatoes and greens. I am in love. Aside from my love affair with the meatloaf, I could ramble on all day about all of the other amazing dishes Culinary Dropout has to offer. (Especially those pretzels with fondue). The aesthetics of the restaurant are incredible as well. I love the big chandeliers with the eclectic furniture all while being mixed with a wooden-topped bar. It's absolutely gorgeous and perfect for a date, hanging out with friends & family, or even a business meeting. The best part is their dress code is casual. The wait-staff is always pleasant. Always willing to suggest entrees to new guests (like my parents just the other night) and are very attentive. I like the fact that they can pretty much wear whatever they want to wear to work in as well. I have to say, I am not surprised at the quality and perfection that goes into this restaurant, considering Fox Concepts has always hit home runs with my taste buds.
5	was it that it was my birthday suprise dinner with 11 friends that makes me give such high stars? or that the waitress seamlessly handled 5 different checks, all while making sure our water and alcohol drinks were readily available? both of course. i also ordered a fish and chips entree and although it was a little bit greasy, it was delicious. the fries were a bit soggy, but that didn't stop me from eating them all. our friends ordered an app of the pretzel/cheese fondue...holy cow that thing is good. as usual, the decor of this place is classy, modern, sleek, but cozy!
5	I planned a surprise party dinner for my husband here on Saturday night. Two months ago I called and spoke to one of the managers who was very helpful in answering my questions and assisting me with the reservation. I called back twice during this time period to update the party size and each time whomever answered the phone was very nice. Of note, I also emailed their website re: parties at the FOX Restaurants and the person who emailed me back was a great help very as well. When my husband and I arrived our large table was set up by the front door so he immediately got an eyeful of all our friends wishing him happy birthday! It was great. Our server didn't rush us at all yet still was able to manage bringing drinks and food to our table of 11 with a good attitude. Water carafes were on the table as well so we didn't have to keep asking her. Some menu highlights were of course the pretzel bites (if you don't order these you're making a big life mistake), and the homemade potato chips and dip were very tasty as well. I ordered the rainbow trout with green beans and almonds and it was so incredibly tasty! I would certainly get it again. My husband got a birthday dessert on the house and our server was able to separate checks by couples which is so much easier with a large party. Once again a great experience here! That's what keeps me coming back!
4	Second time around, and I am not above admitting when I was wrong. This time the experience was way different. We had a server that was knowledgeable and on the ball - frankly, she was absolutely wonderful. The whole restaurant seemed in a cheerful mode and there was live music that I honestly paid little attention too. Even our fellow patrons seemed of higher standard than last time I visited CD. FoodMy date had the Gorgonzola Chicken Salad, and I had the Chicken Curry. The salad was awesome, and next time I will probably go with a salad myself. I got the curry out, and I expected an Indian curry (don't know why) but instead I was surprised with a Thai-curry. Very tasty and very nice. It is served with potatoes (integrated, not as a side) which was an unexpected approach, but again very tasty. Dessert was unnecessary after our meal, but I went for it anyhow and sprung for the Salted Caramel Custard. It was a different take, and it looked great. It was super sweet though. Not my style of dessert, probably because I am a self proclaimed gourmand with a texture and consistency obsession - but it is a very popular item, well worth trying. AmbianceI was so surprised how much I appreciated this place in a different light once I got a great server. This place is still feeding of off its own hipness, but that is all right - in fact it has its own charm. In fact I really enjoyed just being here and embrace my surroundings. (Possibly sipping on a paperbag special)ServiceWe just had the best service. Our server was personable, and didn't hesitate to recommend when asked. I would love to give her all credit, but I don't want to hang out my fellow yelper by name ;) It made the whole experience just that much better. I wasn't going to come back, but I am sure glad I did. And I will again, and again.. and whenever friends from out of town comes by.
4	I really liked this place.  So obviously I listened to the yelp reviewers and had the pretzel fondue appetizer and it was delicious.  Everyone at the table loved it.  The ambiance of the place is kinda nice, I think I'd enjoy going there for some live music.  It was dimly lit and they had some football on, so all was good.  I had the meatloaf, something I'd never usually order out but I tried it.  It was very good, especially with the mashed potatoes and gravy.  Nice comfort food.  We also had that Spanish thin sliced smoked pork for the table which was great.  I got to try a piece of fried chicken.  While it was no Lolo's, it was damn good.  I'd order it next time.
1	Dakota, you know the food is bad here, why would you ever eat here again?  Great question, I am so glad you asked.  Having been here a couple times and been disappointed I had never intended to give it another chance, as Sam Fox restaurants are always guaranteed to underwhelm and chains should be avoided when possible.   A friend had a birthday party and it had been at least a 1+ years since I had been, so I went in with an open mind about giving it one more shot.  A friend had a birthday party there (unfortunately I could not talk them into changing the venue) after being handed a bunch of lemons it was time to make lemonadeThe evening started off somewhat promising, they actually had a craft cocktail list (trying to capitalize on the craft cocktail craze and actually doing it well are two different stories) and the Mrs went with their modified version of a French 75 (very modified) which was Aperol, Strawberry infused simple syrup, gin, sparkling wine, and I believe lemon or lime, which was drinkable but a touch light on the gin, I went with a Perfect Martinez - My criteria for this selection was the products involved:  Miller Gin (excellent) Dolin Dry Vermouth (excellent) Carapno Anticia (excellent) and orange bitters (as long as you buy decent bitters or make your own you are fine here) and what came out was a slightly orangeish martini - a bit sweet and orangey but certainly drinkable.  That combination of ingredients in almost any ratio is probably decent.  Looking at the rest of the cocktail menu everything looked overly sweet and unbalanced but I could not resist the compulsion to confirm what I already knew and against common sense went with a Singapore Sling.  Which was super sweet bright red, wrong glass, wrong garnish, wretched drink - so in conclusion stick with items in a bottle here, the cocktail menu is for looking at not ordering fromOnto the food:  The soup of the day was Chili, which was salty to the point of inedible, the fondue pretzel with cheese dipwas up next, the pretzel quality was very poor, cardboardish and bland with the cheese tasting very processed. We ordered charcuterie for our meal (as we suspected the food would be bad - and the charcuterie at Arrogant Butcher [another Sam Fox restaurant] is solid) and that was delivered to the other end of our table (large group) so by the time they figured out what happened they were going to bring out the same order to us [because of their mistake], with the rest of everyone's main course, however the main's came out and still not charcuterie, so we ended up canceling that order (it was about 20-30 min between the mistake and the mains coming out without them correcting the error) We also got a couple of the mussel app for the table - which was fine, it is hard to mess mussels up, the broth was ok nothing exceptionalSo after about 2 hours in with very little eaten or to drink other than water, a couple mussels, and a few bites of bad bread, and 1 ok cocktail - it was the most exciting time of the evening, time to go! The Bday Girl did have an excellent time which was the most important partIf you do have to go there, try not to eat anything and stick with beer or wine - and you will be ok
4	I came here last week for my birthday dinner was had a wonderful time! The ambiance was so cute and charming! My boyfriend and I started off with the "paper bag special", a surprise beer that comes out in a paper bag :). I ordered the mussels and they were DELICIOUS. They came with some sausage as well as two bread sticks. It was a large portion for a good price and I was stuffed for the rest of the night! My boyfriend ordered the pastrami on a pretzel roll which I would also recommend Our bill came out to about thirty dollars, what a steal! I would come here again and again!
4	Walked into a fairly empty bar about 5pm during happy Hour (3-6pm). They do offer mugs of any12 oz beer on tap for $3, which appears to be a good deal. It seems it would cost $6 for a 16 oz glass in normal hours. Saw some food coming out, a few things looked tiny (Grilled cheese sliders and salmon brushetta), while the $6 pretzel deal was a large portion. I ended up with a fine choice for 3 bucks, which was the housemade chips and onion dip. This should have been shared, but I ate it all. The chips were wildly good, not greasy, and super crunchy. Onion dip contained real onions, no Lipton soup here, and it was cold and fresh. Very attractive and friendly staff, but this place isn't a sports bar, a bit more refined. There was one TV in a corner of the bar luckily because I wanted to watch baseball playoffs. It was a great night with the open air windows and then I finished off the night with the $1.95 brown bag special beer. It was Hamm's (which I had never had) and a bargain for Scottsdale. Place filled up around 6:30, but still plenty of elbow room at the bar. Good place.
3	Ordering the pretzels with cheese fondue is an absolute must. Drinks are pricey, but creative and tasty. Moscow mules are always a safe bet if you're wavering. The food is decent and there is a fun vibe here. Although, I much prefer the service at the phoenix location. The servers in scottsdale seem less genuine and give you a vibe that they are MUCH better than you. My tip would be to not be a server if you don't have the time or patience to deal with people.
5	Delicious!!!!! Grilled cheese sliders, fries, pretzel fondue, and onion dip are all amazing!!!!
4	This is a nice place to get a good dinner/cocktail. Well prepared food consistently cooked to satisfaction and skillfully poured craft cocktails.  Honestly, I have no complaints aside from how loud/busy it can get there (but that comes with the territory of a successful establishment... So don't count that as a complaint).  The menu might seem pricey to some for what it is (mainly modern American) but its worth it. I'd suggest the 36 hour Pork Ribs for those with a strong appetite, or the Rainbow Trout for the lighter side. Both have been absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for some good casual dining.
4	Probably my favorite Fox concept, great atmosphere and good take on new American foods.  The fried chicken is amazing, Ma' The meatloaf is good, MAC burger is awesome and the mussels were tasty.The cheese and meat plate is great starter, bit pricy but good.Plus good looking staff.
4	I'm not giving 5 stars bc I feel like there's ALWAYS going to be room for improvement, but this place really blew us away. We weren't expecting much. We were in town on business and just picked a placed randomly on yelp. They didn't have the steak for my co worker but did a special order Asian infused skirt steak for him---- AND he said he was in the mood for chili fries so the kind waitress Karen said she would make it happen. The soup that night happened to be chili, they had cheese and fries---- BEYOND delicious!We were a rather large, loud and knit picky group. She joked with us, did everything we needed and was prompt. We got an array of things from the menu. I got a burger--- sorry can't remember which one bc I had had 6 drinks at this point. (Acai mojito was smooth & alcohol stuffed!) We were considering a drive back but the $100 roundtrip cab ride was the only thing that made us decide to stay local to downtown Phoenix. If I'm ever in the Scottsdale area again.... Culinary dropout will be a stop without a doubt!
5	Hands down one of my favorite restaurants! I love everything from the cleverly named and delicious menu items, the tasty selection of cocktails and beers, the hip and glamorous decor that Fox Restaurants are known for and the friendly wait staff. Also, your food tends to come out really quick which when you're ravenous is always good to know. This is the kind of restaurant that I'm never not in the mood for. I recommend ordering the pretzel fondue (a must have really), the Mac Burger (which is their take on the Big Mac) and to wash it down with a Wild Blue beer. A meal that's worthy of your cheat day! Delish!
3	I really love going to Culinary Dropout for a drink. The place is so cute and it is in a great location. The patio is really nice to sit at for a drink and so is the bar. However, my love of Culinary Dropout ends with the ambiance and the drinks. The food is just so-so. I've tried everything here from apps to salads and nothing has been very good. All of the food is heavy and overly seasoned. If you just wanna grab a quick drink before heading out this is a great place, but I'd pick somewhere else for your dinner plans.
3	First of all this is the type of restaurant I could see myself conceptualizing so I was sold when I first was told about it. The food is great! The menu is definitely a mixed bag but all of it is d'lish. The atmosphere is awesome. Culinary would get only 4 and 5 stars if they fixed one thing. THEIR SERVICE!!! Your hostess suck! It's almost worse having a bad hostess than a server because the hostess is a persons first impression when entering a restaurant. The wait staff needs it's improvement as well.Pros: - awesome food- great atmosphere- heart of downtown ScottsdaleCons- bad hostesses- so-so service- horribly long waits(they may forget about you on busy nights)- snobby attitudes from staff at times
1	I know why this is called the culinary dropout!  We got there about 4pm - shift change - tables were dirty - place was too. We say outside. Hostess had to clean the table. Place was 10% full - AKA Empty  - I know why!  We sat down five minutes later and waited...and waited...and waited...finally the hostess comes back to serve us...she was great by the way...I ordered the soup of the day...that was good. My date the house salad...that was good too. Service still spotty though...I ordered the Fish and Chips and my date the steak dish. Fish was soggy, not too hot either and as for the chips, there were only a few on the dish...fish was terrible!  Fries cold as well. The steak was awful as well. The G.M. ought to be fired. The FOH is a mess, staff confused, dress inappropriate, and for the BOH, they are truly dropouts for a reason! What a waste of $60!  Never again!
5	I overindulged here last night in a pretty grotesque way.  Our server Corey was on the ball - when we arrived these HUGE, delicious platters of charcuterie and cheeses and accoutrements and bread and everything else you'd ever want were laid out on the table, along with, oh 7 different wines (there were 10 of us - don't judge).Imagine my surprise when the menus came around after I had already eaten my fill of meats and cheeses to the point of wanting to unbutton my pants.I knew I didn't have it in me to officially eat anything else, so I ordered the kale and sweet potato salad (which was delicious, and which I will be eating for dinner tonight) and held my fork at the ready to steal a bite of everyone else's food.The chicken curry was spicy and delicious.  The fried chicken was okay, but had a weird "undertaste" that I couldn't quite put my finger on.  The meatloaf was as good as my Dad's, and that is saying something - it was seriously delicious, and was like, mini loaf sized, so not a small portion.  The ribeye was perfection - a little crunchy on the outside from a perfect sear, perfectly medium rare, and delicious.  Those pretzel bites with cheese fondue are about the size of tennis balls, so be ready for that - "bites" they are not.  I couldn't leave that alone unfortunately; I am a huge sucker for liquid cheese.At this point I seriously wanted to die.  I could hardly breathe I was so full.  That is until the desserts that my sadistic dining companions ordered came out.  The monkey bread was good, the chocolate tart thingy was good, but friends - the caramel custard with caramel corn on top?  I will dream about it.The staff is super hip and cool, the girls are amazing looking and fantastically dressed to boot, the guy performing with his guitar was perfection, and the decor is something out of my dreams.  How do you not like this place?
4	Loved this place. Great service and food in a really fun setting. The appetizers were delicious and reasonably priced. Cant wait to go back.
3	After a Saturday of late night partying, I would totally recommend this place for hangover recovery. The Sunday lunch crowd comes in there causal hip clothes. Great place for drinks and food. Portion size are small. The mall is across the street for shopping before or after eating.
3	Pretzels & Fondue are great. Drinks are creative (but overpriced and small). Food is decent. Nothing to write home about but not bad.  Fun atmosphere. I mostly go for the pretzels and fondue. Reasonably priced.  There have been multiple times I've been appalled by the outfits of the waitresses. Too much skin showing, beyond inappropriate, on the verge of a strip club.  Also, without any waiter uniform, you can't tell waiters from guests.  They need a dress code. Also the music is much to loud when they have live bands. Don't go on a Friday night if you'd like to have conversation.
4	I would be the crazy lady with a pom pom in the corner shouting "PRETZEL FONDUE! PRETZEL FONDUE!" when the server came to take your order. The other day my daughter had salami for the first time and told my husband, "I want to marry 25 salamis." That, my friends, is how I feel about the pretzel fondue. Of course, if you aren't a pretzel lover to begin with, ignore my rant.Also decent/interesting is the bacon Bloody Mary. I don't know if I would order another one, but I was glad to have tried it and, honestly, who doesn't like stirring their drink with a thick, delicious slice of bacon? I also ordered a meat-filled sandwich with spicy peppers. I can't remember the name of it, but I have a hard time believing there is a similar menu item. It, too, was delicious and very large. I took it back to the hotel and ate round two several hours later, before falling into a food coma. Our server was super sweet and they had nice outdoor seating. The atmosphere is casual and it seems to attract an eclectic group of people. It is part of the Fox restaurant group, if that means anything to you as far as their quality of food goes.
3	I always give new places 2 tries.  After the 2nd time around, this place was alright.  First visit got the seared tuna salad and it was pretty good.  It had kind of like an Asian gingery kick to it.  Second time got the chicken curry.  It was decent, but was missing rice.  Curry is normally served w/ rice, but thought it was odd that I didn't get rice with it.  Atmosphere is nice especially having a girl's night out or just hanging out w/ a group of people.  Price-wise...it's a bit on the high side for simple food (meaning nothing too special about this place).
5	Love the atmosphere and personalized attention from staff. Great food and upbeat clubby back ground music. Great stop.
4	Yay! I'm a fan. Their meatloaf really is delicious. I NEVER order meatloaf and rarely eat it at all, but I decided to because the waiter recommended it. My friend got the curry and it tasted really good too. The best part was the dessert. We got the caramel custard with the popcorn on top and it was SO good. A little sweet, but worth getting. We both were fighting over the last bites :)The live music was also really fun and I just liked the overall atmosphere. It seemed really fun and lively. I can't wait to come back.
5	Burger, Bloody Mary w bacon were all deelish!!
5	Such a fun atmosphere.  The inside is just as fun as the outside.  I found the staff to be friendly and their style complimented the vibe.   Great place for drinks, and the delicious food always helps after a few.  Definitely left full and happy. I started with the the grilled asparagus, then the pub burger and finished with their version of monkey bread.
3	Wanted to like it... The hipster staff would be better suited for the Arcadia area. Plaid, plaid, plaid. Reminds me of the Vig staff. Food is ok. Gone three times with my employees for work lunches. There was always some sort of issue with someone's grub. Surprised it isn't perfect once I was told that Sam Fox lives on the same corner...
4	Everything I tried here was delicious! Fried chicken is great, as is the crispy shrimp Caesar salad. Drinks are a little on the expensive side- $6 for a beer! Cute atmosphere and a nice patio with heat lamps.
4	Man, I love this place. Seriously. The decor is awesome.  The huge wingback chairs.  Bench seats.  Leather couches.  Chandeliers.  The wallpaper.  The nook where the band plays up front.  The bar.  Heck, even the people are pretty. ;)I love their pretzel bites and the meat and cheese boards.  All delicious.  I had a bite of the meatloaf and I gotta tell ya, didn't love it.  I'm honestly not a huge meatloaf fan so I'm not a great judge, but I didn't even feel that the green beans were very delicious.  (That's okay by me though, I would never order the meatloaf.)I had the red blend of the wine and it was really yummy, my friends all did mixed drinks or beer - all were satisfied.  There has only two things I was dissatisfied with in the two times I've been.  1.) Convenience of parking...(just valet).  2.) The service on my second visit was terrible.  There were 6-7 of us all having cocktails, but not loud by any means.  Our waiter wanted nothing to do with us.  He failed to explain that the meet and cheese that my two friends ordered would be on one plate.  Typically that WOULD be self explanatory, unless two people order it separately not sitting next to one another.  That was awkward when one person ate the food for two people.  When asking for the other individuals food the waiter rolled his eyes and quickly explained they were both obviously served on one board.  Could have been good information to know ahead of time.  My only point from my rant is, if you don't want to deal with groups in social settings serving may not be the occupation for you.  As a friendly group of people we're never a pain to serve and are always happy to tip! :)I have no doubt I will be back to Culinary, maybe I'll give the one in Phoenix a try - it looks like it has a pretty cool vibe to it. :)
4	I went there on a Thursday evening around 5:30pm.  It wasn't all that packed and I was seated by the kitchen in the back against the wall looking out.  It was a sunny evening.  When I first heard of the name, I thought, wow, people who dropout of the culinary school must all go there.  I was totally kidding with that remark.My date and I ordered Chips & Dip, it was homemade chips, not too salty and not too oily, which was great because I didn't want my fingers to be all greasy and sticky; We also had Korean Chicken & Shrimp on sticks, it doesn't have the flavor of being a Korean food and it tasted blend; Their HH food and drink items are just $3, it's totally worth the buck.  And the beer came in a small cute glass, it will definitely fill you up.Our server was Benjamin, he's service was excellent.  If you aren't sure what to order, make sure you ask him as he'll tell you what's good and what's not so good.  Try it out the next time you are in Old Town Scottsdale.
4	Great location across from Scottsdale Fashion Mall and the service here was good. Still busy on a Sunday night but we were able to walk in and get a nice table on the patio so that was nice. Our server was definitely attentive and happy to offer recommendations and answer questions. My friends got the Fried Chicken which they loved. I got the  BBQ Ribs with coleslaw and  fries. They had a good flavor and the sauce was good but I doubt I would order them again. The rib where super fatty, and the meat didn't come off the bone very easily. The coleslaw was heavily dressed. And I had to complain but that was the smallest serving of fries I've ever seen at a restaurant. Although they were tasty.  I'm usually a huge fan of the food at Fox Restaurants but this one didn't hit the mark. I would got back and try something else but I'd probably more likely go to one of their other restaurants first.
4	Good place to come eat while shopping, nice outdoor patio and bar. If not crowded, just do it!
4	I really enjoyed this place.  Came here after shopping with my mom and wanted to try some place new within Fashion Square Mall.  Our hostess was awesome!  We wanted patio seating with a heater...it was cold in the shade and she made it happen.  Our server was awesome too she was very helpful and answered all our questions as this was our 1st visit.  We started with drinks and then she suggested appetizers -chips with their onion dip.  AWESOME!  They were delicious.  We decide to split the chicken salad and she warned us it had mayo ....classic chicken salad.  Glad she mentioned that.  We also ordered the soup of the day which was "yesterdays" soup and it was excellent.  The staff was awesome and the food was great.  We both enjoyed our chips, salad and soup along with our wines.  The whole experience was great!  Yes...I would come here again.
2	Liked the a la carte appetizer concept. My food was good and decent craft beer selection. Server was friendly. Main negative was loud music made it difficult to converse. Pounding bass of techno music reverberated so you could literally feel it.  Asked if it could be slightly reduced but it was not possible. Seriously guys if the music was less deafening you'd still be hip and people could actually converse and enjoy the without shouting. If I had read this review I would have known to choose a different restaurant.
3	Wasn't impressed as the food we ordered was average with a minimal selection. Mostly younger folks, lots of drinking
4	Good, though I wasn't overly impressed. Very nice server, and reasonable prices, though our group didn't leave there thinking, "That was amazing. Gotta go back!" I should mention that the inside appearance is very nice, and I'm sure I'll give it a second try sometime down the road.
3	This is a very noises restaurant!  Patio seating is the way to go because the heat lamps are warm and its great people watching. Great beer selection!  I think the antipasto menu is the way to go if I ever return. Not the best of the Fox restaurants but it's crowded on a week night so there must be done hidden gem I missed.
4	My husband and I we're exited to try this new restaurant we heard so much about... I was presently surprised, the food and the service were great, loves the olive, cheese and cold cuts platter. It can be a bit in the expensive side, but with trying.
3	This place was ok. Good location on where the restaurant is at. The beer selection is nice. As far as the food it's not the best. The appetizers on the cheese is so minimal. They need to have a cheese platter. The baked chips is good. This place is good to eat at if you want to drink and snack.
4	Love this place! The food is wonderful! It's classic american with a twist. GO HERE if you LOVE FOOD
5	My friends planned my going away party here and the food was great!! Definitely get the pretzels if you go there!
4	We Love love love this place. The food is excellent. The fried chicken and the pretzels are unbelievable. I give them a 4 since 90% of the time the service sucks but worth it anyways
4	At Costco around the holidays, we bought $100 gift certificate for $75 for any Fox restaurant.   We were going to go into olive and Ivy but changed gears and decided to try this place.It wasn't bad.  We sat at a table with two comfortable sofa chairs.  The menu was a bit sparse.  Mostly sandwiches and bar food.   We started (as our waitress suggested) with a cheese and meat appetizer.  She had the chicken club.  I had the turkey pastrami and opted to try their Matador margarita (a ginger flavored margarita.) Everything was tasty.  The waitress even brought us gratis a bowl full of caramel popcorn as a dessert to much on.   All said and done it was $52 plus tip.  It's not a bad place.  Typical FOX concept restaurant.  We would go again.
2	Second time we came here, first time was just for drinks.  Typical fox concept feel, but the food was downright gross.  Our whole party all tried different food, and now everyone feels half sick.  Would never go back to eat.  Service straight up munches pork butt, that and some indigestion and you have a culinary GED.
2	Went for lunch.   Ordered Pub burger well done and fries.   When burger came it was cooked medium.    Red throughout and juices red.    Not even close to well done.     Mistakes happen and that is fine so I sent back burger.    My burger came after my lunch date was already done eating.The second burger was cooked OK.    The food overall was just OK  not good or great.    Nothing outstanding about atmosphere.  Most disappointing part was they charged me for the burger and did not offer anything to compensate for our ruined meal .   My friend had to eat alone and so did I.  No manager came over to apologize. We will not go back.   Too many other great choices in that area.
4	I don't think there is a Fox concept restaurant that is not good! Pastrami sandwich rocked!
4	Great atmosphere.  The pretzels and cheese appetizer is an absolute requirement.  Good craft beers as well
4	One of my favorite places to take visitors.  The pretzels and potato chips are amazing. Sit outside if it's warm out.   Only reason it's not 5 starts is because they got rid of the beef stroganoff.   By far the best thing on the menu and they got rid of it!!!! Bring it back please!!!
4	Cute place with excellent food and service.We found the delicious food to be on the heavier size - for example, their infamous pretzel bites with cheese fondue is worth the weight ;-)   My husband and I ended up getting a few small things instead of an entree after starting with that, but everything we had was amazing!!  Their Antipasti are a la carte, which is perfect because you can choose only things you like - especially nice for vegetarians!Great experience for a friend's birthday - really excellent service for our large party, great food, great drinks, and a nice, boisterous atmosphere.
5	Fried chicken was awesome, great atmosphere but a bit too loud for my taste. Service was great even though it was packed.
3	Sometimes I enjoy my meal here, sometimes I don't. Kinda hit or miss. Love the pretzel  balls but don't care for much else here. Great staff.
4	We attended the 4-course beer pairing and I highly recommend it.  The service was amazing and fast.  The pairing experience lasted about 2 hours and you are seating with other diners at a table that seats 16 people so you have an opportunity to really interact with the other diners which for us made the experience more fun.  If you are not a social butterfly this type of dining experience may not be for you.During the pairing the beer representative made his rounds explaining what we were drinking and the history behind the beer and how it is made.  The chef also made his rounds after each course was served to give us the ingredients and techniques used.  Overall a great experience, plenty of service and we didn't have to do anything.  The only things that could have been a little different was the lighting was very dim so reading about our experience or reviewing the catalogs that were on the table was difficult and it was at times difficult to hear what was being said over the restaurant and other patron noise.
4	Food is good..on the weekends its always a long wait and the musicians are def not of my taste. Plus its super loud when they do have musicians. But i would definitely get the pretzel fondue its pretty awesome.
4	After receiving a Fox gift card from a co-worker my guy and I decided on Culinary Dropout to go use it at. The atmosphere was fun, hip and cool with a warm evening to round it out with outdoor seating. We had already checked out the the menu before heading over so we already had an idea of what we wanted. To start I got the brown bag beer just cause it sounded cool and the soft pretzels and cheese which were amazing!! I also got the grilled chicken club and the "cheap house salad" yes that is the real name. My guy got the chicken curry. We were both pleased with the food it was good portions with good flavor but it was nothing that really wowed us. For it being a week day evening the place was about 2/3 with no wait for a table however our only negative comment during the meal was that it seemed to take the waitress quite some time to come back to us  to check in and offer the check. All in all it was a good meal and nice atmosphere.
5	My favorite restaurant in Phoenix!The pretzel fondue appetizer is always a hit, and I loved the kale and sweet potato salad. Culinary dropout knows how to do healthy-tasty right! Can't wait to go back!
3	No country for old menDemographically I don't fit the mold.Guy over 60. Had a beer finished it,after 10 minutes finally had to grab someone for a second one. Ordering to go .We will see,I am invisible in this place.
1	Just brutal. They have a mandatory policy that waiting list has a 10+ minute wait to sit down. We came in as a party of five and they told us 90 minute wait and we waited over 20 minutes and 6 tables were completely empty. We complained to the hostesses and manager and they didn't care at all. Props to the servers we talked to as they were very annoyed they had empty tables when it was obvious there was people waiting.
3	If u wanna be pleasently disappointed, stop by. We enjoyed our food with plenty of salt and mayo...thank god it's dark. Monkeys are dying on Africa...check out the menu.  Bring a camelbag cuz the bartender takes so long to pour a drink.
2	What happened? I hate writing bad reviews more than anything because I love promoting local business. I hate writing bad reviews for restaurants I've previously had amazing experiences at even more.     To say the least, customer service here, at least last night, was horrendous. We arrived at peak dining hours--around 6:30, and knew we wouldn't be able to glide right in to a table so a wait was understandable. The first hostess was friendly enough and told us it would be about an hour and a half to two hour wait. We ordered drinks from the bar (really good!) the el diablo and the beer shandy and snagged seats at the outdoor bar. The bartender was a little arrogant and sarcastic which could definitely put some patrons off, but whatever, I had a good drink and can handle some snarky comments.     What killed me was when I went to check on our position in the line around 8:30. I walked up and all three hostesses were standing there talking and acted like I was intruding in on their conversation. She told me it would be another forty five minutes to an hour. Hadn't we already been sitting and waiting for 2 hours? I was annoyed and put off by this. We decided to leave the bar and stand in the lobby. To my distaste I watched as the main hostess greeted three men and when they asked how long the wait would be she responded "everyone is canceling, it shouldn't take long". I get it. Young hostesses want to flirt with cute guys, but c'mon. Customers are standing right in front of you that have been for much longer than "it won't take long".       Finally seated at 9pm. The food was delicious and our waitress was speedy and friendly. What a shame that I left with a bad taste in my mouth, and an even bigger shame for my friend that I brought who had never been here before. Not a great first impression for her.
5	The turkey pastrami is amazing! I recommend it to everyone! Make it even better by having the pretzel fondue as an appetizer. Service could use a little improvement but the food is amazing!!!!
5	Excellent service, delicious food, great drinks, all-in-all a fantastic restaurant - Go there now!
4	What's not to like about Culinary Dropout? The antipasto was not only phenomenal, but during happy hour is an incredible bargain. If you're into vodka, the Moscow Mule is a fantastic drink served in an old-school copper cup. The ribs were incredible and almost too much to handle for one person. I managed to finish them off though. Full menu at the bar, and the service was great. This is a very cool hang out.
2	Cool-looking place, decent food, pretty good service.  Why only two stars instead of three?  We made a reservation over the phone, showed up on time, and still had to wait over an hour, being lied to repeatedly by the hostesses in the process, while other groups with later reservations were seated before us. Not worth it.  Avoid.
5	We are here every year for Spring Training and we stay down the street, by far the best bartender is , BLAKE he is amazing. My boyfriend and I are bartender from Northern California and a he hands down has made the most amazing drinks I've ever had! Dirty martini shaken with an olive??? Wow. Man I've learned so many new techniques. You my friend are here to stay. Service and drinks top notch! Come here! You'll be missing out if you don't!
5	I had given up on Culinary Dropout over a year ago after my first couple of trips.  The food was ok, but the service was not good and there was a general chaos and disorganization that seemed to permeate everything.  Last weekend we returned for the first time to meet some friends, and I have to say that the experience has changed dramatically.  The service was en pointe, the food was very good, and we had a fantastic time.  They have turned things around and we will definitely be back.
4	I've been to Culinary Dropout for dinner several times now and have always had a good experience. We tend to eat early so I haven't encountered the lines or service problems other reviews have mentioned. We've always been seated immediately and have had great service. A few people have mentioned the way the staff dresses; it is true that the female staff dresses somewhat.... uniquely. I'll just say the words "wholesome family restaurant" are probably not what comes to mind. Anyway, all I care about is the food, which is excellent. My daughter loves the Iberico ham. Their Iberico isn't the 36-month aged acorn-fed amazing stuff you get at Robuchon, but is still quite good. My other favorites there are the Korean-style ribeye cap, fish and chips, pub burger, and fried chicken. The ribeye cap is a must-have, imho. Tender, juicy, and a unique flavor from the marinade. The batter used on the chicken and fish and chips is really nice - very light and airy, crisp and crunchy. The fish in the fish and chips is fresh and flaky. Flavors in the chicken and fish and chips aren't particularly unique or interesting, but the batter, quality ingredients, and perfect cooking really serve to elevate them. The pub burger (with bbq sauce and bacon) is flavorful and juicy. The only dish I've been disappointed with was the meatloaf. Waiters on two visits recommended the meatloaf so I broke down and tried it even though I'm not a meatloaf fan. Sad to say that after trying it I'm still not a meatloaf fan. YMMV if you're partial to meatloaf.Drinks are a bit pricey, and I wouldn't pick this as the place to guzzle cocktails but the bar area always seems to be hopping. Overall, one star off for lacking a bit more creativity in the menu, but four stars for solid execution on what they do have, along with very comfortable seating at both tables and booths.
3	Nice to place to hangout.  I couldn't find much on the menu that really excited me so I got the Turkey Pastrami.  The sandwich was huge and was fine.  They have really good drinks.  I also like the live music.
5	Great meal great atmosphere great prices would highly recommend. first time in Scottsdale and plan on going back to eat again before I leave!A group of three of us went there for dinner. We were greeted promptly and seated immediately the place was full but service was quick.
4	3.75 stars. My friend and I were new to the area and decided to try something different. We waited to be seated for about 45 minutes. The decor of the resturant is very interesting and I enjoyed the overall experience. Our waitor was great! The food was good and they have a selection you dont see to often...like the pretzels with fondue! I would recommend this place if you need to grab a bite because it is a different ambiance from most resturants.
5	This place is perfect! Somehow, it can accommodate a family setting with children and a typical scottsdale bar hopping crew at the same time! It has delicious food but the drinks are unbelievable. BEST BLOODY MARY in town!!
4	A very eclectic menu here, something for everyone.  The food is excellent, but the music was a little loud for us.  Otherwise, it's a great place to have a very nicely prepared, flavorful meal.
5	Great food! The balls are great. Staff is nice. The curry chicken was bomb. Was a nice treat from out of town. The drinks are different too. A+++
3	This was recommended to me by the concierge at the hotel I was staying at. I was by myself and sat at the bar. Definitely a lively place but the bartender was attentive. He made me several excellent cocktails. The food was decent, although my mussels were a bit undercooked....definitely not good for shellfish. I had the kale salad as an entree and they added salmon to it for some protein. All in all tasty, but not outstanding.
1	I was so excited to try this place out for my best friend's 22nd birthday, but I was really disappointed. We had a reservation for 12 people, but the birthday girl and I got there 5 minutes early so we could sit at the table and be ready when everyone got there. The hostess was very rude and said we were too early and that we needed at least half of our party to be seated. Firstly, 5 minutes is too early?!?! Secondly, when we had 5 people she would not seat us, because we needed 1 more person... When we finally had 7 people she looked us up and down very disapprovingly (probably because we weren't in skimpy clothes) and walked us to our table.The place was packed and very busy, and our waiter was running around a little frantic. I understand it's busy, so that didn't bother me much. He was really great and said happy birthday to the birthday girl and apologized for not coming sooner. We all ordered some pretzel bread, which was amazingggg, and some drinks and he was really excited for us to be there. However, we didn't order a second round of drinks and he got very cold and started to become almost rude. Apparently if you're not a big drinker don't go there, even if you order $300 worth of food. Overall, wouldn't go back or recommend, but the decor was awesome.
4	This is the place to go if you want comfort food. Fun menu and cool decor.  This place definitely has the South Scottsdale vibe going on here. However, I went in the afternoon and there were a couple of tables seated with kids and strollers. So, I think this place is pretty accommodating to all.
4	Great place to eat. Very impressed with the meat and cheese appetizers. The main courses were unique and not too pricey considering you're in the heart of Scottsdale. This place is a must visit if you want a quality dining experience that won't break the bank.
2	Let me start out....I am a huge fan of Fox Concept restaurants and have had nothing but good experiences at most, except Culinary.  The staff and service are both excellent, but I cannot get on board with the food.  Nothing special and a little pricey for what you are getting.The atmosphere and decor of Culinary are both awesome and trendy, but the menu needs a little updating.  The drinks are fun, but the salad and the burger that I have had are bland, dry, and not worth the cost.  I am always more than excited for a Fox Concept restaurant, but Culinary is not my favorite.
4	I love the atmosphere aThe music is great also but usually a bit too loud. Will definetely go back!
4	I was in Scottsdale last month for a work function and one of our colleagues recommended dinner at Culinary Dropout. I loved the  feel of the restaurant. It wasn't pretentious , a little against the grain (another plus for me) & food was top notch.  We had the prosciutto deviled eggs and humboldt fog cheese  for appetizers. Both were delicious. I washed it down with a Kilt Lifter. For dinner I chose the Korean style ribeye cap while my friends ordered the meatloaf and ribs.  The ribeye was perfectly seasoned and cooked exactly as ordered.  Everyone in my party enjoyed their meals and commented  several times about the quality of the food, atmosphere and  friendliness of the staff.  I highly recommend it and will go back next time I'm in town.
1	One star for the atmosphere besides that the food was really bad I got the grilled cheese sliders and they were just plain gross. The cheese was nasty and tastes like it was fried in old grease. Harsh I know.
1	Skip it.  Great atmosphere, but over-priced mediocre food.  Grilled cheese was nothing more than I could make.  Chicken club was edible... But nothing special .  Food quality was way below expectations and nothing was very good.
2	First impressions last the longest.  This was our first time there.  We were impressed with the atmosphere...very "hip" (and loud) indeed.  Our server came to our table...he could have been a homeless person for all we knew...bearded out, tattooed, gadged earrings, and a nose ring that told us he was a rebel and perhaps did some prison time?  Rad.  He took our drink orders. Came back with our drinks and my date and I asked for straws...came back with un-covered straws.  What I mean by that is he came back with straws that were open to the elements.  Whatever.  I put my straw in and took my first sip of Water and to my dismay, tasted something sweet on my straw.  It appeared that something was on my straw!  Was it our servers sticky fingers?  I wasn't thirsty anymore.  Diner's beware, ask for a straw with caution. Drink responsibly. We ordered the pretzel fondue for starters.  Very good. (Thanks Yelpers)  Asked the server for suggestions as to what was good there and he basically read the menu...thanks man....not helpful but thanks anyway.  It was then that I decided that it was my goal to see if I could make him smile or show some sort of human emotion  (I failed...). He was a bit of a harda$$.  Hard to crack but he was "hip"...fitting place for him to work. I ordered the ribs.  "36hrs" of something enticed me to get them.  Meh. They were boiled and had a decent sauce in them.  Nothing special.  My date got the fried chicken.   She offered a bite, I took a bite and grease poured out. Nasty.  That just tells me the oil used hasn't been changed for a while.  Mmmm...tasty. Overall, great place to drink and people watch.  The Scottsdale crowd is great to entertain us people watchers.  Food and straws are funky.  For that I give them two stars. Maybe that's why their called "culinary dropout".
5	Love this place, great food and great service!
5	I was a huge fan of all the staff! Everyone was alive with energy, the waitresses wore cute little dresses, the waiters were all boy band like! Not a place to take your kids in the pm hours , but you are coming to drink, and eat right?. This is a trendy, fun, chic little spot. Great drink menu and an amazing selection of meats and cheeses to nosh on. The black mussels,, to die for!  i was so full I did not even get to try an entree which means we'll be back!
4	A few friends recommended Culinary Dropout, so gave it a try on a Friday night.  While it was busy, it's a very large space with outdoor seating, and we had no wait for a table.  It's in the Scottsdale Waterfront area, many restaurant choices so guessing you can always find a spot to eat without a long wait.The menu seemed a bit small, but some good choices.  I had the Rainbow Trout which was fantastic and I'd have it again in a minute!  My girlfriend had the Kale Salad with Bacon.  I tried it and liked it, but she thought it was so/so (too much dressing for her taste).  They also had a Bacon Bloody Mary on the menu (though neither of us tried it as we were having drinks later).  Would go back to try that.If you are very conservative or a bit stuffy (or planning on going with someone who is), be prepared as it's a bit "hipster".  One odd thing was that they had a live musician.  "Interesting" choice of music...he started playing a Quiet Riot song ("C'mon Feel The Noise") but as more a folk song.  Not really our thing so didn't stay long after dinner (there were more lively venues elsewhere in Scottsdale).Would go back again, though there are other great selections in Scottsdale that I might go to first.
5	One of my favs and the fried chicken is totally worth the wait!
4	Went here late night with some buddies for some grub during a Bachelor party!  Food is great, atmosphere was great, music was great.. overall a very good time!
4	Stopped in for lunch so I did not experience a wait. Loved the atmosphere and the staff was really nice and attentive. The food was tasty. I had the pretzel fondue and the Italian chopped salad.
5	There is nothing not to like here.  Must try the fondue pretzels.   Sit at the bar if you can for good interaction and people watching.
5	yum!  two words..roasted artichoke!
4	Have been wanting to try this place for awhile, so I took my mom for mother's day.  I made a reservation via open table, for 3 pm the Saturday before.  It's a great space.  Lots of indoor and outdoor seating, and not your typical tables.  Big, comfy chairs and big tables.  Music was louder than what should be at 3 pm, suggesting a night club atmosphere, and with the big tables, it was hard to hear conversation.  Food was "fantastic" as my 15 year old daughter said.  She had the fried chicken.  My husband ordered the meatloaf, which he said was almost as good as my mom's.  :)  Since she was dining with us, that was more to save face, I think.  I ordered the kale salad with grilled chicken, which I thought tasted like a True Food salad.  (exactly what I would want)  My dad had the french dip, he enjoyed it.  My mother ordered the gorgonzola salad, with grilled chicken.  This is where it gets....not so good.Her salad came with lettuce and chicken.  No cheese.  We looked for our waiter for quite some time, and finally flagged down a hostess.  Our waiter came back, only to explain that the cheese is mixed in with a chicken "salad" and since she ordered grilled chicken, they don't mix the cheese in with that.  He could give her some cheese, but it would be an up charge.  My mom is 70, and with that age comes a bit of frugality.  She knew I was paying for lunch, but didn't want me to get charged and "up charge" for it, so she got a little....mad.  The waiter brought over the cheese sauce they use for the chicken salad, and she put it on her salad and liked that.  There wasn't an up charge for the sauce.  A little bit of drama that didn't need to happen.  From both parties, IMO.
5	Every time I come here for drinks and dinner I am more and more impressed. The service is great and the atmosphere is awesome. The live music is always so good and add so much to the experience. This place is great for a date night or dinner with friends. I recently took a group here for a bachelorette party and it was so enjoyable. They accommodated our large group effortlessly and the food was fast and delicious. I recommend the preztel balls and dip for a snack or appitizer!!
5	Best fried chicken.  Period.
5	This is a great spot in downtown Scottsdale.  I am visiting from NY and found this place to be trendy with a great atmosphere and even better food. Everything my group of 4 ordered was amazing. Definitely order the frIed chicken or ribs as an entree. The pretzel fondue was fantastic as well.  If you are visiting Phoenix you need to check this place out.
4	This place is pretty gooooood.  I think the meatloaf is still my favorite by far, but the best part is imbibing on too many cocktails.
4	The food is always good, and they are always changing up the menu in someway! I tried a couple of their signature cocktails this time and really enjoyed them! Another great experience!
4	Okay....a restaurant is called Culinary Dropout which lead me to believe it was probably another "foo foo" restaurant......I was wrong!! Went there for the first time today and found it casual and a good place to kick back with friends. It has a good variety of appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, etc. We had a couple of appetizers and then I ordered the chicken tortilla soup......it was incredible! I am a "tortilla soup aficionado" and this was as good as any I have had in the valley. Will definitely go back!
5	Just tried Culinary Dropout for the first time - delicious!  Of course the pretzel bites with cheese sauce were great but we also enjoyed the burrata, roasted beets, and grilled asparagus. Great table out on the patio and the staff was super friendly. I will definitely be back.
5	What a great experience! Saira our waitress was awesome...the ribs are amazing and her suggestion on adding kale to the salad! Thumbs up!
4	Been traveling last week through America and this was by far the best food I have eaten. Steak was cooked perfectly and service from staff was awesome.
5	Back for the second time in 3 days and Culinary Dropout did not disappoint. A late lunch on the patio with great service by Jake. Of course I had to get the pretzels again but I also tried the chicken club sandwich. Everything was delicious and I have this restaurant as one of my favorites when I visit Scottsdale.
4	I love this spot for hh. $3 mug beer (not too bad of a selection), a good variety of apps for $6. The pretzel fondue is a MUST - it changed my view of pretzels and cheese! Everything we ordered was good, service was pretty good and it's a nice area to enjoy outdoor dining. Check it out for HH!
5	second stop on our booze cruise. we arrived a few minutes before the horde of other riders so we got a spot at the bar. we asked the bartender about the moonshine drinks and she was able to explain them (it's not like the 'shine my grandpa use to make....). we tried the blueberry, apple pie, and strawberry moonshine drinks. they were all tasty but not too sweet. when the other riders (about 100 of them) showed up, the place got busy. but what was so impressive was watching the 2 bartenders work that place! they were in such a flow, it was amazing how fast and smooth they worked! we didn't eat this time, but they have a good, albeit small food menu and the decor is as usual, very cool!
3	Great food, okay service.  Could use harder workers and people who are a little more attentive to the customers and less attentive to how they look.
4	This place was beyond cool. Geared toward the young adult crowd. This place is a gastropub with occasional live music, a great menu, and awesome decor. They have these leather couch benches that extend the length of the entire restaurant. The food was delicious. Culinary dropout of not, this chef knows what's up!The corn, avocado, kale, and beet salad was one of the best salads I have ever eaten. I added a piece of roasted salmon and it was cooked to perfection. The portions are huge and I was flying home the next day, otherwise I would have taken mine home to eat again.We did not order the pretzel and cheese dip, but we saw it brought out to a bunch of tables and it looked really good.They also have really interesting cocktails, of their own creation. I had this cider drink with lemon flavor and something else added. I wish I knew the name because I would order this a million times over. The also offer a surprise beer in a brown bag for $1.95. Too cute. It is actual served in a brown bag, but it happened to be a Milwaukee brew.We had a small issue with the bill not matching the menu price, but that was corrected once we brought it to their attention. This cost them a star because if we hadn't noticed then they would have up charged us.We had a great meal and incredible drinks here. This is a great spot for groups or even a date night.
2	Ambience was a little odd but ok.  We ordered the pretzels with the cheese fondue to start off with.  The cheese was cold but it eventually melted with the candle under it.  The pretzels were only hot on the top of the top layer no doubt from a heat lamp.  They were cold inside.  Otherwise they had a good flavor. For the main course I had the fried chicken.  The chicken was not worth the wait.  The French fries were burnt,  the Cole slaw was nasty, and the biscuit was cold,  although the butter was melted.  My wife had the prime rib and was not impressed either. The 2 stars are for our waitress.  She was really nice and she can't be responsible for the menu
4	Pretty much agree with the other reviews but have to say that the super long wait for a table and ridiculously loud atmosphere (although it is really kinda cool and trendy) is worth it for the turkey pastrami sandwich. Forget everything else on the menu and get this sandwich. Just do it. It's the best sandwich I've ever had and I've had some amazing sandwiches and I'm super picky, too!! The cole slaw is amazing. The turkey is smokey and lean. The pretzel bun is to die for. SO good. We also always get the cheese plate. We're from Wisconsin. We know good cheese. This place has a great cheese plate. I also tried the grilled cheese sliders but seriously, nothing else is as good as the turkey. Sat next to a guy who almost had an orgasm over the monkey bread dessert but I didn't try it (should have!) Overall, it's worth the wait and noise but they really, really need to get on Open Table and start taking reservations. Would help a lot. Also need some waiting areas and to cut back on the volume of the music or add some acoustic elements so you're not deaf when you leave. Wouldn't mind some better cocktails, too. I've had two and neither of them were very good. I'll go for wine next time. Will still go back for the food but hope to see some improvement on the flow of the restaurant, overall. I'll continue to try to go on weeknights and late at night so I can get in without standing outside for an hour.
5	It was my first time here and I absolutely loved it! Food was delicious and staff was very friendly. Very clean and comfortable. Will definitely be back!
1	My teenage daughter and I used to love this place! However, the service is getting so bad... We likely won't be back. I thought maybe because they are busy... but as they started to clear out it got worse! We sat for over two hours, one drink and had to ask for it twice! We asked for BBQ with meatloaf, twice... She brought it when we were done. How do they stay in business?
3	The food is just OK.  I liked the pretzel bites, and they definitely the slew of good brews they have.  But Meh I wasn't wowed.  Go there for a before dinner snack, and you'll be happy
2	Many recommendations brought me here. Sadly I don't think it was that good. The service was poor due to the clueless waitress not knowing much about ingredients in the items on the menu and the food came out cold. Also, our entrees didn't come out at the same time. Couldn't really tell if food was that good bc it was cold. I didn't try some of my boyfriends famous turkey sandwich but I didn't really think it was anything to brag about.
4	Went for dinner with my parents. We had an antipasti plate with prosciutto, jamon iberico and manchego cheese - absolutely delicious! I could've eaten it for dinner! Instead, I had the chicken curry and it was wonderful as well, but not nearly as spicy as I would've liked. I would definitely return!
5	Drove by and decided to give it a try. Had the 36 hour pork ribs. The best ribs ever!
5	Very good restaurant with eccentric vibe. Got the Gorgonzola Chicken Salad, very refreshing on a sizzling day. Staff all around were super nice! Would definitely go back.
5	I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the music, the service, and the food. the crowds didn't bother me and the music was nice too.
5	Love this place!   Don't forget the to start with the pretzels!!
1	Awful. The staff here is a joke. Made a reservation a week in advance for a group of 10 people for a bachelor party. They gave away our table as we were waiting and were forced to wait another hour as other groups arrived and were seated promptly. Definitely ruined the one group dinner event we had planned and did a good job of making us feel as if our business did not matter.
2	I really had high hopes about this restaurant but we were honestly super disappointed. I started with a bacon Bloody Mary and it really missed the mark. We also ordered the pretzel bites and the crunchy shrimp Caesar salad. I get those three things pretty much everywhere I go and I'm really just not feelin dropouts version at all. The best thing I ordered though was the shandy with strawberries and shock top. It was so delicious. Sam was our server and she was wonderful. Nice atmosphere might go there again for drinks.
1	The name says it all, culinary dropout, food and service both worthy of expulsion. I have never been so disappointed or disrespected in a restaurant as I was at culinary dropout.  I placed an order for pickup and when I arrived, the food was sitting by the cash register at the bar in the open. It wasn't under a heat lamp or in anything to keep it warm, I even made a comment to the rude bartender who wanted to finish drying his wine glasses before approaching me asking why the food wasn't being kept warm and that it would be cold before getting home and his response was that it was warm. Then he printed out the check and all he said was "cheers!" I ordered the steak, fish and chips and soft pretzel, all of which were cold and soggy, the steak was already cut up and half of it was fat. Not just marbled with fat, pure  yellow fat! The fries were soggy, fondue dipping sauce was solidified, fish and chips were cold and limp. Giving the restaurant one star is generous, they can bet their bottom dollar I won't be returning,
2	I've been to Culinary Dropout a couple of times; the first time I took it as a fluke since the service was so poor, but after another experience that was similar, I'd say it was not a fluke.The first time we went in we opted to just sit at the bar & have drinks & dessert. No one was attentive; we had to flag down the bartender to take our order & get our check. Additionally, I got a lot of attitude when I told them that I didn't really like the dessert. Overall, it was just a blah experience, especially considering how much we paid for our order.The second time we went, the service was a little better than the first time. We sat down for dinner & ordered the mac burger & the fried chicken. The coleslaw which came with the fried chicken wasn't very good; if ordered again, I'd get just the chicken with mashed potatoes & gravy. The mac burger was large & my date seemed to enjoy it.Overall, however, I find that there's nothing great about the meal or the experience when dining at this restaurant. I understand there might be other meals that are worth the money but as I've experienced it, I can't justify going back & getting $16 fried chicken & mashed potatoes.
4	Great place for hang out playing games with friends and family! Delicious food, best Bloody Mary's!!!
5	Incredible food! I have had several items on the menu, and every time I am blown away. Great service, location, and specialty drinks. One of those places I always bring friends and family when they are visiting from out of town. Definitely recommended!
5	There are very few places that I go to eat.  I'm a big guy, I'm picky, and I know what I like.  I took my mom in to Culinary Dropout the other day, and I must say, I WILL be going back!Starting off, the hostess was extremely presentable and nice, and extremely courteous to us. She was by far the best hostess at any place I have ever been to.  She sat us in a section across from the bar where it was half booth and half table,  and our servers name was Tyler. Tyler was awesome at explaining the menu and the antipasti menu to us.   Alas, we did not order the antipasti.  Instead we ordered what any sane person would order there.  The soft pretzels.   They are amazing!!!!!  We then ordered our own food. I had the hoagie and she had the equivalent of a French dip.  Again every thing was amazing.Tyler then can back and explained the deserts to us. We chose the Monkey bread..  Ladies and gentlemen, if you do not know what monkey bread is, you need to go there and order it.  It's quite possibly the best dessert I've ever had...  All in all, this place is a solid 5 stars. No joke.  All the staff is fashion forward, well groomed, and it's an all around fun place to start out your night!
3	Have been here twice.  Food is good.  Just think its a bit overpriced
5	The service was great, very friendly and down-to-earth. My son had the steak and I had the salmon and both were awesome. We walked away full, relaxed & happy.
3	Meh.I came here because a guy from church said it's one of his favorites and he loves the pretzel fondue. To be fair, the pretzel fondue was really good. Everything else was not. I tried the kale salad and added chicken. The whole thing tasted like smoked bacon although there was no bacon. It was so gross. They let me order something else, so I ordered the chicken salad. I'm not that hard to please and like chicken salad almost anywhere. Nope. It was way too saucy, did not cling together at all, and the sauce just tasted bad. Terribly disappointing. My husband got the meatloaf which was alright. Everything was WAY overpriced. The only good things were the service and the pretzel fondue. This place must be for tourists. Yuck.
4	I discovered this jewel on my last visit to the Phoenix area. The honey trickle fried chicken is great! Cool place to hang and enjoy good food.
4	Me and my lady dined here last week. For me, it was my first time. The waitress recommended the pretzel bites to start, which were great. Overall between the service and food it was a good experience.
4	Went here on a date, loved the atmosphere and decor! It's not typically somewhere I would go but was pleasantly surprised with the choice. The food was great, I chose something seasonal and was not disappointed. It was packed, however the servers were attentive and polite. We had to a move as there was a large party that came in however the server took our appetizer off the bill even though it was not an inconvenience.
5	Great food, cool atmosphere
4	Was in AZ for a day earlier this month (July) and came here at the recommendation of a client. This place did not disappoint! I ordered the 36-hour Pork Ribs. Portion is large and comes with cole slaw and fries. To my surprise (and the waitress') I ate the entire dish. Did not have room for dessert, but the next time I'm in Arizona, I'll be sure to stop by again.Venue is very spacious. Good for large groups. Date friendly as well.
5	Junk food favorites mixed with fancy delicacies :) First time I went we ordered the soft pretzel bites with provolone fondue. It was the perfect combination of stadium food and wonderful cheese. Main course was the asparagus, tomatoes, bread and olive oil and the salami. We did get the olives and I have to say this was one thing we weren't a huge fan of. The fig preserve that comes with the bread is a must try! For dessert we got the caramel popcorn custard. I have never tasted anything so amazing ! They also have tons of fun drinks and the service is always great but casual. A lot of nights they have live music. One of my favorites!
5	Love this place! Great food and drinks in a trendy atmosphere.  Love the yard area to play bags, ping pong, etc
4	Get the homemade potato chips, grilled cheese sliders, and monkey bread. You won't be disappointed. If you are, you'll get over it.
4	Food is very good. Service is great. I love the decoration in this place. But on a Friday or Saturday night its very loud and the band at 8:00 is horrible. So go before the band start. On weeknights they have excellent happy hour.
4	This is the 4th time I've come here, and the food has always been great. the salads as well as the entrees are all delicious, even the kale salad! The salt caramel  custard is to die for, so save room for dessert. I gave the place 4 stars only because its SO loud in there, you cant hear the people sitting across the table from you. Will definitely b going back.
2	It's more hype than what it delivers... Parking is annoying, I haven't been back in over a year. Many better places to eat in the area.
3	I had the pleasure of going to the Culinary Dropout to celebrate my son-in-law's birthday. Our reservation was for 6:45 on a Saturday evening. We were seated promptly. Our server and the hostess were pleasant, helpful and overall it was a great experience for the food and service. We had the signature dish of pretzels and cheese sauce and they didn't disappoint- delicious!! We didn't finish them all but they went home and were enjoyed later. My son-in-law and I ordered specialty drinks which were good but seemed a tad overpriced. My fish and chips were really tasty and the Korean beef dish was a big hit too. The reason for only 3 stars was it was incredibly difficult to have any kind of conversation in this restaurant (and they had plenty of open tables when we arrived but by the time we were leaving it was packed inside and out). They were getting ready to have a band play after we left. There would be no chance at all to speak with your  company once a band started so I'm glad we came when we did!
4	The place is very nice.   Service was good. We ate the homemade pretzel which was fantastic. Main course had steak which was good and we had the chicken salad which was okay. Overall a nice place to go.
1	The service here happens to be fine.... But the whole "concept" misses the boat. In fact, it doesn't even get to the dock.  I ordered bresaola to start. It was as if someone took a scissor, shredded it, and threw it on a plate. No olive oil, no green, ... Nothing.  The bistro steak served with Gorgonzola was tasteless. I substituted the fries with asparagus which was served ice cold... Not room temperature.... But ice cold. I consider this place a culinary rip off and wont be back.
4	I went to Culinary Dropout for a business lunch. Of course my business lunches aren't very "corporate". We usually talk business for about 30 min then its just regular chit chat. I enjoyed my experience here; I didn't give a 5th star just because of trying to find the place once you've parked in the garage (free parking). Other than that, the ambiance was right, chairs/benches are comfy, our server Matt was always on top making sure our glasses were full and we had everything we needed. We started off with the pretzel fondue; Yum! My main dish I chose the Grilled chicken club. It was better than you're traditionally made club. The bacon gave it this wonderful sweet taste I wasn't expecting.  The homemade fries were good, not at all greasy or oily.I will definitely bring friends and family here again.
5	Right in the heart of Scottsdale's fine dining and shopping area. Great service. Outdoor seating (that's covered). We showed up right at lunch time and were able to be seated immediately. The crowd wasn't there yet. They have an antipasta appetizer menu that includes choices of different thinly sliced meats and cheeses. We had prosciutto and two types of cheeses that were phenomenal. Followed that up with a kale and sweet corn (minus the corn) salad for me and a crispy shrimp salad for my colleague. My salad was extremely good and that they were able to modify it made me very happy. The service was excellent and the pricing was really decent as well.
4	Bomb food! Plain and simple! The pretzel with fondue is sooooo yummy and I love the chicken and Gorgonzola salad! Plus it's central to old town, walking distance from the clubs or the mall- major bonus
4	Moscow mules are the best here! The ambiance is cute. They have a patio which is awesome. Great place for birthday dinners and dates!
3	Good food, great location but can get extremely busy during peak hours.
5	I prefer the Culinary Dropout that is attached to The Yard in Central Phoenix. The enviornment on the weekends is great. Always busy, good drinks, food and music. Plus they have this awesome photo booth machine that you can upload, email and text your pictures from. They do close at 12am so that's the only downfall!
1	Our waitress Danielle had been working since 10am (she told us) so she couldn't wait to get off her shift.  She brought us the check so we didn't get a chance to order dessert.  Good thing my fat ass doesn't need it. Then repeated nagged us to sign our check. Fried chicken was weirdly sweet and very dry.  Ribs were good and so were some of the drinks but not good enough to offset the terrible service.
3	Ok so I don't know how to review this place. For the most part I haven't been impressed with their food but I continue to go back because their pretzel balls are amazing! With that said I did like the fried chicken but haven't found anything else that is good and I've tried a lot of their dishes...
5	This is one of the best Gastropubs I've been to! The location is great right in the heart of Scottsdale and by the Fashion Square Mall. We called for reservations at the last minute and they were able to accommodate us!The ambiance is very chill and artsy. Dim lighting and dark furniture. They have outdoor seating as well which is covered. Our waiter was friendly and service was on point. The table ordered antipasti appetizer with bunch of cheeses and meats. This is a must have if you go! We also ordered the pretzels and it was fresh, warm and delicious! I got the kale and corn salad which I loved. Great seasoning and I didn't feel like they skimped out on anything. The waiter was also cool enough to bring a happy birthday dessert for my friend. They have the usual drinks. I had wine. You can't go wrong with wine. Overall I love the ambiance this is a cool spot for a romantic date but can also be good for groups for a special occasion or just because. Check it out!
5	So I started off at the bar and Blake and Matt were the bartenders and they were super attentive and awesome all of their suggestions were spot on. And thenWe got a table and this dude that looked like he was straight out of a zz top video was our server and he freaking amazing knew his stuff to a tee and his recommendations were awesome and honestly between the bartenders Blake and Matt and our server Corey service was ON POINT!!!
5	Great ambiance and fun bar. We have had several outings there and its always fun.
5	Thirsty? Order the paper bag special. It's basically cheap beer, but a cool story behind the name. Drown your sorrows right along with the servers that coined this clever concept. Cheers!
4	love the pretzel knots
4	Culinary Dropout is a fun spot for dinner and drinks with a group of people.  Everyone loves the pretzels and fondue appetizer, though I find it overrated.  The house potato chips are impressive though!  It never fails that someone will order the fried chicken, and I'm not sure why it's never been me.  This restaurant is good at comfort food... the meatloaf is worth trying, I've heard great things about the burger, and I love the kale and sweet potato salad.  Some of the speciality cocktails are pretty good, albeit overpriced.  I stick to some house wine and I'm never disappointed.  Like all Fox Restaurants, their iced tea is lovely.Make a reservation if you're coming on the weekend, so you avoid a wait.  Then kick back, enjoy some live music and good food in a lively astmosphere!
4	Love this place-music some nights --try the apple salad
5	Love this place.  The servers are fun and the food is delishious.
4	Great atmosphere for hanging out, but probably not the best spot for a romantic dinner.  I really Love the Bloody Marys. I crave them all the time. The antipasti options are awesome. I'm really looking to going back the next time I'm in Scottsdale
4	I've eaten here on two of my visits to Phoenix and I've been impressed both times. The food is really tasty and it comes from a unique menu, which I love! The drinks are also really creative. My only criticism is that they're a little pricey but they're really not THAT expensive. A lunch for two, including an appetizer and drinks, was around $60. Overall, both times were enjoyable experiences.
3	Food is decent, not nearly worth what you pay. When i went, my guest and I both received food that seemed like it had sat for a while, it wasnt cold, but didnt seem fresh either. our waitress never came by to refill drinks and overall just seemed preoccupied elsewhere. However, once we asked for the check, she seemed to check in with us much more frequent, of course.
4	I've been in a few times for food and drinks.  The atmosphere is lively and the food is a solid 4/5.  Just be aware that it can get loud during peak hours.
4	Funky/ modern decor. A nice hip new spot in Scottsdale. I'm in town visiting from San Diego and wanted to check out a new spot to eat so we checked out reviews and chose this spot. The food was so great! We shared the pretzels and fondue and I had the ribs both were 2 of the most popular dishes. Extremely flavorful. Love the ambiance and the food.
3	I felt a tad sick after eating the mussels dish here. It had fantastic flavor, though, so I feel bad knocking it.-The chicken chili was awesome, definitely recommend.-Shrimp ramen was good, but I'd like to see a little more bold flavor (spice?) in there, or at least the option of hoisin/lime/sriracha added.-Coworker got the ribs and said they came apart in weird pieces and weren't ideal.
5	I am giving a 5 star review mostly for the service. I had probably the best server here than anywhere I've ever been. You have a diamond there named Tori. She really was terrific. The food I'll give 4 stars. I had the antipasti and it was good but the peppers were way to sour and I love salty sour. The bbq nuts were pretty good as was the salami. I also had the meatloaf sandwich. It was tender and juicy and pretty good. It wasn't heavy like a lot of meatloaf is.I'd go back to try something else and hope I get Tori as my server.
4	Loved the atmosphere and relaxed vibe of the place.  Also like that they text you when your table is ready so you don't have to stick super close while waiting.  The hostess and waitresses were nice and the food was good.  The fries were my favorite, the French dip sandwich was alright, but not worth the price.  I wish I'd picked something less bland.  My friend had the pub burger and said it was great.  The wingback chairs we sat in were comfortable and unexpected in a restaurant.  I want to go back and listen to one of their live music nights. Was a fun new place to try.
4	This place was awesome! Great food and excellent service especially if Evan is your server, he was amazing. Highly recommended.
5	Brugos Pizza is one very special restaurant...the food is DELICIOUS and the ambience spectacular....it is one of our "Must Go to" restaurants when we visit Scottsdale...and we are very picky especially about our "Italian Food"!
5	The menu at culinary dropout is simple, but doesn't limit customers to a variety of tastes. The atmosphere was very nice and relaxing. My girlfriend and I ordered the meatloaf, which was absolutely delicious, easily the best I've ever had. We ordered some appetizers and they were all very flavorful; I particularly enjoyed the pork belly. They also have an extensive drink menu. Overall the prices were reasonable and I had a great experience there. Only complaint was that our table was crooked so it shook a little and the tables with the decorative chairs are uncomfortable if you are shorter or like to lounge.
4	The food was pretty good! Our servers seem to have a conflict with each other that made our experience feel a little weird.The host sat us down and explained the menu to me, but when our server came a few minutes later, she wanted to explain the menu as well. We told her that the host had already done so and she seemed to be offended. Rubbed me the wrong way and made me feel uncomfortable, but the rest of the evening was fun.
1	Other than the pretzel dipped in cheese, the food was horrible. They try way too hard to be original and it hurts the food. Stick with the pretzels....they were actually great.
5	This place is fantastic. I love how they put a spin on classic comfort food and make it their own. Well done!
3	The husband and I stopped here for drinks (and only drinks) so I can only speak to that. He had their 3 bitters manhattan and enjoyed it very much. I was really excited to try a mule, since they have a whole menu of different mules. I decided to try the ginger and mary ann mule and it was unfortunately not awesome. It didn't taste at all like a mule.. you couldn't taste the ginger.... also, the muddled fruit included blackberry (which tastes fine, but I dislike in drinks because of the seeds). The flavor was not awesome and they served it with the tiny cocktail straws.... generally that's ok, but not with a drink that has seeds in it! I could not drink this with the straws, they became plugged with seeds every 5 seconds or so. This is fairly unpleasant. Anyway, that is not a big deal, but I wish the flavor was better for a 10$ drink. I'll have to come back to try the food, but I don't know that this would be a drinking spot for me.
5	Came twice in one week and got the pretzels with cheese dip both times. Both groups I came with enjoyed their food! Try it!
3	3.5 stars Culinary Dropout is similar to me in that it has an Identity Crisis. It is located in a Mall, has hipster servers, luxe/goth furnishing, sports playing on TV and pop music. So what are you? Was excited to try this place because I had heard so many good things, but the food ended up being only okay. I had the turkey pastrami sandwich and an Arnold Palmer. Maybe I'm being a little snobby, but it is still hard for me to get over that it is located in a mall. My other half got the paper bag beer which is $2 and was probably the best part. He was positive it was a Mexican beer, but it was from the good old Wisconsin (Hamms), so much for his Mexican roots. I guess they do this with shots too for $6. I do want to come back to try some of the drinks. They have a large drink menu and they all looked super yummy. If you are daring try Yesterday's Soup. I'm sure it is still fresh. :)
4	Great food! Great atmosphere! Went on a Saturday... The live music was a tad loud for my taste but I had a good time here with friends. Hands down, get the pretzels with cheese fondue. Delicious appetizer!!! I got the bbq bacon burger. I've had many bbq bacon burgers in my time and this surpassed them all. It was massive! And where a regular burger has a piece or two of bacon, this was stacked! Very flavorful. My only complaint is I got my water refilled once the whole time I was there... I had to steal my hubby's water. Otherwise would have had 5 stars! I'll definitely come back sometime.
5	Food is very good! Atmosphere is trendy and the patio is casual!Really liked this place
4	Great ambiance, trendy, a lot of variety on the menu for people with different likes. Service is good. Outdoor seating is cute and they play good music, like how the bar is inside and outside. Loved the meatloaf - though I wouldn't put the sauce on top. The kale and sweet potato salad was delicious! Recommend those two.  Pretzels with fondue also good. Didn't get a drink but the drink menu looked good.
5	I love this place. Great happy hour and the staff is awesome. I generally sit at the bar and challenge the bartender to the guess that brown bag special game. The ramen is decent but if you really want something hearty, get the meatloaf. You will not be disappointed. Live bands on the weekend make the place a fun atmosphere to bring along some friends.
5	I am a fan of True Foods and wish we had more Sam Fox restaurants in Houston. I had the kale, sweet potato salad and am now trying to replicate the recipe on my own because it was delicious! The patio was nice and the decor is great here.
3	CA native; this place was recommended to me. Great pretzel appetizer with Queso dip. The Mac Burger was juicy and filling. The Kale and Sweet Potato salad was excellent.  All my favorite ingredients were in this dish. The portion size was plentiful and the price was reasonable.
5	delicious
4	Been here multiple times. I have tried almost everything on their menu and my absolute favorite item is the mussels. Absolutely divine broth to dip the large crustini in. I also like their roasted beets, cured meats and other antipasto plates. Everything else is soso. Would recommend to try at least once.
5	Love this place!!! Never disappoints. Beautiful atmosphere and delicious food!The pretzel fondue appetizer is the best ever!!!
5	Best restaurant in AZ! A must stop on our family trips. Lovely ambience, great drinks, and amazing food. Highly recommend the pretzel and cheese fondue, friend chicken entree, meatloaf entree, Moscow mules, and the cocktail called "Room Service"- all extremely delicious!
5	Such a great spot, my third time to visit and I'm never disappointed! The staff are all very friendly, especially Evan. My friend and I stopped in for lunch before leaving to go back to DFW. Sometime between lunch and our cab, my friend lost her jacket. We called CD to see if it had been left, when we were told no, Evan offered to run up and down the street looking for where she may have dropped it. He did not find it, but the fact that he took time from his busy lunch crowd was impressive. Thank you Evan and all the CD staff for your help!
2	Came here on a Friday for lunch.  In their defense, I was dumb enough to order their Shrimp and Pork Belly ramen as did another friend of mine.  Not surprisingly, the ramen was horrible.  The waitress did tell us it was very good when we asked her, but it should have been obvious to us that the restaurant/bar didn't look like a "ramen" type of spot.  My review is based on my one and only experience there and what I ate.  My other friends had their pork belly toast and said it was very delicious. If there is a next time, I would definitely stick with something safer (e.g. Burger).
1	We went for the food, but were sadly disappointed. The black mussels lacked flavor even with the sausage in play in the broth. The BBQ ribs were stringy and tasted like... well, the embarassing reality is that Chili's ribs blow them away. They were wet and mushy and stringy. The steak was not a ribeye steak at all as described. Instead, it was sliced into medallions and served over what was supposed to be blue cheese sauce but was more like weak runny ranch. The meat was "watery" and without flavor as if it had been frozen, possibly more than once! Waste of money. Good service though. We enjoyed our bottle of wine and crossed that one off the list. This is a bar, not a restaurant.
5	Christmas Eve dinner out with family and friends. Evan, our server, had intimate knowledge of the menu and happily greeted us and made suggestions. The food (salmon, burgers, appetizers, Korean rib eye) were all cooked as we specified and were excellent. Changing up the combos a bit/different vegetables, etc. was no problem. Specialty cocktails (I loved the Room Service) were great as was the beer. The place has a hip vibe and there is plenty of room to roam, noise level moderate so you can visit. We are retirees who enjoy all age groups, and this restaurant is good for all. Ages of our party: 30-75. We live in Old Town but would happily make the short trek to Fashion Mall area to eat here again. Well done Culinary Dropout!
2	I have been to this location a few times and haven't been super impressed, but my most recent visit was by far the worst. There was a wait which I didn't mind seeing as it was a Saturday night in Scottsdale. After we out our names on the list my boyfriend went to the bar to get drinks. The bartender didn't say more than 2 words to my boyfriend and just stared at him as if he was wasting his time. My boyfriend asked the guy what they had on tap and the rude reply given was "beer" as the bartender walked away. After throwing a menu at my boyfriend he stood there not saying a word. We ordered drinks and my boyfriend asked how much he owed and the rude bartender said "'more than 5 less than ten, but I'll print you a receipt since you can't seem to figure it out". We paid and walked away. It was by far the rudest behavior I have ever had from a bartender.  Our server was ok, but the wait was not worth the first impression of the night and the mediocre food.
4	Culinary dropout has good flavors, but the wait for both a table and the food once ordered was overwhelmingly long. The decor is inviting and modern, despite its very low lighting. For appetizers we ordered the black mussels and burrata. The burrata was a bit stringy in texture, a little more than I would have liked, but the cider flavor really shined and complemented the green apple slices. The black mussels were nice, but the broth was the star, with an extremely rich and tasty flavor.For entrees I ordered the korean ribeye cap, and was able to sample my family's orders. The over arching theme of the food was great flavors that were very interesting and tasty, but a little too much salt / seasoning for my liking. The korean ribeye was a good modern twist on an Asian style dish, but a bit cloyingly spicy. The bistro steak was nice, but again a little too salty. Both were a nice medium rare as ordered. The beer battered cod was nice and crispy, and the pork belly from the ramen was extremely tender.The desserts we sampled were the monkey bread (baked fresh in house) and the black-bottom pie. Unfortunately the wait for the dessert took more like 20 minutes than the advertised 12 for the fresh monkey bread, but I'm leaning towards saying that the wait was well worth it. Both had great flavors and were not overly sweet. The graham cracker bottom of the chocolate pie was a nice touch to counter the caramel topping and fluffy chocolate filling. The vanilla ice cream nicely cut the initial sweetness of the monkey bread, marrying well with the cinnamon and warm bread pieces. Overall, the waiters were very nice and the experience in general was nice.
5	Culinary genius . Atmosphere was buzzy but I had a slight suspicion that it was for the food and it sure was. I found out this man that owns this restaurant has an empire of them . The reason being the food is simply done they way a hearty chief with soul Intended.  It's amazing the salad ouef and then the double cheeseburger , have u wonder what a macdonalds cheeseburger would taste like if the ingredients were real and fresh? Fresh? Fluffy? - we'll this is the winner, I was moaning amazballs. Yyyyyyuuuuuummmmmiiiii
3	My meal was wonderful but my daughters not so much the chicken was over cooked but the did try to replace, it just took to long so we declined and they made an adjustment to the bill.  I had talked the chicken up so it was disappointing to have it happen on there first visit!!
4	SOO GOOD!! This food is amazing. We ordered the truffle chips and they were perfect.  We actually ordered a side salad with chicken and it was HUGE! Veggies were fresh and chicken was perfectly cooked.  Our waitress was a doll.  Ok, now don't get scared-- I found a little hair in my chicken. I was totally grossed out and gave my salad back.  My sister got the same one and found nothing and it was totally fine. The waitress who was so kind and friendly brought me back a brand new salad with chicken and I finished the entire thing and it was lovely.  The ambiance was super cool and trendy we ate outside in December. They had heaters outside, which was nice.  TVs and live music, cushioned seats outside.
4	It's like they took a club and made it into a restaurant! Their drinks are amazing, I got the bacon bloody mary to start my day off and the pretzel cheese fondue as an appetizer. Me and my friends all love this place and come here quite often. Also their martini's are amazing as well and it seems like the owners of this restaurant really thought out their drinks menu.
4	Best fried chicken I have had. The fried crust was so delicate and flavorful while the chicken was super juicy... Drizzled with some honey made it that much better.  And the biscuit that was served with it was top notch !!!! My kids had fish and chips that were great !!  My wife really liked her ramen soup and she is quite the ramen aficionado.  I was told that the turkey Rueben is amazing and can't wait to go back to order it ( although the ribs being suvied  and prepped for 36 hrs will be hard not to order ).. Oh yeah definitely get the pretzel nuggets as an app!
4	We wandered in on a Sunday afternoon with no reservation and were able to sit at the bar, which I like to do anyway. Had a great homemade Bloody Mary to start the day off right. For lunch my husband had an incredible Wild Mushroom Soup and the special homemade Gnocchi with Fresh Herb and Cream Sauce. I tasted both and they were just wonderful. For me, I was feeling a little traditional and ordered the Cheeseburger with Frites. I have to say that it was probably one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life - it was far from plain. The meat was cooked perfectly and the freshest quality. The soft bun was made on premises and the frites were hand cut, cooked crispy with a seasoned salt on them. I had a nice glass of Bass Ale - it was the perfect Sunday lunch and just completely hit the spot. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. Next time I am in NY in the Flatiron/Union Square area I am definitely going back for dinner - where reservations are a must.
4	They've got the best Culinary Dropout pot pie in all of lower Manhattan. Bit cramped for fine dining, but it's the pub atmosphere we all come to enjoy. On summer evenings, you can bring your drinks and sit outside by the sidewalk while keeping an eye on your bike parked on the streetside.
4	Let's get the cons out of the way:  I know it's Phoenix, but winter nights get cold. You would figure they would invest in a few stand heaters for the game area. It was so cold last night that they sent the staff in the game area home. Which sucks because that's where our birthday party was. The fire pit/couch areas are taken. All the time. I can't even imagine what time you have to get there to snag one. The wait to get a table...there aren't words. People were in line forever, and it was bitter cold, since (you guessed it) no heaters out front either.And now for the great stuff:The pretzel balls (it's like 4 bites per ball!) and cheese fondue were delicious. Unfortunately the outside temperature meant the fondue was pretty solid in 10 minutes. Still, great flavor.The fried chicken was insane. Crunchy, delicious perfection in every bite with just a kiss of honey to top it off. The potatoes were great and so was the biscuit. Only downside was that my whole plate was cold about 2-3 bites in. Still, absolutely great.I had the Sauvignon Blanc since I didn't have a drink menu, but the people who ordered beer seemed happy with it. In short, if you can figure out the "off" nights so you can get inside quickly for a table, or if you know how to get a fire pit table this place is amazing.
