4	This race is a pretty descent quirky small race. Now it is not trying to be quirky, but it most definately is and my realization of this started at the expo....ExpoDescent bag fillers, pace band guy asks me if I am being paced. I say yes. He asks the pace. I say 3:30. "That's fast."How am I supposed to respond to this? Then an Irish lady promoting some shamrock race asks me if I am irish. I say yes and she says, "Well, you don't look it..." Why ask lady? Not running your irish race, and not just because it's the same day as tour de cure... Then the check out lady says "Half?" ready to give me a piece of paper. Full. "Oh ok." and she hands me a piece of paper for the relay...I am a real marathoner!Pace GroupLast minute sub guy comes and tells us the whole time how much marathons hurt, he won't do them anymore, the GPS won't work so his times are all off, he doesn't know how to run 8 min miles....I think I was about to kill him.Switch time with round 2 pacer. This guy does not say a word...until at his mile 4 to go to the bathroom and to hold his sign! We just ran 17 miles straight without peeing, really buddy? Ran a mile without him! Felt good so went ahead without the group (now lone pace man) with a buddy. Hurt tendon at 22 and he took off, I get progressively slower and start to curse the slow half marathoners in my path (a large group even overwhelmed a water station at 24). Something must be done about the slow halfers. Running hard with pain can make me evil and I was getting super jealous/irritated at a lot of them who also saw me as an inconvenience interupting what exactly I am not sure...pretty sure they just wanted to finish. At mile 25 pace man comes to the rescue! He helps me finish with the Boston Qualifying 3:30 then I hug him and probably scar him for life...or at least a couple minutes.AwardsDidn't stay for them, pretty sure just certificates and I had finals the next day!Final ImpressionsLoved the race! Happy it went on despite rain. Boring course to some but I enjoyed it minus the small out and back part. Liked the price. The start is a new location with real bathrooms! Great aid and cute fans. Flat and Boston Qualifier!
5	After running my first half marathon in 13 years, I was ready to run a local race. I really didn't want to be part of a huge running affair so thought that this would be an ideal race. Pick up of Bib and goodie bag at Expo was easy.Start of Race was basic and simple. Scenic route until I hit Camelback Road. I thought I would never get off of that road. Worse part of this race were Mother Nature's elements: Rain, Cold, Wind, & a bit of Hail...all part of a runner's world, eh? By Mile 11, I was over it and just wanted to cross the finish line. Loved the atmosphere at Westgate City Center as I ran for the Finish Line. Spectators were incredible. Congrats to IMS, the race directors, sponsors, volunteers, and everyone else that was involved. I look forward to next year's race. Cheers***
5	While I did not run in this event... (officially) I was happy as a clam and just as wet (IT RAINED) to show up and support all the amazing runners. And though I'm not really ready for my first Half Marathon just yet... I did manage to run a little towards the end...  I HAVE WITNESSES!Maybe soon I will enter...   But Congratulations to all the runners!
2	I ran the relay.  Some volunteers were very helpful while others didn't have the information being asked.Some volunteers at the 2nd exchange area had NO clue from which directions the runners were coming.No information provided that you had to "check-in" with a volunteer at the belt exchange.This is a decent small marathon without all the hype however, not sure I would participate again.Boring course.One member of my relay team was stopped at an intersection for traffic.  None of my other team mates was stopped - all officers gave the runners the right of way.No information on how to access photos taken before/during/after the race.Great day with friends though!
3	Another half marathon, another update. I set a Half Mary PR at this year last year so of course I intended to run this race again this year. They changed the route for the half mary. I didn't mind the route because running for miles and miles on Camelback road felt as though one would never make it near the stadium - much like the moon - so close and yet so far! Anyway, the route made me feel as though I were running out on the country roads of Midwest America. Last year, my Partner dropped me off at the Start line. This year, I had to be up 4am so that I could drive to Westgate Mall and take a bus to be shuttled to the Start. Ugh. Race wasn't till 7:30am yet I had to wait almost an hour and a half before race began. We had to take a shuttle before a certain time or we were out of luck. I'd have to think twice about running this one again. Friends and those in our running group will certainly talk me into this one again. I must admit that I loved the bling bling - the medal looks great! :P
