4	Walk in... and just smell the authentic Mexican spices permeate the air.We ordered the flautas and the fish tacos... both well seasoned and nicely cooked.Their guacamole is very very creamy and reasonably tasty.  I like chunky guacamole, but I know others that really like creamy, so if you like creamy guacamole, this is good.The tacos had a nice spice to them with a lot of cilantro (which I absolutely love) so these definitely beat chain restaurants.They were fast and nice.Horchata is awesome and they offer other Mexican soda's as well, like Jarritos.We had a large horchata, two fish tacos, and 6 flautas for less than $12.Definitely worth it.
4	Great food. Great Chorizo. Was on my way in when I noticed they were closing and decided to go somewhere else. They were kind enough to still have me come in even though they had already cleaned the grill for closing. Not a complaint and the food was amazing as always.
4	My husband and I had our first visit to this place yesterday. Both of us were slightly hungover and needed a pick-me-up fast. The restaurant is just a few blocks from my house and I had driven by curiously a dozen times. I was surprised they were open on Sundays (only til 3 though). It's the kind of place where you order at the counter and they bring you your food. i ordered the 2 soft taco combination with carne asada. My husband had 3 soft tacos, 2 with carne asada and 1 with chicken. The carne asada was well seasoned and not greasy at all. They cook the meat when you order it so you know it's fresh. My husband's chicken taco was the best! The chicken was tender and succulent. The rice and beans were both very good as well, not at all greasy. I loved the salsa bar. They had a pico de gallo, a red sauce, 2 different types of green chile sauces, jalapenos, both pickled and fresh, and pickled carrots and onions. That reminds me of the Mexican places in San Diego. I have yet to try their burritos or fish tacos. That will be for my next trip!
5	FINALLY! Found some tacos worthy of my time. They offer regular size as well as the mini "street tacos" size. Prices are really cheap and everyone loved what they got. This has become my destination for tacos.
4	Fresh from the 808 I was in search of some quality and cheap mexican food. And Zef's fit the bill. I had the shredded beef sope for $2.50, yum! And two orders of rolled tacos, chicken and beef, $4.75 each order. I liked the beef better, the chicken was a bit salty and had this strange after taste. My husband had the carnitas burrito $4.75 which he devoured. I personally like my guacamole on the chunky side, but yes theirs is the creamy variety.They were quick, they were yummy and they were very convenient to the house. Yup, next time I'm in Surprise visiting the in-laws, this will be my steady freddy mexican fix. Pros:-Cheap -Yummy-Quick & ConvenientCons:-Rolled chicked tacos had a strange after taste to them.
4	I'd say what distinguished this taco shop from others that have a comparable menu are the little touches. They have a little sauce bar with about 3 or 4 types of sauces (my fav is the tomatillo sauce, so tasty!) with little to go containers AND lots of lime slices. People just don't seem to get the importance a fresh squeezed lemon or lime on a taco, BUT THIS PLACE GETS IT :) YAY! The flautas come with guacamole AND fresh Mexican cheese sprinkled on top, not mozzarella. Prices are very reasonable. I ordered 2 small carne asada tacos, 1 order of flautas & 2 large horchatas (rice drink) & it came out under $10. The location is small, but it's nice, casual & clean. They have a TV that was on a sports channel & guessing by the big Cardinal plaque in the middle of the room, they are probably cardinal fans :)
4	I love little Mexican Restuarants like these. Seems to be family owned, and very clean! The food is awesome, large portions, and authentic. The menu has a decent variety; it's more of a "to-go" establishment as it is very small. The food rocks, nonetheless and prices are perfecto.We don't have very many restuarants like this in Surprise, so this is my little gem. They close pretty early, so if you're craving a late night Mexican dinner, hang on til lunchtime the following day. Thumbs up =)
