4	I have no idea how this place hasn't been reviewed on here yet. It's very "yelp"....feeling like it was plucked off a street in Seattle or San Francisco. The front consists of a large amount of glass so the natural sunlight and slick track lighting light up the big open warehouse style space. Lots of aluminum accents and polished concrete give this a very clean, modern feel. On the right of you are the different counters where you order sushi, sandwiches or  fresh fish from the market. There is also a counter that you pay at after you eat (it's all on the honor system). The music is at a good volume on a great sound system with some good bass. Very chill deep house and loungey drum and bass fill the room. A nice sophisticated touch.In the middle is a narrow strip of tables running about half the length of the building. This place gets CROWDED during the lunch hours so make sure you come early, late, or don't mind battling for space to eat. Now onto the food. This is the freshest sushi I've had in Pittsburgh so far (haven't made it to Umi yet), and still up there with stuff you'd find in a coastal city. Makes sense, because you can literally see them cleaning and prepping all of their fish at the next counter down . Everything literally melts in your mouth. Nothing is dry, chewy or fishy, even with salmon. It's great. They also get a little creative with their sushi dishes, usually having something different each day. My personal favorite is the Spicy Senorita Roll, with Yellowtail, Jalapenos and Cilantro. Awesome! Make sure you check out the combos and larger plates they have if you have more than one person.I haven't honestly tried anything else other than the fresh soups (they usually have about 4 daily, and they're all incredible). The sandwiches look great though, so I can't wait to try them. The crabcakes are gigantic - those are first on my list.So if you're like me and have been looking for a fast-casual style sushi counter/fish market in Pittsburgh, this is your place. The only improvement I could see here would be more seating....maybe a rooftop deck would be a good idea.
5	This is not only a restaurant, but also the best place to buy fresh fish in Pittsburgh.  Skip Wholey's, skip Benkovitz's.  This place doesn't necessarily have all the different SPECIES of fish that the other markets do, but what it does have is impeccably fresh, beautiful fish (and molluscs, and cephalopods).  The fishmongers are incredibly knowledgeable about what they've got on the ice, and they're totally happy to answer any questions.  (Plus, if you have the fish filleted, they will not give you a strange look when you ask for the head and bones so you can make stock.)  You're buying the same fish that they're making sushi out of, so you know it's good.My boss gets the sushi platter from here all the time, for parties and stuff.  It's delicious as well.  Not totally grandiose in its ambition and covered in weird sauces, like the overrated Nakama -- just that lovely fresh fish and rice.
4	Kat and Aaron did such a good job describing this place I don't know that I have too much to add.  I had lunch here today and even dealt with the craziness of the strip on a Saturday because I wanted to try a new sushi place.  The atmosphere is very "yelpy",,, new word let's all start using it.  I'll defer to Aaron's review for good detail on the space itself.  I walk up to the counter and order the sashimi lunch and also a couple fish tacos.  I placed my order and took a seat.  I'm guessing this place would be okay if you byob for a saturday lunch beer, but I didn't try it.  The fish tacos come out first and they have a great slaw with them and a delicious spicy sour cream type dip to put on the tacos.  The fish is grilled and not fried.  I actually prefer the fish to be lightly fried a la San Diego style.  The taco is piled high with cabbage, cilantro and salsa.  It looks great.  I bite into the taco and sadly the fish is meh'.  It's a mix of overcooked less than fresh tasting salmon and tuna I'd guess.  I'm a bit surprised and a little disappointed.  Then the sashimi arrives.  It's a big lunch portion with a really good variety of beautiful fish.  There are three nice sized pieces of tuna, salmon, octopus, yellowtail and I think something else.  It's cut perfectly and is melt in your mouth delicious.  The wasabi and ginger are also spot on.  This is the best quality sushi I've had outside of UMI in pittsburgh and it's a hell of a lot less.  It was only $9.50 for this large portion of beautiful fish.  Just as a point of comparison I was at umi the other day and got maybe a tablespoon serving worth of fatty tuna for almost $20.  I will frequent here often for this good deal.  I'll chalk up the fish tacos to my fault for coming after the lunch rush when the fish had time to overheat.  The only other thing is that I'm not sure about the tip situation.  I mean the girl brought me my food, but that was about it.  I placed order at the counter and grabbed my own drink etc,,.  I noticed most didn't leave anything I left about 10 - 15%.  Go for a cheap great quality sashimi lunch you won't be disappointed.
5	The other reviews are great but none of them mentioned the fantastic deal of Fish Taco Tuesdays.  $8.99 will get you all you can eat!  Now I'm a CA native and know a great fish taco.  This is no delicious sitting-on-the-beach San Diego fish taco - but it's pretty fantastic as its own incarnation of a fish taco.  Kind of how Orange Chicken is not authentic but still pretty delicious sometimes?  The spicy crema that comes with each platter of tacos is delicious!  The fish is grilled (usually salmon or mahi-mahi - check out what they have on ice - that's what you're gonna get) and the taco shells are hard and corn - just come prepared for that and you will be happy.  Very happy.  I've been here with boys that have eaten 15 or more tacos - making it a SUPER bargain but I usually have about 7.  You order as many as you like at a time.  Also at the end you pay at the register and I usually throw $3-4 into the tall tip vase.  Everyone there is really nice and the fishmongers will spend lots of time helping you with the fish.  They'll also give you a lot of ice to transport your fishy treasures home.  Is it Tuesday yet?
5	This is the best sushi I've had in Pittsburgh yet.  Of course, a month before we move back to Chicago, we find a great Pittsburgh Sushi place. The inside is a pretty spacious, with about 15-20 tables, and a deli-style fish market area on the right that goes all the way back into the deep, narrow room.  It reminds you of Wholey's, but it's not that crowded, cramped feeling.  As you can see from the other reviews, they'll sell you a meal, or they'll just sell you fish - which is really cool. The missus and I got two maki rolls to start: the dragon and the flower roll.  The flower was my wife's favorite (tuna, spicy shrimp, avacado, cucumber & caviar).  I liked the dragon roll because it had some crunch to it.  It's basically the california roll with some fried eel. And just for fun, try the "China Cola" from the drink freezer.  It's like coke, but with a ginger-ale sort of taste to it.  Good stuff. I think this place deserves five stars for a few big reasons:1.) Great sushi2.) Great atmosphere3.) A great story: this place was started by a Robert Morris grad and her friend. It's so nice to see a place like this that could be in Seattle or San Francisco, but doing well in Pittsburgh.  Good for them. Definitely worth a visit if you're visiting town, or a local.
4	It's a fish market with a restaurant in front.  Nothing fancy, but the casual vibe complements the flavors of the fresh seafood.  My fish tacos fell apart in my hands as I was eating them, and the juice dribbled down my chin, but I didn't really mind.Kudos for selling wild-caught American shrimp.
5	i've been living in pittsburgh now for almost a week and have had dinner out a few times.  and sadly, i haven't been terribly impressed with the food scene thus far.  so i head over to yelp to see what gets good reviews and stumble across penn ave fish co.  **disclosure**  after living in miami for the past 9 years and living in various other cities on the east coast before that, i was troubled by the idea of fish in pittsburgh.  there should be a term for this... coastal fish elitist?  so, i have to admit that i was a bit reluctant to try penn ave fish company.  but man, oh man i'm soooo glad we went.  we've even been back twice already. once for sushi and crabcake sliders.  the sushi was ridiculously fresh and crabcake sliders on pretzel buns were to die for.  on trip #2... the grilled tuna club was a seriously scrumptious sandwich, uber fresh and a healthy size.penn ave fish has been the highlight of our eating excursions so far.  even if you're a visiting 'coastal fish elitist', give it a go... i would be shocked if you're disappointed.
5	Decent sushi is so hard to come by in Pittsburgh.  I guess that's what makes Penn Ave Fish Company just that much better!Before we ordered, we headed to the back of the restaurant to check out their fresh fish for sale.  They had a good assortment of fresh fishes, and shellfish as well as the most beautiful scallops I've seen in a while (but ran around $23 a pound... =/)I ended up ordering sashimi lunch platter and a scallop pizza to split.  The sashimi platter came with three pieces of salmon, four pieces of tuna, five pieces of fluke, three pieces of octopus and two pieces of crab.  The fish was some of the freshest fish I've had in Pittsburgh.  The crab was forgettable, but all the other pieces were absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicious.Originally I was going to just get the sashimi platter and my companion was going to just have a maki combination, but we saw that lots of people were eating the scallop pizza so we decided to get one too!  The pizza was like a "white pizza" and came topped with sliced scallops, cheese, tomatoes as well as some rosemary.  The scallops were super tasty and brought an otherwise mediocre pizza to a whole new level.I really like how the staff is really cheerful as well as the incredible prices!  My sashimi platter with 15 pieces of sashimi (and two pieces of crab) was just under $10, my friend's maki combination was under $7, and the scallop pizza was also just under $10.  It was definitely more than enough to fill me up.
4	First off Love the Strip and have been wanting to try this place for quite a while and am glad i finally did.  I started off with the halibut and shrimp chowder ( with a clear broth) and it was the perfect  accompaniment for this chilly day.   Plenty of shrimp and halibut along with heaping spoonfuls of zucchini and other vegetables.  I than ordered the $10 sushi platter,  Platter A i believe.  It came with a California roll along with a tuna, salmon, and two other fish rolls.  It wasn't the best sushi Ive ever had but for $10 it certainly satisfied that sushi craving that we all get.  On Wednesday they have all you can eat sushi, but unfortunately they close at 4pm.
4	We had a delicious lunch. The informal fish-market atmosphere is very pleasant.
4	We stopped in for lunch the day after Christmas and really enjoyed the experience.  It's a bit confusing at first, because there's a counter in the front where you order prepared food, but you don't pay when you order: you tell them what you want, they tell you to help yourself to soup and drinks, and then when you're finished you go to the register and settle up.  Not a bad system, once you understand it.We only tried the sushi and were blown away.  We had the yummy roll (spicy California roll topped with tuna, salmon and yellowtail, $8.99 for 8 pieces) and the rocking roll (smoked eel, salmon, avocado, cucumber, tobiko, cream cheese and eel sauce, $7.99 for 5 pieces).  Both rolls kicked serious butt.  I always hate when reviews of sushi restaurants say "the fish was fresh," because unless it has off flavors, I'm not sure I would really know the difference.  But this fish tasted awesome.  It was also cut beautifully and served at a nice temperature, neither warm and slimy nor too cold to taste properly.  We narrowly avoided fighting over the fifth piece of rocking roll.  A Reed's ginger ale set off the flavors nicely.I'm looking forward to going back and trying some of the non-sushi menu items.  They have an entire chalkboard full of different fish sandwiches, which is basically my idea of heaven.  I only wish they were open later so I could get food there on weekdays too.
5	This place is my favorite lunch place in the Strip (and arguably the city).  There are SO many awesome options: sushi, pizza, sandwiches, tacos,...everything that I've tried has been delicious.  It does tend to get crowded, especially during the week.  I also REALLY wish they were open on Sundays and nights (though am very excited they are open nights during lent).
5	You know how at Disney attractions, you can have meals with the characters all around you? Here at PAFC, you can do just that, and Nemo and Flounder are right by your side, freshly packed in ice. Morbid humor, swing and a miss...I ended up here for sushi because Chaya is not open for lunch. I figured I would skip the steakhouse/sushi combo places and the sketch 2-3 star random sushi places and go to where fish was a main priority. I was not let down. Luckily I went on all you can eat Wednesdays, which actually is not all you can eat. It's three rounds of ordering and your plate needs to be clean before ordering the next round. This sounds like false advertising at first, but if you can put down three rounds of this sushi and still have room for more, you have won the game of eating lots of food and perhaps might have a solid stance of complaining that it's not really all you can eat. There is a extensive "proper" sushi menu and some daily/weekly sushi specials. These ranged from nigiri and sashimi platters to special rolls. You can find much of the menu on their website. The all you can eat menu is slightly different. On each round, you can select a max of 2 nigiri pieces and a max of 2 maki or spicy rolls. The third round limits the maki rolls to 1. If you are familiar with the ordering system here, ordering sushi should be a breeze. For newcomers like myself, it's an interesting experience. You take a menu and fill out your choices for round 1 in the first column of boxes and hand this to a waitress before finding a seat. At the bottom of the menu, you write your name and a description of yourself. Feel free to be comical or descriptive or random in this description. I described myself as the only Asian person there at the time and the waitress had no problem finding me. You get your sushi, you eat, all is well. The menu comes back with the food and for round 2 and 3, you mark in the second and third column of boxes. You have to bring this up to the ordering counter; I think this gives you a nice chance to stretch your legs and stomach and see if you really need that third round. Overall, I had tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and flounder nigiri (sorry Ariel). All were fresh and served with minimal rice. I'm very glad that this place doesn't serve nigiri with huge bunches of rice like some all you can eat places do to try to get you to fill up. I also had various rolls; these might be different than what is currently listed on the website. My girlfriend fell in love with the spicy California roll. The two I can remember off the top of my head now are the Yummy and Rocking rolls; those were really good. A lot of the rolls are variations with different kinds of fish, so really you can't go wrong with any of them. Easy Strip parking and a convenient almost-corner location make this a great spot for lunch. To my surprise (but maybe not to natives of Pgh) there were a lot of business people there for lunch. Avoid the business lunch crowd (11:30 - 1) and you'll be fine. In addition to sushi, they have taco Tuesdays, soup, fish and seafood sandwiches, and fresh catches ready to purchase after your meal.
5	Soo...a little update to my review.  For awhile I was off Taco Tuesday because one day we went there and we must have gotten an off day because the fish in the tacos was greasy and weirdly wet.  So we stopped going but we went again last week and the tacos were as good as ever.  However apparently Penn Ave is getting my business TWICE a week because I am totally in love with All you can eat Sushi wednesday.  I go with Boyfriend who can eat a LOT of sushi and we are always stuffed at the end.  Contrary to info on Rich Y's review this IS all you can eat, if you finish 3 rounds you can go onto another card - but if you can do that - I bow down.  Also when you get the nigiri per round it's two pieces per type of fish you select.  So if you pick salmon and yellowtail you get four pieces and then two rolls which are six pieces each (maybe fewer for some of the bigger rolls).  Be careful with timing because the special only runs from 10 until 2 so even though the lunch crowd is insane, if you go too late you might miss out.  The only downside is that since they make each plate to order and there are only two sushi chefs and a LOT of people ordering, sometimes you can wait awhile for your food.  Last time we were there I was done with my first plate and Boyfriend's hadn't even arrived yet.  But the staff is so sweet and friendly, and the sushi is so fresh, I don't care!Ok...now is it Wednesday???
4	Nice low key place for some fresh fish on Penn Ave.  I had a yellow fin tuna which had a light teriyaki glaze sandwiched on a ciabatta bun.  Awesome.  The crab tacos were also great.  My only regret is that I didn't have any room for mussels.
5	I end up here at least once a week.  Really.  The food and staff are the best in simple and nutritious fish.  I like the simple atmosphere and casual setting.
3	Some of the best sushi I have ever had in PA !!!  Each plate is made to order !!!  JUst a little tip..... you pay up front.     BAM !
5	This place has the freshest fish in the city.  There...I said it!It's a must for sushi lovers who claim they've had the best sushi in the city but really haven't because they haven't tasted Penn Ave's sushi! You're even able to pick up fresh fish to fry, cook or grill.  Although nothing beats visiting the location to eat it up!  I come here so much that, yes, they know me by name and know what I order.  Sometimes I'll tear myself away from the sushi to try one of their other fabulous fish creations.  The shrimp and crab pizza, spicy tuna melt and energy salmon lunch are all winners for my fishy taste.  The Strip District restaurant is pretty small so be prepared to hunt for a table at lunch time.  Be warned, I have been known to hover and pounce on a table if it looks as if they're getting ready to leave.  They offer up daily sushi specials which has actually made me branch out to try something different then my old faithfuls (spicy anything really).  There's also Taco Tuesday -  2 for $4.99, 3 for $6.99 or all you can eat for $8.99.And remember, if you're ever there it's highly likely I will be too!
5	I was FINALLY able to visit this place for their all-you-can-eat sushi wednesdays.  In addition to other specials like Taco Tuesdays, they offer this special on wednesdays from 11AM-2PM (this window of time, the cashier says, is created so that the sushi chefs have time to prepare and time to clean up and leave).  Taco tuesdays, however, are all day long, 9-4.This review is for their sushi wednesdays only.I'm fully convinced that this is probably my go-to place for sushi in pittsburgh before 4PM.  It's quite unfortunate that I can't enjoy their food for dinner.My friend and I went around noon.  The cashier gave us each a form to fill out, indicating the rolls and nigiri that were available for the sushi wednesday special.  this menu is available on their website. as it also state on the website, one must be wary of their classification of AYCE. You are actually limited to 3 rounds.  First round: 2 nigiri (4 pieces total) and 2 rolls (11-12 pieces total).  First round must be finished before second round. Second round is the same, and third round is 2 nigiri and 1 roll.This was definitely one of the fresher sushi fish I have tasted in Pittsburgh.  The salmon was average to good, and the yellowtail was awesomely tender.  one major, and i mean MAJOR, downfall of the meal overall was how tightly they packed the rice for the nigiri.  It was definitely bottom-of-the-ricepot rice, which accounted for its temperature, but the sushi chef put a death grip on this thing.  When i picked it up, the whole surface of the sashimi was glued onto the rice. when i bit into the rice, it felt like I was biting into packed refrigerated rice (which, if you don't know, is VERY hard).  It was excessively dense, and sort of destroyed the nigiri for me.  I tried to eat some of the rice to "finish" my plate, but I ended up leaving some of it under an expertly placed used napkin on the place.Despite the nigiri, which was probably isolated to the work of one of the two working sushi chefs, the rolls were wrapped looser than most places, which I didn't mind at all.  I got through two rounds (they had accidentally given me round 1 and 3 first, before round 2), but by my last round, I could only finish 1/3 of my plate.  I took the fish out from my rolls, and off the rice, and I just ate the fish before leaving.At 18 dollars (19.25 with tax, i believe), for all this sushi, this is a serious steal for pittsburgh sushi.  I can't wait to go back here again for sushi and to try their fish sandwiches, another one of my favorite foods.5 stars for beating out the pittsburgh sushi places I have tried (Yokoso, Sushi Kim, Chaya, Taipei Inn (good for just rolls but pricey)) in the best balance of quantity and quality.  do see the pictures i uploaded of my round 1 and round 3 (with some fish leftover from round 2)
5	I've been to both the downtown and strip locations and both have great fresh seafood for a great price. The decor of the Penn Ave location/market is under-stated which is a very attractive quality in my book. Penn Ave is not trying to be Monterey Bay or even Mitchells for that matter and makes no qualms about it. Great place for a quiet dinner or a quick but very filling lunch. I'll definitely be picking up some of their fresh cut fish to cook at home next time I'm in the area.The only thing I would change is to get rid of the plastic utensils. Yeah it might be the norm if you're in the keys eating some conch fritters without shoes or a shirt on but honestly, with such a solid business model and inherent goals/values, using plastic forks and knives is 1) unsustainable and 2) is a disservice to the fantastic food being served.
3	Revising my review as I returned for lunch two days after my previous review. Food is still fantastic but I need to correct some things from my previous review. The decor is far from understated, in fact there is tacky fish/seafood/ocean decor haphazardly strewn on the walls but you don't come to a place like this for the decorations on the wall. I had mussels for lunch, which were great, and came with ciabatta which had a hint of butter on it. Noteworthy however was the lack of a bowl to discard my empty mussel shells in. I had mussels as an appetizer at the downtown location a few days after they opened for dinner and they didn't provide a bowl for empty shells either. I asked for one and was promptly provided one but apparently this bit of intel was not promulgated far enough to warrant a change to corporate policy. Biggest reason for my knocking a few stars off this review is the fact that the woman working the cash register and taking orders at the front spent more time on her blackberry than making eye contact with customers she was supposedly engaging with. Signing your credit card receipt? Perfect time for a few BBMs. Finalizing your sushi order? What better time than to improve on your brick breaker score. I don't expect the same level of device I get at Monterey Bay but seriously? I'd even let it slide of she was like 17, which she most definitely was not. I'll likely go back one of the next times I'm back in town because the owners seem like good people with solid values but I'll be sure to ask for a comment card next time around.
4	Checked this place out today after hearing good things on Urbanspoon and enjoyed the food immensely.I got the crab tacos and thought they were pretty good. The crab was kind of underwhelmed with everything else but the cabbage was crisp and flavorful and the tomatoes had this deep red color to them and tasted really good (I usually don't like tomatoes). The srircha sauce that it advertised was actually a mixture of the sauce with sour cream. I think it went well with the tacos. I also got a bowl of clam chowder soup that was very tasty. The stock was thinner than I'm use to but still as flavorful. It was a little light on clams, though and had a lot of potato.I'm definitely bringing my mom and dad to this place the next time they come down. They both enjoy seafood, especially the way it's prepared at Penn Avenue. They also love sushi and will probably be happy to see that predominately on their menu.
5	I came here a few times for lunch while I worked in the Strip during the summer.  Every sandwich I've tried and various sushi were always excellent.  However, recently I came for lunch on a weekend and had their Sushi Special, which was spicy salmon and avocado with (i think blackened) tuna on top.  It was phenomenal.  I could really taste each ingredient and the spice was just right.  After I ate it, I said to my friends, this is the best sushi I've ever had in Pittsburgh.  It definitely beats Tamari's attempts.  The decor in the place is very casual and is half fish market.  Nonetheless, the atmosphere is quirky and feels really special in the sense that you know that it is truly a unique restaurant in Pittsburgh.  That said, the place is a necessary stop for lunch while in the Strip.
4	I visited the downtown location during lunch on a weekday and it was packed!  Me and my friends barely got a table, the food came very quickly and was pretty good.  I got the 'sneaky pete', very fresh.  My friend got a sandwhich which i don't remember the name, but which had seared scallops and was absolutely amazing... if the counter girl gives you a reccomendation you should take it!  Service was hard to come by because they were so busy, but overall we had a fantastic lunch!
3	food is solid.  have had the sneaky pete, fish tacos, tuna salad sandwich (not great, barely an upgrade from mayo and chicken of the sea), various soups, and plenty of sushi.  fish is very fresh most of the time.  i mainly eat at the newer downtown location. sushi rice is not mixed to my expectations.  maybe missing some rice vinegar or something.  regardless, it's noticeably missing something to me.  my main complaint is with the staff.  cashier women are arrogant and unprofessional.  the whole blakcberry thing is annoying, but the attitude is worse. i also believe there is some shady (ok, maybe it's fishy...) business going on with the staff.  i often use cash to buy my food.  i often do not get a receipt and the "tax" is rounded (estimate) up to the next whole dollar amount.  it's not every time, but it happens often enough.  either someone is ripping off the owners or the business is ripping off the government.  oh yeah, i get gipped a few pennies too.  i know it happens in many businesses, but that is something that bothers me.
5	So I travel to Downtown Pittsburgh monthly for business and for the past year I had the hardest time finding a quality sushi restaurant within walking distance. THIS PLACE FINALLY FULFILLED MY DESIRE! It is fast, the service is kind and efficient, and the quality is unsurpassed in all of Pittsburgh, not just Downtown.
4	Great value for the money.  I like everything about this place--from "Taco Tuesdays" (unlimited fish tacos for $8.99) to the eclectic music blasting from an old radio hanging in the bathroom.   Sometimes the service can be slow when it get's really busy during "Taco Tuesdays"), but don't let this stop you from visiting this place.  One of the few cool places in Pittsburgh.
5	Excellent food, try the copper salmon.
5	YUM YUM YUM in my TUM TUM TUM! That is definitely the phrase I use when I go to Penn Ave Fish. The smell is not overbearing like some other fish places and the atmosphere is completely different than what you are normally used to for a restaurant. For both locations the sushi is Divine and you will leave feeling ridiculously full and satisfied. You can't help but smile when eating the sushi, and the random specials of the day also make you excited to see what surprise special is next! Both locations get ridiculously busy during lunch hour so be prepared to be there for a little bit between 12-1pm. Another recommendation is the shrimp and crab pizza. (As I was typing the food my mouth started to drool a little). It is a thin crusted pizza with a bit of a kick to it. I can't rave enough about this place, and would recommend it to ANY sushi lover of Pittsburgh.
5	If you want the freshest and best Sushi in the city, Penn Ave Fish is the place to go.  The atmosphere is very casual, and you are very likely to see someone behind the counter in a shiny smock cutting up fish.  The hours are limited, but their new Downtown location may help with that problem.  I have been to 2 special dinners there at the Penn Ave location, and both were over the top.  This place has the best Sushi in town, hands down.
5	If someone told me I could only eat sandwiches from one place for the rest of my life, I would make it Penn Avenue Fish Company.  They're just astronomically delicious.  I've never been disappointed.  It's always a little hectic inside, though, which I don't like much... they could have more in the way of seating, especially comfortable, organized seating.  But I realize that's not really the point of the place.
4	Crab melt. Good. Subtle. Fresh ingredients. Getting an allergic reaction to the crab tho. Makes sense since I'm allergic to shellfish. Lol
2	Their restuarant on Forbes Ave, Downtown, bottomed out yesterday due to incredibly poor service.  I have eaten several time at the Penn Ave fish company, and they are usually the best fish house in town.  But last night, our waitress was so out of it, She came back to the table three times after we ordered to confirm our order.  Each time her confirmation was wrong.  My wife's salad came after the entre was served.  And there were fake crab legs on my deluxe sushi/shashimi platter.  What goes guys?  why the collapse of service?
5	[upgrading my review to 5 stars after last trip - incredible and interesting sushi special and a big honkin oyster on the house when I rolled over and started chatting to the dude behind the giant fish on ice]When you have a craving for fresh fish or sushi in Pittsburgh you cannot go wrong with a trip to the Penn Avenue Fish Company.  They have such an excellent menu of various fish sandwiches and sushi.  Today I went there for lunch and went for the Fish Taco Tuesday special.  The fish tacos were very good - not great like other menu items.  I am a little disappointed that I did not try something new and adventerous since this was my 4th or 5th visit there.  They need to do something a little different with the setup of this place.  Not horrible but the seating could have a better lay-out and the order/payment lines are a little chaotic.  I definitely plan on going back sometime soon.  I need to try the clam chowder and/or salmon sandwich or classic engish style fish sandwich or the sushi.  Highly recommended.
4	What an awesome place! It was super bustling. Fish taco Tuesdays are probably the best thing I've ever experienced in my life.... Swordfish, salmon and tuna??? All you can eat for $9???? I would tear this place apart every Tuesday if I didn't live 4 hours away. Sighhh. The tacos were. Amazing. Best I've ever had.I had the special another Wednesday, and I wasn't TOO impressed by the smoked salmon egg salad sandwich. The Mexican rice was pretty good, but the coleslaw and sandwich itself...mehh... for the price I paid for the amount of salmon...mehh... If I were to come to this place ONLY for fish tacos... they would get 5 stars hands down.Anyway, I love the decor--hanging seafood everywhere, pretty cool tshirts on sale... minty chocolate at the checkout counter (yum). PS I love that you get your food and eat first then pay. Pretty trippy, right????Parking...I think it's about luck...both times I've been there we got spots almost right in front. but I can't imagine parking at peak times?? (Especially because it was crappy weather both times we went...in the middle of the day)Haven't had a chance to try the sushi/sashimi yet, but will definitely do that next time I hit up Pitt or go anywhere near....!
4	After seeing Wholey's, and surveying a bunch of sushi places throughout Pittsburgh, I had given up on the prospects of good seafood in Pittsburgh. I was proven wrong.Everything on Penn Ave Fish Company's menu is awesome. The sushi is easily the best I've had in Pittsburgh and pretty much anything I've ever had here impressed me. Even if you're not a fan of the menu, the fish is undeniably fresh. I'll be back again and again!
4	I have to say this little place is pretty awesome!  While I would rather not rate the fish market until I buy some seafood to take home and cook myself, I will give my opinion on the lunch I enjoyed.  Darren and I split some raw oysters, as he said, and I concur with his assessment and have nothing new to add. I ordered the cod parmesan. This was something new to me. Fish, marinara sauce, cheese, and a bun. Wow! Who would have thought that this combination went together so well? Apparently someone did to create this concoction.  You have to not mind eating in a chilly fishy smelling place to enjoy your lunch, otherwise get it to go. The staff seems friendly and knowledgeable. I do hope to get back for more!!!!
5	The best fresh fish in Pittsburgh, they have an awesome menu that offers sushi as well as fish sandwiches. Everything is made there and cut there, they offer soy wraps with the sushi if you are gluten free. They help a lot with the gluten allergy, this place is always busy on the weekdays for lunch! Tuesdays are packed, it is all you can eat fish tacos ( salmon, tuna and yellow tail) I take people from our corporate office here and they have all loved it, I have not met anyone who has been there and had a bad experience. Parking can be a pain, but somehow I always manage to find a spot with my big truck.
4	Been here a few times and it's come to be our go-to for anything sushi related.  It's convenient because you can order food off of the menu, buy fresh fish, and it's located in the Strip, so you can hit up several other places at the same time.I've come here for lunch and bought sushi-grade fish for eating at home.  Both times the food was good and the fish was delicious.
4	I've heard so many positive reviews about the sushi from this place so I have been eager to try it myself.  I went here for lunch with a friend and we ordered the following:Flower RollPretty Girl RollSpicy Senorita RollI felt like this was enough food for the two of us.  I was content without being sick to my stomach full.  I enjoyed all the rolls - they were fantastic.  But I'd have to say that I was partial to the pretty girl roll and the spicy senorita roll.  But I would probably order all three again.  This was really great sushi - fresh and tasty.  I didn't give this place 5 stars only b/c of the hours.  It's really inconvenient if you work and don't work close to the Strip.  The only reason I was able to experience the deliciousness was b/c my friend was kind enough to pick me up and take me there.  I know they are open on Saturdays so it's an option, but it would be awesome if this place was open for dinner!  I'd like to go back, but it'll take some planning.
4	I've heard peeps rave and rave about this place and so I've always wondered about Penn Avenue Fish Company. I had the opportunity to come here for lunch the other day and it is a seafood lover's heaven which is where I just want to be.Everything looked really good though was able to stick my guns and order sushi with a friend. The sushi rolls were delicious and fresh - some 'classic' special rolls while others were a bit different. The sushi just melted in my mouth.While I was stuffing my mouth with glorious sushi, I saw others who had ordered sandwiches, soups and fish plates which looked really wonderful too so I will be back to try. Pleased to hear they are opened for dinner!However I do have to say the layout is confusing and was unaware that you had to pay after you finished eating (I tried to pay after ordering...newb!).
5	The is some of the best fish I've ever had! The shop itself is super cool to be in as well!
5	Great place! i am not a fish eater but love everything on the menu here. They do a fantastic job.staff is great and friendly.
4	Fresh fish, fresh n healthy preparations, good variety of seafood from sushi, to sandwiches to salads, all pretty good. We love to go there wish parking was a lil better and they were open later.
5	Five stars because I wanted to order literally everything on the menu.  There wasn't one thing I wouldn't have eaten.Since it was lunch, I stuck with a P.A.F.C. salad topped with salmon, and, because I just couldn't resist it--a cup of Boston clam chowder.  DELICIOUS, and so cool--they have all kinds of nautical art on the walls and hanging from the ceiling.  The menu is written/decorated on a chalk board, and you pay at the register when you're done eating.I can't wait to go back and try everything.  I'm looking forward to sushi here...but seriously, I will try everything. Muahaha.
5	I grew up on Cape Cod. I am a fish snob. If it isn't ridiculously fresh, I'm disappointed.Penn Ave is the real deal. Got the lunch sushi special. Delicious. We sat near the soup bar, and it all looked good I had to try it. Had the watermelon gazpacho - amazing. Was still hungry, so I also got some seafood chowder/bisque that was equally delicious.I didn't want to leave, but I was full, and I had places to go. If you're into fish and you're in Pittsburgh, go here. You won't be disappointed.
5	Coming from NYC and being a seafood lover, this place is the real deal.Actually had one of the best fish wraps I've ever had. The cod is lightly battered, moist, and flaky. I was delighted to see that sriracha was part of the sauce, but it was so sparingly used that I didn't taste it. The tartar/cream sauce used was mild, not too tangy, and delicious.Boyfriend got the mussels in tomato basil sauce, and it was amazing. It was served with toasted and buttered ciabatta, which he used to soak up the delicious sauce.We also ordered oysters on the half shell which were decent, but I've had better in NYC. They were still refreshing and did their job.So far, this is my favorite place in Pittsburgh. On top of the great food, the prices are even better!!!
5	I haven't been here for lunch, but I attended a private evening party at the restaurant.  Chef Henry Dewey knows his seafood, and is a master in the kitchen!  We sampled several seafood dishes, all cooked to perfection, with imaginative combinations of ingredients and seasonings.   Wonderful!!!
5	unbelievably fresh fish and friendly service!they always have a fresh and exciting selection of fish from which to chose and the fish mongers are always available for suggestions and preparation advice.  they usually throw fresh lemon in your bag (at no charge) when you're checking out... a nice touch! it's a great place for a quick order of sushi. seriously, i wanted to order and try everything on the menu!  don't miss the spicy yellowtail and sunshine rolls.the only downside, which kind of adds to it's charm, is it's a bit cramped and sometimes difficult to get a table during lunch hours, so take your patience or take out.
5	The Strip is cool.  Sushi is cool.  Sushi in the Strip is really cool and the Penn Ave Fish Co. knows their fish.Watch as they carve fresh fish for sale and/or your next sushi platter.  Excellent quality, great staff, highly recommend as tops for Sushi in Pittsburgh!
3	I was super pumped to check this place out as I had been having a craving for a beer battered fish sandwich and fries. I picked my boyfriend up from his place of employment and we headed over to the Strip District location.I love the feel of this place. I don't know why as the decor makes no sense lol, but I guess it makes me think/feel like I'm at one of my favorite fish shops back in Florida. I ordered the English-style cod sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the yellowfin tuna teriyaki sandwich. I must say, they gave him a mighty nice looking piece of tuna. He ordered it rare and said they cooked it pretty well.My cod was also super tasty.  The fish was nice and light and flaky, though I could have done with a heavier batter. And alas, no fries. Just a side of pasta and slaw, neither of which were to my liking. I also was not a fan of cod on the ciabatta. It's the bread they serve all of their sandwiches on, but I felt like it conflicted taste-wise too much with my cod.We did not try any sushi, but seeing as everyone says it's one of the best in town we'll probably be back to give it a shot. The locations are so convenient and overall it was not bad eats.
3	Had lunch with friend. Had sushi, which was good, but not out of the ordinary. Noisy, busy atmosphere that was funnish. Menu had interesting alternatives to sushi that are worth checking out. Will go back to do that. Worth checking out if you are in the Strip.
4	Excellent and fun place to lunch in the Strip.  Visiting from New York City, I was skeptical of a seafood restaurant in the lovely but inland city of Pittsburgh. But I was pleasantly surprised, as the place lived up to its rep.  Interesting setup too: you go up, order, they bring you the food, you pick drinks out of the fridge, and then when you're all done you go up and tell them what you had . . . kind of an honor system (which I'm not sure would work in NYC).  Anyway, the food was simple but very good.  I had a lobster bisque and a blackened snapper sandwich, both of which were excellent. My daughter had mussels with tomato basil sauce, which was also very good.  One thing I don't get is that a majority of items on the menu are served with melted cheese . . . maybe it's me but seafood + cheese: yuck. Anyway, I suppose one could ask to hold the cheese.  It's a fun place in a great neighborhood, the people are nice and the food is very good.
4	If you're shopping in the strip district, this is a great place for a tasty treat!
5	I'm not going to lie, there are few times when I actually enjoy the pungent smell of fresh fish - but this was one of them.My lovely Pittsburgh host, Miss Pittsburgh herself (Yelp CM Rachel C), led me here for fresh, amazing sushi and I had nothing short of it.There were dozens of crazy, unique, creative options with yellow fin tuna, salmon roe and more, and based on the smell.... this stuff was legit! Good thing it tasted it, too. Better than good actually.There were incredible looking fresh fish sandwiches, sushi, pizzas and more. Definitely more than I was expecting for my first impression.I've never had crab-topped sushi until today and I don't know what I was missing. Not to mention their presentation is incredible, yet so simple.I have yet to discover Prometheus juices in my home city of Columbus but good god I will after trying it for the first time here! It's a sweet n spicy juice that's absolutely delicious! Citrus Cayenne. Pomegranate black pepper. So. So. So. Good!A high-scorin' Pittsburgh institution in my opinion.
4	Great quality to price ratio, period. Do not come here for service or atmosphere. You won't get it   But fresh and good sushi you will.
1	The dude making my sushi had a dirty band-aide dangling from his finger.  We told the manager, who talked to the guy.  Our sushi was remade with the dirty band-aide still on his finger but not dangling.  Disgusting.
4	Again I ordered badly, with the crab tacos...what was I thinking? Still everyone around me and the person I was with seemed to be enjoying their food. The soup at this place is amazing and reasonably priced (3.99 per bowl) so if I go back on another rainy afternoon I will certainly eat that. We had a caramel apple cookie for dessert which was really good--not too sweet. Overall I will be coming back to this place to try and remedy my ordering mistake.  This place is BYOB.
5	I went here today for lunch (strip location) after hearing several close friends and family members rave about it.  I was not disappointed!  It's very small and casual.  You order at the counter and they bring the food to you - great for a quick, but delicious lunch.  Everything is very fresh, to the point where you can see them carving GIANT fish on the counter and shipments of new fish constantly rolling in!  (I think a server said they get shipments at least 3x a day.)I honestly wanted everything on the menu, but went with a bowl of swordfish bisque and crab cake sliders (served on a pretzel roll - sold!!)  Both were delicious and I can't wait to go back!  Someone next to us was eating sushi and I will probably have to try that ASAP.The staff was all very friendly and service was quick also.  Prices reasonable for the high quality fish served.  If you like fish, go here!
4	Friday Lent food option.  Fish or crab sammie at PennAVFish, offering good service with the best and freshest seafood available.  Some good soup options.  Just order at the counter and wait for the scrumptious sammie, grab a drink out of the cooler and if you want some soup help yourself.  Sammie came with some slaw and a bean and green pepper salad that was delish.   Sushi available, too.Took some fresh fish home for dinner.
4	Super solid sushi, I say. How's that for truth through alliteration?! The lovely Rachel C shuffled me here in just under an hour after my flight touched down in the 'Burgh. Clamoring for some food to shove into my hungry belly, I was mighty happy to spy a creative menu laden with sushi and fish delectables. After we claimed a table, we sauntered up to the counter to order the following: Flower roll, Pretty Girl roll, Spicy Senorita roll and seaweed salad. As we waited for our influx of sushi we imbibed upon the delicious yet spicy bottled capsacin citrus beverages found in the cooler. If you're looking for a kick in the throat - get yourself a bottle. Back to the sushi - super delightful! My favorite was definitely the Pretty Girl roll, and this says a lot considering I'm typically not a salmon fan. The soy paper wrapped beautifully around the large, fresh hunks of salmon and avocado. Also worth noting that the Spicy Senorita was a refreshing option added into the mix. Eating a tasty roll such as this makes me a little sad when I think of the tiny population of people who taste soap when they eat cilantro...they'll never know the goodness of a roll like the Spicy Senorita. Oh well, I guess I'll just eat their share.
4	I came here for a weekday lunch. I ordered a crab melt which came with a side of coleslaw and pasta salad for $10.99. The amount of crab in the sandwich was on the skimpy side, but the taste was on point. You can tell all of the ingredients they use are super fresh!Service was just okay. It seems as though this place gets really hectic around lunchtime...crowded around the front where you order and loud.
4	I had my first experience with sushi here and I was not let down.  I love this place for a quick bite and sushi anytime.  The only thing I will say I don't like is the crowds around lunch time.  But if you call ahead and order they will reserve a table for you and it's easier and less of a hassle...so far the best sushi I've had in Pgh
4	As other reviewers have stated, Penn Avenue Fish Company has the best fish in the city. Bearing that in mind, it is also some of the most expensive fish in the city. I go here for fish when I need something perfect or want something special or if I'm making sushi at home (never skimp for sushi.) They also have a casual order-at-the-counter lunchtime business. Once again, the prices are higher than a normal "fast food" lunch option, but the quality is top-notch. I like the fish tacos - 2 tacos make a generous lunch for me.
5	Super fresh fish! The Mrs. and I split a dozen raw oysters, a sushi platter and some pinot noir. The staff was super friendly, and patiently explained how the ordering process works. The food came right out and it was nothing short of awesome. One thing to be aware of is that this place is BYOB, so if you want some adult beverages you'll need to plan ahead. We'll definitely be back for more!
5	Sushi is AMAZEBALLS. Employees are super friendly. And you even get to watch them gut your fish. You don't find many fish places like this around anymore. I rather Penn Ave Fish Co. than Wholeys!
2	For my first visit to the Penn Avenue fish market I wasn't really that impressed but I guess since I only had Asiago Bisque, PAFC Salad, and an Avocado roll I don't really have much to go off of. Staff: They don't really smile and if they are it seems as though their talking amongst themselves. the counter girl is pretty blah zay as well. No personality at all shes more of a "tell me what you want so I can go do something else" Food: I ordered the Asiago Bisque because they had ran out of the soup I wanted. I shouldn't have gotten the soup. The soup I received with a little package of oyster crackers wasn't hot at all and well soup should be served hot not lukewarm or cold. Plus well it had no flavour. Bland bland bland. The salad was alright but seriously crumbled chips on a salad. If I want crumbled chips on my salad I could do that myself.Avocado Roll. It's avocado with rice rolled. WhateverMaybe next time Penn Avenue Fish Co.
5	Best sushi place in Pittsburgh! The fish was extremely fresh and flavorful. I highly recommend it and would be happy to return.
3	This is a staple for lunch for my office. The spicy tuna and pretty girl rolls are amazing. Highly recommend the Sneaky Pete sandwich.  Regretfully, for the first time, my office got food poisoning after our various orders of salmon sushi. Ugh
4	I rarely ever say this but, I could have used a little more food...I came here for brunch Sunday morning with my brunch club *shoutout* and ended up getting the lobster and egg burrito.  It was great!  Huge chunks of lobster in the lobster salad offset with the warm scrambled eggs made me very happy.  A little too heavy on the arugula for my taste.However, once I tasted my friends platter from the All-you-can-eat fish taco bar I had some serious buyers remorse.  So fresh from the fish to the veggies and slaw on top.  I hear great things about the sushi too.  It's next on the list.  -Order at the counter, grab a drink from the cooler and have a seat.  They bring your food to you!-Not a ton of seatingDang, seriously considering fish tacos for lunch now....
5	Best seafood in town. Can't find better crab cakes
5	Penn Avenue Fish Company: Hook, Line, and Sinker When you think of Pittsburgh cuisine, you might not think of sushi and fresh fish.  Sure, we've got three rivers, but the Mon isn't exactly the source of sushi grade tuna.  And we're not living the Japanese life where you can munch on sushi from a vending machine...hmmm.  So where can you go to quiet your craving for aquatic-dwellers?  The Penn Avenue Fish Company has your back...or your stomach.  The PAFC has two locations (the Strip District and Downtown).  We've been to both locations, but we're always drawn back to the Strip location.  Not only is the Penn Ave location where it all began, but the amount of stimuli in this place is unreal.  Not only is it packed with patrons getting their eat on (it's always jammed at lunch), but the guys and gals who run this eatery are really working! If you look to the left, you'll see the fishmongers filleting up whole fish and wrapping up various fresh orders for the at-home cooks.  In the center, is the sushi counter.  Here you can sit and watch the sushi masters create art on a plate.  Some of those rolls are almost too picturesque to eat...almost.  At the front counter, people are jockeying for their turn to check out the chalkboard menu and place their orders.  (Don't be surprised if Angela Earley, co-owner alongside Henry B. Dewey, writes your ticket herself.) This is also where you pay when you're done eating.Besides sushi, the regular menu ranges from sandwiches and tacos to pizzas and salads.  They also have daily soups and specials.  While you might have trouble deciding what you want, trust me when I tell you that everything is fresh and delicious.  No matter what you pick, your mouth will be happy. One of my favorite sandwiches to order is ...To read my full review (including pics), please go to: http://fork2mouth.blogspot.com/2013/08/penn-avenue-fish-company-hook-line-and.html
4	Extremely good and fresh sushi at a reasonable price. I must warn in advance sushi lovers that the taste is very American, i.e. you'll find fantasy rolls of many sorts. But everything's very good and fresh, really, cool place, I'll come back if I'm ever back into Pittsburgh.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this gem of a place yet. With the freshest fish in the city and the best sushi and the city, it's sure to be a place you'll find yourself back at again and again once you start.If you are the type that mingles with the staff, they'll let you know when they'll get the next 170lb yellowfin tuna in! Perfect for taking home and making your own sushi with. But if you aren't feeling so creative, you can check out their selection of sushi. I don't know if I can recommend a specific roll because they are all so good. But, if you are into hot things, try out one of their (I think it's called ) Dragon rolls - topped with one of my favs, Sriracha sauce.Not one for the raw stuff? That's fine. Try out the scallop pizza, or fish tacos. Both make me weak in the knees. Perhaps you are picky about your fish? That's fine, go on to the back and pick out the cut you want. They'll grill up anything they have for you, right there. Staff is totally knowledgable and friendly. I go twice a month and they always remember me. If you pick their brain about the fish you can get some pointers on how to cut it, how to prepare it, all kinds of stuff. Oh, and this place totally works on the honor system. You tell them what you ordered when you leave. For some it is confusing, but I find it nice to order and not worry about the check until I am ready. Great for lunch. I am telling you... you MUST check this place out. Don't bother with Wholey's, especially if you are looking for sushi meat!
4	My husband and I tried the place and we like it. The sashimi lunch is great.
5	I love the food here. The P.A.F.C. salad is probably the best salad you can get downtown. The cook on the fish is always perfect and everything is always fresh. One of the best lunch places downtown.
5	Best sushi in pgh IMO. Sunday is all you can eat fish taco bar. Always have great specials. Staff is also very attractive. Hello ladies! What more can you say!? A+
5	Simply delicious! Everything was wonderful!!! I will be back!!!
5	Delicious! Some of the best sushi I have had in Pittsburgh.  The fish was all very fresh and if your not in a sushi mood, they have great sandwiches too.  I would recommend either location to anyone in the Pittsburgh area that likes fish.
4	Fish tacos are GREAT!  Go for taco tuesday!
5	A seafood gem in pittsburgh surprisingly that is in my top 10 all time favourite seafood restaurants....it's relatively cheap around 8-15 a meal and it's not really a restaurant per say....more like you order at the counter and they bring it to you, limited seating, kind of like a seafood market where you can see all the fresh fish they have....too bad this place only opens from 9-4pm, will definitely come back to this place when I'm in town
5	Has the best nigiri that I've tasted. Get the salmon nigiri. Enjoy.
5	I've been on a quest to find really good sushi in Pittsburgh since I've been here about a year and a half and I have been pretty disappointed in the offerings in the city (after living in several coastal cities prior to this).  But now I have finally found what I was looking for in Penn Ave Fish Company!   For some reason I had the impression this was a more fancy pricey restaurant so it took me awhile to finally make it down here.  But it's more like a market style casual restaurant where you order at the counter and they bring it to your table.  You can also buy fish in their market to-go though their market selection is much smaller than Wholley's.  My friend and I shared a few sushi rolls and split the fish tacos. The fish tacos, which were a combo of swordfish, tuna and salmon, were amazing. The best I've every had.  And I've had some pretty damn good fish tacos when traveling in Southern Cali or Florida.  Then the sushi rolls were so fresh and amazing with generous portions of fish.  I saw a guy there working on butchering a very large tuna so I know their fish is some of the freshest you can get in Pittsburgh.  Also everything was so affordable and inexpensive!  I will definitely be going back here regularly.
5	I've been trying to get to Penn Ave Fish Company for Taco Tuesday for months.  Since I had Christmas Eve off, I decided to try it out with a friend.  Unfortunately, on and near major holidays they aren't able to do taco Tuesday or have a full kitchen running.  They do still have sushi, though!  Plus, they do a FIERCE business with people picking up fish.  And after eating the sushi, I would eat and purchase anything here.I believe in starting with a California Roll at every establishment.  It's my baseline for comparing sushi.  I broke my own rule a little, and I went with a spicy California roll.  It was, hands down, the best one I've ever had.  The fish was SO fresh.  I mean, SO fresh.  The spicy was perfect, and I have been craving another ever since.  Plus, there are so many other awesome options (some traditional and some unique).  My friend loved his speciality roll and demolished the whole thing. I can't wait for my next Tuesday off to try taco Tuesday!I know everyone else has already said it, but this is hands down the best sushi in PIttsburgh.  It's some of the best sushi I have ever eaten.  Get here ASAP!
5	Greatest Lunch Spot in Pittsburgh!  The staff is as friendly as the food is delicious.  Their daily specials are always fantastic.  I am constantly amazed by their great offerings every time I go in.  They have some of the best seafood soups I have ever tasted.  Anytime I have friends or family in from out of town this is the first place I bring them.  Their entire menu is great not a bad choice on it.  When in season, I highly recommend their soft shell crab sandwich.  Thank you Penn Ave Fish Company for bringing some of the best food I have ever eaten to Pittsburgh!
5	Wonderful place to get seafood for lunch! The place has a small fish market in the back and table and chairs in the front. They have a large selection of fish sandwiches and other seafood items. I chose the fish tacos with swordfish, tuna, and salmon. They were delicious! I especially liked the salmon. I also tried their sushi roll of the day. Again, very delicious and fresh. It had shrimp tempura on the inside and a grilled piece of salmon on top. Their soups are freshly made. I came at a time when their soups were almost sold out and the one they had left was the spicy seafood gumbo. It was still very delicious, flavorful, and filling. This is definitely one of my favorite spots in the StripApparently they have unlimited fish tacos for $8.99 on Tuesdays. Only found out about this after I left Pittsburgh. D:
5	Coming from Seattle, I was a bit skeptical to try fish from Pittsburgh. Sushi especially seemed ambitious for a place with far less Asians. Serious fish withdrawal prompted me to throw caution to the wind, however, and I found myself at Penn Ave. These guys know their fish. If you plan on ordering several rolls, expect to wait a bit (there is only one sushi chef - at least on Sundays). I promise you it is well worth the wait. The sushi man puts so much love and care into these. We ordered 5 rolls. All were excellent. Our favorites were the Bennie and Ron. The tempura in both added some extra crunch.I've come to the conclusion that Pittsburgh has better sushi than Seattle. This is crazy.I'm working my way to regular status at Penn Ave. You should too.
4	An interesting combination of a seafood market and a seafood restaurant. I didn't buy anything from the market side, but the fish looked great. It seemed fresh, and the display was aesthetically appealing. As for food, I ordered the Sanjaya Swordfish sandwich. I don't think the ingredients came together well as a sandwich. The swordfish was good even though it was completely cooked through. (Normally, I don't like my fish to be completely cooked through). The curry sour cream sauce was good too and would have made a nice compliment to the swordfish on its own. I don't think adding the grilled red onion, cilantro, and ciabatta was necessary. The latter three were good too individually too: the onion had a nice char, the cilantro was fresh, and the ciabatta was warm and soft. Unfortunately, I felt the latter three overwhelmed the swordfish, in turn, making it difficult to appreciate the fish.Also, I liked the macaroni shell and pepper salad which came as a side with the sandwich.I would definitely return to Penn Ave Fish but not for a sandwich. I'd probably try the fish tacos, try something from the sushi bar, or order some fish from the market side to take home.Lastly, the ambiance is worth mentioning. Penn Ave Fish feels like a last-minute effort to sell anything fish related out of a garage...which is likely their intention. You can see the entirety of the kitchen, and patrons have to walk through the kitchen on their way to the restroom. The playlist is dark and included experimental artists such as Gorillaz. The whole experience is very raw.
5	I'm sure many agree that a downside of Pittsburgh is its distance from the coast and subsequent lack of fresh seafood, but this place is the perfect remedy when I need a quick seafood fix. It has a casual vibe and extremely reasonable prices for the selection, portion size, and quality of dishes. It's the perfect weekend lunch destination and I've never been disappointed with my orders: the crab melt oozing with provolone and avocado and the all the salads I've had (scallops, swordfish) are crisp and showcase the fresh seafood flavor. Sushi is never my go-to, but theirs is not to miss and perfect to split if you're indecisive between the fish sandwiches or the sushi
5	Fish and seafood are freshly made with good ingredients. The quality of the seafood is great here.
5	I don't know why I don't come here more often when I visit from NYC! This place has expanded into the space next door so you don't ever have to worry about a wait!This time we had the crab cake sandwich which was delicious. There was more crab meat than breading which makes it a lot healthier.  The ciabatta bread was also fresh - crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. Even the cole slaw was awesome.We also had the Benny roll which was amazing.  The shrimp tempura was freshly fried and the salmon was lightly seared as I had requested. Totally rivals places in NY!
4	I love this place. Hipster fish and sushi.   Their soups are phenomenal.  Its a perfect place for lunch.  For pittsburgh being pretty far from a ocean this joint got awesome  fresh fishes all the time.
4	BYOB which is GREAT, who doesn't LOVE a place that has good food and BYOB.  First, the seafood here could not be more fresh than if you caught it yourself.  As an app., we had a sushi roll that was stellar !!!  Amazing, Amazing, Awesome Sushi.  Then we got fish tacos (swordfish, salmon, and tuna, in a hard taco shell topped with cabbage, cilantro salsa) and a Happy Jack sandwich ( smoked salmon layered with cole slaw and monterey-jack cheese) Both were really good and super fresh.  I have to say that I am a huge fan of a fish taco but I prefer Mahi Mahi or Swordfish, while this fish taco was real good,.... I can say that I have had better.  The Happy Jack sandwich was real tasty, I would order that again.  We also got 1/2 dozen raw oysters and they were AWESOME !!!!  This is a super casual place for dining in.  They do have super fresh fish/seafood to buy at great prices.The Strip location is only open for lunch right now and close at 4pm.  The wait staff is real nice and the food is pretty darn good !!! They could be a bit better at cleaning the tables and floors and, when we were there there is no wait service, you order at the counter then, they bring the food to you.  All in all, I like this place and I will be back.
5	This is my favorite lunch spot in the strip. I love good seafood and the sandwiches, pizza and sushi are fabulous. My favorites have been the crab cake sandwich and blackened tilapia sandwich. I love that the space has been expanded and it is no longer so crowded which speaks to the great food served.
5	I'm going make this review simple. I love this place. The service is a cool order at the counter and they deliver it. The staff knows there fish too. I went with another special...Wild Bill's Buffalo Salmon burger. Hot sauce, blue cheese and celery on a fresh roll with a mammoth piece of Salmon.  You get a few fresh made sides....check the picture. I bet I have eaten here 2 dozen times and never repeated a order. The sushi is great too. You have to try this place if you love fish. :)
3	I was very excited to try this place as I have walked by many times when visiting Pittsburgh and always thought this place looked good and would provide super fresh seafood.  we sat at the counter and ordered 2 sushi rolls and a fish sandwich with the upgrade of homemade mac and cheese that they recommended. I cant believe I even ate the sushi, the one roll which was a popular one that the name escapes me.  It had spicy tuna on top...it was gray in color.  I could tell by the looks as well as the taste that it was not fresh.  I asked the sushi chef about it and he said it turns that way that it was fresh.  Although I saw them mixing a new batch that was beautiful and bright in color so I know that mine was not fresh.  I left this for my husband to eat.  The shrimp tempura roll was fine. The Fried Fish sandwich was good but nothing to rave about.  The mac and cheese was not good, it tasted like kraft. This will not be on my list for a return trip but I am glad I gave it a shot!
5	Phenomenal sushi!Penn Ave Fish Company is an amazing fish market with fabulous sushi!  I would recommend this to anyone!  The sushi was fresh and great prices!
5	Food was great!  We had the pan seared calamari, the green dragon roll, the mini tacos, and the Sea Bass dinner.  All fantastic!Portions: the green dragon roll is big, the fish tacos are small, the calamari is big, and the sea bass is just right
3	This review is for the fish tacos. The freshness of the fish was drowned in the seasoning. I like my fish tacos with a single type of fish rather than a mix and larger pieces rather than chunks. the cole slaw was good.
4	Funky little place with great fish. We stopped by after touring the district and sampled their sushi. The rice was a bit overcooked, but the incredibly fresh fish and avocado more than made up for the rice. The ambiance is one of sitting in a market whilst eating sushi. So, don't expect a romantic dinner experience. The staff is very friendly and they offered me a sample of their ACME smoked salmon when I asked about it. Very tasty salmon and with a great texture.
5	This is my first time using yelp because the fish tacos I just had were that good.  I love fish tacos and have had them all across the country. The fish tacos here are the best I have had. They come with perfectly seasoned/cooked Tuna, Swordfish,  and Salmon on each taco. If you want an unbelievable fish taco in Pittsburgh then head to Penn Ave Fish Co. In addition to the great food, the atmosphere and service was great. Food came promptly after ordering. If you're not a fish taco fan, the Swordfish sandwich looked to die for.
4	I am particular about what I eat and I travel frequently which adds a layer of stress when it comes to eating well. I was more than pleasantly surprised when I had dinner at the Penn Fish company two nights ago. I had a lovely waitress who really went the extra mile to help describe the entrees and make sure I got what I wanted and not order too much food. She genuinely wanted me to be happy and was successful. Next and even more important was the food itself which was outstanding. I had the triple tail special, it was perfectly prepared and delicious. The fish was  mild tasting, moist and flaky with a crisp crust. It was fresh as could be, delicately seasoned and served over seasonal vegetables that were cooked perfectly. I did not have sushi or dessert so I can not comment on either, but I thought about my meal several times since then and wish this restaurant was in my home town. I am sorry, but I had my meal at the other location. Otherwise this review is accurate!
5	I wouldn't call myself a fan of fish tacos--that is, until I tried the ones here!  I stopped in last Sat. with some friends before heading over to the Grape Stomp at PGH winery, since this place had been highly recommended by a couple of other friends of mine who have good taste in food.  Unlike just about every other fish taco I've had, the fish in these was fresh and flavorful!  As Lauren B. mentioned, it is a combination of swordfish, tuna, and salmon, instead of the generic white fish that's included in most other fish tacos I've tried elsewhere.  The presentation of the tacos was also quite aesthetically pleasing, which was a plus.  If you're a fan of fish tacos, you have to try these!  Come by on Taco Tues. if you can for a discount.My friends ordered crab tacos and the fried English cod sandwich, and they enjoyed them very much, as well.  Both of them lived in Maine before coming to PGH, and they told me that this was the first really good seafood they'd had in the city thus far--and they've been living here for 3 years!This place is only open for lunch, and has a very casual vibe.  We sat by the large front windows, which provided a great opportunity for people watching.  In general, I'm a fan of the ambiance.  One thing that struck me as kind of weird, though, was the ordering and payment system.  Instead of paying when you order at the front counter, as at most fast casual restaurants, you pay after you've finished eating.  This was a bit confusing, and I'm not sure why they do this unless it has to do with tipping for waitservice.  I wouldn't call the waitservice standard, however, because although they bring out your food and clear your plates, you order and pay at the counter, not at the table.  Because of this, it wasn't obvious that a tip was necessary, so I didn't leave one (I didn't even think of it at the time).Overall, this is a great place, and I'd definitely recommend stopping in if you're a seafood fan next time you're strolling the Strip.  I'll definitely have to return to try the sushi, since it looked very appetizing, as well!
4	Yeah!!!!My favorite part of dining here, which I did today for the first time, was that some woman walked in and said, "It smells fishy in here, that's not good for sushi," and I turned to her and said, "There is a man filleting a giant salmon right behind you," and then she turned around and was like, "oh."I had Sushi maki combo #2, California Rolls and Avocado rolls, and an Arancita, and it was $10.00.  You cannot find a better $10 lunch in the Strip District, and if you think you can you are entitled to your wrong opinion.I loved their sushi!  It was really good.  Like really, really good.  I will def be back and I don't know why I wasn't here sooner.
5	Fish is so fresh, food is great.  Had the soup and sushi for lunch.  Not only is it a cute place to eat, but it doubles as a fish market.  Would definitely recommend for buying fish to go, or sitting for a meal. Located in the busy Strip district of Pittsburgh with lots of shopping opportunity. Definitely worth stopping here during a day out!
4	When we walked in, we were confused on the protocol of being seated and ordering. Aside from that slight confusion, the food was fantastic!! I got the crabcake sliders and they were yummy. Very fresh, quality food. And the decor is beautiful-I felt like I was in a cool underwater world. The place was very clean and well maintained. I'd return!
5	My favorite seafood place in Pittsburgh. You will not be disappointed !! It's super healthy and everything is fresh. I have had and love the English style cod, blackened tilapia, pa ave fish salad with shrimp, crab tacos, you name it... Love this place!!
4	Sandwiches are to die for! Wish their hours were modified so it would remain open longer.
4	I really enjoyed coming to Penn Ave if a bit on the pricier side. We ordered the crab cake sliders, which you get three of. They needed a bit more crab, but the pretzel buns they came in were really tasty. I also had the blue point oysters which were big and creamy. They had a clean taste and didn't deal with any grit issues. The place gets really busy, even on a weekday which is the only downside...and finding parking in the strip district. Otherwise I would love to come back again for all the other options they have, because they have many..I just need to bring more money next time :)
4	Great sushi in Pittsburgh? You'll find it here at Penn Ave. My girl Rachel C knows her stuff when it comes to seafood. I was a little skeptical about getting sushi this far away from the ocean, but her enthusiasm and familiarity with the spot put my mind at ease and I followed her lead. I am so glad I did. The space is fun and funky -- a casual fish market and restaurant in one. It was a busy day when we were there so it took a bit to place our order at the counter and get our food, but once we did I was most definitely happy and impressed. The rolls are unique and playful, and there's definitely something for everyone. Seating is, as I mentioned, very casual and dispersed throughout the space, which is on the louder, more cavernous side as an homage to their fish market days. The building seemed to be under a bit of construction while I was there, so things were a bit disheveled and the restrooms were quite frightening -- filthy and  wreaking of fish. Other than that, I'd hit this place up again anytime.
4	Solid prices and excellent fish, especially for a landlocked region. Casual service in an environment reminiscent of a warehouse, but in a good way. I'll be sure to remember this place the next time I'm in town.
4	A classic place with great, reasonable food that has not adjusted to the "scaling" issues of the Strip District.The Strip District has gotten crowded... really crowded. With the influx of new people, places like Penn Ave Fish Company are able to shine with their amazing food.. but with a cost.That cost is an operation which is frankly poorly done and hopelessly confusing and inefficient. It needs to be updated. Why do I order from one counter, get my food, sit down and eat, then pay at another counter right next to the one where I ordered at the end of the meal when there isn't any real waiter/waitress service? And you can't get your check at the table. And everyone's confused about which line is which (order vs pay). And the food can be very slow, because I think this place is taking on a few too many customers when it can't handle the demand.Once they figure this out I'll go back. But until then they need to get their operations in check. It does not work for lunch in its current state. Too slow and too confusing.I ordered sushi for lunch and was told it would take 45 minutes. 1 hour and 15 minutes later... no food. Me and several others from my party ended up leaving without any food. So as much as I love the food here, which is incredible, I hope they improve their operations.
5	Best sushi in Pittsburgh!
4	I love coming in to the Penn Ave Fish Company when I am walking the Strip. They have the freshest sushi in the city, and I would be afraid if they didn't. I always order the same thing:Manhattan clam chowderCrab cake sandwich Tekka DonTuna RollThe cooked foods are always for my friend while the sushi is for me. What can I say, I like tuna more than I probably should considering the over-fishing that is going on.
2	We arrived on Sunday around noon. We were very confused as to whether we should order at the counter or at our seats. After about ten minutes a friendly waitress told us she would be taking or order. She came back after about ten minutes and took or order. The food took very long to come (as did the check) and we were all non-plussed by it considering that it was quite expensive.The atmosphere is very unwelcoming. It smells pretty bad of fish, the interior design is very sterile, and the music is way too loud and is not the kind of music you want to rock out to when you are spending 20 bucks for a sandwich with chips, a bowl of soup, and water. The product seems okay, but they need to do some work on the overall "feel" of dining here. It would take a lot of convincing for me to come back here. I would definitely not recommend this place at this time.
5	The positive reviews on TripAdvisor,  Google maps and Yelp convinced us to walk the length of the strip from the convention center to try this place out.At first glance it did not seem like much more than a seafood market/deli.  No fancy tables or franchise decorations.Don't let that deter you.  The food tasted Great and most importantly... Fresh.  The self serve soup was also quite yummy.  They played chill music and the ladies working at the counter were sweet and helpful.  Lastly, the prices are very affordable when compared to the nearby seafood restaurants. If I lived in Pittsburgh,  I could see myself eating lunch here often.
