4	Just down from the Castle, in the hub of the Royal Mile, this pub still manages to have an intimate feel. It's got low ceilings, a load of pub paraphernalia (bits and bob of pictures etc) and they serve a really great range of good beers and ales. The staff don't glare you down, which is always a plus. Even though it's on the Royal Mile, it's still refreshingly quaint, and though it can be jammed with tourists, it still feels like a bit of an oasis from the blaring bagpipes and endless tat of the Royal Mile (once you've lived in Edinburgh long enough, the Royal Mile sometimes becomes a place to avoid, especially during the Festival). Definitely a solid pub, if you're in that part of town, a part of town which seems to lack any good places to sit down for a drink. They serve food, but sadly, I haven't had a chance to taste any yet. But it's pretty standard pub food.
2	Situated at the top of the Royal Mile, Ensign Ewart presents itself as a traditional Scottish pub, with low ceilings, an open fire and historical memorabilia adorning the walls. Sadly, it doesn't live up to the standard of other pubs on the Royal Mile.Serving a variety of British beers at reasonable prices, considering its location, Ensign Ewart seems to aim mainly at tourists. One big annoyance is a pin-code lock on the bathroom door, forcing you to check at the bar before going to the toilet. To be honest the place has a slightly tacky feel, between the claymores and the Culloden portraits it feels as if Mel Gibson's Braveheart were turned into a pub and dumped in the centre of Edinburgh
4	cool little pub just down the street from the castle.  dark with low ceilings.  makes you feel like you are in a real scotish pub.  staff was friendly
4	Bursting with character and customers, the Ensign Ewart pub at the upper end of the Royal Mile has a decent selection of craft ales and other drinks. Its quite a snug place and if you can bag somewhere to sit then its your lucky day.We didn't eat in the pub, but food is served which looks like your standard pub fare. Its a pleasant spot to while away an hour and eavesdrop on the conversations of your close neighbours. Understandably its very popular with tourists.The loos at the Ensign Ewart are locked, but fear not, there's no need to get caught short. When ordering drinks at the bar the staff lean forward and whisper the keypad code. A canny solution to non-customers trying to use the facilities!
4	What a delightful pub!This is a local's pub and while we were enjoying the atmosphere, we noticed we were the only ones who were not local ... but that wasn't a problem and the locals were quick with entertaining conversation.The whiskey selections were great and their menu of other drinks was quite diverse, so everyone will find something they like at Ensign Ewart.... AND ...For you ladies, you'll find the bartenders to be quite handsome, so enjoy the eye candy as you drink ;-)
