4	I came here last weekend to see Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre perform The Great Gatsby. The show was wonderful with amazing cherography by John McFall and Lauri Stallings of Atlanta Ballet. What amazed me just as much was the beatuiful theatre the performance was shown in.Built in 1927, the Benedum Center is awe-inspiring and magical.  After following strict guidelines, the theatre was restored to its original grandeur in the 1980s. It is one of the most beautiful theatres I have been in. with over 90 chandeliers, and original mirrors and marble in the Grand Lobby.My only word of caution, the seats in the upper balconies are extremely tight giving taller people very little leg room.
4	I have seen a lot of shows here.  It's really nice and brings some amazing productions to the city.  (and I also saw the Great Gatsby ballet that another commenter mentioned!)
4	a great time!PROS:  PLENTY of seatingan insane variety of shows!just a really pretty historic buildingCONS:Parking is poo (bc there isn't any; you've gotta find a spot--I like the garage across from the Renaissance Hotel and then walk a bit)A bit old    (but that's really part of the charm for me)I've seen a lot of stuff here as a kid, but as an adult I've seen The Beauty & The Beast (Phenominal)  [a few years back]and David Grey (which was an awesome show!!)  [March 2010]Phantom of the Opera - Farewell Tour  [September 2010]*I checked "Good for Kids" only because they do offer children-centered shows.Some shows are also appropriate for kids depending on YOUR kids   ;)If you have little ankle-biting heathens, then please don't take 'em and ruin the show for everyone else   ;)
4	THE place to catch touring Broadway shows
5	saw the austrailian pink floyd show 2 times and a doo wop show once. place was built when everyone was 5'5 150 lbs.i am 6'3 270 lbs ,so its a toyt squeese for a 2 hour concert. but the sound and just the atmosphere makes me forget my knees are loc ated behind my ears. red carpet on the walls makes me get all giddy. betcha a cat would go ape in a place like this. hope its open forever.
5	This is by far and away my favorite theater in Pittsburgh! If you've ever been here you KNOW how beautiful it is! It's a historic landmark and was built in 1927 and restored in the 80's to it's original state. It holds around 2,200 seats and is the third largest stage in the country. As you can see, I'm a total nerd about this theater.So let me give you some BIG insider tips about seating! Avoid at all costs the outer sides of the Left and Right Orchestra (the floor) in the front. You can actually get a cheap seat if you sit in the back of the Left and Right sides but only sit on the aisle. IF an aisle seat isn't available, go for First or Second Tier. I would rather see the show from far away than half see the show! The touring Broadway, Pittsburgh CLO, Pittsburgh Opera and Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre perform here. So go support our local theater! Just remember it's right here in the burgh, it's still a fantastic production and it's cheaper than a trip to NYC!
5	Perfect Valentine's day date experience. I decided to book tickets for the Dracula Saturday Matinee so that we could have a night out on the town after the show. This theater is really exquisite! Prepare to go back in time to the decadence of the 1920's.Marble, sconces, crystal chandeliers, staircases, and brass railings adorn the beautiful space. Take some time after the performance to tour the interior rooms!The ballet was immensely enjoyable in it's own right. The back drops dark, sinister, and ethereal all at the same time. The dancers floating gracefully around the stage as if their feet fluttered just above the ground. Classical music flowed into the hall and moved with the performers during the most intense scenes. It was so romantic. I can't wait to go again!Pricing is quite reasonable too. You can go for the cheap seats for $20 on the top tier left or right of the center. $50 for better seating towards the center or orchestra seating for $90 being the best seat in the house. I love that on the website you can choose your own seats. Parking can be found two blocks away for $5 at the parking garage. Take some time out to visit this theater!
5	The Benedum Center for the Performing Arts was originally a movie theater called The Stanley. It was built in 1927 and was billed as "Pittsburgh's Palace of Amusement." It's acoustics are nearly perfect because back when it was built, 65 cents would not only buy you a "photoplay", but you'd also get live entertainment too. A two year renovation in the late 1980s under the guidelines of the U.S. Department of the Interior brought it back to its original condition. The grand lobby's mirrors and woodwork are all original. Of the more than 90 chandeliers and sconces in the theater, only one is a replica. In fact, the main chandelier weighs 4,700 pounds and is 20 feet high and 12 feet wide. The sightlines here are awesome. It truly is a masterpiece of theater design. Let's face it fellow Yelpers, you're not here for my architectural reviews are you? Okay. I came here last night for the Decemberists concert featuring Justin Townes Earle as the opener. There were only single seats left when I tried to get tickets. So I ended up going by myself to the show. Hey a married babe can treat herself to a night out on occasion! The Portland, OR based Decemberists have been burning up the indie rock scene for a few years now and their CD "The King Is Dead" has been doing quite well. So much so that it reached #1 on the Billboard Charts in late January. The Decemberists in the past have dabbled in so-called "progressive rock" and British folk but this new CD is definitely more of an Americana/Alt Country sound. So much so that the single "Down by the Water" reminds me of Firetown's "The Good Life" for some reason (Firetown later evolved into Garbage--in both senses of the word.. But that's another story). So it was no surprise that after doing "The Crane Wife, Parts 1-3", Colin Meloy told the audience "I don't know who wrote the set list, but they thought we were a prog band. We're not a prog band anymore. We're a folk band." Hmmm! That actually was a pretty apt description. Despite this, they managed to get a lot of songs in from their catalogue. There was plenty of good singin' and good playin' though. Sam Watkins of Nickel Creek played fiddle against Jenny Conlee's accordion and they did a rousing Irish jig to the song "Rox in the Box". It was almost strange though how Meloy apologized for taking the tempo down a notch during the gorgeous new song "Rise to Me". They also did their most epic pieces in the middle of the show, and face it folks, you can't keep a good prog band down! But anyway, this show proved that the Decemberists aren't some flash in the pan. Their many musical stylings and their abililty to move a show along proves that they're in it for the long haul. I should also mention that my 60-something father, a music fan in his own right, absolutely loves the Decemberists. Now you know where I get those genes from. As I mentioned, Justin Townes Earle opened the show and if his last name sounds familiar, it should. His father is the iconic Steve Earle (another one of my favorites). Justin gets his middle name Townes, from Townes Van Zandt, of whom Steve Earle was a great friend. Justin Townes Earle is definitely more bluesy than his old man and while he seems to be a good performer, only time will tell if he lives up to the musical legacy of his father.
4	I recently attended La Traviata here.  Great show!  The Benedum is a fantastic facility for the arts and a true asset to the Pittsburgh region.  The only reason why it is not 5 stars, is they need to update the downstairs, and possibly the upstairs bathrooms.  They were a little outdated and lacked the elegance of the rest of the facility.  Nevertheless, a very fine theater.
5	I always love coming to the Benedum.  We attended Wicked on a recent Sunday night.  I am always astounded by the beauty of this theater.  Here are a couple interesting facts:  The mirrors, marble and woodwork in the Grand Lobby are all original.  There are over 90 crystal chandeliers, torchieres and sconces in the theater, all but one are original.  The original cost was $3 million back in 1928.  Compare that to the 1987 restoration that cost $43 million.  We had perfect seats, Row AA.  How lucky is that?  Loved the performance.  My first time for Wicked.  But just as entertaining is the view of theater.  Love it here.  So beautiful and so ornate.  And while the seats are showing some signs of wear, the good news is the 2,881 seats will be repaired and refurbished to the tune of $450,000.You know, it always feels really special here.  No matter what event we attend.  Looking forward to coming back during the holiday season.
3	I had a wonderful evening out with the hubby. We went on a Saturday  night to see Jim Gaffigan. The theater was impeccably clean and the ushers were very helpful and pleasant.  The Gaffigan show was hilarious. I was impressed with the upkeep of the theater. Every seat appeared to be a good seat.I am taking off two stars because a Captain and coke and glass of red wine cost $22.00.
5	Saw Phantom when it came through. Grew up seeing Nutcracker every year. JC Superstar was awesome. Beautiful place and Pittsburgh is soooo lucky to have it!
4	This theater is a beautiful example of the elegance that theaters of the past have.  The restoration was done with fantastic attention to detail and it is so beautiful, you don't know where to look next.  In fact, you may get a stiff neck from looking at the stunning ceiling, sparkling chandilers and incredible detail.If you have long legs, or prefer to have space when you sit, your best bet is to sit on the floor level.  Balcony seats provide a great view, but there is a considerably smaller amount of leg room.  This can make a difference in your level of enjoyment of a show.I've seen two broadway touring shows there and the quality of both was great.  Sound quality and lighting were great and I was impressed with the sets and staging that could be done on touring productions.Many times in older theaters, bathroom lines are an issue, but the layout and amount of bathrooms on the lower level of the theater make it less of an issue than it is at similiar locations.  And there is even a bar on that level.The few downsides to the theater are the high prices for drinks (but that is expected at any location like this) and the lobby gets really cold on winter days from all the patrons coming in and out.  Theater doors usually open around a half hour before curtain time, so take that into consideration for your arrival time.
3	First of all, this is a beautiful theater! We came to see "Les Mis" and were held up in traffic on the way, so we did not get to fully appreciate the lobby as we huffed & puffed up the stairs to the balcony and took our seats just as the show started. However, we had plenty of time to check it out as we left en masse, and it was gorgeous.From our $50 seats in row N, the performers looked like ants. And there were rows and rows of people behind us, so I felt bad for them. Oh yeah, and I am SHORT and my knees were practically touching the seat in front of me. Definitely splurge for good seats if you want to actually see something here. The sound was great, which was important for a musical, and the performance was lovely.At intermission, we got a chance to take in the beauty of the theater, and we were impressed. However, we came to see the show, and although it was great, our seats left a lot to be desired, especially for the price.
5	I love it here! It is like walking into a little piece of history, I could see the upper crusts socializing in here back in the day. Furs and fedoras, and those long cigarette holders gracing the hallways. This is a gorgeous theater its hard to capture it with pictures because of lighting glares. I have not experienced large playhouses in other cities. But my advice is pick a show you love a decent Broadway one, splurge once a year it will make your experience that much more memorable. Spend a little extra for refreshments yes they are expensive but again the experience. I don't think the upper seats are bad but some on yelp seem to, if it is what you can afford it is still a nice view. And unlike Heinz hall you have a little leg room. There are always a few audience members behaving naughty that was my only complaint. The ushers are helpful and will let you in if you are few minutes late (Grrr that Pittsburgh parking), speaking of parking I would park at the 9th and Penn garage or the one on liberty and ninth if you can. I appreciate this theater for its history and modern contributions, I think some individuals do not understand that this kind of history in other American cities has been left to decay. Cue in Detroit, sadly. So props to cultural trust or whomever for keeping this one going.... true Pittsburgh beauty,
5	I was lucky to get a tour of the Benedum last month, and I was completely impressed.  This is a painstakingly restored historic building with marvelous architectural and design details.  It is absolutely an beautiful place to go see a musical, the opera, ballet, or a concert.  The staff is amazing and extremely professional, they run this place like clockwork.  I love the natural acoustics of the building, although I don't recommend that you sit under the balcony, that's the worst place to hear a good sound.  Don't worry about getting over-dressed for an event at the Benedum, this is a truly unique and beautiful landmark that exudes elegance.
5	Great theater !!! Absolutely beautiful .. Live the seating ... Seen Book of Mormon here !!! Loved it
4	This is a great place to see a show.  I have been here many times for shows ranging from talking hosts to on stage productions to orchestras, and I do not ever remember having a bad seat in the house.They also have refreshments that you can purchase before going into the show, but you have to pay extra if you want to carry it into the actual show.  Kinda strange, but I guess anything to make an extra buck.
5	Hey guys and gals!   As you know, I am a volunteer usher at the Benedum! Last night... SEINFELD!       Tonight.... CELTIC THUNDER!!!   I highly recommend buying a season certificate or a package deal to the Benedum! Next year is GREAT! "Wicked"is the the featured attraction!    What a GREAT Christmas or birthday gift, Right????      Do check into it and BUY!!!
5	I like coming here. Saw the Lion King. Bathrooms get crowded so you better hurry.  I'll be back.
4	Mom forgot her cane in the coed restroom.  Mom went to see Evita.  She says the lead performer got a standing ovation.  Mom said the people attending the event looked decent but they weren't really dressed up.  It was such an older crowd that they came and left in Access SUVs and a school bus.  The opera noted that they started in Oakland in someone's living room and the opera has been in Pittsburgh for seventy-five years.  Mom said the venue was packed but the last three rows were empty and that's where she sat for her rush ticket.  Mom said this place was pleasant because of the calm crowd.  When I asked mom how multicultural the crowd was.  She said there were a few groups of Chinese people and a few African Anericans,
5	Beautiful theatre! I have the 203/2014 Broadway subscription that is split between here and Heinz Hall and I am really happy with the experiences I've had so far.When picking up a ticket from the box office, I left my wallet at the counter. I didn't realize this until partially through the 1st act when I reached for chapstick and didn't feel my wallet in my purse. I had a minor panic attack, but decided to wait for intermission to go back and check. If someone stole it, I might as well not miss the show I paid for!I went to Guest Services and they informed me that the House Manager had my wallet. Someone at the box office had turned it into her. Since I'm a subscriber and they had my account information, they knew exactly where I was sitting and she was on her way to bring it right to my seat. They radioed her in and she brought it down a few minutes later. Every single one of the staff members I talked to was very helpful and polite through the whole situation.I can only imagine how hectic intermission is for the staff, but they made me feel like a priority and took great care of me. I look forward to my other shows here!
5	This is my first time here and definitely not my last.  An absolutely beautiful and historic theater with a pretty bad- chandelier, if I do say so.  If you want to experience the best of what this city has to offer, visit the Benedum.The bf and I came to see Elf the Musical for our anniversary.  I was blown away by the beauty of the Benedum!  The ceilings!  The lighting!  The candied almonds... Ok so I bought those ... I smelled them them minute I walked in.  It's part of Buddy the Elf's food groups, so I'm allowed right?  Ok ok I'm not here to review the show, I'm supposed to review the Benedum.The Benedum has all of the features a classic theater had to offer - cathedral ceilings with the gold leaf and naked babies, massive chandeliers, huge archways, and the feeling that history took place here.  So come and visit one of the many shows at the Benedum.  Excuse me while I enjoy my nuts.
5	I have seen several shows here over the years. Most recently, I saw wicked, which was amazing!!! The one thing I really have to applaud about the Benedum is that the seats are all pretty good. I am on the shorter side and have never had trouble seeing, no matter where I was seated.
5	This is such an amazing theatre. Outside, you have the old-school light up billboards. Inside, you're transported back in time with old ceiling crowning, gold flecked accents all over the walls and chandeliers - beautiful and ornate - everywhere. My repeated comment to my Pittsburgh-native friend was along the lines of, "Wow, I wish Cincinnati had something like this. This just doesn't compare to the Aronoff."I was here for about 4 hours and got to the see the Pittsburgh Ballet Company perform Swan Lake...the dancers were amazing. The pit orchestra was fantastic. The theatre was simply breath-taking. Such an amazing experience - especially for my first time seeing a ballet! Bravo!
4	I must admit that I have only been to the Benedum Center twice. Most of the shows that I've seen in Pittsburgh are at Heinz Hall, so I was looking forward to checking out the Benedum again.Though not as grand as Heinz Hall - or as new and compact as the O'Reilly Theater - the Benedum Center is that just-right-in-between size that works for a lot of musicals and other random shows and events coming through Pittsburgh.Tonight, my husband and I saw the Alton Brown Live show. I had a great time and really look forward to returning in just two days for Porgy and Bess!
4	I have such fond memories of the Benedum Center.  I love the "old theater" beauty and charm though I've seen modern, expertly-played shows here using lights, sound effects, and all manner of smoke machines, so you know this place is well-equipped.  There are some seats that don't have the best view or the most comfort, as some other reviews touched on, but I can't remember having a hard time with the acoustics.The staff members have always been friendly and courteous to me no matter if I was here for a musical or a more comic solo act (yeah, I mean Alton Brown.  That was awesome. #humblebrag.)  I have had some difficult conversations with staff members in the ticketing office, though, who seemed less than thrilled to have to speak with me.  A case of "We have a website, can't you just go online and do this!"
5	It's hard to say anything about the Benedum that hasn't already been said.  It is a beautiful theater and we are lucky to have it in Pittsburgh.  I have seen many musicals and concerts in the Benedum and every time I am here I always get this feeling of admiration like entering a classy ostentatious ballroom that I feel is perfect the way it is yet is reminiscent of a different time.  Maybe something like entering Jay Gatsby's mansion in the 1920's.  The seating is also a plus, I have never sat in an area where I couldn't see and I am vertically challenged so it's nice to know that even seated in the back I am able to see the show before me.  I look forward to many more visits in the future, and every time I walk past the Benedum I do gaze at it like a historic monument.  Again we are lucky to have you in the Burgh.
4	I am a 5-star fan of the Benedum.  I get to visit about 3X a year and it is a huge treat.Recently got to see Joe Bonamassa, who played 2-1/2 hours.  LOVE HIS MUSIC.  However, Joe + Benedum was not a 5-star outing.  Was his gear just too loud?  Maybe.  I'm not a music-ophile-ista of any kind, so I cannot offer an armchair solution.  The instruments were fantastic and yes, I know:  He's a guitar guy.  But he's also a vocalist and that was completely drowned out.The crowd was definitely from everywhere with a huge nod to the Harley-Davidson brand.  That kinda caught me by surprise.So I cannot wait until my next Benedum adventure shows itself and I will see Bonamassa every chance I get.  And yes.  I'd do the exact combo again.  But both of my 5-star favorites will get 4-stars if I have to sing in my head (well, maybe a little seeped out, couldn't be helped).
5	Nice digs.  Could not possbly complain about the acoustics or the theatre.  Went to see John Prine with Sarah Jarocz opening.  Very nice.  Pro tip: Booze line downstairs is shorter.  Who gets those front row seats anyway?  I was all the way back in Row A.
4	I've been to the Benedum plenty of times (all for musicals) and I've always had a good experience. Being a fan of the theater, it's always fun to put on some nicer clothes and see a show. The theater itself is beautiful. Complete with a huge chandelier and detailed ceiling art, the place itself is a sight to see. The hallways and staircases are a bit old, but it gives it a nice vintage feel to better your theater experience. One complaint I do have is the "lobby" area is kind of small making leaving the theater a bit of a hassle. Not to mention, the merchandise and snacks stands are there as well, making everything even more tight. Also, just a little tip... Being a college grad paying my student loans, I unfortunately don't have enough money to get front row seats. I usually buy the bargain seats in the back for $10-$20 dollars. What's cool is once the show begins you can move up to seats that aren't occupied. You may pay $10, but end up sitting in a $40 seat. However, be prepared to be a little lost. It's hard to hear what some of the actors are singing due to being way up at the top and not being able to read their lips. I'm sure the sound feedback has a lot to do with it as well.
4	A beautiful theater, no doubt.  It's absolutely stunning.Seating however?  ARghhh... Can only vouch for the first balcony tier.  These have got to be, by far, the most cramped seats I've ever encountered, Boston, MA and NYC included.  I get that they will be somewhat confining; but, seriously, I'm 5'5 and my legs were crushed against the seat in front of me.  The thought of crossing my legs at any point was merely a thought; it wasn't gonna happen -- no way.  So, while renovating it never occurred to anyone to arrange seating with a wee bit of space?  I mean even airlines have more space (yeah, yeah, by only mere inches, but it counts).  One plus was the ladies restrooms.  There are enough to accommodate and the line went surprisingly fast.  Four stars for the beauty; definitely not for the seats.
5	I absolutely love going to the Benedum! I've had so many amazing experiences there from Wicked and Priscilla to Beauty and the Beast, Lion King and the Little Mermaid. I've also seen Jilian Michaels, Shen Yun and make it a yearly tradition to go to the Nutcracker with my family! Each performance was unique,  intriguing, and left you wanting more! Going to the Nutcracker each year proves that the entertainment is not dull, even when the performances don't change much! The Benedum itself is just gorgeous. I always find myself staring at the captivating chandelier on the ceiling, no matter how many times I've been there! The lines for the women's bathroom get pretty outrageous though, so I don't suggest drinking much, or else you'll miss the next scene of the show. You are not allowed to go in late. The ushers will have you stand and watch until a scene change before you can get back to your seat if you are late. Then again, rules sometimes prove to be loose and you have people walking back and forth. The only time I had a negative experience was when a little girl was waving a neon necklace above her head and kept going up and down on her seat, bumping me each time she moved about. Her mother was very rude and took a phone conversation during the show. I do believe that there should be better crowd control because of this. The ushers should be watching for such behaviors because it really does ruin the viewing experience. You are unable to take photos, which prevents annoying flashes from going off during the show. You can dress up or dress casual depending on the performance, but people really all do their own thing and you wouldn't feel out of place no matter what you do! I usually dress nice, but don't go overboard. You will feel comfortable no matter what with this great atmosphere! If you have never been here, you really need to get moving! It is a wonderful experience! You won't regret it!
5	Take it from a former musical theater nerd--the Benedum is the best venue in town!  The ornateness of the decor, including the huge central chandelier, and the comfort and pitch of the seats make this theater as much a pleasure for the audience as it must be for performers.  The sight lines and acoustics are wonderful, so you can rest assured that no matter where your seat is located, you'll be able to see and hear all of the action.As a major fan of the performing arts, I visit the Benedum several times a year to see various shows, and I've seen performances of every cultural group in PGH with the exception of the Ballet Theater (that should change next month, however)!  The only one that doesn't perform here is the Symphony Orchestra, since they own Heinz Hall one block over.  I've seen musicals (Broadway Across America, CLO), the opera, and a concert (Brit Floyd, a Pink Floyd cover band), all of which the Benedum has accommodated seamlessly, despite huge stylistic differences in the performances.  Every time I've gone, no matter where I've been seated (usually second tier, once all the way in the far corner), I've had a wonderful time, so I have many fond memories, and look forward to many more.About the only major drawback of the Benedum is the smaller size of the women's restrooms, relative to Heinz Hall.  However, at least there are restrooms on multiple floors, unlike at the Byham, where the restrooms are in the basement.  The trick to beating the crowd is to not waste time in leaving the auditorium to use them as soon as intermission starts--preferably, as soon as the curtain starts to fall!If you're interested in seeing a behind-the-scenes view of the Benedum, one little-known fact is that a (free) tour is offered during the day.  All you need to do is call in advance to reserve a time.  I once took this tour with a group a couple of years ago, and it was really cool to see the lesser-known parts of the theater, including the dressing rooms, scenery storage areas, beneath the stage, the catwalks, and stand on the stage, looking out at the house--something I haven't done since my musical theater days!  Our tour guide was very knowledgeable, and was full of interesting facts about the Benedum and its programming, which made the tour informative, as well as entertaining.In sum, you can't go wrong with the Benedum, no matter why you're there!  If you're a friend of the performing arts--and even if you're not--I highly recommend it and its programming for a good time.That concludes review #200!
4	Went to my second performance here and now I can attest that the orchestra level seats are the ones you will want.  Trust me, your seating will be SOOOOoooOOOO much more comfortable.  I didn't realize that cheaper seats mean more cramped seating.  The upper tier seats I had the last time were severely cramped.  I'm only 5'5" and my knees were up against the seat in front of me and there wasn't going to be any leg crossing from that level.  However, the orchestra level seating was fine and I wasn't cramped at all.  There is a chance though that heads will be in your way as where we were seated in orchestra center maybe 10 rows back was at the same seating level as those in front of us.  We were able to move over one seat and it resolved that issue thank goodness.The ladies restroom downstairs looked to be a long line but it moved quickly and smoothly.  There was an attendant ushering us to open stalls around the corner that we weren't able to see if not for her.  Thank you!  It's a beautiful venue and would get my 5 star rating if seating on the upper tier were comfortable.  Alas, take your 4 stars and purchaser, beware.
4	The Benedum Center is home to some of the finest productions currently on tour. I've seen some of these musicals on the Broadway series in the cramped Broadway theaters themselves so it is refreshing to be able to see that same show from a larger venue.It is true that if you have seats to the far right or left then you will miss both the scenery and what happens on that side of the stage but that is true with most any theater. I find that if I am unable to get good seats and must sit far away or in the balcony then I bring some "opera" glasses to help me get a close up of the stars and the action.In addition to musical theater the Benedum Center offers special performances like the Nutcracker or special singers or groups depending upon the time of the year.Normally the CLO now has this new gimmick going on where they will take a picture of you for free in front of a show marquee and then post it on Facebook so you can download the image.It does have handicapped accessible access as well as free listening devices for the hearing impaired.They do have narrow areas for gift shopping as well as for purchasing beverages and snacks on two of the levels along with the basement. On the first tier there are lounge areas where you can just relax before or during intermission. The rest room lines are long but move quickly enough so that you can return to your seat in time for the 2nd act.They also offer some VIP packages where you get special "perks" along with better seating for more money. I am taking advantage of one of these perks next year and will update this review to see whether or not my investment was worth it.Sadly however, they don't always inform you of special name entertainment unless you are a donor. I've missed out on a couple of these attractions for that reason. Still the ticket prices are way less than what you'd pay to see the same show on Broadway and I feel it is worth your money.
5	I love the Benedum. Really there's not a bad theater in Pittsburgh, but this just has my heart. Recently just saw the Nutcracker, but have seen many a show here. Plenty of parking garages in the vicinity so not a far walk once parked downtown. Great restaurants nearby. Pricing is good, too. I love that they offer discounts to teachers. Yay! They also do student rush tickets, too I believe. Trust Arts gets a great selection of shows to come to Pittsburgh so you can see a great Broadway series production in your hometown or if you visit Pittsburgh. And, in that case this is something to do on your visit. I sat most recently in the orchestra seat which are nice. I prefer the director's circle above so you don't have to dodge a head in front of you.  I did once sit in 4th row orchestra and well, that's pretty damn awesome! I will always be back to this theater.
