5	This place is great to take your pet for grooming, and you get a full service done for a low price! I take my terrier and they only charge me $28..Full service includes bath brush, haircut, nail clipping & filed, ear cleaning & hair plucked, anal glands expressed, sanitary shave, teeth bushing and more....and the owners are a very nice couple...After I pick up my dog he smells & looks great!
4	Cutting our 2 dogs' nails once a month has become "Mission Impossible 5: Chihuahua Fury".  We simply can't do it.  They squirm, growl, and show their teeth!  This is the closest place to home and also the most reasonably priced.  For only $6 a dog, we get to watch our dogs freeze in fright as any of the friendly workers clip their nails easily and without fuss.  Our dogs aren't the grooming type but we've seen some frou frou work nicely done for owners that want their dogs to look like four legged snowmen.  It's a simple, no frills place that gets the job done for us.
3	I haven't had any problems the various times I've taken my dogs here.  I don't recommend it for dogs with matted fur.  I think its run by a couple and the gentleman has been great with my scared maltipoo.   The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because they're not very good with elaborate cuts and they have shaved my dogs when I wanted just a trim.  Overall its a good deal for a simple cut and bath and I will continue to take my dogs here.
2	sorry to say but this place was awful! my poor shih tzu's cut looks terrible and he was shaking after the experience. When I first dropped off my dog at 10:45 am they told me it would be 3-4 hours, which to me means latest 3 pm (I had to work @ 5). they told me someone would call when he was ready. I called around 2:30 to check on him but the phone just rang and rang, which I found slightly odd but figured maybe they were just busy with a bunch of dogs. I left my house @ 3:30 to go pick him up without ever receiving a call. When I got there I asked the man if my dog was ready and his female partner shouted from the back "that he wasn't ready and I'd have to come back, she was very busy." I told them I wasn't comfortable leaving my dog there since I had to be at work and they closed before I'd be able to come back to get him. The owner brought him out when I demanded to take him home and he was shaking and wet and half groomed. the owner and I argued over when he told me my dog would be ready and he and his female partner were very rude. I left with my dog and was super upset. the owner called me later and left a very apologetic voicemail and explained that they were very busy and he'd love to finish my dogs cut free of charge. I took him back against my better judgment and even though they fixed his cut it was fairly uneven as were his nails and he had a small cut above his eye where I'm assuming they nicked him with shears or something. My entire dealings here were odd and uncomfortable and even the salon itself is dingy and shoddy. NEVER GOING BACK!!! The only reason i gave two stars was because the owner did call and apologize and did "fix" the cut for free.
5	I love this place they take good care of my puppies and they really are good with my puppy that is really nervous but they do a good job and my puppies always smell great and affordable prices..
5	The Best. Love this place.
