3	This theater is pretty dumpy, they don't take cards (and DON'T HAVE AN ATM) and it smells like 10-year-old burnt popcorn.But! This is really a review for one of their ongoing events from Midnight Movie Mamacita (who, p.s., just won the New Times' Best of award).I recently checked out The Lost Boys (yeah, that's right, Lost Boys, uncut, on actual film and on the big screen). It was awesome. Plus, MMM is a rad local lady who tracks down and presents on the big screen for your pleasure weird, gory, ridiculous, grindhouse/exploitation, cult classic films. i.e., Return of the Living Dead, Killer Clowns from Outer Space, Ghostbusters, Blazing Saddles, etc.So, you can check out some Michael bay crapfest for $10, or see a redux of Toxic Avenger for $6.  Back to the actual theater. It's got a couple of video games, a pool table and about six screens. They also show older movies on the cheap. But seriously factor in that lack of technology. We didn't have cash, so had to trek down to the nearby target to use their ATM.
5	Update 3/26/08--I just found out from my daughter that the admission price is now only $1.00!!I'm giving this 5 stars just because if they hadn't been there I wouldn't have gotten to see all the movies I did last summer.  It was only $3 to get in  and not much more for a big tub of Popcorn that came with a refill.  The popcorn didn't have quite as good of flavor as the Pollack Tempe Theater but was still worth it.  Bottom line, my daughter and and I could go to the movies for about  $10 including the popcorn--for both of us!  No it's not deluxe but I'm paying for the fun of seeing the movie, not plush surroundings.  And the clerks are friendly and start to remember you if you go there a few times.  I like when people know me and make me feel welcome.
5	I'm not reviewing the type of establishment this place is during the day... I'm talking about what happens at NIGHT!!The Rocky Horror Picture Show shows every Saturday night at Midnight at the Chandler Cinemas!! Come As You Are Productions and AZRocky has been rocking the stage for the past couple of years. I was taken to AZRocky by a good friend last year and I have taken nearly EVERY close friend of mine there ever since!We go to this place on late Saturday nights to go see the freaks, the geeks and everyone inbetween. There can be a barrage of folks in fetish gear, lingere or other types of costume. Parading around or smoking outside the theatre before the pre-show starts. I must admit... some of the costumes are CRAZY! And some make me wanna try walking in 6 inch stilletto leather boots that go up to my thighs. Feel free to Come As You Are!  Although u MUST bring something to cover up with so all the goodies aren't hanging out. The pre-show is the best part of the night! Matteo, the owner hosts the late night festivities of very mature content in very immature ways! There are costume contests with prized from Zia Records! (WEEEEeee!!) or Hot Topic any zany place where the alternitivos of Phx venture. And of COURSE the Sacrifice of the virgins!!! (SCREAMS OUTLOUD!!) This includes the rocky oath and some sort of humilitating task for the 18-year-old and older virgins. This is a great event for those who are 16 and older. As there are some things that go on there that are for the immaturely mature only! This is a great date movie... because seriously?? who WOULDN'T be turned on by scantily clad transvestites, bisexual adultary and incestual aliens??? Now if you do decide to stay up late and decide to venture into the oh so welcoming leather and lace gloved arms of the AZRocky cast I recommend the following DOs and DONTs....- DO Show up on the early side and dance to whatever crazy songs the spazzed out DJ likes to play!! Sometimes it's techno, sometimes it's 90s pop, sometimes it's 80s pop, sometimes it's hardcare thug music... sometimes it's death grind metal... u just NEVER know!!!  Say 11PM, BUT dont' be surprised if things start a lil late, don't worry, just kick back on the love seats (I can't promise there hasn't been any lovin' on them! ;)) and wait, they'll yell for u when they're ready for u to enter the theatre! :) - DO donate some money to the AZRocky company!!! What they do is so crazycoolandawesome!! So YESS!! Support!! - DO dress up!! It doesn't have to be Rocky gear, although you'll totally be loved if you do!! Whatever goth, tranny, or kandi kid outfits that makes you smile will totally make everyone else smile!! Also lingerie is cool just be sure to cover up the "good stuff!"- DONT bring the drama!! Drama is such a drag! I remember once there was a couple that was fighting mid-rocky!! I just turned around and told them BOTH where they could go!!-DONT mind all the yelling! lol! It's real, that's one of the best parts of Rocky!! The yelling!! The trash talking, the lame jokes, the innapropriate jokes, are what makes Rocky, Rocky!! So enjoy it! Laugh and yell along!! I can't TELL you how satisifying it is to yell Elbow Sex over and over again when everyone else is doing it! -DO dance!! I mean come on!!! What is the point if you're not going to do the time warp?? *Scoffs!* Just get off ur duff and do it!! You'll never regret it! :)- DO compliment the outfits of those who are dressed up. I know it's kind of odd being around a bunch of ppl who are dressed to kill (some literally)  and it's crazy easy to just be a wall flower, but starting off with a compliment can make all the difference! :)-DO go to denny's afterward!! The entire cast and faithful Rocky fans go to the Denny's off of Country Club Road & Southern (I think) after each and every performance. It's so awesome to just talk to them and crack dirty jokes and who doesn't love sharing pancakes with a bunch of sequined transexuals at 2 in the morning? Pass the butter! ;)So YES! Go!! Pay ur $6 and chill till they yell at u to come! Enter at ur own risk! and be prepared to yell, scream, to fondle the person next to you, to be picking rice out of your hair the next day, to sing ur best falsetto rendition of Bohemian Rapsody, to wonder where u can rent Hedwig and the Angry Itch, To laugh until you cry, to can't stop thinking of ur favorite episode of Spin City as you watch berry boswick dance in drag, to wonder exactly how tall IS Tim Curry, to be scared that you're going to get sacrificed, to wonder where u can get a gold speedo at this time of night and is THAT Cher T. from Yelp.com over there??? And chances are, it IS!! See ya'll there!
3	The movies are a dollar so I go here.  Otherwise the theatre is old and dingy, they don't accept cash and last time I was there I saw a roach in the popcorn they had on display.
4	The most affordable form of entertainment for a family with 3 kids.  I think that if the owner catered to moms in the summertime with lots of kids movies the theatre would be packed.  Advertise to the MOMS groups in the valley, and I think people would show up.  The theatre is comfortable, but not as updated as the new ones out there.  My family and I usually go there 3 times a month.  We would go every weekend if they showed more kid movies.  Overall, I like it alot.
5	Terrible tragedy--they raised their price from $1 to $2!  Oh no!  Hahaha!  I found out this great theater is under new management since January.  They sound like neat people and I was so glad to see the place still open 'cause I had heard it closed.  Fortunately I don't believe everything I hear so the first night I was in town (7/19) I stopped by about 10:30pm to find a line of fascinating characters out front waiting for the weekly showing of Rocky Horror Picture Show.  Not my cup of tea but if it helps keep the place afloat more power to them!  I came back on Monday to see Nim's Island for $2 admission and $3.50 for large popcorn WITH refill.   Sure wish we had a theater like this in San Diego!  I will definitely stop in next trip, too!  Keep up the good work guys!Oh yeah the increase in admission is to cover the extra cost of A/C in the summer since it is over 100 degrees outside!
4	Bring cash!  No swiping of plastic here. If we're thinking of a movie we check Chandler Cinemas and http://www.yelp.com/biz/pollack-tempe-cinemas-tempe#hrid:3BUvU-4UVPC0nbvPUALv-w first.Why pay ten for a flick when you can pay two or three?  We've never patronized the concession stand here so can't speak to the quality or prices for the bucket o' popcorn and tub o' soda.Chandler Cinema is certainly an older venue, not as flashy and updated as a new Harkins or the like but it's perfectly fine for catching a movie, and much more affordable!And the fact that they run RHPS every Saturday makes me feel like I'm revisiting my college days just a little...
5	Why it's good:The "special engagement" titles, like Repo! A Genetic Opera, Rocky Horror, etc.What's it not:The good titles are only showing at late nite, and it's not uncommon to see listed showtimes for 9pm or midnight only for a few days. WTF? Why, on one hand, showcase cool indie movies, but on the other hand, still give preferential treatment to Twilight and Beverly Hills Chihuaua? That's not fair. Why can't the good movies be shown during the day for a change? Might that help get more people out there? I just don't get the whole "soccer mom movies" during the day, and "Rocky Horror kids" at night thing. (Do they magically become "better" movies at night?)*Edited: In fairness to Chandler Cinemas for circumstances beyond their control (i.e., lazy-ass people who complain about the lack of 'culture' of this town but won't support independent films at a venue other than Harkins), I have bumped up the rating to 5-stars. Since this is a review of Chandler Cinemas, not the lazy-ass people who won't go there.
5	I've tried for the last 45 minutes to write a witty, coherent review about this place, but I can't. The immense, joy that borderlines the orgasmic that this place gives me is too overwhelming for grammar and convention. Puny yelpers, feel the mighty wrath of another one of my nonsensical LISTS!==Reasons Why After Coming To Chandler Cinemas I Am Convinced I Will Never Give Patronage To Another Theater In The Valley==--$2 regular movies, and $6 special engagements! Why are we paying 7-9 dollars to these corporate theaters? Over 90 percent of that revenue goes back to the studios so they can finance yet another crime against humanity starring Reese Witherspoon as the sassy single blonde. Besides, what little money the chain theaters get from the box office, they don't deserve anyway. You'd agree with me if you ever met any of the executives of Harkins in person.--Chandler Cinemas isn't just a place to see movies, it's a place to LOITER. There are arcades, a pool table, and even a bunch of COUCHES AND A BIG SCREEN TV! I'm not making this up. People actually sit around watching Comedy Central while waiting for their showtime. Harkins will throw you out for taking up the Dance Dance Revolution machine. And I know some of the more uppity theater patrons out there will scoff at all the teenagers climbing this place but dude, come the fuck on. You used to be that young with nowhere to go because unless it's a bar or sporting event there isn't shit to do around here. Get over yourself. The way I see it, if they're loitering in theater lobbies than they're not rear-ending people in parking lots or stealing from comic book shops. And that's a necessary evil I can handle. (In case your curious, the arcade machines they have include the original Simpsons side-scroller beat em up, Die Hard, Ms Pac Man, and Revolution X. Really, you haven't lived until you've played a game where the object was to shoot cds out of a machine gun.)--The vibe. Look, I'M LEARNING TO APPRECIATE ATMOSPHERE. Some movies are so bad they're good. So naturally some places can be so low-brow and nasty that they're good. The floors are sticky and covered in popcorn. The walls of the lobby are plastered with movie posters and cardboard cutouts. The marquees over the theaters are those manual "put the letter in the box" kind that you see at gas stations. When you buy your ticket, you get your hand stamped. Like you're at a rock concert or amusement park. You know why they stamp your hand? So they don't have to check your ticket. Just shove that receipt all the way down to the bottom of your pants, dude, they don't want to see it. --THEIR CONCESSION STAND HAS A VALUE MENU!!! CC's has the best concession stand menu ever. From M&M cookies to pizza, they have everything you shouldn't eat in a movie theater but will anyway. A small soda and small popcorn (small in bizarro world measurements, meaning that it feeds 3 people) are only $4. You know what $4 gets you at Harkins? A disapproving, nonplussed grimace from the employee, that's what. I think $4 gets you a bag of reese's pieces. Maybe. I can't remember the last time I had candy in a movie theater that I didn't already smuggle in. You ever wonder why I'm always carrying that Wonder Woman bag? It's not for the aesthetic! The moral of this story: I love CC because I can do the math. --Last night I saw Goldfinger. Not the band, the Sean Connery-era James Bond flick with that famous bondage scene where the bad guy says "No, Mr. Bond. I expect you to die!" You know what came before that? 2 Hours of Bond Trailers! I got to watch the entire history of James Bond in 2 hours. Granted, I'm pretty sure I'm in the minority on the "people who likes trailers vs people who hate trailers vs people WHO FUCKING LOVE trailers" but this is my review, bitches! They have the best indie and B movie showings here. It's like those real, honest to Cthulu grindhouses I love but am totally not old enough to remember. Not to further express my blatant anti-Harkins bias, but I remember plenty of times that I've searched the entire Phoenix-Metropolitan area to see an indie film to find that they weren't showing it anywhere, not even at their precious little Camelview, which, let's face it, is not an independent theater, even if they show independent films. If Best Buy set up "Second To Best Buy" and sold only "indie" records, that wouldn't make them an independent record store. Holy shit, did I just develop the use of logic? I better not make this a habit, lest you all start expecting it from me.Yeah, all that "variety is the spice of life" hippie bullshit is great and all, but I think I've found the only flavor of movie theater I will ever need for the rest of my sentence, I mean, time living in the valley.
2	I'm really torn on this one.  On one hand you've got one of the only places in town to see rare/indie films and live shows, on the other you have the room filling egos of the staff and patrons knowing this is one of the only places in town to see this stuff.  Should you even mention in a voice barely above a whisper to your direct companions a comment about a movie more then 10 people have seen be prepared for know-it-alls to pop up like some demented whack a mole game lecturing about the evils of hollywood and how they're much more enlightened and into film than you are having actually SEEN Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story.  (I really wish I was exaggerating for effect here folks, but the superstar comment actually happened) While I really do appreciate having more variety in film which Chandler Cinemas certainly provides what they need to realize is that its a theater; a place where people to go see movies for entertainment, not some awesome flying unicorn that beams cancer curing rainbows from its rear.
4	Hubby and I are trying to support our local businesses more now since the economy has been brutal and we are seeing some of our favorite hangouts die.  As they say before the credits role for Rocky Horror, This isn't your parents show, though I see a lot of parents there with their kids.   I've been impressed with not only the management but the amount of fun everyone seems to have, including those that take your tickets and run the concession stand.   They have an ATM now but you will need to get some cash before you can see a movie.   While its an older theater it doesn't lack charm for what it is.   When you go let your hair down and have fun.   That's really what it is all about.
4	I was so disappointed when I arrived in December and found that this theater had closed for good.  Whe I stopped by the location I found that a school of performing arts had taken over the site--a perfect match I'm sure and better than having it razed, but still a disapointment to not be able to go here any more.  BTW---if anyone knows where the former owners or an employee named "Bryan" or maybe "Ryan" is, contact me, or have them contact me via Yelp or give you their info to pass on to me please.  I promised the kid some pics from my yearbook of one of his favorite actors that I went to college with.   I didn't know he wouldn't be available when I came back and I have been bringing the album with me to photocopy if I should locate him for my last two trips here.  Thanks!.
