3	okay, so you should go to the jade garden if you like buffets. its also good if you like vegetables, not because there is a stunning variety of meatless items, but because the green beans they make are SO good. also the broccoli in the chicken and broccoli is really good. there's probably a lot of garlic in there. usually when i go to the jade garden, i try to balance out the amount of fried stuff on my plate with green stuff. so in addition to the broccoli and green beans, i like an egg roll, some scallion pancakes, and maybe some noodles.there's definitely that token dessert counter, complete with the funny pudding with nilla wafers or bananas, green jello squares, some kind of cookies, little pieces of cake that remind of of gelatin for some reason, and tapioca. i would skip this area altogether if i were you. end on a savory note. grab an extra scallion pancake. its worth it.
4	I also love Jade Garden's Crab Rangoon.  I consider crab rangoon to be one of my favorite foods, but it has to be *just so*, and Jade does it RIGHT.
1	Gross! Hand down the worst General Tso's Chicken I've ever had.Small, soggy egg roll.Soggy chicken that smelled like dog food.And, what was most insulting was the "fried rice" was just an ice cream scoop of steamed rice with something brown squirted on top.Never again, Jade Garden.
4	While in Madison and working with locals, I kept hearing about how Jade Garden had THE BEST EVAAARR Chinese food in Madison.My experiences with Madison Chinese food consisted of A8, Asian Kitchen, and, dare I mention it, the Yummy.Of these, I concur, Jade Garden had the best Chinese to offer.What a pathetic statement that is.Now, it is very, very good, don't get me wrong. And I highly enjoyed it. I once dragged a friend with me down Park St all the way 2 blocks from the capital in January, took the bus to the restaurant and then decided to walk back in the foot-deep snow (bad decision). I digress. Their lunch buffet is quite good, the delivery a bit pricier.But, once again, it blew away most things offered by the other three, and no need to feel like you'll die afterwards.Still... if this is the best in Madison... another reason I'm glad I moved out.
1	I've ordered Jade Garden a couple of times and have received very inconsistent food.  This time (which will be my last), I received 2 disgusting egg rolls (the oil clearly hadn't been changed in days) and the kung pao chicken smelled like dog piss AND was littered with massive green peppers which smelled rancid.. Sadly, I wasted $7 on it because it had to go in the trash bin.  The chicken fried rice & lo mein was pretty tasty, but definitely greasy.  I will never order from there again.
3	There is nothing particularly stunning or revolting about Jade Garden: it is what it is.  I ordered from here all the time in college - cheap food, specials every so often if you Google it, pretty quick turnaround as well.I was back in Madison for New Year's, and I ordered from here on New Year's Day, online.  Not only were they open (unlike some of their delivery friends), but they had it at my door in about 15 minutes.  I don't know if I'm scared or impressed, but I'm going to go with impressed.Food is traditional blah pan-Asian cuisine, but I did enjoy the fried potstickers, fried wontons, and eggrolls.  Then again, anything fried is soooo gooooood.  Chicken with broccoli was decent - broccoli wasn't soggy, and it was aplenty.Better Chinese food than most places in Madison, with great delivery times to boot.  Someday, Jade Garden, I will be back.
1	Got delivery... Looked em up on here and wasn't too impressed (3 isn't horrible) but really looking forward to trying the rangoon .  Phone etiquette was nice, delivery was fast, food was eh.  I wasn't expecting a lot, I just needed a greasy Chinese fix, which I got!!  The generals chicken was dried out and bland... the egg rolls were soggy but the rangoons?  Those were the WORST thing I may have ever eaten!!  I was crushed.   I thought for sure I was safe with those... but no, I did not get to enjoy the deliciousness of a previous reviewer.  Mine were stale, with lumpy chunks of nasty cream cheese and maybe one slice of green onion per rangoon.  No Crab.  Not a thing.  It was bad enough to do such a crappy job, but then to just leave out the one possible saving grace?  Horrible.  Such a disappointment :(
5	I love Jade Garden!I have been a regular, stopping in about once a month or so for about  3 years. Coming here is basically a tradition for my Grandma and myself.They are very good about keeping their offerings fresh and rotated, unlike the revolting "Yes Buffet" on Fish Hatch. Family owned and operated, meaning they recognize their regulars and treat them like family!!! They only have meat egg rolls in the buffet, so every time i come in they automatically bring out some veggie ones at no extra charge, since I am a regular and a proud vegetarian. GO JADE GO!!!!!
4	I have driven past Jade Garden many many times in the past and because it has no curb appeal and Chinese buffets can be questionable I never ate there. However, some coworkers of mine recommended it and I was pleasantly surprised. We had been stuck in a long meeting and were very hungry by the time we got there. Thankfully they have a buffet so there is no need to wait for your food. Their hot and sour soup was really good. Also had the Lo Mein Fun, Kung Pao, Eggroll, Green Beans, Mushroom and Crab Rangoon. All of it was really good. And yes the Crab Rangoon is the best in Madison as other reviews state. The food is affordable and the lunch buffet price even includes soda. I will be back.
3	Hunan Beef: Overloaded with average-quality vegetables...there was hardly any meat to speak of in this dish. I don't appreciate that. You're clearly trying to rip me off for the cost of the most expensive ingredient and it just reflects poorly on yourself. In addition it was really spicy without having any actual flavor to it - kind of like when you dump tabasco on something bland. Crab Rangoons: Delicious, crunchy and sweet wontons with an excellent sauce to complement it. Mouth waters just thinking about them.Veggie Egg Rolls: Excellent, crispy both inside and out...Not soggy at all. Not even that greasy for a deep fried food. Goes great with any and every kind of dipping sauce, plus they're cheap and plentiful.
4	Typical Chinese buffet.  Good service.  Come right when lunch or dinner starts and it is super fresh.  They will restock anything you ask for.  They should have Jimmy John's commercial cuz their delivery is crazy fast.
3	We went here on a saturday night, about an hour before close. I appreciated how the wait staff offered to make any dish we wanted fresh. They watched what we and other patrons were taking off the buffet and quickly made up small portions to replace. The selection is pretty good and varied.
3	This is a typical Americanized Chinese restaurant. They have a decently price lunch buffet with a good selection. You'll find all the standard breaded meats with familiar sauces such as sweet and sour, hoisin, etc...You'll find better in Madison but at least they deliver.
4	Good cheap Chinese buffet. The spiced potatoes are amazing, and the crab rangoons are really good too.
3	My roommates love this place because it's cheap and you get a pretty decent amount for the price you pay. But I honestly find the food a bit on the greasy side and delivery takes about an hour. I've found that ordering take-out is the fastest way to get your food from here. Overall, I think the food here is alright for the price you pay.
3	This is a pretty average Chinese buffet. Some of the food is quite good. I went at 1:00p on a week day and some of the buffet dishes were dried out. The staff was friendly. There cubby for the drink fountain and bus station smelled slightly moldy. It was noticeable whenever I walked by. I would eat here again because their selection was good and the price was about $7.50 with a drink.
3	Not nearly as good as the one in Eau Claire (same place, I checked). But it's ok. Not my first choice for Chinese, but it's alright.
3	When I ordered Jade Garden rather hungover on a Sunday, I expected to get greasy Chinese-American food. And that's exactly what I got. Jade Garden will happily fill your Chinese food cravings, and keep you on budget! Not to mention delivery was very fast. Only complaint was my Crab Rangoon were a little cold, but everything else was nice and hot.I was not impressed with the Crab Rangoon (cold or not). There just wasn't a lot of flavor. I did enjoy the Scallion pancakes however, as well as the Sweet and Sour Chicken. Crispy Chicken plus Sweet and Sour sauce equals happy Kelsi. Next time I hop on the struggle bus I'll be sure to remember this place.
4	The food was fresh and tasty the service was a little slow with drinks and clearing of plates but otherwise made up for by the food taste and price. The cleanliness could use a little improvement but that was really not a big deal I would recommend anyone who likes buffets to enjoy this one
