5	Desert Foothills Nails, in the same plaza as Safeway, has been the spot near home where I've had my gel nails and pedicures done for over 4 years.  Today I told Kathy the owner that I was going to review them on Yelp as THE best, most professional, cleanest and obviously safest spot for nails after I made the mistake of going somewhere else a few weeks ago when I had a couple of hours free and my nail tech was off.  What a mistake at the other place--it was like seeing the dark side!!!  Desert Foothills Nails sterilizes all its tools/equipment in a visible location--you see bagged instruments coming out for you...you know that the equipment used on you is safe.  You can watch the chairs and tables, foot baths, etc. being disinfected/flushed between every client.  Towels are changed.  Hot towels are fresh.  Your technicians wear gloves and you watch them being changed.  There isn't a hesitation here because of time or that clients are watching, it is being automatically done by every tech!  I am a dental hygienist and very aware of what risks there are for disease transmission in a clinic setting, so I'm watching them.  There is nothing like going somewhere else to make you realize just what shoddy, unsafe places there are out there that manage to have a license!!!  I will be sticking to only Desert Foothills Nails.  Thank you Kathy for caring about your client's health and safety and thank you Brian (Munh) for being such a great technician and giving me great nails.  We love you guys and appreciate all that you do!!!  You ARE the BEST!!!Carolyn (and Douglas)
5	Carolyn A. Couldn't have said it better.  As a Male, it's always somewhat intimidating to go to a nail salon, because of how your treated by the staff.  This ia NOT true at Desert Foothills Nails.  All the staff, which includes men, are always going to the extreme to show you that your a valued customer.  Brian, Linh, and the rest are all great.I too had a horrible experience at a different salon, I left with 7 fingers bleeding, with no explanation of why!!!!You can't go wrong with this salon!!Doug Y.
3	Went to this salon briefly while living with my parents three years ago, and during my high school years. Great nail art, great prices. No CND Shellac products for gel nails, which is too bad. High quality stuff! Ryan, Terri, Kathy and Nicki are all great techs! Would not recommend waxing of any kind here as one, you often don't know who holds the license, and two, they use strip wax instead of hard wax.  Also, my eyebrows got messed up pretty bad. Aestheticians, please take note that not everyone is a fan of the dated thin eyebrow look. Also, another thing that skeeves me out are the whirlpool jets for pedicures. Yes, they're relaxing! Yes, your technician may take the time to sanitize the basin and everything else. But unless they take apart the screens and clean those out . . . Congratulations, your feet are still soaking in previous clients' foot crud.  I haven't been back in two years as I started getting my nails done where I get my hair cut. True, you can make appointments here but they never seem to be honored. Well, that's hard to come by anyway in a non-standard nail salon. Overall, the price is right, decent customer service and the work is beautiful. Go check it out!
5	I am new to the area and was looking for somewhere local, affordable and convenient.  I was very happy with my experience here today on a Thursday morning.  They had a basic spa pedicure and I added the design and callus removal. I had a local flyer coupon.  I would recommend this spot and intend to be back again soon.
5	Friendly and high quality service, good prices, great attention to health codes, overall wonderful salon! I'd never choose anywhere else!
3	I really like this place. It has a clean, pleasant atmosphere and the work is good. However, I think if I extend you the courtesy to stay off my phone while services are done - the least you can do is show me the same respect. There's no reason for you to text and answer calls (holding a conversation!) while you do my nails.  I just know who to ask for next time.  #ifuwantatipshowrespect
