5	This place c ame as a top recommendation from a former Montrealer; I read about it and was a little wary of going to a "retro lounge" but took the plunge and headed there one night.The decor is actually really neat; it does retro without being corny, and I found myself aweing over their hand chairs, in love with the light fixtures, and captivated over several different items from the bar to the booths to the art. Drink service was fast, the DJ was playing all the best songs, and the patrons were very social and friendly. I could have gone here everynight I was in Montreal and been happier than a pig in mud.
4	cool ambiance, great music, just could've used more room on the dance floor - twas a little jam-packed for my taste.  all in all a good time, and without a cover, certainly recommend checking out!
5	I had drinks here one night a few years ago.  The scene was straight out of A Clockwork Orange; I was almost expecting to be served a tall glass of milk by a man wearing thermal underwear.
3	We came here for drinks with friends who live in Montreal. My friend recommended this place. There wasn't a big crowd...then again we came here on a Thursday night. The music was pretty cool... a mix between hip hop, trance, and techno. The crowd was friendly.Their menus are on a vinyl record. The seats are funky with big hands to sit on. Definitely a cool and swanky area to grab drinks with friends. We weren't looking for a quiet place to grab drinks and wanted it to have a positive and upbeat vibe. This place definitely did the trick after dinner!
3	Fun place, until it fills up. Then you seriously consider peeing your pants just to avoid having to walk through a thousand people on your way to the bathroom.
4	This is a good place to start your night before heading to a bigger dance club. They pour great drinks at good prices and has chic interior.  My only complaint is that it is too small and can get packed once people start dancing.  It can get pretty claustrophobic the later the night goes.  Overall not a bad place. It's advertised correctly as what it is.
5	A fun kitschy place to start off the night.! Funny named but great cocktails, that are not too expensive and are pretty strong for Montreal standards. You also get to sit in funky hand chairs that are cool at first but then kinda make your butt go numb. It gets kinda noisy later on, so I would recommend getting there a little early.
4	I actually was pleasantly impressed by this place. I tend to be more of a dive bar, low lit, pitchers of beer, small dance floor bar type of girl so when a friend invited me here I was skeptical. Although you can get a decent cocktail for a somewhat decent price here (10 bucks for a cocktail that contains two full ounces) you can also op for a well priced beer. You got Molson on tap.The decor is loud, colorful yet surprisingly not nauseating, its actually pretty fun! But the greatest thing about this place was the DJ!!! At least on the Friday night I went. He was playing an awesome collection of 90s R&B and rap.  My friends and I were the only ones dancing in the center of the floor but nobody seemed to mind.Good crowd, good service, great music!
4	Decor is one of a kind in Montreal. Prices are average for St Laurent's bars.Good variety of cocktails and shots. My advices : If you don't know which one to pick, just get the Capricorn shot.Best night to go: Friday when DJ Mister Goodman is playing (Mix of top 40, hip hop, house, 90's). Just go there, get a drink and dance like no one is watching.
