3	Las Vegas is a city dominated by super-huge liquor warehouses. From time to time I will still pop into Sin City Liquor even though there is a Lee's a couple blocks away. Despite being smaller, they still manage to meet or beat other store's pricing on items pretty often... And they deliver! There is a small charge for the service, but chances are it's cheaper then a DUI would cost. Just saying...
5	Sin City Liquor is a great place to go for your alcohol needs. They have a wide variety of beers and liquors to suit your needs at excellent prices as well. Along with a selection of Cigars and many different cigarettes.Sin City Liquor is an even better place to go for all of your Hookah and Shisha needs. They carry Al Fakher, Starbuzz, and sell Chronic Hookah Coals. They will soon be carrying Tangiers Tobacco and Khalil Mamoon Hookahs. If you need a new hookah or are running low on coals and shisha. Stop by Sin City Liquor and re-stock on all of your hookah supplies.
5	very satisfied. been trying to find a certain beer for a long time. came into sin city liqour and they special ordered it for me will be back again and again and again.
4	I believe this is under new ownership. Decent selection of beer and spirits at competitive prices. This is probably a "quick stop" place for your booze needs, since it is much smaller than Lee's, but has most of the basics. The owner/co owner was a very sweet woman. I believe her son was there as well and he immediately asked if I needed help finding anything.  I was pleased with the service. This is definitely a mom and pop quick stop for your liquor needs.
5	Great location and great prices. Its on my way home right when i get off the freeway. Always happy to stop by this place. Good hookah tobacco selection also. Thanks guys!
5	Love, love, love this little place!  I've been telling all my friends about it.  We need more small businesses like this in our community's.  The lady in the front is very nice and friendly/  I asked if they might consider carrying milk so I didn't always have to run in to Von's to get it (since its at the back of the store and there's always lines) when I'm in a hurry.  She took my number and called me 4 days later saying she had ordered 6 gallons and had them for me when I came by.  They also have my fav red wine..Apothic Red and its only a dollar more than Von's so I'm in!!  They also deliver which is awesome..
5	I hosted 28 people for a party at a hotel on the strip and Sin City provided the chilled champagne. beer and whiskey.  They delivered it to the hotel at the specified time and all went according to plan.  I highly recommend them!
