4	A small oasis in the center of the city. Water, benches, picnic tables, sculptures, and nice grass. I know, grass seems funny to mention but I say so because I can see having a picnic here without sitting in dirty or feeling all scratchy.
5	Tired of shopping for Indian jewelry and Arizona souvenirs in Old Town, well head on over to this amazing oasis right next door. Wander around and check out the fountains, the grass, and the public art, including an installation of Robert Indiana's famous LOVE sculpture. You'll immediately see why Civic Center Mall is consistently ranked as one of the top places in the Valley to take pictures and you're quite likely to see a professional photographer there taking photos for a wedding party or a quinceanera. Civic Center Mall is also the site for lots of festivals so you might end up getting food at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival or shopping at the Scottsdale Arts Festival. If you want to check out more art, wander into the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art (SMOCA) or see a show at the Scottsdale Performing Arts Center. Finally, grab a bite to eat or a drink at AZ88 or Distrito, both of which border the mall. All in all, you can't go wrong at the Civic Center Mall!
5	I've worked several events that have taken place here. This is a great place for events such as the culinary festival, beer festival etc. The land is very well kept and always look fabulous! The security is always very friendly and make me feel safe. This is also a great place to take a stroll or head to for a nice bike ride. You can often come across some type of event taking place (art, food, entertainment festival) There are several shops restaurants even a library close by to keep yourself entertained! check this place out!
4	Civic Center Mall is a nice, scenic area that is part park, part photo op, part sit-under-a-tree-and-read-a-book. Adjacent to the Scottsdale Center for performing arts (SCPA) this outdoor area is a nice place to enjoy some quiet time when it's not being used by the performing arts center for shows.There are plenty of places to sit-benches and tables, along the fountains and in one of the several grassy patches. I volunteered for the SCPA and one of the events they hosted, a children's activity day, was held here. There was plenty of space for about 400 kids and was a great and interactive use for the space.The performing arts center also does use the space for outdoor performances-there's a small stage in the amphitheater-ish grassy area that could probably seat 500 people or so. Possibly more-I'm terrible at guestimates like that.This would be a fun place to take family or engagement photos-both of which I've seen go down here. Whether you need to clear your head or just want to enjoy the sun somewhere nice, Civic Center Mall is a great option!
4	If you have time to kill in Old Town I recommend a walk around the mall. It is beautiful with the art, flowers, waterfalls, etc.
5	This is such a lovely mall/park area!  It's perfect for strolling - there are fountains, a duck pond, a rose garden, even a smaller version of the famous LOVE sign, among the green lawns and occasional trees.  It's so pretty here that we see photographers out with families every weekend, posing their subjects in cute spots all over the park.  There is business access to all kinds of really neat stuff, including lovely restaurants with great patios (like AZ88), the library, the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts, Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art.  Even if you never go inside, all of these interesting buildings create a great ambiance. If your friends come in from out of town, bring them here :-)
4	What a nice open air park. I was in town hanging out with one of my sisters. My sister we were visiting had to be at work, so I found things to do and so glad I came across this gem of a spot. Very scenic, yet peaceful. Nice access to the storefront businesses of Old Town Scottsdale. Great photo ops. Family friendly. Lots of water features. I was really surprised from the check-ins on Foursquare that there were hardly any pics here. I added a few to enrich their experience. Thanks Scottsdale!
