4	I was going to give it three stars because of the philly dog.  The dog itself was really good but the steak topping needed salt and was a bit tough.  However, the new orleans dog was excellent.  It was a big andouille sausage covered with jambalaya which had a nice spice to it.
3	Big CIty Dogs executes with mediocrity an idea that I'm not crazy about in the first place.  I usually like my dogs with straight up ketchup and mustard but I figured I'd give the loaded dog craze a shot since the place was new. If you are going to put that much stuff in one meal all of it had better have enough taste to stand out.  I got the El Paso dog, which is actually a chorizo sausage. Maybe I'm spoiled by taco truck chorizo but there was just no zip. Good, but no zip. The ground beef they add has no sauce or flavor and serves mostly as a gravely, greyish filler. The salsa was tasty and I like that ther was enough bun to hold the whole shebang, but all in all it was middle of the road.I get that I am not the target audience for a loaded hot fdog place but I would still like to see the flavors pumped up in order for those who do want their wiener with the kitchen sink to get the most out of Big CIty Dogs.
2	I, like another reviewer, really wanted to like Big City Dogs.  The menu sounds great, but it pretty much stopped there.  It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't good enough for me to say that I will give them another shot.  I'm thankful I had a Groupon!
4	I stumbled across this location when I thought I was going to get wings from BWW...I was pleasantly surprised with the menu. Every dog I saw get ordered looked so good.Being from Chicago I was very skeptical...because of this I skipped the Chicago Dog because I thought I wouldn't be a fair judge...so I ordered the Charlotte Dog and YAY!  It was FAB!Very clean inside which is always a huge plus.  It's almost like a Subway style inside, you can see everything happening around your food.I'll be back when I'm in the area!
1	Wasn't good at all.
