1	Keller n' Jadd2445 W. Horizon Ridge Parkway., Suite 100 Henderson, NV 89052www.vegas4rent.comDO NOT RENT OR BUY FROM KELLER N JADD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I will tell you in complete detail of how Keller N Jadd f*cked us!  So my brother in law recommended us to them because he did business with them.  Got us a rental house at an ok rate.  We lived there for 2 years.  One month we accidently paid the rent twice.  It turned into this whole ordeal and we were classified as a "problem rental".  Never received good customer service.  And since the staff has no manners, we were always sh*t on when we had a problem.So while we lived there, the customer service was always late.  Dishwasher broke or the washing machine broke, fixed but fixed later when it was convenient for them.  My brother in law told me a story of how a bunch of strippers lived at one of their properties and destroyed it.  Paint, holes in the wall, trash, you name it, they did it.  They received their entire deposit back?!?We moved out and I got a huge bill in the mail.  $1300 in total so our $1100 deposit was gone.  I had my brother in law contact the owner 3 times.  Guess what?  He never responded....typical!Here are the Damages they claimed with explanations.1.) Paint walls, remove nails, fill holes - $760, Bull Sh*t!!  We asked them if we could paint and they said it was ok.  And they came by to check it out during the inspection and the guy said it looked nice.  2.) Light bulbs, Air Filters, Door stops - $35, I changed light bulbs all the time and air filter once a month, and who would take door stops?3.) Remove TP holder from above light switch/repair holes/remount - $25,  My bad, I thought it was in a stupid place...4.) Repair loose towel bar in bath and master bath - $20, Are you kidding me?  That was loose when we moved in.5.) Replace broken slats for slider blinds (back door) - $45  Ok a couple of the plastic sh*tty blinds broke, but $45?  Really?6.) Reinstall Smoke Alarms - $15 - they never worked properly and always beeped so I disabled them.  Just a sh*tty product.7.) Remove satellite dish from stucco/repair stucco and paint - $30, I was in a hurry to move so I didn't care.8.) Missing Keys - Garage opener, mail box, front door - $70 - don't let your roommate leave without giving your keys back...word of advice.  9.) Republic services verified zero balance, no final bill provided - $45  BULL SH*T,  I gave them a copy with my last rent check.I know that this is drawn out, but whatever I can do to help people choose where to live and avoid Keller N Jadd at all cost...I'm will to do a lot.  BTW, I didn't want to pay the $190.00, so I didn't.  They sent me to collections.  I then paid because I want my credit rating to not be affected.  This is the next best thing.  I guarantee if you rent or buy from them you will write a similar review in the end!!!!  Have a great day!DO NOT RENT OR BUY FROM KELLER N JADD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I have been renting from Keller n jadd for about 3 years now and its been a great experience. every time i have a problem I email or call the owner Rick Keller and everything  is taken care of right on time,If you are renting from them or thinking of renting from  my advice is be patient sincere and honest with them and all will be well .thank you Rick and your wonderful team.sincerely Roseanne .
5	I have used Keller N Jadd to rent my home in Las Vegas for a year and a half. Rick the owner goes above and beyond to help explains things and if there are every any problems with contractors or tenants he will be there to give you his expert opinion. Troy in maintenance will help you replace appliances or fix damage quickly but at a fair price and will get more than 1 bid if thats what you would like but in my experience they have weeded out all the bad apples already and usually who they recommend is usually the best option. A+ Highly Recommend!   Will gladly be a reference if your unsure of who to use to manage your property
5	The owner Rick & his staff helped me lease out my rental home. Their process was very thorough & complete. The staff, especially Pearl was super awesome to deal with. Lots of communication & follow-up which made the experience easy to understand & handle. I recommend!
5	Mr. Keller along with his incredible staff are always so friendly and eager to help in any way possible.  It's very rare that we get the opportunity to work for a Property Management Group like Keller N' Jadd.  We strongly recommend this firm to all potential Nevada renters and buyers.
1	I will never us this company again and will go out of my way to sway anyone I talk to, also to never use them.  They have never heard of normal wear and tear of the property if your place doesn't look exactly the way they expect it to be you will lose most of your deposit, and it not a little one.
1	I used Keller and JADD management for about a year to rent my apartment and I was not impressed.  I was constantly speaking to a new employee and nobody who I'd spoken to about matters previously still worked there. I am not sure why the have such I high turnover rate but it leads to serious management and liability issues.  Nobody has a clue what the last (absentee) employee did or said.   The cherry on top is when I took over managing my unit last month,  I found my unit in disrepair with numerous damages!  I spent a few thousand dollars repairing the walls, paint, carpeting, tile, two doors, and a new garbage disposal.  The deposits had all been returned and no notes or mention of the damages had ever been brought to my attention!   If you value your investment I recommend finding a quality management firm.        WHY IS MY REVIEW NOT RECOMMENDED !!!
1	I will never use this company again, they are horrible. The apartment I moved into was not cleaned properly and when I asked why they said because the cleaning lady doesn't clean that part?! What? So window seals and base boards do not need to be cleaned. They take weeks to fix anything or they tell you they can send someone and you can pay the bill. They are not helpful at all. They purposely ignore your phone calls, but answer your emails very unfriendly. The apartment I rented needs serious help and they have sent people to do horrible jobs at fixing it and then gave me the materials and told me to keep it up by fixing it myself instead of replacing what needs to be replaced. Never, ever rent from them. They have no idea what customer service entails. Even if you find an apartment that you think is a great price, and they are friendly and helpful in the beginning, do not do it. My friend in a completely different apartment, but rented through them, is having the same issues (we rented at the same time). If you are going to believe any yelp review, believe this one. Save yourself time, money and stress, DO NOT rent from here!
4	We've been renting a home managed my Keller n' Jadd for a couple months now. Upon moving in, it seemed like every time we turned around, there was something else that wasn't working as it was supposed to. Sarah has been on top of ensuring that all our needs have been met and she has been on top of making sure that all of our appliances have been working properly. Not only that, she has made sure that all work orders have been expedited quickly. Thank you for taking such good care of us.
