4	Cactus Wren has all of the small touches to make it a great dog park.  There are three different sections (1 for small dogs, 1 large section for large dogs, and 1 section for miscellaneous).  There are plenty of benches and chairs (so dog owners can move the chairs into the shade on hot Vegas days).  There's a water fountain with a dog fountain right outside the park gates.  And the people and dogs that frequent the park are friendly and knowledgeable about dogs (at least the folks who visit in the mornings are).  All in all, it's a great place for pups to play.
4	Our pups liked going to this park.  Liked all the grass and the pavilion for some shade/place to sit.  Well lit at night as well, which was nice.
5	I had wanted to go to this park for awhile...I could see it from St. Rose Pkwy but didn't know how to get there.  Thankfully my co-worker knew how to get there and gave me directions.  If you are coming from the 215, headed S. on Eastern then you will take a Left at Ione.  Follow the brown "Cactus Wren City Park" signs and you're there!  My favorite part is all of the grass.  It's hilarious to watch my dogs roll around on it!  I also appreciate the 3 separate dog areas.  There isn't a specific designation for small, large and mixed so you can take your dog in whichever one you prefer.  I haven't had any issues with people or other dogs here.  Everyone has been very friendly.I'm an Assistant Organizer for a French Bulldog Meet Up group and this is the Henderson/South Las Vegas location I designated for our meet ups.  I'll definitely be back!
4	When I passed through here hiking on the City of Henderson Trail System [ CHTS] in Seven Hills, I stopped to spend a few minutes in Cactus Wren Park (a couple hours ago).  From my observation, the dog park is one piece of this neighborhood park. There are other pieces that include a baseball field and a skate park.    Cactus Wren Park offers a  spectacular vista of the Las Vegas Strip. Especially a few feet away from the dog park, on the adjacent St. Rose Parkway pedestrian bridge, where I went on a picture taking binge.   I love hiking trails (when it is not 100 degrees). Cactus Wren Park is one jewel of many scattered throughout  the CHTS. Because Cactus Wren Park is contiguous to the CHTS, I am a fan. Dog Owners will be a greater fan knowing that the CHTS is a dog friendly trail system.
4	Wow, or Bow Wow?????I started to come here when I tood a three month sabbatical.  Great place.1.  Three fenced in areas, although not sign posted, the large middle one is for the huge dogs and the two on the side are usually where the smaller dogs or difficult dogs go.2.  Facilities - Very nice, seating in each, garbage bins, the plastic bags are usually filled, and rarely empty.3.  Grass - An issue, in the winter, it is dried up and almost dirt like. When they water, it becomes mud.  Not fun for clean up.4.  People - Overall, the dogs bring overall nice owners. Most are friendly, and will engage in a conversation.  Most control their dogs well, however, most do not do well in the clean up section on aisle 4.  Come on folks....5.  Sticks and Mesquite Beans - The mesquite trees give off the bean pods which will fall to the ground and the dogs like to eat it.  I was a bit nervous and found out that unless they eat a ton of it, it is not harmful.  This only occurs i believe in the fall for a few weeks.Overall nice place.  Check it out!
3	This place is right around the corner from the house. Its a good place to take your dog and let it run around for a little bit. Its nice that there are different sections for each type of dog (Small, Medium, Large) so your purse dog isn't mauled by a real, full sized dog. As with all dog parks its up to the dog owner to make it enjoyable or not... It drives me nuts that there are a few people that insist on showing up with their dogs and refuse to scoop their poop or be respectful of others.
3	Love close proximity to our neighborhood and easy access for those utilizing the expressway... The thoughtful "Size Pens" for small/med/large breeds allow both dogs and owners piece of mind that their pets can mingle amongst their own size.  Above average ammenities continue with chairs and benches providing shade from Vegas' rays... TWO PAWS UP!
4	We just recently got cleared by the vet for our dog to start socializing post vaccination series. So we decided to venture out and try out some dog parks. We had already passed 2 this day and they were really small and there were no dogs around, this one was gonna be our last try. Cactus Wren is a nicely kept park, softball field, kids play area, and a nice off leash dog area with 3 separate runs. There was only one other person there with 2 dogs, he was really friendly and offered to introduce his big dogs so to our pup one at a time. They had a blast wrestling in the grass, there's lots of space for them to run around and blow off steam. We plan to check out a bunch of dog parks so we can decide which is best. But we will definitely return to this park.
4	This was my first time at this park. It was for my nephews 1st birthday party.They have different areas to choose from to reserve for the day.  We had a covered picnic area that had 4 good sized picnic tables and a huge bbq grill.  The cost was $50 to have the spot for the day. The kids were able to play on the playground and run and play football in the large grassy area.I noticed it is a dog park too! Had I known they had such a nice dog park area I would have brought my 2 fur babies. I will bring them back another time for sure!The restrooms were clean and didn't smell bad.If you want to reserve a spot for a Saturday I suggest at least giving them a 3 week notice to ensure you get that day.
4	great park with a little bit of everything, fenced dog areas (with dog level water fountain,) multipurpose field for soccer and baseball, walking trails, covered play area, swings, skate/bmx park and access to the st rose over crossing.
5	We have taken our pup here three times, and we have not ever been disappointed. The three play areas are of a good size, and the owners are friendly and understanding of our puppy's typical "puppy quirks."The water fountain is great, too.
4	I have taken my dog here 5 - 6 time. There are plenty of space with three sections,1 big one usually people with big dogs are using, and 2 small ones. It is nice place that you can talk to other dog owners and let your dogs play together. Also It is always pretty clean which means everyone clean after their pets. (I'm sick of dog owners don't clean after their pets but you notice there are surprisingly many of those owners out there, if you take a walk on St. Rose Parkway Trail just nearby this park.)My dog is not good at being around too many other dogs so I try to avoid busy times and when I took her after dark one time, I didn't feel safe enough just because there were not enough lights and went home so I with there were more lights at night time. Other than that, it's a great dog park.
3	Being a dog trainer, I have gone to many dog parks in Las Vegas an Henderson. Although there are many parks that are cleaner, nicer, larger and more accommodating to families and definitely more accommodating for parking, this park isn't the worst on the list. Parking as I mentioned above is scarce. A parking "lot" is not existent. This park is smack dab in the middle of a neighborhood which is great for saftey, however disgruntled homeowners are prevalent. A tip for you is "don't park near someone's home!" I definitely know I'll return to this park, frankly because it's close. But my suggestion to Las Vegas and Henderson is this..... Other states like Oregon have a card system in order to get into their top dog parks. The card is connected to the city which has vaccine records on it. Pet owners have to pay at the city a fee to get the records for vaccines put on the card. If the vaccines expire the card gets turned off. Obviously there's a card swipe system in order to get into the gate of the park. No current vaccines on the card then you don't get entry to the park. Highly suggest this so that Las Vegas and Henderson do not have outbreaks of disease or parasites! Also the information of the pet is on the card as well.The pet has to be spayed or neutered to get a card and must be licensed with the city! To me it's a no brainer! But again it is Just a suggestion!
3	I'm a fan of it  being within close proximity to my house, but the fact that the dog park comprises of mainly dirt makes me less than excited to bring my dog here. The park is never too busy and the owners I have encountered have trained their pups well. Any chance I have to Momo socialize with others is great. Being located next to the interstate makes it loud and chaotic. Most of the dogs stick to the inner areas due to the noise. The play areas are broken down into three sections; large, small, and mixed dog parks. I usually like to put her with the mix due to her fascination with small canines. Just keep an eye out so that our tiny friends don't get hurt.The grass area in the middle of the park is fantastic for her to run around in, but it is less than ideal when their is a full crowd.
4	It can get dusty out here since there's no grass. But the dogs all love it and they're not bothered by dust! I just recently started coming here with a dog that I'm fostering and I've met a few of the regular dogs and their owners. Nice people and it's interesting to come into a community of people I didn't know existed. Dog owners are generally nice people with a lot of patience. Many strike up conversations to get to know your pet and tell you about theirs.I've never had an issue with parking. It's been easy every weekday morning even at the busy time of 8:30 to 10:30am. Most mornings before 10am you'll find a lot of dogs at the park. You'll get another group out there towards the end of the day too.I've gone there around 12 or 1pm and there's folks out there too. It's rare that we're out there alone.
