5	The Jordandal Cookhouse is a small takeout storefront recently opened by Jordandal Farms, known in the Madison Area for quality meats. The menu has a variety of sandwich-centered options centered around those meats with some additional items available during dinner. We ordered the Bahn Mi and the Ginger-Soy chicken. Both were very good. The Bahn Mi had sausage, ham and pork pate on a delicious, crispy french roll. The chicken came with rice noodles and lettuce for wrapping. And both came with a choice of a side - we got sweet potatoes w/ bacon & a corn-based salad.Located in a small strip mall about a mile from Epic's Campus (which, I'll assume is the reason you are searching Yelp for food in Verona, WI), the interior is small, with just enough room for a takeout counter, a fridge and freezer. There were a few chairs and a table outside.If you're staying in Verona for Epic-related business, and aren't looking to venture into Madison for food, Jordandal Cookhouse would be my first (and only) recommendation.
5	Outstanding high-quality food, great menu options that change frequently, great service! They are very accomodating to specific dietary needs (grain-free, dairy free, etc...).   Also an easy place to find things my kids eat.  Mac and Cheese, small containers of fruit, sausage/cheese, etc...  We are addicted.
5	Best take out in Verona!!!!!  Everything is good, I am especially fond of the pork tacos, loaded grill cheese, and flour-less peanut butter M&M Cookies.  Made from scratch with a chef's touch.  My hubby enjoys anything with pork or beef.  I have also tried a number of their specials and I have never been disappointed.  The owners are always there and the service is stellar.  Do yourself a favor and wait the 7-9 minutes for awesome take out.
5	Great local produced meats which turn into great sandwiches. Expanded menu after 4PM. Also have a special everyday for sandwiches as well. Highly recommended.
5	This place is great for quality takeout food.  It has a smaller menu, but everything is made from scratch and they use meat raised on their farm.  The people that run it are very friendly and provide great service.  We had the pork rib stew over egg noodles (huge serving!) and the cubano sandwich (comes with one side).  Both were very flavorful, no complaints.  We also snagged two flourless peanut butter M&M cookies at the last minute and we were not disappointed!  I would stop there just to get those cookies.  They have a daily special, which I am looking forward to trying soon.  Great carryout food is much needed, and theirs can't be beat.  Try it for yourself, you will not be disappointed.  Support local business!
5	Stopped in on a rainy, cold spring evening in search of some comfort food I could take home to a hungry family. The service was friendly and attentive - the girl behind the counter directed my attention to the daily special and she helped me choose from numerous delicious-sounding dishes off their normal menu. Food was produced quickly but clearly some preparation was involved (e.g. it wasn't scooped from a warming tray) and as I drove home it smelled great.  I live only few minutes away and we sat down to eat right away - but we had to reheat the food because the containers didn't keep the heat well. (That's my only complaint and it's a small one.) The food was otherwise delicious! We will definitely be back.
5	I would go there just for the smell alone.  Original dishes for lunch or dinner.  Plenty of healthy sides to choose from.Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Bonus points: Accidentally took a vegetarian with me and they made her a custom salad on the fly.
5	Super happy to have found this place.  The wife and I visited Jordandal one night on a whim, because cooking and doing dishes didn't appealing to either of us that evening.  We live less than three blocks away from this place, and had never been, which is kind of embarrassing now.  We quickly researched it, like people do now-a-days on the fancy internet, and I was sold on the concept alone.  As someone who values buying local as often as possible, I'm proud to have an establishment like this in the town where I live.  In short, the food was excellent, the service was friendly and fast, and the utility I got out of "eating local" and supporting my community made for an all around radical experience.         Brian S.
5	The best place for takeout in Verona. They don't have an extensive menu but what they do have is excellent.  I'd especially recommend the grilled cheese (with onions). Note that the restaurant is a take out counter and there are only a handful of picnic tables outside. So I'd advise going to a park or taking the food home.
5	Wow! Jordandal Cookhouse has made me a believer in farm to table goodness. Only, there are no tables. I had the Friday night rib special with the most delicious beans and cornbread. The meat fell off the bone and the BBQ sauce was tasty and tangy. Some guilt rushed through me as I thought of the pictures of the farm's pigs hanging on the wall next to the cashier, but then the deliciousness of the meal caused more primitive instincts to take over. Will definitely be back to try the salads and maybe the butterscotch pudding too...
5	The gal at the counter told me the food was "life changing".  I was clearly suspicious my life would be changed; however, I don't think my palate will ever be the same.  I had the Jerk Chicken Sandwich and the flavor was out of this world.  What a culinary explosion in my mouth.  YUMMO and DEELISH.  I love the concept of takeout only as we like to eat in the comfort of our home and love all the variety of ingredients they use in their food.   I'll be back to try everything on the menu!!  Please don't close!
5	Amazing! I've loved their local meat at the Farmers market and was so happy when they opened the cookhouse.  I live downtown, but if I'm anywhere near the west side, I make sure to pick something up.  I love the grilled cheese, mac and cheese, the rachel, the muffaletta.  I want to try everything.  I love the amazing options of sides you can get, I've had the veggies and hummus, cheese and sausage, and a wonderful citrus quinoa salad.  If you haven't picked up their bacon, ham, creme fraiche frozen pizza, you are missing out.  Also take the opportunity  to pick up some of their frozen meats or prepared items while you're there.
5	Gotten about 15 different things here and not once have I been disappointed!
5	Just had the Turkey wrap with corn tomato salsa as a side. It was awesome. Small place, pretty much takeout only, there is a small table and picnic table out side. Friendly service.
4	Only place in Verona worth eating in my book (that's not the Epic cafeteria). Best meatloaf ever (a little spicy, great sides). Really good sandwiches. Only complaint is the cold sides don't usually do it for me. OK, and that they took away the beer and bacon brussel sprouts hot side which was fantastic.The portion sizes for sandwiches are smaller than you might expect, which only reduces them to the appropriate size in my opinion, but if you want a lot of food for your money, you may not feel like you got a good deal.
5	Good place for takeout. I tried today's specials and got impressed by its fresh and quality.It's a small place but everything is cute and traditional. Will definitely come again.
5	Delicious, creative, unexpected, unique!I will make sure I stop here every time I'm in the area!
4	So apparently there's this thing called seasons and they affect when things are available (brussel sprouts are back)!
4	I had the Banh Mi. It had tremendous potential, but was just a touch unbalanced (not enough acidity/tartness). Still very good/worth it. The sides were lame. Overall this place is a gem.
5	Some of the cold sides like the broccoli, apple spice bread, and banana bread have really stepped up the sides. The bahn mi has become one of my favorites...a great, hearty version with big fat sausages.  The meatloaf was gone and has come back...but it's been missing the smoke and spice which made it truly stand apart. I usually get the specials, which are always great. The ham steak from a few weeks ago was a standout.
5	Jordandal Cookhouse is Amazing!! If you want local FRESH food that is cooked with excellence, you have to try this place.  It's pretty much take out only, but is totally worth it. So far I've had the Cubano, Pork Tacos, Hummus plate and their homemade wings.  Everything was really tasty!  I cant wait to try their ribs on a Friday night, and everything else they have on their menu.
5	Though prices are a little on the high side, you can tell the ingredients are of a high quality. The service is friendly and efficient, and the menu offerings are unique and creative. I felt welcomed when I went to try it out, and would love to to back. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich with spicy slaw and got the glazed sweet potatoes side for $10. I really enjoyed it-- I thought the flavor was excellent and the quality/quantity of meat was great, especially compared to the other lackluster sandwich spots around Madison.
2	I visited Jordandal after it was highly recommended by a friend of mine... stopped by on my way home for takeout.  There weren't that many selections but I opted for the Cubano sandwich.  After about a 10 minute wait (one other couple had placed an order ahead of me) I got my brown paper bag and headed home.  My first disappointment came when I took my sandwich out and saw how puny it was.  For $9.50 I expected a little more (even though it does come with a large side, which I didn't really want to begin with).  My second disappointment came when I saw that the "roast pork" specified on the menu (and expected by me) wasn't roasted & sliced pork at all, but a skimpy smear of pulled pork.  The final disappointment came after my first bite, when I realized there wasn't much flavor to be had in the sandwich at all, and I was much too far away from Jordandal to complain.  It's highly unlikely I'll be back.
5	Real farm food, real good dishes.A to-go only place that has fresh veggies and tasteful meat. The entries they serve taste at least on-par if not better comparing to Epic's. Though the price tag is high I might still prefer getting things from this place just for the fresh and healthy veggies.
3	Very nice food with good ingredients.  I tried taco and beef sandwich.  They can be rated very high.However, I don't think I can afford the super high price again.
5	Their sandwiches will blow your mind. They are hot, flavorful and full of quality meat/cheese. Definitely not the cheapest I've had, but well worth it. If you want cheap go to subway.The Patty Melt is a gift to your taste buds. One bite and I thought I had died and gone to heaven. The bacon mayo is a perfect compliment to the juicy burger. I can't even describe how perfect this tastes you just need to go try for yourself.Friends also love the Cubano and the bean and beef burrito. The sandwiches come with a side and there are some good ones to choose from. If you're near Verona and want take out, please give Jordanal a try!
2	I've now tried the patty melt (beef patty on rye), the turkey melt (turkey sausage on rye with berry jam), the southwest beef and bean wrap, and the sweet potato side (eww), the poblano corn and bean salad (very good), and the bacon potato salad (blah) and the celery soda (interesting but not worth repeating).I was kinda of disappointed as the patty melt was not a 'gift to [my] taste buds' as one reviewer has mentioned. It was super bland. Also, the rye on both the sandwiches were way way too crispy. Way over fried.I might make my way back to try a rib night or something else for a second shot. If I do I look into revising my score but for now I was a very disappointed.
5	This place is the best lunch food in town!  And I can't wait for the dining room to open in November. All local food on this diverse menu.  Most options come with your choice of side.If you have not,  stop here for sure!
3	I guess I need to go back here because it sounds like I am one of the few not to walk away satisfied and excited to come back. I had the fish tacos, which must have been a seasonal special, but I found them to be pretty mediocre. I would have preferred more fish, less tortilla (especially because the tortillas must have been stale or something, as they kept cracking and making the dish difficult to eat. I came here during lunch one day since it's so close to Epic, and thank god the only picnic table outside was open, or I probably would've been eating in my car. I did like my cucumber salad side, though.I thought it was a little expensive for some very average fish tacos, but my friends all rave about it so I'll probably give it another chance. I think it would be nice if there were more light options, since everything was pretty heavy (either really cheesy/meaty, mayo-s, etc.). Normally I'd like this, but I guess on that way I was looking for something healthy...
4	Spectacular food, all super fresh. Love the bahn mi. They just expanded their place and have decent sized seating area now, too.
2	This is my update after giving Jordandal a second try.This time round I sampled the nachos with pulled pork which comes with two different salsas and a orange infused sour cream along with the friday night special of pork ribs with bbq beans, slaw, and cornbread. Dessert was a jar of butterscotch pudding.It is with great dismay that I can not up-rate my previous scoring of 2 stars.Once again I simply did not enjoy the food. I think the chef and I have a very different view on the flavors that jive. I simply thought the sweetness of the pork and flavors of salsa and cream did not compliment each other. The ribs, though fall apart moist, were covered with a dry rub and bbq sauce that I did not care  for and the beans were undercooked and the slaw bland (I could not finish the ribs, beans, or slaw).I wish Jordandal the very best and encourage folks to give them a try. Perhaps you will like it...? but I can not fairly rate them any higher.
5	This is the best quick food option in Verona. Hands-down. The sandwiches here are delightful, delicious, delectable. Great ingredients in great combinations. Plus, it's affordable. I recommend calling in orders ahead. This place can get popping around the lunchtime rush.The Banh Mi isn't exactly what you would expect given the name, but it's a delicious sandwich. Don't compare it to the Vietnamese cuisine. It is great as a lunch sandwich.I felt the same about the jerk chicken sandwich. It's delicious, but not exactly what I was expecting. They tout local ingredients, and I haven't been disappointed yet. The cold sides are a nice addition. Too often you get chips/fries with a sandwich. The sides are varied and cater to different tastes.To summarize, these sandwiches might not be what you expect, but the kitchen always crafts a sandwich worth eating.
