4	We stopped by Morris Costumes to check out their Halloween selection.  While Morris carried similar supplies and new, bagged costumes that other Halloween stores in the area have (and some they don't), we also found that they carry a HUGE supply of rental costumes for all occasions.  When you want to dress up like a giant dalmatian and stand outside waving down traffic, this is the place to go.  When you want to play dress-up-like-a-wench and have a wild night at home, this is the place to go.  They have row upon row of rental costumes you can flip through and try on.  They're open year-round, too, unlike most Halloween/costume stores.  They also carry a large supply of decorations and props for your home to scare the trick-or-treaters or to turn your home into a Halloween graveyard for your spooky party.  We were very impressed!
5	Amazing.  They have everything and the prices are very fair.  Tons of rentals too.
4	Looking for a costume and you've hit all the thrift stores around town?  Can't figure out where to find a jello mold for a brain?  It's the middle of July and you need some fake teeth to impress all your friends at that elite event next week?  Look no further than Morris Costumes.Back in 1960, actor Philip Morris (to my knowledge, no relation to the cigarette company formerly known by that name) started a costume company in the basement of their home.  With his connections, he rapidly became a supplier to many productions - apparently including a 1967 film clip that many know and love as "proof" that bigoot is real!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJjUt2sXo5oToday there are five stores and their Dr. Evil's Haunted House is one of the more popular attractions in the Charlotte area, with as many as eight events at the Monroe Road location for one price.  If you've never been in, you must check out this place.  It's almost too much to comprehend, even if you have seen it.Just make sure you get there early around big events, because costume rentals and even accessories can go quickly - they have a massive amount of stock, but it's not unlimited.
4	I could probably spend a solid 8 hours in this place.  They literally have everything your imagination could think of I think.  And if they don't have the whole costume, they have all the supplies to make the one you want happen.  My only visit just came about last week and of course it's near Halloween so the place was decked out with decorations of robotic scary zombies and the like.  They have your standard costumes (pirate, etc.) and then some of the classic horror movie characters from some favorites like Friday the 13th, Saw, etc. I love horror movies so I was like a kid in a candy store quite frankly.  One thing I didn't realize is they actually rent tuxedos too!
5	Looking for a costume? They have ANYTHING you could possibly want-or have the pieces to put together the costume you desire! And they're so helpful! They have "fun" dress up clothes also for the women who want to surprise their lovah with a little outfit... and they have full-costumes of animals like Rabbits (think Easter Bunny), Santa outfits, a full isle of Medieval clothing (think Ren-Faire), etc. You can rent (half the store is rentable costumes) or you can buy! And they sell costume makeup, wigs and accessories as well! Great prices! AND they're online!
5	I was really pleased with the service and the selection at Morris. Aisles and aisles of outfits and costumes and creative things if you're looking to play dress up. And not just "set" costumes - there are racks of random items that you can mix and match if you want to try and put together your own outfit.Whether it's a priest, Elvis, Santa, a cowboy, a mafioso, Michael Jackson or Abraham Lincoln, they have everything you need to put it together including all of the accessories. Prices are very good - my complete outfit was only $35 for the two days I needed it.Don't feel like you have to do it on your own. The folks who helped me put my outfit together were complete experts and knew exactly what to get and what was in stock. What a huge load off my mind!They also sell loads of stuff, including hats and accessories. A very large selection of naughties too! Wa-hey!
3	Morris Costumes has probably some of the best selection in perhaps in the state or even the entire southeast when it comes to costumes. If you can't find your Halloween costume here then I don't think you'll be able to find it many places. The downside is that they're really expensive. As someone who is really familiar with costumes, I can tell when something is overpriced. $33 for a low quality petticoat? No thanks. A lot of their costumes, especially costumes you can buy, are subpar quality and marked up like crazy. Their rentals are still pretty pricey and you don't get them for that long (about 3 days is the standard cheapest price) so if you're in an especially long production except to pay an arm and a leg. Short time frames are good for say Halloween but not for someone who needs it more than a couple of days. Their service has vastly improved over the years though. I used to be flat-out ignored by staff a couple of years ago but the other day ago when I went there I had so many people trying to help me out! I have no idea whether it's new management or someone complained but it's such an improvement!Overall if you need something for Halloween or a party I would stop here but if you're looking for something nicer or something for a longer period of time, I would look elsewhere.
5	Always great service. They are willing to work with you and find exactly what you are looking for. If they don't have it they get it. Great store, great prices, great service. I continuously use this store not only for costumes but for decorating too.
5	This is my new stomping ground for dance wear and more importantly, dance shoes.  With two kids in dance, it's always something since they're always growing.  The little one was pretty frightened when she got up to the door and heard the fake humans on display for Halloween!  You had to be there.  The staff members are attentive and they always have what we need in stock.  I was going to pick up some cheaper tap shoes at Payless only to find out that they were cheaper at Morris Costumes!  Glad I didn't make that mistake...nothing against Payless but really?!
5	The service here was awesome. I recently started a beginner ballet class and I had no clue what type of shoes I would need or anything. The lady that helped me (I wish I could remember her name!!) was so helpful and informative. She helped me pick out my slippers and my stockings and even gave me a 10% discount! I will definitely be coming back here for Halloween costumes and more dance wear!! Thanks!
4	Great costumer service. The woman who helped us went above and beyond. The store was packed with costumes. I was a lot of fun walking up and down the isles. I'll do all my Halloween shopping there.
1	1 star is too generous for Morris Costumes. Unfortunately, it's the lowest rating possible to provide a review. Morris Costumes proudly sells and distributes a DISGUSTING skinned and chained dead dog prop. I can't even type out the description of it because it brings me to tears and makes me lose even more faith in humanity. This prop promotes and glorifies animal abuse, and Morris Costumes seems keen to continue to sell it and attempt to profit from it.Perhaps you may think Morris Costumes is not aware of the vile product being sold by their company. Well, not only are they aware of it, but the President and company representative Scott Smith has responded to numerous individual and media inquiries to state that this product is not offensive and that Morris Costumes will continue to sell this product.To you, Mr. Scott Smith, President of Morris Costumes - shame on you for standing behind this and publicly stating that "...I applaud your efforts but your efforts are being misguided and misdirected at the real root of problems today". Well Mr. Smith, YOU are contributing to the exact root of the problem. The problem is continuing to promote a vile product that promotes violence and animal abuse for the sake of a sale. I'm repulsed that you call yourself an animal lover and quote - "dog lover myself" - in your public form-letter statement response to media inquiries. So my efforts and anger is directly targeted and pointed at you personally, as well as your disgrace of a company.I will happily take my money to another costume manufacturer and place of business, and have personally embarked on a mission to make sure all of my friends and family do the same.
2	I'm not into the whole gore and blood thing which is pretty much what Morris seems to cater to mostly. I went here trying to find my 2yr old son a unique costume for Halloween and was greeted with a slew of gory animated characters at the door which I tried to hide from my son. I just don't think its appropriate at that age and wasn't expecting that to be the first thing we would run in to. I guess I should have known with it being a costume store the week before Halloween. Anyway we finally found the kids section but pretty much all of the costumes were the same generic ones you see at Party City or Walmart and not very many for toddlers either. The only one that we even thought about getting was $40 and we passed since neither one of us really liked it or thought it was very unique. I'm sure this store is great for adults or people that need costumes but from a parent of a toddler I wouldn't recommend going here.
1	If there could be lower than one star I would provide that. Customer service is sub par. The costumes are sub par. Dealing with them is like dealing with less the bright 5 year olds.  The concept of the customer is right is not accepted by Morris Costumes.  IF you can avoid this individual and or people do so at all costs.  Horrible Horrible horrible
1	Halloween is my all time favorite holiday so I tend to go over-board and spend more money than I should.  Every year I have a halloween party.  I am a really good customer at Morris Costumes in this location: 4300 Monroe Rd. Charlotte, however during  my last visit I was very taken aback by the woman (older woman) that owns the store.  You have to ask to try on the wigs behind the counter, so I did and then I proceeded to put the wig on and look at it in the mirror by the dressing room. The owner came over and said to the young girl manning the booth "Watch her" as I was trying on the wig in a tone as if I was going to walk off with it!!!!  First of all I am a grown woman who is a faithful shopper, probably one of their best, I have 2 kids and I am a business owner myself why on earth would she ever get the impression I was going to steal her wig is beyond me!  I would never do that and didn't give her any reason what so ever to think I would!  She said it loud and embarrassed me and made me feel like a criminal.  I said, "don't worry I am not going to steal your wig" and that made her get even more of an attitude and she said "I don't want someone like you shopping here, leave"  OMG never in my life has something so surreal like this ever happen to me. The woman sorry to say is delusional.  Not a good vibe with friendly customer service in there, they just eagle eye you thinking the worst which is unfortunate because they had some good items but it makes you not want to give your money to such a crazy person. Although the store is big it's not the "IT" store to go to for costumes, she should be careful because now a days there is a lot of competition out there with Halloween stores opening, so why be treated like that and why support her and give her your hard earned money when you can go somewhere else?  On-line, party city, halloween stores that just open space for the holiday to just name a few!  Get treated with respect when you shop!  I felt very violated.
5	Ok, my daughter was dressing to be Elsa for a Make a Wish event for a little girl. She ordered a wig on line and it was to small. I called ahead and they said they could help. The first two people int he place were not super friendly but then an angle came alone. she allowed us to try on a few and helped explain how to get the wig on. She was just so helpful we will be back for any future costumes. They do have a large variety or wigs and costumes for what I could see. I just love good customer service and I am glad we waited around long enough to have this lady help us. She was the best
4	It seems like I always need a costume or props for something. Morris Costumes to the rescue! You can find a little bit of everything here... costumes for kids and adults, decorations, props, wigs, dance wear. You can even rent costumes. There's only thing I don't like about this place: the scary decorations at the front of the store. Big wuss over here. haha. If you have little ones, just keep that in mind during the Halloween season.Take a moment whenever you have time to read about the history of Morris Costumes on the website. It dates back to the 60s and it's a pretty neat story.
4	Most everything you could ever need in terms of costumes.  Dancewear section seemed to be really good for young dancers but slightly less so for adults (couldn't find what I needed).  Lots and lots of dance tights.  Few leotards and other staples.  Costume-wise:  Plenty of makeup, costume accessories, and complete costumes to rent or buy.  My inner theatre geek got very excited.
