3	As I was leaving the Ho'olaule'a Festival on Saturday I noticed a food truck parked on a road side. I decided to check it out....The first thing I noticed was the Island Sushi sticker on the truck and I instantly knew I had to buy something even though I was full already!!! The two guys working at the truck were very nice and informative about the food they have to offer. I wanted to know if the Teriyaki chicken was chicken breast (I only eat chicken breast) I was sad to hear that it was chicken thighs but was assured that all the fat was trimmed off and still low in fat. However, they do offer chicken breast with a dressing. The guy was nice enough to give me a sample and yes the sauce was flavorful and the chicken was moist not dry.I decided to sample the :Ola Wrap- Flat wheat bread with cold chicken breast and Honolulu Slaw.First off I never ever liked wheat bread so I don't know why I got this but I did and I tried a little piece of the bread- I didn't care for this. I will get white rice the next time.....The chicken breast was moist and the Honolulu Slaw was good- it was like a tangy cole slaw.Here's the thing- No, I wouldn't order what I ordered already but I do think that other people would really enjoy this option. Yes, I will continue to try other items on the menu , most likely items that I know I would enjoy. I did suggest that they offer healthier dessert options like Hawaiian cupcakes  made with egg whites. I appreciate that Island Breeze gives us another healthy alternative to eating as well as another food truck option and I hope everyone gives them a try!!!!
3	I have never been to the islands that is 2387 miles or so away from San Fransisco, but I do on a regular basis devour my Hawaiian options available in Las Vegas. Island Breeze is one of the newer food trucks that have been on my hit list for a while now, but I never had the chance since to give them a try since they are quite a distance from me... until today in which they were in the area where I was to do errands. At island breeze I ordered a regular kalua pig with brown rice and a toss salad. Also had a mini bento box of the teriyaki chicken. It seems that the regular size items are definitely deal as there is a healthy portion without a huge stack of calories added. The kalua pig that I normally eat is different compared to Island Breeze's. I am more used to a more fatty and salty version, but as a healthier alternative the Island Breeze version is a go. The teriyaki chicken from Island Breeze also seemed to be a healthier choice as the sauce was not as overwhelming as some places are, although my chicken was a little hard to chew, but perhaps it was an off day.Other items available were wraps, breakfast, fried noodles, malasada, and they also had packaged snacks such as dried mangoes. The service was quick and no complains. They take cash and card so no need to stop by the ATM to get some "kala" to feed your appetite.
4	Where's the Yelp love, people?! I'm kind of shocked that this place has so few reviews! I thought Vegas is supposed to be the 9th island & that Yelpers loved food trucks and would quest forth in search of deliciousness? I have followed these guys on twitter & facebook since they first opened, excitedly waiting for my chance to give them a fair try. I've eaten at the sushi restaurant they're associated with and we had an edible, although not especially memorable meal.Today, I finally tracked them down. It took a phone call after several laps around the wrong parking lot, but they were extremely friendly and helpful on the phone and I was able to head right over. Within 10 minutes and $17.50 later, I was driving home with;    Big bento box: Huge portion! I got kahlua pork & teri chicken for the boy. It comes with big portions of the meat plus a piece of fried spam, lots of rice, pickled radish, fried noodles and salt. Since J ate most of it, I have to take his word for it. He said it was mostly just mediocre. He pretty much ate all the meat but didn't have many of the noodles, which seemed to be simply noodles, fried, with maybe some soy sauce for flavor. The piece of chicken meat I sampled had a clean, sweet & soy flavor but was a little overcooked (chewy) and I felt the overall flavor of the kahlua pork was a little underwelming. I detected a bit of vinegar? It was pretty moist, though. $7.50Mini Kahlua bento box: A lot of food for a lady. :) I'm taking mine to work later for an easy, cheap lunch. I'll be taking a couple of packets of soy sauce, though, for added oomph. About half the size of the other container with all the same ingredients, it should be the perfect size for a filling lunch later in the day. $5Ahi tuna Island wrap: A small whole/multi-grain pita bread filled with lots of shredded, crisp veggies and a few pieces of ahi tuna. It had a light sesame flavored dressing that complimented the veggies without overpowering them- very light and healthy, though the chewiness of the flatbread is distracting. I think a thinner flatbread would have worked much better. $3Musubi: A thin slice of grilled spam- the same as what's used in the bentos- atop a huge block of plain white sticky rice with furikake sprinkled between the two and a band of nori wrapped around it's middle. There may have been a bit of a ponzu/soy sauce, but it didn't stand out much at all. It was just OK. I like the ones at Maui Rose better, though, for a better spam-rice ratio. $2Overall, the food does seem healthier than the saucy, syrupy things you're often presented with in  a lot of restaurants, so for that and the friendly, enthusiastic customer service I give them an additional star. I'm a big fan of restaurants offering real, vegetable-laden, healthy food. The most vegetable drenched offering we had with our lunch, though, was my tuna wrap. The meats were cleaner in flavor and the kahlua pork tasted a lot lighter than most pork dishes I've tried. Not a bad pulled pork offering but nothing to freak out about, either.I think with adequate feedback these guys could be great. They seem open enough that they'd be willing to listen to criticism. Give them a try & write an honest review, guys!  They won't bite! If you don't like pork they offer teri chicken & beef, as well as ahi poke for their wraps.
5	This place is awesome, its too bad not too many people know of  this place. Because they are affiliated with Island Sushi and Grill you get the same, if not better quality as them. Their healthy Ola Wraps are delicious, I usually get the ahi poke wrap with Honolulu slaw, their kalua pork wrap is also a winner. As for sides their corn and black bean salad is an awesome substitute to toss or mac salad.  Their bentos are fairly priced and you get a good deal because their portions are huge. They are just as good as I get them when have them back home in Hawaii.Aside from the food, the service is great there, the two guys that run the truck are very nice, they can help you out to pick a great meal if you are not sure what to order.I almost forgot! their Malasadas were really good, I would say not as good as Leonards(Hawaii) but its one of  the best you can get here in Vegas if you get it fresh.
5	I'm a southern california food truck eater and stumbled on Island Breeze while visiting Vegas. I hope the food truck rage catches on in Vegas because this truck offers comfort Island food at affordable prices.The ahi poke is delicious and the serving was not skimpy for the price. Same applies to the musubi, which was nice and filling. Todays special was the saimen, and for $ 3 it hit the spot on this cold, rainy day. I'm looking forward to try the plates next time.
5	I went to the business Costco & noticed the Island Breeze truck parked in the front. After reading the invasion of the food truck article on the las Vegas weekly, I was really excited to try their food. I really enjoyed their teriyaki chicken wrap. Very flavorful! It was soooo delicious! The guys were very friendly & the truck looked pretty clean. I like its Hawaiian style. I can't wait to come back again for more tasty food.
4	I made a quick stop at Costco (MLK & 95) this afternoon and saw the truck in the far end of the parking lot. I drove over and saw the staffer starting to close up shop. I asked if I could still place an order, and to my surprise, he was super friendly and said "Absolutely! Order whatever you'd like!" I was picking up lunch for a coworker too, so I decided on Asian Chicken Salad Wraps with side orders of the black bean and corn salsa. It was artfully prepared and the portion size was just right. I was expecting the wrap to be half the size for only $3! Everything was fresh and so tasty! The first thing I did when I got back to the office was find them online. I bookmarked their weekly schedule and am now following them on Twitter. I am so glad I stopped over and am looking forward to going back next week.
5	This is probably the BEST food truck that is going around in Las Vegas right now. Currently, this truck can be found on UNLV campus on Tuesdays and Wednesdays parked in front of the CBC-A building...this is where I always order food from them.So far, there hasn't been a single thing that I have tried that I didn't enjoy.I had the small bento box today and it was WICKED good. For $5, I got teriyaki chicken, white rice, fried noodles, and a slice of fried spam. Pretty good portion size too! I usually get the small Poki ($2.50) with a scoop of rice ($1), and that is even enough to fill you up if you're looking for a light lunch.On the dessert side, the Malasadas are delicious.The best part is that the guys who work the truck are SUPER nice as well. One day I had come up to the truck and they were out of small bento boxes, and bumped it up to a large free of charge. Talk about service!Check these guys out soon! Some of the best Hawaiian in town!
2	Sorry, not impressed. Went here during the First Friday art walk. Shared a bento box with the fiance. He said spam tasted old, I thought chicken tasted old as well. Noodles was nothing special. We did not finish half of the bento box. No thanks, I will go to have Hawaiian food at Island Flavor instead.
4	I finally had a chance to try this at Vegas Streats festival. Even though it was busy and there was many trucks backed up into ridiculously long and non moving lines, Island Breeze did breeze through their line. In 5-10 minutes I ordered and after just 3 numbers called I got my order. Ahi Poke Asian Salad Wrap ($3)- the fish went really well with the sesame vinegrette, crunchy wontons and crunchy greens. Fresh, light and tasty. Kalua Pork Kimchee Wrap ($3) - kimchee was strong tasting so I didn't really taste the pork as much, but it was good homemade kimchee.They're kinda like tacos, but the "wrap" has a whole wheat pita consistency than a tortilla. I think it works well, but I think it would be nice to have it a bit more heated for a better consistency. Overall, very good. Even though I didn't get to eat any other trucks because of the unorganized, chaotic lines, it was worth going to the festival to try this out. It's rarely near where I am but hopefully I can find this truck sooner than later to try more healthy Hawaiian.
4	Had this for lunch today. I was at 702 Raceway (Remote Control Cars/Trucks Race Track) and the announcer says in the loud speaker that the island truck was outside taking orders.. Hhhmmm never heard of that before, so of course I had to come see for myself or eat for myself!!I got hungry after reading the "Breakfast Menu" - "We use egg substitute which has Lower Cholesterol"Big Hawaiian: 2 Portuguese sausage, Spam, Kalua Pork, Fried Noodles (all that was left) and Scrambled Eggs. The sausage was better than most I've had and spam was good as any other. However the Kalua Pork was the Best I've had! Now, I've only had Kalua pork a few other times and they always tasted the same. Here it had a very mild smoked flavor, tender and not salty (a small cup filled with sea/rock salt is served on the side - addas you please, just how i like it!) Scrambled Eggs tasted no different than typical scrambled eggs (and healthier!), I think these were those Egg Beater types as mentioned previously. Last, the noodles were Great!!I also got my favorite "Hawaiian Sun" beverage = Guava! *Slurp*!Great Food, Service and Prices! I love island food and this truck is no exception!
3	The first time I tried Island Breeze, it was a quick snack between work and class and there the truck was - parked by UNLV's Lied Library.  I thought they were on campus Tuesdays and Wednesdays - got the santa fe wrap (whole wheat wrap with ahi poke and corn/black bean salsa) and it was a good little snack.Yesterday I was starving after working 7 hours and before 6 hours of class, I noticed the truck on a Monday no less in its spot.  I was a bit stumped because the truck was out of ahi poke, brown rice, chicken teriyaki....so it was hard to make a decision.  I ended up getting a "mini" plate lunch with beef teriyaki, white rice (I asked for furikake) and the corn black bean salsa.  It was huge for a mini, and very filling.  The meat was tasty but tough, the rest was fine.  The guy taking orders was so patient with me, and I certainly appreciate that.  It was enough so I could sacrifice eating dinner and go to Yelp Drinks instead after class without food in my belly.
5	05/07/11 DUNCH. That ahi & kim chee taco was BRILLIANT. Was that ahi RAW? Man, it was SO beautiful.
5	First timer. Saw it here on yelp and had to try it cause it was gonna be at UNLV tuesday and wednesday.  Got the kalua pork wrap w/ island slaw for $3. When I first got my container I was like "what is this cute little thing?". First bite "ohh man this is good." it was the combination of slaw, kalua, pieces of crispy wonton, and some sauce that made it the BOMB. You gotta try this place. i'll be back for the kalua pork plate $8 w/ island slaw $2 and see if they can hook me up with the wonton pieces and sauce. my mouth is watering right now and they're already gone.  tomorrow's lunch definitely. I'd pay at least $3 bucks for this tasty wrap don't let the size fool you. I've seen burger/taco places offer less food  for $5.
4	As you all know, I'm a lover of Spam Musubi and Malasadas (Portuguese donuts). I tend to get cravings for these treats at First Friday for some reason. This food truck is a lifesaver. They even offer a box for 6 of those yummy malasadas. Being a lover of Hawaiian food however, I feel bad for not really ordering anything else from this place. Hey, I want something small and fast to eat as I walk all around The Arts District. Stay tuned. I'll write a more in depth review when I finally get an actual platter and not just an appetizer and dessert.
3	Being from Hawai'i I always like to support Hawaiian influenced businesses. I tried this truck once at the first downtown Streats event. Just cuz they had the shortest line. Service was ok. Food: was okay. I got the taco, and for $3 bucks it seems a bit steep for the size and taste of it. It's not something I would crave or track down the truck for.I got a bag of malasadas too. They were pretty good, not bad. Warm and soft. which I liked!!! Cuz if I don't make'em at home I usually get them from the hula halaus that sell at Ho'olaule'a or other Hawaiian event.... theirs is usually cold. Mmmmmmmm... I want some malasadas now!
4	Good food. The potato salad is different than most places and very good. Try it even if you don't like potato salad.
