2	This review is difficult to write because it is so mixed.  The floral department is one of the best.  Greg in the meat department is extremely helpful, the management there is horrible.  The store certainly does not represent what Safeway should stand for.  I live in Goodyear part of the year and in San Ramon, California part of the year, they have a state-of-the-art store in San Ramon, one which would rival any speciality grocery store, so I know they can do it, the one in Goodyear is just horrible by conparison.  Often the food is even old.  The people are generally nice, but the management of Safeway needs to do a major update here and fix this store.
1	Went to meat/fish counter & asked employee when he gets his orders of fish in.  He looked @ me like I had 2 heads'  he said Tue (it is now Saturday).  I said ewww, no thank u.  He said but it comes frozen.  I said yes, but Freshly Frozen on Tue, Not Saturday.  I said it smells too.  He said fish does smell, i said Im from a fishing town, fish should smell like Salt Water!!Yuck
5	friendly people... Great place to grocery shop!!!
4	It's my 3rd time on a grocery run while on an out-of-town family vacation here at Goodyear. Hands down, this is the better grocery store than the one across the street. I went to the one across the street, and it was not a great experience. I went to this Safeway, and now I am writing as a returning customer!Safeway has very friendly service, considering it's Thanksgiving week celebration. We are cooking everything up while on a family vacation, to save us time and money. It's so important to have a reliable grocery store.I am content with the produce. I wasn't able to find foods as fresh and decently priced as the ones being sold at this Safeway market. This is why I came back to Safeway!The store layout is crowded, so it makes it hard when all the customers are maneuvering their shopping carts overflowing with Thanksgiving groceries. I wish the aisles were wider. There were plenty of open cashier lines to speed up the checkout process. There were also self-checkout lines for those who have very few items to buy.
4	This Safeway has friendly employees and a great selection of food and wines. This Safeway also has a gas station with pretty decent prices. I don't like that they have different prices for cash and credit, but that seems to be the way the world is going. All in all, though, this is a good grocery store.
4	Good, clean grocery store.  The produce was all pretty fresh, and they have a great selection of wine!!
