4	50 cent samosa's. amazing snack
4	Cheaper than most, organic, vegan/vegetarian grocery store with a great selection that will surely suit your taste buds' needs! Not only that, they also sell organic deodorants and soaps, among other organic hygienic supplies. By being a registered student at Concordia you also gain the benefit of a 25% discount, which definitely helps in the long run. I will no longer waste my money elsewhere unless I can't find it for a cheaper price at Le Frigo Vert. I'm so happy I found this place!
5	Pretty much the only place where I do my shopping (though now that Al Raji on Center's expanded, I'm not sure anymore).Frigo is small and wonderful and packed to the gills with stuff that's good for ya and is a heck of a lot cheaper than what you'd find it priced at in health food stores around the city. Oh - and screw that guy who wants the workers to be his best friends. They don't have to be. This is not a store - it's an amazing solidarity coop. The times I've gone in and overheard serious conversations by workers about the consideration that's gone into the products they're buying. One time, the store person warned me that he didn't know for absolute certainty that the date square I was about to buy was totally vegan but that they were looking into it. That totally cinched it. Especially when 99% of the commercial health food stores are selling shark-cartilage pomades and overpriced packages of nutritional yeast.
3	The staff are nice.The kitchen out back is a bit grungy though but I like the lounge area in the back although its a bit dark out there in the back-not much sunlight. Hmmm weird that they don't recycle in the kitchen.They always have unique items. I would criticize that their backed goods should have more can sugar free dried fruit free sweets, cakes, cookies since my body cannot tolerate that.Also some of their other products have sugar in them.Their prices are reasonable.I like that you can prepare cook in their kitchen. Also I like that you can buy nice teas and drink it out back.They close too early and are not open 7 days a week just 4 which sucks.
5	It"s worth it to become their member, a lot of organic and fair trade food and products (make up, soaps, shampoos, etc). A very small store but you can find almost everything you need.
3	Great place to pick up really cheap veg*items. Hours of operation kind of suck though.
