5	My husband, my 11 year old daughter, and I have been going to Dr. Hull for our dentistry for the past 3 years.  I have always hated going to the dentist because I have very "nervy" teeth and sensitive, receeding gums. I can honestly say that going to Dr. Hull has changed my attitude about seeing the dentist.  Not only is her office clean and cheery and equipped with state-of-the-art technology, her staff is friendly and professional and her exams are truly painless.  In addition, her hygienist, Linda, gives the most thorough cleanings that we have ever experienced.  I no longer dread going to the dentist - in fact, it's a pleasure.With regard to my daughter, Dr. Hull works and communicates closely with her orthodontist to be sure she is getting the highest level of dental care available.  Our whole family highly recommends having Dr. Hull as a family dentist.
5	Who ever likes to go to the dentist?!! But we only get one set of teeth so proper care is critical.  Dr. Caren Hull is the most extraordinary practitioner I've ever known.  I have had my share of work and I no longer tremble with the thought of seeing the dentist.  The care I've received is impeccable and my oral health has never been better.  The staff is very proactive with prevention too and the hygienist is very thorough.  Additionally, customer service is over the top!  I know they really care about my health and that I'm in good hands.  And Barb is so great about calling me to remind me of appointments!  This dental practice is the best!  Oh and I also moved to the north side of Phoenix but still travel to Scottsdale for my visits.
5	Dental hygiene/health is something that is very important to me, and it is something that I am very proactive about.  That is why I continue to go to Dr. Hull, and I will continue going to her as long as I live in Phoenix.  I know that I am getting quality dental care when I go to her and that I am in good hands.  You only get one set of teeth, so you have to take care of them!  Dr. Hull and her staff are very welcoming, friendly, and knowledgeable.  You can tell that they are committed to good customer service.  Highly recommended!
5	Dr. Hull is the best! She makes you feel so comfortable right away. She is so thorough and really explains well what she is seeing. I completely trust her and never worry about getting any work done because she is so gentle. It's amazing the difference it can make from one dentist to the next!All of her office staff is really great too. I always feel very well taken care of.Another bonus is that they are so good with kids! My daughter (9) actually looks forward to going in to get her teeth cleaned. Honestly, they're that good. I'm so happy to have finally found a dentist that my whole family can go to.
