4	Let's get this straight. Mekong Supermarket is NOT Mekong Plaza; it is one of Mekong Plaza's tenants. Other tenants include several restaurants and other establishments - for dentistry, electronics, services, even a food court. Some reviewers have equated the plaza with the supermarket, which is like saying that the entire Chinese Cultural Center is the Super L Ranch Market located there.The supermarket is huge, clean, and new; it also nicely fills a niche in Mesa, which has not had an Asian market of this magnitude until now.  It definitely gives Lee Lee a run for its money. In addition to aisles and shelves well-stocked (and sometimes overstocked) with Asian and other international foods, there is also a hot deli with prepared Asian foods, as well as a long fresh seafood section which includes live fish still swimming in holding tanks. I find many items priced lower than in the other Asian supermarkets, and the location is really convenient: Mekong Plaza, the complex it's in (I have to repeat that), is a block from the Mesa terminus of the light rail.
3	Sale items are much cheaper than Lee Lee Supermarket, but quality of produce is not as good.Lee Lee's meat department also looks cleaner.Good variety, similar to Lee Lee.
4	What a great place for Asian food. My wife and I like this place because it much closer than other Asian supermarkets. I mainly go there to buy ingredients to make my lunch at home. Dried noodles, sliced beef and pork, mustard greens, gai lan, baby bok choy and anything else that catches my eye. Much cheaper and way more variety than Safeway, our last resort.This past weekend, parking was horrific. There was an amusement park set up in half of the parking spaces. The was live Asian entertainment with rides for the children. We didn't stay long 'cause of Superbowl Sunday.
4	What i love about this store is how it caters to filipino goods. Instead of an aisle reserved to filipino products and goods this place has it all over the place. Some of the stuff they sell here are cheaper than Lee Lee and their produce selection is extensive and in an organized and clean setting. The drawback of this store is the rice selection which isn't as varied as well as the beer too. Lee Lee has all kinds of Asian lagers, this store lacks the San Miguel dark lager. Nevertheless there's still a good selection. The fish here is just as good as Lee Lee though and it's nice to get the packaged smoked eel and the seaweed salad. Unlike other Asian grocery stores this one has piped in music, and organized aisles. Overall this place is worth shopping at and can compete with Lee Lee.
4	Now I'm living close to Mekong, and it does satisfy me in terms of vegetables and fruit. It is a smaller and narrower version of Lee Lee's Supermarket, so don't expect to find all those products here.Still, good enough if the other one is farther from you.
5	I love this place! They have some of the freshest fish and a very wide selection. On any given night I can buy just what I need for dinner for 2, with leftovers, for around $10! The produce is of great quality and I can't seem to get enough of the pea shoots, amazing flavor to compliment anything from fish, chicken salads and soups. The staff is helpful and friendly, always smiling, I like that. Yesterday I bought a bundle of asparagus, 8 Japanese eggplants, 4 beefsteak tomatoes, a bag of enoki mushrooms, strawberries, grapes, garlic, a bell pepper, red lettuce and a bundle of green onions for $10.21. That is a savings of almost $10 off if I would have bought all that at a large chain supermarket. Mmm time to go make lunch!
4	Very lucky to have this gem near my home. RIDICULOUSLY LOW PRICES on fruits and vegetables.... have been shopping here since the beginning, and kinda stopped because it was getting.. dirty, and the produce was a bit...funky... a few months of shopping at Fry's for such things, and I got fed up... returned to Mekong Supermarket, this evening to do some serious shopping, and was thrilled to see that they have been doing a great job of keeping the store clean again. Also, the vegetables were BEAUTIFUL.... seemingly WEEKS fresher than what the major grocery chains are trying to push for at least triple the price... Of course, there's so much more to this store than just fruits and veggies... I took a gaze at the meats today, but didn't really stumble on any great deals, but at that point I was quite tired, lol... Fab selection of just about everything you could imagine from the Asian continent.. some nice beer/wine choices too..
4	This is a ver new and very convenient place to get your grocery or grab a bite during an afternoon break. I don't feel it is as big or as crowded as Lee Lee's down the street on Dobson, but definitely worth checking out. Very clean.
4	I ditto other reviews that MeKong Supermarket is great! Great variety and prices of items. It's clean and nicely organized. The best part for vegetarians is the freezer full of vegetarian meat substitutes! I love the fake honey sesame chicken and the Kung Pao chicken! Great selection and variety with tons of things that I have not seen before. Lots of neat soy and tofu products-- different textures and flavors....heaven!
4	OK thank god for Unphogettable because without going there I would've never found this great market.  I finished my lunch next door and decided to take a stroll through the market to see what they had.  The real question should've been what didn't they have.   I found everything from beef tongue to fresh seafood to durian fruit.  They have an immense fruit and vegetable section.  Their meat section is amazing along with a huge seafood selection that almost made me forget I was in Phoenix and I was in a west coast city.  They also carry tons of Mexican spices and products as well as Indian spices and products.  It's really a cooks dream store.  I am glad I found this great market and even happier it's a tolerable 15 min drive from my house.
3	It's like being a Target girl but recognizing the value and prices of Walmart... so I don't make a point to shop here (vs LeeLee's with greater intl variety), but when I am in the area... I frantically think of what is low in the pantry so supplies can be restocked at a minor savings.  The pricing is marginally cheaper -- to clarify, the auto 10% discount is calc off the non-sale items.
4	Big selection of meats and vegetables.  Nice and clean.
5	Thank God (or the Buddha!)  this place exists-  prices are great, as is the selection.  You want authentic asian ingredients, this is the place.  Lots of good restaurants in adjacent mall as well.
5	I love this place and have shopped there since it opened.  Fresh and cheap veggies, fish and meats.  try the Basa, it's a great fish.  on one visit I went nuts and bought about 17 different kinds of packaged rice noodles.  I'm still plowing through them.  Don't expect to get milk and cheese here.  they don't have it.  but they've got tons of products from Asia, africa and all around the world.  it's awesome.  it used to be less crowded than LeeLee's but now that's not so true.
3	Mekong is the other large asian grocery store in the East Valley. Personally I like Lee Lee's better because 1) it's closer to home and 2) prices are lowerIt is a bit cleaner than Lee Lee's, but possibly because it's newer. I'm not totally digging the already wrapped produce. I like to hand select my produce and unfortunately this doesn't allow me to do so. But I still think it's a great asian grocer alternative for when I'm dining near by, visiting the nail supply store next door or Lee Lee's is out of something. Both places offer the 10% "vip" discount, though.
5	I love this place, it's a great market with a huge long meat and fish counter.The meat and fish counter extends all the way down one side, I think you can find every sea animal on the planet here. Fresh lobster and catfish in tanks and more.Thankfully the oriental food counter on the left as you walk in is no longer there. That was the WORST EVER.So back to business.....GREAT VEGGIE SELECTION AND PRICES!!
3	I like how when you first walk through the doors of the Mekong Plaza, the Mekong Supermarket is right there to welcome you.  Reminds me of the East Coast Oriental grocery stores.. . . . the fresh vegetables although good varieties seems fresher at Lee Lee's . . . same with the meat . . . and I did buy some food from the food deli for dinner~ was quite disappointed, all the items had no flavour, just very salty.. . . . it is close to my son's Chinese school so I would probably shop here if I really need to buy groceries quickly . . . but I have a feeling I'm still going to be making the drive to Lee Lee's.
4	This plaza must be the pinnacle of Ethnic Mesa.  The supermarket is diverse where many different Asian languages are heard.  The aisles are packed with food.  Overflowing.  The produce section is very large and so is the meat section.  There are some swimming fish to buy and groceries representing every type of Asian.  Oddly clean as well for an Asian grocery store.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE !!I love this whole little plaza they have going on here! Mekong supermarket is part of Mekong Plaza. The supermarket is huge. Produce is very fresh! large selection of fruits as well. Good sake selection :)check it out..very cool place..love that we have a place like this. I plan on being here so much i am going to learn how to speak Chinese or Vietnamese just by walking around. :)
4	What I love about this store is the seafood department. They have an array of fresh fish that on-site they will clean and cut any way you like including fillet. They will also fry the fish for you if you like too. They also have very nice cuts of meat. I love Lee Lee's because I am Puerto Rican and only these Asian markets have our specialty items. However, for as many flaws I find in Lee Lee's I find the same at Mekong. They are equal and when I want fresh fish this is where I will be!!!!!
4	This is my 2nd time here.  It is pretty good size and has a lot of things.  Somethings you were NOT even looking for.  Their prices seem slightly higher than the other Asian markets but it is clean!  I found everything I was set out to buy, I am happy to not have to run to different stores.
5	I'd leave my Scottsdale bubble for a few reasons (and yes there are additional exceptions)1. Nobuo at Teeter House.2. Fez.3. My friends in various parts of the valleyand 4. Mekong Supermarket.I consider myself to be a huge fan of Asian cuisine. Chinese, Japanese, Filipino, Korean, Indian. You name it, I'll eat it. I have my healthy moments, but I am a seasoned eater and I am not afraid of exploring the world through my palate.Mekong is the perfect place for me to massage my senses. The aroma and sensations from the exotic product. The stunning visual of a catfish being bopped on the head, and then cut up and packaged. The cheesy elevator music on the loudspeaker. The delicious taste of a spring roll from the hot food bar. This place has it all.I usually come here for my Asian condiments and live seafood. Want a live crab? Boom. Done. Want spicy mustard or sriracha in a large bottle for cheap? It's yours.To me, there is nothing like taking the 10 mile drive in traffic to Mekong because I know I am going to get everything I want. Make the trek. You won't regret it.
4	Fun place to check out. Large selection. I didn't know what 90% of the stuff was but I like trying new things.
4	This has most of the things I want, but sometimes I will go to Lee Lee's to get my favorites.
5	Favorite place to shop EVER! And there are many many reasons why, but I'll try to keep it short. I'll even number them for you, in order of importance.1. Quite clean - Always a plus! 2. Friendly service - even the employees that don't speak English very well make every effort to help you find what you need, and they always say hello, and thank you.3. Inexpensive - they aren't always "cheap", but their prices are often quite low, and very reasonable.4. Unique - you can get ingredients here you can't get from supermarkets or AJ's. Need fresh lemongrass? They have it. Need galangal root (need to even know what it is?)? They have it. Need special spices for Thai or Indian dishes? They have them.5. TEA-topia - they have a SERIOUS amount of teas available, ranging from whole-leaf to instant with sweetener. They're delicious, reasonably priced, and delightful.6. Meat Department - their meat department has a really great selection of fish and shellfish. I don't particularly care for their chicken, but I try really hard to buy free-range chicken anyways. And their fish is fresh, and most often ocean rather than farm raised/caught.7. Fun - this place is my playground. I have been in a few times, and every time I've just walked around exploring, reading and being like a kid in a candy shop. If you have a fondness for any kind of Asian food, from Japanese and Chinese to Indian or S.E. Asian, they have an aisle (or more) that will make you burst with excitement and wonder.Bottom line - you really really must stop in. It's worth the trip, and you'll walk out with a tremendous amount of stuff you didn't know you could find or that even existed, and your bank account will smile at you.
5	This is, so far, my most favorite ethnic grocery store here in the area! It is clean, well organized, and doesn't smell bad. Their produce is insane, and always fresh and not old. Even the seafood department is good.....I have gotten some excellent clams here for an even better price then anywhere else! They have millions of noodles, seaweed, tofu, whatever your heart desires. I get my Indian spices here as well as my lentils, coconut milk, yuca, and baby bock choi...the list can go on and on! They even have Goya products and our favorite drinks from Puerto Rico. It's fun to try new things too (just descovered almond jelly!) Prices are always great, I always walk out with like 4 bags and having paid only around 30 bucks. I love Mekong!!
5	Good market for fresh produce, Vietnamese, and Asian goods.  We shop there weekly (my wife and I).  My wife is from Vietnam, and I am Asian Indian background.  The following are the reasons we shop here:1) Availability of products2) Quality of products3) Cost of the productsNote:  My parents in Chicago often call me asking me to send goods to them from here because they are not available in the markets there.  My father and mother have to come there when they visit me in Mesa AZ.
4	Large assortment of fresh produce, prepackaged foods, and meats.  When I want to replenish my Asian grocery supplies, Mekong Supermarket and Lee Lee Market are my places to go!
4	This place is pretty cool.  One stop shopping for all my ethnic goodies: Caribbean, Latin, Indian AND Middle Eastern!  The spices are so cheap!  They sell all types of cookware and cooking tools.  I nearly jumped up and down when I saw the isle full of Goya products, kola champagne and Indian body products.  Ahhh, felt like home!!! If they sold henna for hair here, it would be perfect!
4	WooHoo!  Prices are good...produce is fresh...the only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is the odor.The assortment of goods is gratifying.  I found products from Caribbean, Spain, Portugal, the Middle East, Asian and Oriental locales.  The variety is simply outstanding!  In checking out the butcher shop, the seafood offerings appear to be abundant.  Meat and poultry offerings are also extensive.  For the cleanliness of the whole store, I just cannot identify what the odor came from.  It reminds me of walking over the border in Tijuana, but I cannot fathom where the odor would derive.I will absolutely return, as this market has everything I am looking for.
4	Located in one of the few Asian shopping centers in the Phoenix area, this is the closest I can find to our Spring Mountain Rd markets back in Vegas.  Brought Mom's out here so she could shop.It has a decent selection of fresh and canned foods.  The prices are a little higher than I'm used to, but when your choices are limited, what are you going to do?The marketing is always clean and well organized.Return Factor - 90%  Unless something better opens...
4	For someone who, whenever I move anywhere, looks for the closet Asian market, this place was a godsend! Having grown up overseas, mainly in Asia, there are certain cravings I get that can only be sated by items found at an Asian market, and this is definitely one of the better ones I've found in Arizona. The worst thing I can probably say about it is that it's definitely lacking in the organisation department. Sorely. But you come to expect it and work around it. The staff is (usually) very helpful, though they can come off as abrasive at times. It doesn't bother me, though. I don't go to talk to people, I go for the shopping!First, let's discuss the meats and seafood. I won't buy my shrimp anywhere else! Before, when we were craving shrimp, we'd get them from Frys or some other chain. I noticed that whenever I was cooking them I'd have to drain them constantly, and then I realised that they're injected with a water solution. Screw that! The shrimp at Mekong tastes more fresh and has MUCH less waste product. They have a plethora of sizes, shelled, unshelled, head on, head off, just the meat (for those of you squeamish about beheading a shrimp). And all for a very reasonable price. I'll happily pay $4.50 a pound for decent sized shrimp (headless, because so much of the weight is in the head) when I know it's going to be quality. The salmon steaks are great for the grill or skillet, and always have good colour. Their fish selection is fantastic, with most of it looking far more fresh than what you can find at your average supermarket.  When it comes to meat, any possible cut or part you could possibly want is available. From livers to pigs blood, chicken feet and duck bills... They have whole ducks and chickens for roasting.I love their selection of fresh fruits and veggies! They have the usual suspects: mangoes, tomatoes, bok choy, garlic, grapes and cherries for extremely reasonable prices, and even have some of the more exotic fruits and veggies like durian and jackfruit (when they're in season). (Beware the Durian if you're a novice! Smells AWFUL, but if you can get past that, most people love it.) Rarely do you find mushy, old veggies. And then there's the sundries etc. Most of the canned, boxed and packaged goods are arranged by country. Sort of. Be prepared to hunt for things though. They change things around often, and the signs never reflect the changes. There's a specific brand of ramen noodles that I've been eating for over 20 years that I can buy here by the case (try something new! go for the Neoguri Spicy Seafood ramen!) along with all the familiar types of packaged ramen I've seen my whole like: Mama Noodles, Maggi, IndoMi, you name it. Get your Milo energy drink, your Thai iced tea and your boba all in the same place! Spices and noodles and coconut milk galore! You name it, chances are, they have it. Of course, if you need something to cook it in, they've got that too! It's definitely worth it to take some time to go and check the whole place out. You never know what you'll find in any aisle.
3	We love Mekong plaza, but it's not the best Asian supermarket around. To me that is Asiana market (http://www.yelp.com/biz/asiana-market-glendale)We have had luck in finding great items and their meat iand fish has great prices. We also usually end up buying a durian fruit, but the last one had several pods full of grubs. Luckily its in pods and some of them could be eaten.  (the fruit, not the grubs, allthough to some cultures that is considered a delicacy) Since durian fruit is pricey, that was a serious waste. However, it was the first time we encountered these in a durian and the second one we bought here.
5	I am sooooooo glad there is an awesome asian market here in AZ. I was searching for something like this when I moved here from Oregon. I was searching for this specific chili oil sauce that I couldn't find anywhere in the northwest...and long behold it was here :-).......anywho this place has a lot of variety of asian food...even indian food. Cheap prices as well for everything. I highly reccomend this place...plus the meat and poultry is cheap here peeps! (and no don't be afraid what meat is sold...it is legit). Also there is a threading lady who does eyebrows, lips, and other facial hair stuff for women.....this Indian lady is very good and tried it on my gf. Cheap price for what she does. She has a webpage as well www.bridalbydeena.com  so ladies try it out while you shop here.G approved!
5	Awesome asian market. It reminds me of the bay area (Cali). This place is huge! I found exactly what I was looking for and some other treats. Also helps that there is a 10% off everything at the register.
5	One of the best Asian grocery stores I have had the pleasure to visit. I have traveled a lot and been in many different asian markets. Mekong Supermarket has a wide variety of sauces, fish, meats, and spices that bring the orient into your home. The prices are very reasonable and the fruit and vegetables are fresh.  I will be back!
4	This is probably one of the most comprehensive Asian markets in the greater Phoenix area. Or maybe I haven't explored enough. Nonetheless, I really like this market because it is a real supermarket. It's not like Asiana or Paldo which are smaller scale markets that cater more towards Koreans. I guess I would compare it to the Lee Lee's market on Dobson and Warner. It's probably about the same size and has about the same items. I really like the fact that I can get everything here from fresh seafood, packaged meats, alcoholic drinks, mochi, and fresh produce. I even got dragon fruit here the other day. And it was good too!If you are looking for specific Asian food items or just want to venture out and smell some funky stuff, this is the place for you
5	This place makes Yelpzilla miss home. I mean nothing makes me want to destroy Tokyo like spending an afternoon at Mekong in the Tea section. This place has great service and even though its in Mesa you don't feel like you are once you make it in the building. I have discovered so many new flavors here. I enjoy the butcher and the meat and fish selections. Everything is very fresh. One thing they could stop doing is wrapping all the veggies and fruit in plastic.
5	I used to visit Asiana but the Mekong blows them out of the water!  Sorry guys.  This place is *huge* and pretty much has it all!  To begin with, I hate US soy sauce!  The best I've found is Pearl River Bridge Superior Dark Soy Sauce.  If you cook Asian, this soy sauce is the absolute best!  Hint: its not salty!But back to the Mekong.  I grew up in the Samoan Islands and greatly miss the foods I used to eat.  That is until I found pretty much most of them at the Mekong!  Taro and Taro leaves, baby bok choy, fresh leechy and dragon fruits... the list goes on.And if you want the best selection of fresh sea food and meats, you just can't beat the Mekong.  The service is superior and the 85,000 square feet is clean and bright.  If its from Asia or the Pacific, chances are you'll find it here.  The Mekong is an adventure in wonderful foods.  Then again you may not be able to read many of the labels, in that case just ask the friendly staff.Thanks to the Mekong, I can now cook real Samoan food!!
4	Don't shop on an empty stomach, you'll buy way too much! :0) Good selection and nice, low prices!
5	This is my favorite Asian grocery store and fish market in Phoenix. I come here and pick out my fish then do the rest of my shopping while they fillet them. They have a very good selection of fresh produce and various Asian specialty items.  This is definitely the place for lobster, you can get live Maine lobster here this week for under $10 a pound regardless of the size you want and they generally have them from just over a pound to about 5 pounds in stock. They also have live crabs, clams, shrimp, geoduck, and some live fish.
4	This is an Asian market.  They specialize in foods and ingredients from countries like Thailand, Vietnam, Philippines, etc.  They have a large variety of rices (generally in large bags), various fruits and vegetables not normally found in American groceries, many prepared foods, seasoning packs, and much more.  If you need fish sauce, they have it here.   Their meat section is unique also.  You want frog?  Chicken's feet?  Duck heads?  Yes, they also have more typical poultry, pork and beef.  Plus some very specific frozen items such as fish balls, siopao buns, red bean ice cream, and more.The smell of the store is a bit off-putting initially, but you get used to it very quickly.  Whether you want to cook your own Asian dishes, or if you just want pre-prepared sauces and seasonings, they probably have it.
3	I'm in the market for an asian friend so I can get some help shopping in this store.  Seriously, I've lived right by this store since May and I still can't find Kefir Lime leaves to make Tom Kha.  I've asked multiple people that work there when I can find them and some that don't work there, no luck so far so they lose a star for that.  I understand the store is VERY big but please direct me to the person who can help or take me right to it not just point to an aisle.  Everyone that's working there seems very busy maybe they could hire a couple more people?The only other reason they lose a star is for the produce packaging it is excessive and wasteful to the core.  I really hope and pray they will gain a conscious about the planet that produces all those yummy fruits and vegetables.   When I think of all the needless styrofoam being used?!?!  I've seen a room with LOTS  of employees packaging it themselves.  Hello there's your extra people that could be improving our shopping experience in the back!!!  This store seriously lacks priorities but I guess that would be all of us because I can't boycott the only place that I can get fresh lychee!!!  At least they buy in season because they don't have lychee year-round or at least I think that's the reason.  I recommend we all tear up the packaging and buy only the quantity you need after all it is the law and I do it all the time.  Maybe if we all do this they will realize the packaging just gets discarded at the store instead of our houses and they will end it altogether.
5	Best Asian grocery in Arizona , CHEAPEST PRICES, huge selection. Thanks Mekong supermarket !
5	Oh.. my... God. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you!!! I live bike riding distance from Mekong  so during my workout one day I was like, hmm.. let me see what this is. **mouth hits floor** Fresh seafood in a market layout. They are swimming in the tank. Fresh fruits and exotic vegetables, AWESOME Asian trinkets. 4 years here and never knew. I'm giving this 5 stars because not only will this save me from going to wally world for disgusting fruits and veggies when i don't feel like driving far, but also because its a diverse unique and clean market with a really cool vibe. Nuff said... lol.
4	Nice Big Store full of all kinds of foriegn treats! I come here because they have alot of the hard to find stuff, Aloha Shoyu,Taro, Yams, Tapioca root. They have a lot of choices of coconut milk,but I always get the cheapest.  If you like island fruits and veggies these guys will more than likely have it. TONS of selection of fish and They will clean it and cut it how you want it. Thats an added bonus,since I hate cleaning fish. As with most asian markets, there is a funky smell.
3	Not as good as Lee Lee but probably more popular. Expect  big lines at the cash registers.
4	I have been to this market a few times and am just now getting around to writing the review.  I have to admit that I was solely a Lee Lee's shopper until I discovered this place and now I am split about a 75% Mekong and 25% Lee Lee's.  I love Lee Lee's for their produce, it just seems fresher.  I love the wide aisles and the layout of LL's .  Both markets seem to have pretty much the same selection of items from other countries, but Mekong has them beat in other spots.Now about Mekong Supermarket.  We will go from dislikes to likes.  Mekong's is not a place for the claustrophobic.  This is my one big dislike.  The aisles are very narrow and there always seems to be overstock on the floor.  The first time I went in, I thought to myself, "Wow, I hit this place on delivery day."  Not so, the place is always like that.  It is hard for two carts to even pass each other in the aisles, let alone navigate around the boxes as well.  Their produce doesn't seem as fresh and doesn't lend itself to keeping very long in the crisper but still tastes good.  One thing that I find deficient in both places is the lack of English speaking people behind the meat counter.   Yes I know that I am in an Asian market that primarily services the Asian community and when in Rome do as the Romans.  They both do have Americans working behind the counter but they are in high demand and I always seem to get the little elderly gentlemen that can barely see over the counter.  Their fish and meat selection blows LL's out of the water.  Their fish counter is long and has an open format, meaning there is no top, just a front.  It is incredibly clean and all of the fish in it look super fresh.  You can find just about anything you are looking for and even a few things that if I reeled up, I'm not sure I wouldn't just throw my pole in the water out of fear.  The aquariums are also very clean, something that I was not impressed with at LL's. Their meat looks super fresh and they have many things to choose from.  I will admit the the pork bellies that I buy to make my own bacon are a little better at LL's because they are more uniform in shape and thickness.  Overall if I had to pick I would go with Mekong, but I do still shop at both.
4	When I want something Asian this is my jam!
5	Very amazing place. This place has a full range of items from all over the world. Just walking up and down the isles you get an education. It is very clean and everything looks fresh. the prices are good as well. They have some interesting remedies. You can ask them at the counter and people are very helpful.
5	Since I'm trying to eat healthy without the high cost of vegetable so this place is the place. The labels are a bit confusing and the market really smells like fish but there are a lot of live, fresh and frozen fish. Everytime I'm there I find items that are great to cook with. There is really nobody to ask questions so your on your own. The place is clean and usually not really crowded.
4	Right inside the Mekong Plaza when you go through the main entrance. This place is my alternative to Lee Lee when I do not want to drive down to Chandler and comes in second place on my scorecard. I shop here to get special items when trying to reproduce a restaurant favorite and cannot find the ingredients in my regular stores.Inside can be a little cramped with all the items stacked up like skyscrapers. Place is typically pretty clean. They have quite a few options when looking for what you need. The produce is relatively fresh and most interesting. I have had pretty good luck with the fish in the meat section as well. Great value and good prices.Normally come here to get stuff to cook Thai food, Vietnamese or other tasty Asian cuisines. They have a giant selection of herbs, peppers, etc. as well as authentic sauces and seasonings. Nice!My only complaint is they like to mix the different ethnic regions together on the same aisle. For instance, if it comes in a jar, look for the jar section. Whereas Lee Lee has them on there own separate aisles to avoid confusion. Also check the expiration dates if you can. Some items do not get the FIFO experience. Seems like I am seeing this everywhere now days.Best part is everyone gets 10% off when you check out and there are plenty of places to eat if you are hungry right outside the store. The restaurant called Thai Spices is my favorite. Tally Ho!3.75 STARS
4	It is not as big as Lee Lee's but not as small as the Chinese grocery store on 44th St so I would say it is just about the right size and the best thing, the shopping complex, with all the associated Asian dining options, is indoors. If you are feeling like being earth friendly you can get there via the light rail. I had not been here in awhile but certainly one of the best options for a variety of Asian Foods without being overwhelming. As others have noted, the place just feels really clean, worth a visit!
1	Maybe I was there on an "off" day, but this place is a dump!!  The aisles were crowded with inventory - so much so that you couldn't get a cart down many aisles.  The place looked like a flea market after all the specials were taken!  The disarray created many problems in finding the items; the prices weren't clearly marked so if I needed to know the price I would have to hunt down someone who worked there.  When a worker was found, they were very rude.  At the meat counter, I had to practically beg someone to help fill my meat order.  While they were doing it, they made you feel like they were doing you a favor.  I was about halfway thru my order when the first guy walked in the back and didn't return!!  WTF!!  His replacement finally showed up and grudgingly filled the rest of my order.  I live in Prescott Valley and we haven't got a store like this, so I was stocking up.  I guess I was too much trouble.  But that's OK, I won't be back!!
4	More convenient to central Phoenix than Lee Lee. Their seafood is better than Lee Lee's but I do not like the pre wrapped produce here. This forces you to buy set quantities, which are often more than I need. I also find the selection and quality  of produce here inferior to Lee Lee.  Other than those two differences, I think the rest of the stores is comparable and that prices average out.  Unfortunately for me, I'm usually looking for specific herbs and vegetables and find myself driving farther down into Chandler.
4	I love this place, for the most part.  Except I don't get why rice is so expensive!  I tend to find the majority of stuff I need and a lot more stuff I don't here.  The only real complaint I have about this place is some of the prices.  The Asian candy costs just as much here and sometimes more than in "American" stores  I could probably drive to San Diego get the same things at my old store and drive back for less than it costs  here.  I also don't like how some (more than a few) of the produce is going to go bad within a day if not use and some already looks like it went bad.But at this place, a lot of random out there items can be found, and their meat dept doesn't seem bad at all and actually reasonable
4	Only Asian supermarket I ever been too.  There's quite a bit of selection with some things being cheap, and some overpriced (that's a usual for these places). Its quite an adventure for me because I don't speak a lick of Chinese (or any Asian language), so I have to guess what I get haha.  I'm gonna look up some recipes so one day I can make a good home cooked dish.This place is full of different things and even hard to find items (Inca Kola!)  I really recommend checking it out.If you do not enjoy seafood (or even the smell of it) I wouldn't recommend checking it out. You can smell it once you walk in.  Good thing it doesn't really bother me.  BTW, Asian Cafe Express is basically right across the street.
5	Finally went here a few weeks ago, and just barely writing my review. I know I know.. So glad I found this place, thanks to a couple of my YELP friends who told me this was the go to spot for fresh crab, and they didn't disappoint!! Made me miss home (SF) because there were a bunch of markets like this there, also got the car air freshener I have been looking for here. They also have restaurants all over the center where this wonderful market is located and will definitely go back and try em soon!Parking is great not too packed, easy to find and close to home, so hip hip hurray for me!
4	Very excited about this Asian market! There was so much to see and buy! Everything looked fresh, clean and the staff seemed friendly. Will definitely be back!
4	I come from the east coast and am familiar with the awesome asian grocers in NY/Boston, and this place is CLEAN.  I'm a fan of the fact that things are well labeled and the flow of the place makes sense.  I did experience a bit of sticker shock at some of the items but I guess that's expected in AZ.  Overall, I recommend this place because it's conveniently situated near the highways and this strip mall has a lot of other asian goods/foods to offer as well!
4	I was wary of another Asian market opening up in Phoenix because for several years, I was absolutely devoted to Lee Lee's. But Mekong Market won me over. Their produce is clean and fresh, and they have a great variety of, well, everything. Most recently, they also played a bunch of Michael Jackson music, so that was plus.
4	Wonderful market with an extensive variety of products.  I would have rated this market as a 4, but I would only rate their customer service as a 1.  I have been to this market numerous times, and every time I try and purchase fish, the employees ignore me and I can't get waited on..  So on New Years Eve I went at 9am when they opened at 9am.  However, the fish market was not ready.  Both a younger and older man were still putting out fish on the ice.  After a period of time the older man asked if I minded waiting 5 minutes, and I said no.  I waited, and waited.  The younger man went down to the middle of the counter, and started waiting on people who were waiting also for fish.  I waited and waited.  The older man continued to ice fish.  After about 20 minutes the younger man came back, and asked a gentlemen that just walked up to the counter if he could help him.  I finally intervened and said I had been waiting for service since they opened, and apologized to the man next to me.  The younger man finally waited on me.  The people working behind the meat and fish counter definitely need training in customer service.  I would also suggest a numbering system for customers, so that does not continue to happen to other customers.
3	I have only shopped here for hot pot ingredients, don't expect help though, (you won't really need it, i found everything i needed on my own) it is just that the isle arrangements don't exactly have much sense to them.  Also the veggies are nice and cheap, which is always a plus.
5	Now they accepted American express card:)
4	Mekong has more things than Lee Lee's and they give 10% off on your total order, which I love.  Lee Lee's used to do this.  However, I saw the owner of Lee Lee's work hard all these years and start from a small store on Dobson & Southern.  So, my heart is always towards the small business.Mekong has a large variety of things and the store is packed.  It's a bit overwhelming to go there, so you need to know what you're looking for.  I wish this store were closer to me, but I'm glad that there are several options for me for an Asian supermarket - Mekong and Lee Lee's.  It's clean and I can't say that the Asian staff is friendly (at least not to me being an Asian), but I found when I ask a non-Asian staff member, they are much more helpful and friendly.  However, I don't expect that I go to an Asian Supermarket for the staff to be friendly, like you would at a Caucasian based supermarket.  Probably some sort of double standard I put up with, but c' lest vie.  We don't visit this area of the valley often, but when we do, I try to pick up a few items that Lee Lee's might not have or might be better priced here.
4	Time to write a review on the grocery store of my people. First and foremost, it's an Asian Market - it's gonna stink. So the reviews that mention the wretched smell...DUH. The produce is here is so cheap. I can walk about with two huge bags and pay less than $20. It's not going to necessarily be all organic or the prettiest looking, but it'll go in and out of your body the same way that AJ's $4 apple does. There's a nice assortment of different types of Asian food here from Korean to Indian to Thai. You've definitely got your pick. The seafood department is where its at. It's where I go to pick up seafood whenever I'm making Cioppino. The seafood is pretty fresh and really inexpensive. Winning. I just started juicing too so I come here to pick up a ton of produce for cheap! Kale is all the rage these days and I can get a big bunch for $.99. People are paying $4 a bag! Yet again. I win. Final win - you get 10% off your whole purchase.
5	The market is a learning experience with each frequent visit. Also a fun place.  I have seen sections not mentioned. Pricing is reasonable. Not being particularly knowledgeable I have been assisted in finding a lot of things. One of many pluses is it is a melting pot of people who often have very different takes on the market. One of the most memorable was going with friends who included a wonderful Chinese chef, selecting what would later be as fine a meal as I ever expect to have.For me hearing all the languages and understanding some Mandarin  or Spanishalso adds. Then as if I am not already pleased there are all the restaurants and shops which whether I know anything or not were both great food and equally good company or other experiences.I have not yet learned Vietnamese but am friendly with and have am enjoyable experience each time I go to An Lac store. You may think me foolish but I feel it is both a great supermarket and plaza to take young children to experience what they might not otherwise see, hear and taste. One of the reviewers mentioned odors.Perhaps my sense of smell is not as keen or maybe life has many new experiencesto enjoy or..............Lastly the kindness of customers who have gone out of their wayto help me has occurred from numerous nationalities many times. I may be ignorant but not made to feel that way by very young to older customers at Mekong Supermarket.!
5	Ok. Parking alert. Not to beat an ethnic stereotype to death but the last time I came here I waited for some woman to navigate into the parking space right next to mine. It took her ten tries I kid you not. Her daughter finally got out of the car and expertly guided her in like those dudes with flags guiding a plane into its proper space. Thank goodness. Other times I feel like I didn't get the memo that there was a take-no-prisoners free-for-all demolition derby going on. But heck with that - even that isn't enough to scare me away from this place. I love it. I usually come here for food first. There's only freaking ten million choices: Taiwan Food Express, Wholly Grill, Hue Gourmet, UnPHOgettable, Deer Garden Signature, Thai Spices, Kong Fu Gyoza, Com Tam Thuan Kieu, Tea, Snow & Coffee, Mekong Palace, Mekong Sandwiches, etc. Most of which I haven't even bothered to try because I'm so hung up on Hue Gourmet. Maybe one day I'll have tried everything on their menu so I can move on. All the food choices alone make this the place to go instead of Lee Lee's or Asiana anymore. Then I mozy on over to Mekong Supermarket. Lots of cool stuff in the meat and seafood department. I'll sometimes get unagi, seaweed salad or surf clam - whatever they have on special. If you like meats not always found in regular supermarkets they have lamb, duck, venison, rabbit, squab, veal, partridge, boar, and quail. Lots of Chinese and Japanese foods. Alcohol section has lots of Asian beers including Beer Lao - that used to be really hard to find in Arizona. The vegetables and fruits area has all sorts of usual Asian grocery store suspects: enoki mushrooms, persian cucumbers, shredded papaya for papaya salads (if you roll your own), and pineapples usually cheaper than regular grocers. There's a whole section of potato chips with all sorts of weird flavors you won't find at Safeway or Fry's - Takoyaki and squid flavors were the favorites of the ones I've tried. Then there's culture clash from which hilarity ensues. Some words have a whole different meaning in another culture. Exhibit A: Filipino steamed rice cake mix in a box labelled PUTO. Might be funny if you're Mexican. Otherwise you'll just hear a noise overhead going woosh. Then there's Exhibit B: that Jamaican treat. A company called Grace puts it out and according to the website, that very product is for the American market. Really? Can you market a soup called "Cock Flavored Soup Mix" with a straight face? What's even weirder is they also have "Chicken Flavored Soup Mix" so do they taste different? Or is that OTHER flavor really what is says it is? I wouldn't know. But maybe even that tastes like chicken. I'll have to take someone else's word for it. If you wanna get some for fun and games at the next white elephant at work it's in aisle 5B where the Hawaiian, Jamaican and Mexican stuff is. I think out of embarrassment they hide that box behind everything else so you may need to dig for it. Your mileage may vary.
4	I love this place! My husband is Filipino and I have learned how to make many of the traditional dishes he grew up with. At mekong I can leave with everything it need and more. My in-laws brought packet of sinigang seasoning with them from Chicago and ended up leaving Arizona with more than they brought! They LOVED it and said the prices were cheaper than anything they can get in Illinois. Great fish selection and I love the meat counter. I can get every cut I need to make he dishes I love. I've even been surprised and found a Brazilian side there that I'm obsessed with (Guarana) it's hard to find unless you go to a Brazilian import store or Brazilian restaurant. Anyway, go check it out!
5	Have you ever shopped at Asian supermarkets?  If you have, it won't surprise you to hear, that the very first thing you'll notice about them is their very characteristic smell.  If you're a man, you'll easily be able to imagine it, when I tell you it's like the smell of a public urinal, which hasn't been cleaned in a very long time.  Add to that a couple of dead fish sitting in the urinals and you got it.  The really unique thing about the smell at Mekong Supermarket is not the smell itself; it's that it permeates the ENTIRE mall in which it sits and not just the store itself.  Ironically, the one place is does not get into is the public restroom!Smell aside, this supermarket is a gem for anyone familiar enough with Asian foods, spices and other wares.  In comparison to Lam's -- which I usually go to, because it's on the west side of the Valley -- this place is far and away larger and has much more of a selection  (in fact, this store could swallow Lam's and still have more than enough room left over for another store inside of it).  Now, to be fair, while the selection of foods and spices are much larger than Lam's, this really wouldn't mean a whole lot to someone like me, who is not all that familiar with how to use most of the products and who limits his purchases to about a dozen different spices and sauces, some bamboo, mushrooms and pasta.  And while I'm sure 10 different kinds of tofu might have some kind of significance to those in the know, for the novice like myself, it can be overwhelming and irrelevant.Mekong is also significantly cleaner than Lam's and a lot more orderly.  They also have a section of dinnerware, pots, utensils and even a grocery area, that blows Lam's away by a mile!  The only thing Lam's MIGHT have on this place is the variety of other cuisines:  Yes, I saw some Mexican, Thai, Indian and other foreign products here; but it seemed to me, that Lam's has a much larger selection of "other country" products.  Without doubt, Mekong's meat and fish selection was much larger than Lam's and looked more appealing.  The downside?  They're in Mesa; I'm in Goodyear.  Do the math!So, in conclusion, if you're out in the area or live in Tempe, Mesa, Chandler, etc., this is a great place to go to buy your supplies of Asian produce, meats, sauces, etc.  And you can have a nice meal in the same plaza from a number of restaurants surrounding it.  If you live in the West Valley, however, you can be just as easily satisfied at Lam's.  Unless you're really experienced in cooking Asian cuisine, you probably wouldn't miss all the extra things at Mekong that they don't have at Lam's.  I didn't know any better before.  And now that I do, I'm still okay with shopping at Lam's rather than driving one hour each way.P.S.:  Unlike Lam's, the 10% discount is available automatically at Mekong.  At Lam's, you'll have to ask.
4	Great Asian supermarket that reminds me of home!  From fried fish, produce, "weird" canned/jarred goods and imported goodies I'm glad Mekong is here in AZ!Since my mother and I were staying in a hotel nearby we decided to grab some snacks and drinks to take home to our hotel during down time. We grabbed a few instant noodle cups, drinks (obvious) coconut water and Asian snacks like dried squid, crackers and chips.This super market is huge and always restocking their shelves, as workers had open boxes in aisles to stock up. Fast cashiers, free bags (I live in SJ, CA), no tax and 10% off our purchase? Woow! Definitely will be back here once I relocate! :-)
1	We shop at this grocery store approximately twice  a week for the past 7 months and we have to say that their customer service is horrible when it comes to checking out.The managers are rude, discourteous.  We now shop at Lee Lee Grocery at Dobson and Warner who welcomes our business and rather drive out of our way to patronize a company that is nicer and knows how to run a business.
5	It is SO clean in here. It's amazing. Cleanest restroom I've ever used. Cleaner than my own home! Aside from that, I love the way it smells. There's nothing better than that fresh smell of an Asian market. I like to buy quail eggs here and use them for baking. The bakery here is also excellent. The lady who owns it is super sweet, and she's an awesome chef! Everyone here is very friendly and even if there's a bit of a language barrier, they are always willing to answer any questions and stuff like that. It's fun to just come here and look around to get the feel of another culture. If you're looking for an authentic Asian experience, go here!
4	One of the best places to go to if you need to shop for asian food. The other one is Lee Lee's. I think Mekong is closer to me anyway. They have a variety of restaurants there too which is nice if after all that grocery shopping you get hungry. A couple of antique shops I walked into also was pretty cool.
5	I love the variety of International seasonings and produce that they offer. This market smells very clean considering the fact that they sell live seafood and fish. I really like it that I can count on this market always having their items in stock at all times. I've never been let down by this store. The prices for their exotic produce is very fair. It is definitely appreciated that cash register lines move quick and the cashiers always know all the codes for their produce by the pound.
3	I think I am going to have to find a new store. The prices here keep going up. That wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't noticeable,  but the difference in price for the normal things was like "dang!".
5	I love this place, when I m feel like expressing my culinary skills, I shop at the Mekong mkt. seriously, I can find just about everything I need to complete any version of my take on Asian fusion recipes. Everything is soo fresh and and affordable;) love this place;) also try out the surrounding restaurants very pleased with the variety;)
4	This market has large selection of Asian goodies. You can find many many things here and they organize their stocks very well. They have plenty of fresh veggies, seafoods and meat items. I wish they have Vita Lemon Tea in stock. There is the only complain I got.
4	I like that they carry such a variety of Asian food products. The meat and fish deli is good too. It smells fresh!Was looking for some shitake mushrooms, green onions and seaweed. The aisles are a little disorganized but whatever.Although there are so many noodle products, didn't find any ramen. I am not talking about the individual ramen packs. I mean actual ramen noodle products. They had 2 full aisles of noodles in bulk packages except ramen. Weird.Overall, I like the store. Definitely a must to buy Asian groceries. Prices are good and huge selection.
5	Excellent Asian products with the greatest variety I have ever seen. Frozen foods, meat and fish department, produce, everything you will need to cook any Asian meal or otherwise. They even have Spanish Goya products, Indian spices, you name it they have it. The market is surrounded by restaurants and other businesses. A great supermarket and food court for a fabulous afternoon of shopping. Enjoy and discover!!!!
5	The first order of business whenever I'm in a new town is to check out every single Asian supermarket. So when I moved to Phoenix I shopped at every single one, judging everything from cleanliness, prices, variety of product offerings, freshness of food (especially the seafood/meat section) to store layout. In all those categories, this supermarket is the best in the valley & by extension in the entire state of AZ! It just sucks that it's 17 miles away from where I live so it's really quite a field trip for me! But there's also plenty great authentic Asian restaurants in Mekong Plaza and neighboring shopping plazas that makes the drive damn worth it!
5	A grocery store..5 stars?  Yes. Awesome. It's clearly for Asian food, but I think I could shop here for. Year and never discover all of its gems.  Picked ups some awesome fresh mushrooms, 7 varieties, tofu, miso soup, and pork skewers for a quick dinner. The butcher/fish market requires another visit!  Do NOT miss out on the bakery, out front. The sweet pastries are unique and delicious.
5	This place is wonderful! There's so much food that it's stacked on the floors almost up to the ceiling. Got lots of spices for some great prices and I go through a lot of turmeric every month so this place is officially now one of my favorite go-to grocery spots. I'm not feeling very adventurous today but next time I'm here I'm determined to try some of these exotic looking foods.
4	This place is great for people who love organic foods, or even food in general. Every time i go to Mesa i go here to pick up loose leaf tea, which till this day i have not found a better place for this. A lot of beer selection, assorted drinks, and imported fruits and vegetables.
