4	This USA station is on the SW corner or Stephanie and Horizon Ridge.This use to be an Albertsons mini mart and is in the Albertsons parking lot on the corner.Their gas prices are the best in the area. For all who don't know USA gas is part of the Tesoro Corp refineries. They operate as Tesoro, Shell and USA gas.Great value on good gas. The station has water and air for a fee.The water and towels for washing windows were clean and full.Inside the mini Mary is clean and well stocked but is never busy. It doesn't look very inviting like 7/11 or Terribles so they don't get much business despite the great gas prices and reasonable snack prices.Of course they have slot machines inside like everywhere in Vegas.Staff I'll grade on a curve...they're good.All around good store just not the normal big name we're use to.  I'll give 4 stars cuz I can't do 4.5. But will keep reviewing.I will be back ....soon
4	Located on the SW corner or Stephanie and Horizon Ridge. Good parking and plenty of gas pumps.Always clean and never too busy. They area is well lit at night and feels safe.Regular Gas 10/15/12 $3.739 per gallonThe mini mart has all the normal stuff and is always clean when I go in to grab something.Staff for some reason almost every time I stop in is either smoking outside or seem a little disinterested but whatever. I'm not trying to date them, I just want some cheap gas, a drink and to get my butt outta there!
4	They have a great location, hardly ever busy, and excellent prices usually. Sometimes they are the same as costco. Other times I pass them up and hit 7-11 instead. I'm the type that drives 5 extra miles to save 2 cents on gas. Inside the store is always clean and smells really good. I would recommend this place to cheap gas seekers everywhere.
5	I never have to wait to pull up to a pump! Place us very clean and feels very safe. No homeless coming up asking for money or anything. And an added bonus? Gas is always cheaper than anywhere in torn! Centrally located so it's never out of the way
4	Over on my side of town, this gas station is very convenient. There is a competitor directly across the street but USA Gas always seems to have the lower price.   I'm not one to go to the same type of gas station to fill up the car.  It's just whoever has the better prices.  I also haven't had any issues when I pay at the pump.  Their receipts always print out so I don't have to make a trip into the store to get one.  So if they keep up the lower prices on gas, I'll keep going back!
