5	Wow!!
5	When I saw the original Cavalia nearly four years ago, it was like nothing I had ever experienced.  Odysseo raised the bar to an entirely new level.Odysseo is staged in an enormous tent (the largest of its kind!) which includes amphitheater type seating, a stage/arena area that is larger than a hockey rink and a video display larger than three IMAX screens.  Impressive.  Well, impressive until you see the horses.From the moment the music started and the lights came up, my breath was taken away.  Horses and performers interacting.  Running, jumping and playing.  Many of the acts featured horses without any sort of restraint, demonstrating the remarkable love and trust between horse and trainer.  At one time, there were 30 horses on the 'stage' area at once.  All moving in synchronized groups of three or four, guided only by their focus on the trainer's cues - words and gentle touches.  Spectacular.As if all of that weren't enough, Odysseo dazzled with live musicians and vocalists, dancers, acrobats and trick riders.  So many talented people all under one big top!If you are on the fence about seeing either Cavalia or Odysseo (let's be honest, the tickets aren't inexpensive) GO!  You will love every minute, just like I did.** Just in case you were wondering, not one of the equine performers 'fertilized' the stage area.  Now that is training.  :)
5	Went to Cavalia Odysseo this past saturday as I had heard it was and amazing show and without a doubt it is AMAZING. The horses are beautiful and they perform with such ease you can tell they enjoy what they are doing.The visual effect are impressive and the music is live and it is wonderful as are all the performers in the show, from the men and women riding the horses, to the acrobats in stilts, aerialist, and the West African group.The stage is so impressive with the huge video screen backdrop, the carrousel coming down from the ceiling, and the floor filled with water for the spectacular finale. If Cavalia comes to your area, don't miss it!
