2	I'm so disappointed. I was told the new West Elm store (which just opened in the Metropolitan development) is similar to IKEA. Lies. West Elm has nice, hip furniture, bedding, dishes and home decor items, but it's WAY pricier than IKEA and more similar to the experience you'd have at, say, Pier One. Parking and traffic flow at the Metropolitan are a huge problem. They need a traffic light at Charlettetowne and the new Metropolitan Avenue. It's impossible for anyone coming from West Elm, Best Buy, Trader Joe's, etc. to get out of the place and turn onto Charlottetowne. I'd suggest you avoid that road altogether and enter/exit on Kings Drive.
4	I popped into West Elm last night for the first time.  I've seen the catalogs, but never been in an actual store.  It was quite nice, and once again I started dreaming of what it would be like to have all of this modern furniture and decor in my home.  Ahh... If only the lottery fairies would come my way. West Elm was all about the browns, silvers, and whites.  Most of their decor is "wood," from the tables and beds to the vases and bowls.  But they also offer other accent pieces.  Their inventory is a little on the slim side.  You won't find as much to browse through as you might in a Crate & Barrel or Pottery Barn, but it was still enjoyable to see things that I haven't seen in other similar stores.  Their prices didn't seem too bad overall.  One of their dining room tables I liked was reasonably priced for around $400.  In fact, I might go back for a cool lamp I saw for $99 if I don't find another one I like.I'm not sure about their customer service.  There were several employees floating around the store and clustered together at one point and not once did one say hello to me and welcome me to this new Charlotte store.   Granted, I don't like to be bothered when I'm shopping, but a hello might have been nice.  Maybe it was because I was by myself instead of coming in as a couple?  They were talking to the couples in there.  Hmmm...
4	A modern version of Pottery Barn/Crate & Barrel
2	A cool place but I've had issues a couple of times and have now written off. Most recent visit they overcharged me and seperately caused me to return two times on the same day after the original purchase for defective products. The staff wasn't interested in apologizing or showing stellar service, just sort of shrugged and after awhile made time to refund me. Quality isn't quite there on some things.
4	Sales attendants were the most helpful and pleasant I have encountered in quite sometime and I shop frequently so that is significant to me.I picked up a great book about San Francisco bakery Tartine, hand puppet temporary tattoos, cork iPhone cover...and some fabric samples to help me make my furniture decision.  All my items were on sale as well...score.Lovely store, products, and staff.
3	I consider West Elm the younger, prettier step-sister to Restoration Hardware and Pottery Barn.  They really shine in the bedding/pillow department.  Their "X" side table in chrome with the glossy black tray is the perfect bedside table that will relieve your night-stands of clutter.  The store on Metropolitan is particularly comfortable and fun to shop in!
4	The scene: It's 3 o'clock on Dec 23, 15 hrs before we need to leave for the airport to fly out for Christmas, and the BF has food poisoning which has rendered him a quivering lump of sadness in bed. He has procrastinated buying a gift for his Aunt, whose house we are dining at Christmas day.My mission (an I really had no choice but to accept it) was to acquire an inexpensive, home gift for a woman I had met once. Also, it had to be capable of being packed in a carry-on.Enter West Elm.I am a fan of anyone who has all their sale merchandise marked down an extra 25% two days before Christmas. But cheapskateishness aside, everything in there was just so darn cute. Within 30 seconds of walking in the door I had locked eyes on an abstract santa cookie jar that completed my mission for under $15. I also picked up a Chuck Klosterman conversation set for the BF's mom & a recycled plastic sandwich shop toy as a gag gift for him. My total bill for all three items was under $45. Color me pleased.Unsurprisingly, they seemed a little short on staff but the cashier who rang me out was pleasant and didn't let her frazzle show. The time i waited in line allowed me to peruse the collection of charity mugs that were smartly displayed next to the register. If you give me cite home furnishings, put them on sale so they are reasonably priced, and throwing accessible parking & non-intrusive sales people to boot you'd better bet I'll be back. Heck, the number of people I raved about West Elm to this weekend alone probably earned them back the sale price!
1	CHECK THE WEST ELM FACEBOOK PAGE BEFORE ORDERING FROM HERE, will most definitely confirm what you are about to read below from other west elm customers.While I love the products of west elm, I have been EXTREMELY disappointed in the shipping and customer service they provided me since then. I placed an online order while in the store on November 26th for a headboard, bed frame, and slats with an estimated deliver window of 11/30-12/5. Clearly today is December 21st and not only have I not gotten my furniture delivered, but customer service has NO idea of even a tentative date for delivery. Their excuse, it's a logistical issue. My response? That is a company issue and not the issue of your customers. While a portion of my delivery fee has been refunded....this is still unacceptable!! I have asked to speak with a manager and the response is......she is really busy there is a line around her door she probably won't get back to you. Again, UNACCEPTABLE. Still yet to hear back from the customer service rep who said she would call me back with tracking info. UNACCEPTABLE. Apparently the slats are the only missing item and are coming from California. Could have driven to and from California several times at this point and I would have my slats. I spent over $3000 that day at west elm and have ZERO to show for it. Great to have to worry about around the holidays. Sure my furniture will be ready for delivery while I am out of town for Christmas.I have since still not spoken to about 7 customer service reps, but also went back to the Charlotte store to make an exchange and give my feedback so perhaps future customers could be communicated to better. WASTE OF TIME. The GM and Assistant  Manager (Katie) treated me and my family so poorly. Basically insinuated that we must just not understand the ways logistics work and that MAYBE they could give me some of the shipping back.  DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM THIS STORE YOU WILL TOTALLY REGRET IT
5	West Elm is my favorite home decor store. Sadly, the closest West Elm to me is three hours away, so I always try to stop by one when traveling! While driving from Florida to Pittsburgh over the holidays, I took the opportunity to stop at this location - only two minutes from the highway - to use some Design Dollars and Christmas Gift Cards.I obviously love West Elm products - each room in my house has been invaded by the brand - and their current merchandise does not disappoint. However, I was particularly impressed by the customer service in the store. My husband and I browsed around for about an hour and had multiple sales associates offer their assistance. The man who rang us up was really nice and I enjoyed my conversation with him. He mentioned that he was a history teacher, and I think it's obvious that this store hires high caliber associates.I really enjoyed my experience at this store and look forward to making a pit stop here again in the future!
1	Every time I shop here it is an issue. Nothing is ever correct, bought a rug they have me the wrong one, put a dining room table on hold they gave it away. Came to switch the rug, they don't have it in stock - have to wait 2 weeks now for a rug. I know it's my own stupidity but I love everything in the store.
5	Great store!  The customer service to top notch.  The staff are so helpful without being pushy, such a refreshing way to buy furniture.  We recently purchased a beautiful dining room table and chairs!
5	I love West Elm! My go-to stores for kitchen, bartools, and glassware are usually Sur la Table and Crate and Barrel. I'd been in West Elm once before, not noticing they had a home goods area. (Or maybe it wasn't there yet). They have great glasware at a better price than most home goods/ cookware stores. Butcher boards, knives, barware, everything you need (Along with great furniture). And, they're opening up a coffee bar right inside the store! Pretty cool. Shop and pick up a cup of jo!
5	I love this store (even though I really don't earn enough to shop there very often.) They have so many beautiful pieces that would work in any decor. Their rugs are just beautiful but they have so many lovely decorative accents you can spend hours just admiring them. The last item I bought here was a beautiful dresser top chest. It looks so exotic on my bathroom vanity. I use it to store extra hand towels and a few candles and it really spruces up the room. If any of my friends are reading this - hint, hint, hint...gift certificates to this place would make a great Christmas gift!!!
5	Beautiful decor and a great range of colors. Sometimes a little pricy but the quality is beyond question. Love this place.
