1	I took my vehicle here to fix a corroded electrical system. This company failed to properly diagnose and fix some electrical corrosion issues I was having; they should have replaced the cables but did not. Two weeks later, my car wouldn't start. To the owners credit, he did take the time to email with me, but ultimately refused to reimburse me for the second tow job - all the while steadfastly refusing to acknowledge that the technician was either incompetent or lazy. I recommend going elsewhere.
4	Finally, a friendly and HONEST car mechanic,  which as well all know is very difficult to find! My boyfriend first brought his car here for some car troubles and we  orginally chose this for location and appointment availability. They are open on Sundays too, amazingly helpful! We recieved efficient, quick and reasonable prices for his repair - smooth sailing! The experience that has brought me to this review is when I brought in my '97 Jeep Wrangler = old and falling apart! for the past year I had decided that the next $500+ repair meant that I would get a new car. I brought in my jeep due to some scary shaking experiences and found that I needed new control arms etc, trans is leaking etc and got a $1400 quote for repairs (which was reasonable for everything going on). AJ called me and said he would be emailing me a picture of what is wrong and a detailed invoice of all the suggested repairs - that was impressive!! Then he told me that I can come in and they would show me in their shop what is going on if I needed any clarification of the issues. I reviewed the email and called AJ back to talk over it more. I asked him upfront what is really needed to keep me safe and roadable? He was so honest with me that it knocked off 50% of the repair quote/ price. Then I told him that I am on the fence whether I should go forward with any repairs on this Jeep or getting a new car. He told me, as much as he would want to fix my Jeep, I would be better off not putting a penny more into repairing and just do a trade-in for a new car. That is a honest mechanic right there if he is telling me to not give him my business/ money and move on! I then thought about it and decided to take his advice. They didnt even charge for any diagnostics. If We ever have any future car troubles or maintenance needs we will definitely be coming back here. It is nice to have a car mechanic we can trust and is honest with their prices. Give them a try!
1	Had my transmission go out on my truck back in Dec. 2012. Called multiple place shopping around, this cottman had a reasonable price had my truck towed down, took them 5 days to have it fixed and I had to call to see when it was done they didn't even call me to let me know it was done.Anyway their fix came with a year warranty as well, once I picked my truck up they told me you should be running fine but call us in a week so we can get you back in to check everything's good and we got some add on for you. Called a week later the add on part weren't in so they said call back in a few days so I did still no parts, this whole calling back thing turned into two months later with them still not having parts, so I gave up and they never called me back.So it's now end of June 2013 and I get a radiator leak bring it to a shop closer to home they diagnose and tell me that the new transmission cooler rubbed a hole in your radiator. So with my year warranty I had my truck towed back to cottman so they could fix their mistake, they did replace my radiator but as soon as they called for my truck to be picked up they said "your good to go but your ac isn't blowing very cold", I said "yeah I know it's not ideal but it's cool enough can't afford to get it fixed perfectly right now".So go down pick up my truck drive away and my ac never starts to blow cold and before I brought it in it was working just fine but yes not ideal like I said, I was pissed and didn't even want to go back a deal with their sh*t. (mind you this is a day before we have 3 days in a row of supposed record high heat around 120 degrees)So the next day I bring my truck to a shop closer to home again to get my ac filled, turns out there's a leak in a hose for the ac no where near where they would have had to work to change the radiator. the shop by my house tells me. They begin to tell me it was probably deliberate since they had to replace my radiator under warranty and wanted some kind of money out of me so they tampered with my ac. And for cottman to call me to pick up my truck from the radiator fix and to immediately tell me my ac isn't blowing very cold when it was working fine before makes me want to believe the new shop telling me that cottman deliberately messed with my ac is indeed true.
4	I first had my transmission rebuilt by Cottman's in February. Through a series of unfortunate events, I ended having to go back to them several times over the next few months. I have to say that initially I was skeptical that they would be able to resolve my issues to my satisfaction, but the GM, Bard, made sure I was satisfied, even extending my warranty because of the delay. Although things did not go perfectly, Bard and his staff were committed to making sure I was happy. That means a lot in today's environment of indifferent customer service. I have returned twice since for minor problems unrelated to the original repairs, and was extremely pleased with the service. I would absolutely recommend this company based on my personal experience.
4	Went in to get my oil change.They got me in and out quick.
2	Why is it that you have a coupon for a $5 oil and filter change upon check in on Yelp but won't honor that price?
5	Bard is professional and knowledgeable.  I came in for transmission issue and he took care of me in a fast and professional manner.  They gave me a reasonable price and I will be back.  Before going here I went to 3 other shops and kept getting the laundry lists of work that they said was urgent I take care of.  Went To Cottmans and none of that bs.  I felt taken care of and I felt they are sincere.thank you
5	Friendly neighborhood car repair. I've had my brakes serviced, oil changes, and transmission service. Sometimes there are deals on groupon for car services, and it doesn't hurt to call and ask them to honor the price without purchasing the groupon! I always get my car back in a timely manner, and I appreciate the rides home! Located just north of Cactus on cave creek road, on the east side of the street, across from Home Depot.
5	Excellent experience.  The owner was there and got to talk with him for a while.  I could tell he really cared about me having a great experience.  Found their oil change coupon and thought I'd take advantage of it.  They showed me the air filter and how dirty it was.  I replaced it.  The said the rest of my car is in great shape.  I will be back.
