3	Located on Dalry Road, this branch of Somerfield is well stocked and has enough stock in which to do the weekly shop. I wasn't here to do my weekly shop but I did pop in for a bottle of fanta and a magazine to read while on the train home.The staff were friendly as I overheard quite a few of them pointing other customers in the right direction for items that they couldn't find. I often find Somerfield to be a little bit more expensive than some of the other supermarkets but they usually have great weekly deals on household necessities, alcohol and snacks.
4	As far as supermarket chains go, Somerfield is pretty much cannon fodder for the big boys, and from what I've read on the pinnacle of honest reporting that is Wikipedia, due to a rebranding process the few remaining stores will cease to exist in a couple of years.Little will change except the name, nor the stock. Not big enough to be a proper supermarket, too big to be a grocery store, it's always exceptionally handy, if not particularly enthralling. Just like this review.
4	I perhaps frequent this shop more than anywhere else in Edinburgh. It's always been an average place in my mind; standard selection at a slightly inflated city centre price - always understaffed and could have done with a touch up.Then it got a touch up.Somerfield has been owned by Co-Op for some time now and all of the Somerfields in the area have recently been converted to Co-Operative food. This wasn't just a new fascia though; the renovation also put in self serve tills, added a huge load of staff (never have to wait long in a queue anymore), put in some great wheely baskets and somehow managed to pack even more stock in whilst removing some of the aisles.All in all you're left with a lot better store than what we had before. It's still slightly overpriced compared to the bigger boys but has a good range of stock (lots of it Co-Op approved if that floats your boat), plenty of booze and has convenient enough opening hours to make it indispensable for the transport challenged city centre dweller (like me).In fact I think I might nip down just now...
