3	The custard was very good, but I could not believe how little you get for $3.  My husband had a gelati (custard and italian ice combo) and it was really good especially in the Phoenix heat.
5	Don't let the silly name fool you; this place has some serious frozen treats.  We've all had our fair share of sno-cones and Italian ice.  Ice chips doused with sugary syrup, often settling at the bottom.  In my opinion, these frozen desserts suck.  Rita's reinvents the sno-cone.  It's like Baskin Robbins but with flavored ice instead of ice cream.  No ice chips here!  The frozen ice is crushed so fine that it's like sherbet, complete with each flavor mixed in.  There are close to fourteen flavors of Italian ice to choose from, two of which are sugar-free.  Did I mention the have some PHENOMENAL custard?!  It's thick, rich and decadent.  Rita's keeps the custard simple:  chocolate or vanilla and also "Slenderita" versions too.    The best part about Rita's is what they do with these two components.  Yes, you can have the Italian ice or custard by themselves, but I highly recommend trying one of their unique creations.  The Misto blends Italian ice and frozen custard together to create a decadent shake.  Take this to the next level with a Blendini: custard, Italian ice and your favorite "mix-ins"--almost like a Dairy Queen Blizzard, but more flavorful (and highly customizable).  Order the Gelati to get the best of both worlds; it's like a parfait of happiness:  custard, Italian ice, topped with custard. I had the vanilla custard, mango Italian ice, topped with a dollop of vanilla custard.  The best part was when I reached the bottom--the custard had just began to melt, creating a sinful combination of creamy mango goodness.  As soon as I began consuming my treat I was a happy, happy girl.  I guess that's why they call it Rita's Ice Custard Happiness.
5	Having living in Philly for 8 years, Rita's arrival in Phoenix is nothing short of glorious.  My daughter and I waited oh so patiently (not really, but we had no choice) for their opening and now think we show great restraint by only going once, maybe twice a week...If they have coconut cream ice, go for it, it's heavenly!
5	Fun place, tasty custard and excellent customer service.  Both times I have been, Keith has been behind the counter.  He is very informative and was kind enough to let me try a few flavors before deciding on my vanilla custard with hot fudge.  Will definitely be back:)
5	I sure hope this place survives.  The frozen treats are EXCELLENT, I particularly like the Italian Ices.  The portions are generous and very satisfying.If you've not given it a try, it's worth a few miles drive out of your way to see what you think!  You wont be disappointed.
4	I really thought I was having just a summer fling with Rita's. But the cold(er) weather has arrived and still find myself answering longingly the siren songs of misto's and gelati's. So good. I'm an east coaster at heart and this is as close as it gets to the real thing. And let's face it, what's better than a real italian ice? Custard! At Rita's you can have your italian ice and eat your custard too. Beyond the product, the service is always friendly enough and they offer enough deals to keep me coming back. It's that simple.
5	I was so excited to find out Rita's has a few shops in Arizona and one happens to be pretty close to me! I was a little confused at first because back in Philly, there is no inside, you just order at a window and remain outside. But by golly, I'm glad Rita (well, whoever owns this location) decided to make me open a door and walk inside to the indoor counter because 105 degrees is way to hot to enjoy a wooder ice outside!The inside is very open and with only four small tables, with four chairs each, it's understandable. It is well lit and very clean. You have easy access to see the menu and the frozen custard options. This location has two soft serve machine each with two flavors and one "twist" option that combines the two. You also have 12-14 water ice ( a supper smooth Italian ice) flavor options and just so you know, if you choose a fruit flavor one, say watermelon, you also get pieces of the fresh fruit in your ice! My favorite option is a Gelati where they layer the soft serve frozen custard with the water ice! So yummy and so refreshing in these summer months. For those with a super sweet tooth you can also add toppings like jimmies (aka sprinkles) or have candy mix-ins, like a blizzard from DQ, that is called Blendini.Don't be shy to ask for samples, its hard to choose from all the flavors, so expect to visit more than once as they do rotate their flavor options. For those a little more health conscious, Rita's does offer a low fat custard option and two sugar free water ice flavors. I love Rita's and am so happy there is one here, it brings back fond memories of the East Coast!
4	Looking for something refreshing to escape this crazy AZ heat? Rita's may be your answer!  I stopped by yesterday with Lindsey F, and was pleasantly surprised by all of the unique flavors of ice and custard to choose from: Swedish Fish? Check! (and it tastes exactly like the candy).  Lemonade, Cherry, Mango? Check, Check, Check!  I ended up taking home a quart of half lemonade and half cherry.  My husband and I dug into it last night.Next time I'll have to try the custard... or perhaps the Sour Patch Kid flavor that is coming out this week!  Mmmm!
4	Finally! I found something to be happy about during this heat wave: Rita's! Although I've never visited their original locations in Jersey and Philadelphia, I heard through the grapevine how delicious their ice and custards were. So when I realized there was one in Arcadia, I was excited to stop in for a taste! Let me say that I was more than pleased with the ice! The lovely ladies were more than eager to give me samples of the different flavors (that rotate throughout the month) and they said that the flavors tasted exactly like their name. Swedish Fish? We'll see if the taste matches the flavor, I thought, and wow! I seriously felt like I was eating a Swedish Fish minus the chewiness. The flavor was exactly like the candy. Cotton Candy and S'mores followed suit and tasted exactly like their names as well! It's pretty unbelievable considering it's an ice! With every spoonful, I felt immediately refreshed and learned that it has something to do with how the ice's are made. Instead of using ice and adding flavor, they make the flavor with liquid and then freeze it to make the ice. This is why the flavors are so fresh! After tasting several flavors, I ended up leaving with a cup of a combination of cherry and lemonade. The flavors complimented each other wonderfully and it was the perfect way to continue my day without melting in the heat! I also ordered a pint of cherry (red), a pint of blueberry raspberry (blue) and a pint of lemonade (white), for a 4th of July BBQ (I hear it goes great with some vodka too!)
4	thanks to a review by Tasia T, we were burning up the AZ summer and needed a refreshing break from yard work. a short drive from the house in my most fashionable dirty yard work clothes and nasty sun hat and the wife and I were enjoying a fabulously cool concoction that is frozen custard. there is something strange about custard....it's not frosty cold like ice cream or fro yo, and it's rich and creamy and cold, but doesn't give that cold belly/head feeling. which can be good or bad. in any case, i stuck with the boring swirl vanilla and chocolate but was very happy with my choice. the wife picked the smores italian ice with vanilla custard thingy. it tasted like cotton candy to me...a little too sweet...which is why i had 3 bites instead of 1. they have fresh daily italian ice in all sorts of flavors and you can have them mixed with or without your custard, and there's even a DQ style blizzard mix they can fix up for you. cute and friendly, and about 6 bucks for a cup of custard and that thing my wife had.
5	My favorite custard place,  coffee custard or strawberry w/ hot fudge = AWESOME!!!
5	Finally rode down to Rita's one hot summer evening and I'm sure glad I did! I am in love with their gelati. Remember Mr. Misty floats from dairy queen? It's like that! Not only is the frozen custard delicious, but swedish fish flavored italian ice to go with it?! SOLD! I can't get enough of this place.
4	Just moved to Scottsdale from Philadelphia and was ecstatic when I found out there was a Rita's 5 minutes away. I had been craving mango water ice and decided to go on a Wednesday and much to my surprise there was a line out the door. There were at least 30 screaming kids in athletic uniforms running around so it's not the best place for a quiet dessert, but an excellent treat for those looking for a reprieve from the Phoenix heat.
5	We got free samples at Yelp Helps (a week ago). Since then, we have been back three times! A friend of mine is on a gluten free diet and she loves the Italian Water Ice.
5	I was first introduced to this place when I lived on the east coast and I loved it then and continue to love it. Phoenix is the perfect place to expand to. Their italian ice flavors are unique and just plain yummy. Recently my daughter tried the swedish fish and it tasted just like a swedish fish. My other daughter likes the honeydew melon. I like that they have seating because back east some of the places are just walk up windows. Everyone should check this place out during the summer especially. Awesome customer service too. Clean and inviting.
5	Pros: Ever since I got a free sample of this product at a Yelp event, I have been eating this stuff every other week. Frozen ices are so good. The soft ice is so much smoother and lighter than  a slushy or a snow cone. The flavors are less sugary sweet and more refine. My favorite flavors are pear, Swedish fish, and cotton candy. Cons: My favorite flavor is pear and they are sometimes out of it. That's my only complaint.
5	This is, absolutely, my favorite Italian Ice Place!  This place is incredible.  This is not the usual  Italian ice you would pick up from the supermarket or the local chain ice cream shop.  There are an abundance of flavors at Rita's Ice Custard HappinessOn my first visit to Rita's I tried the lemon Italian ice.  I have to admit this Italian ice was just as good if not better the any I ever had back in New York. This Italian ice is made with all natural ingredients.  The lemon Italian ice was light, lemony, faintly sweet, and ultimately refreshing.    The quality of their product, coupled with a hard-to-fiind variety of flavors, and excellent customer service makes Rita's Ice
5	Yummy!I've actually been to all three locations (I think there's only the three), and they're all the same. Yummy, refreshing Italian ice & custard, and really friendly service. Personally, I like the gelati, which is the water ice layered w/ custard (I do it w/vanilla, but of course the Italian ice flavor varies).They normally have about 12 Italian ice flavors featured and they're constantly rotating.  Personally, I kind of like this because it makes me try new things, but if there's a flavor that you get really attached to they may not have it the next time you come in.
5	This is my absolutely favorite custard!  Growing up in Philly, there's a Rita's in every neighborhood.  I missed it desperately through the long AZ summers, but I was thrilled to discover that this location has the same tasty custard!!  I love the vanilla, in a cone...  It's creamy and smooth, uniquely flavored and, in my opinion, unlike any other custard/ice cream in town.  And the light custard tastes amazing!The water ice is phenomenal, too, and the gelatti, which is a combination of custard and water ice, is so refreshing!  Go on in for an authentic taste of Philly.  Now, if they'd just get the pretzels, too....
3	I came here last night.  My husband, two of our kids and I got Gelatis, but we had the misfortune of being served by the most mechanical, emotionless, robotic employee ever.  I attempted to make small talk with her...nothing.  My husband and I mused over what flavors to try...no offer for sample tastes.  We finally selected our flavors and her service was just as cold and mechanical as if she'd been a robot.  Even conspicuously dropping a tip in her tip jar didn't elicit a thank you, or any kind of acknowledgement of appreciation.   In fact, I was so turned off by her demeanor that I asked her name as we were leaving, which apparently made her nervous because she immediately got more personable, unfortunately we were walking out the door by that time and I was already turned off by her impersonal service.Jessie, you should always treat your customers like friends, offer a smile and try to be genuine.  If you recite a forced and bored greeting as they walk through the door, and don't attempt to interact with them past asking the basic questions about what they want and their total at the register then you've failed.Also, I wasn't sure, but I think our Gelatis were made backwards with a squirt of frozen custard, a layer of Italian Ice and another layer of Italian Ice on top of that one and then a squirt of custard on the top.  Shouldn't the Italian Ice layers be separated by a layer of custard so the flavors don't get mixed together??  Oh well...  This was an all around disappointing experience.
5	YAAAAAAS! Why was this place not crowded when it's amazingly, yummy and it's hot out? (Wait, it's always hot here- but you get my drift y'all!)Get over the fact that you have to dedicate yourself to a serving of ice cream, slush or milkshake when you can literally have all of them in one here. Now Rita's doesn't serve ice cream, they have frozen custard which is even better and a slush so fine and flavorful I could eat it forever. The girl helping me was so nice and explained Rita' concept, their menu and let me sample their flavors. She told me the Mango with Vanilla custard Gelati was a popular choice and that's what I went with. Though the Swedish fish and Passionfruit flavored ice was worth mentioning.The mango slush was so fine, tasted like Manila mangoes without leaving that sickeningly sweet, artificial taste in the back of your throat and was so good with the thick, dense frozen custard.Finished the medium size all on my own in a matter of minutes and a few brain freezes.
5	omg love love love love love. yeesss!! yummy
5	One of the best parts of summer in Philly is right here is Arcadia!  Love the sour patch flavor and nothing is as yummy as the frozen custard or their authentic Philly pretzels.
5	I love Rita's! I remember enjoying SO many summer nights full of water ice back in Philadelphia, so you can imagine my excitement when I realized that Rita's followed me to the Valley of the Sun ;)The Cream Ice is delicious. I love the Mint Chocolate Chip and Mint Oreo. The S'mores is also yummy. The non-cream Ice flavors are often too sweet for me. My husband and parents love the Custard!
5	Amazingly delicious!  I've just recently found out about this icee-custard deliciousness called a gelati. You select your icee flavor and then it is both topped and bottomed with creamy frozen custard. Wow!  We went the other evening for dessert and were not disappointed. Store was clean, and both employees were friendly and allowed us samples until our decision was made. I recommend a mango gelati. YUM!!!
4	Good service.  Knowledgeable staff.  Endless concoctions of a delicious summer treat! Get their regular size, it's plenty of tasty goodness.  Share the large. Do it & njoy!!!
5	1 star for the clean establishment1 star for the great staff, providing great service and samples1 star for the great flavored ice, they had cotton candy when I came in (nostalgia ...)1 star for their creamy, dense, vanilla custard1 star for making me not feel like a fatty while I ate a large cup in the corner watching Tangled on their TVI ordered a Large cup of the Cotton Candy Ice with Vanilla Gelati, if you're a fan of Cotton Candy like me you'll love this. This was my favorite flavor as a child and wanted a trip down memory lane and got just that ... Great place that serves one of the best ice's I've ever had, flavorful and not overly sweet. There is no artificial flavor lingering in the back of your throat even half way eating your dessert. This place is great and the girls working here are friendly and great.Can't wait to be back to try more of their ice flavors!
5	Came here a few weeks ago and (I may be behind on the times), but this was my first frozen custard and I like it better than ice cream. Will def be back!
