4	Heres the short review. I spent more than  i ever thought I should on a "haircut" But I wanted to experience a straight razor shave. So I ponied up the dough. Review? The Bride of over 20 years was stunned and said I have never looked better.For those of you who know what that means, you understand why this is a priceless thing worth ANYTHING *nudge nudge*Old school, leather seats, lots of magazines etc. and every station has a TV, Since I went for the full treatment, the owner went all out and made time for my first straight razor shave.... holy smoke monster! this was the best shave I've ever had in y life..... it was the shave of my dreams! my skin never felt better!It lasted for DAYS! No afternoon shadow... it was orgasmic. My skin was sorta splotchy, so I took the owners recomendaion and did the facial so wrapped in warn wowels, i let like  Al Capone wrapped up as my skin opened its poers.... I just needed a cigar sicking out (not a smoker, but a prop would be fun!)having someone slice across your neck with a straight razor is a matter of trust, but this trust is soooooo payed back in spades.Harircut? basic haircut, but when a artisian does it, it becomes elivated to... better... but better.I have one issue, and that is that from start to finish, I was bombarded by the owner trying to sell me creams, oils, shaving kits etc. Yes YES I want them! but I just blew $100 on the greatest  man-spa experienceof my life, but please, couldnt you try and hold back on the hardcore pushy salesmanship and let me enjoy the experience withought selling me in every breath? I admit, the result was awesome, but the experience was marred.Not t mention that when I returned, I was berated for not coming back sooner, even though I told him I think so highly of him that I traveled from Gilbert to north scottesdale to see him when I can. I though te economy is tough, but I dont like walking in to a frown, and a scolding.But te man is a craftsman in he extreme so while I'm searching for other options, this remains the bar I judge everyone else by.And the massage after is a welcome bit of yummmmmmmmLoses a point for constant infomercialism, and berating me for not coming in more, instead of appreciating the fact that I drive almost 100 .miles round trip because of his skill. Which is also why I would love to find a place closer.
1	I would gladly give this place less than 1 star if I could. I went in here to get a haircut after reading the reviews and and found the place to look like a good modern barber shop. After sitting and telling the owner of the shop what I wanted (a military high and tight). He commenced to cutting my hair the way he felt it should be cut. I interrupted him several times telling him that he was not doing as I asked. He simply said "what you want is wrong." He told me it wouldn't look right. HMMM, I could be wrong, but Isn't that up to THE CUSTOMER??? He refused to cut my hair the way I wanted. This review wouldn't be complete without telling how during the entire haircut, he kept sneezing and continued to blow his nose into one of the barber towels then went right back to touching my head. That was just plain DISGUSTING!!! All that and this place is waaaay overpriced!!!!!Count me out on this place!
5	Just got another great cut. Mens club is the only place where I have never had a bad cut. Great service as well I really appreciate that after being gone for 6 weeks they remember my name & style.
5	Always have armen cut my hair. Always good and professional guy. Highly recommend.
1	I have visited this Barbershop three times in the last 3 months and had received three haircuts. My first and 3rd haircut were from the owner and the second from a quiet girl who's chair is beside the owners. I do not know there names. The atmosphere is cold and the people I have encountered working there are not social or welcoming. I did not feel that my business was needed or appreciated on any of my visits. I thanked them but did not receive gratitude in return, not even after leaving a $5 tip on a so so $21 haircut. The first haircut I received was satisfactory, not the best but I was happy with it. It was fairly quick and he got the job done how I asked. The second haircut was from the girl, she was overly meticulous and took 3 times longer than the first. My haircut came out the same as the first but took far too long.On my 3rd visit I walked in, was not greeted although the owner looked right at me, looked away, and walked outside on a personal phone call. He never said hello or greeted me. He spoke on the phone for about 10 minutes while I waited. There were two other girls cutting hair within 10 feet of me who never bothered to greet me either. The owner walked back in and told me to have a seat, asked me what I wanted, and proceeded to cut my hair. This time around, he literally butchered my hair. He kept cutting and cutting and cutting until there was nothing left. When my hair couldn't get any shorter, he pulled out some thinning scissors(Never knew what these were until now) and cut multiple times as I watched chunks of hair fall into my lap. I look bald on the top of my head now thanks to this guy. To say the least, after a few experiences I will NEVER EVER go back. I'd recommend V's down the street. The price is the same, the people are friendly, and the haircuts are better.
1	"It sucks and it cuts"  ...  A line from "Wayne's World" and it fits these hacks to a tee!  They suck when it comes to men's hair cuts!! I'd give them no stars but that's not an option.I got some guy from Russia (I think) and I couldn't understand a word this idiot said.He apparently didn't understand English either as I was incredibly specific as to what I wanted ....  Or he decided that what I wanted wasn't important.  I literally had to yell "stop" trying to avoid what was becoming a mess and I only wished I would have yelled louder and sooner.I may literally have to go to another shop and get my dome buzzed in an effort to look less like a murder victim in a monster movie.The store was dated, dirty, and had a ton of class ....  Trouble was, it was all third class!I'm serious, for a better hair cut, go to pet's mart, go to the back of the store where they wash and trim the pups ....  You'll walk out better and you won't have fleas, which I'm pretty sure I got from the "Men's Club Barber-Hack"The best news is they won't be around very long
5	Great experience with great service! A good value all the way around. I've been going there for several years and the result is consistent each visit.
5	Solid, Straight-Up, Full-Service Barbershop.  Sayat and colleagues have been here for 7+ years and doing it _right_. Don't accept anything less than professionals like these!My favorites are the fine imported English Truefitt & Hill shaving products and creams. Cuisine aside, there are some things those Brits have gotten right and T&H is one of them!!Go all the way and spoil yourself with the royal treatment: cut, shave, shampoo, and facial. WOW.Got a favorite channel? He likely has it, just ask and your personal television can keep you tuned in.These guys (and gal) are proud of their work and of their business and it shows. No corporate chains and their hacked wares and kitchy gimmicks here, just solid, locally-owned, quality service for a value price, and a ready-for-tonight result. DO it!No messing around! Kids are welcome but must be well-behaved. As it should be. I remember one time Sayat stopped for a minute to take dad aside and quietly ask him to keep his screaming rugrats in check. Nice!Tip: Best time to go is mid-morning. And bring your tablet.This shop is popular, so you may have to wait a few minutes.  Free wifi, so you can keep up with Yelp Talk, catch up on your Yelp reviews or check your mail during the short wait.Small-tweak Suggestions:. change up the covers for your ceiling fluorescents. those bulbs are just a bit harsh on they eyes while I'm laid back enjoying a shave and those awesome hot towels.. add some eucalyptus oil to the water for soaking your hot towels. it makes the whole experience like a resort spa day. aromatherapy!. restuff those *beautiful* antique chairs along the wall. cushy-while-we-wait (especially for our bony behinds) equals LUXURY!  :)______FULL DISCLOSURE: while in the chair at MCB yesterday, owner Sayat asked me  to write a review here. He wondered why I wouldn't do it from my phone, right there!! Ouch. The pressure!I am writing today because honestly, I was *sure* I had reviewed him years ago when I posted that pic (where did my review go?), not because he asked me to.I've explained to Sayat what "bobbleheads" are and that "bobblehead" one-off reviews, even from legitimate and real customers are sometimes filtered, no matter if they are 1-star or 5-star. It's part of the formula. (We WELCOME new folks to Yelp, especially when joining is motivated by telling your great story about a local business!!)I also tried to hint that it's just uncool to ask for or pressure your clients for reviews.
5	I have been going to Sayat, the owner of Men's Club Barbershop, for over 10 years.  When I started going to him, he was working at another place.  But several years ago, he opened his own shop at the Scottsdale/101 shopping center.  He's next to Subway and Starbucks.Anyway, I make an appointment each visit so that I don't have to wait.  Just show up for your time and your in the chair within 10 minutes.  There is free wi-fi and a collection of magazines along with the day's AZ Republic to pass the time. What I like about Sayat is that I get the same haircut each time.  No worries that I'm going to get a bad cut.  He takes his time and delivers.  The cut is consistent every time.  If you are looking for a place to call home and keep coming back for the long-term, Men's Club is it.
2	I've been going to this place for about 4 years now. There is a serious variation in the kind of service you get here. With the ladies, it's been nothing but impeccable service. You get what you pay for with your $21 haircut. They take their time, and they do a really good job, all while being personable and engaging. The same can't be said for the guys who run this joint. I've had several experiences where I've had to resort to one of the men to do my haircut, and I'm disappointed every time. The main problem for me is that the guys who work here (and own the place) just don't seem to care about the customer at all. They perform a hack job on your hair with clippers, and expect that the lackluster, awkward massage at the end will make up for the incompetence. I'm sorry, but if i have to fix my haircut at home, I might as well do it myself.So what was the last straw that led me to post this review? Paying extra for a beard trim without having my neck shaved. Sounds minuscule, but for a 50% addition to the price, just totally unacceptable. Additionally, because the barber sneezed into, and wiped his hands onto the same towel that hung around till the end of the session.One might ask, "why do you continue to go here? Find another barber!" To that, I regress back to the women who work at this establishment. I've never had a better experience in my life. It's such a toss up. This place needs some serious improvement, yet it has some amazing things going for it. Five stars for the employees who shine, negative 3 for the ones who hold this place back.
5	men's club barbershop has unfortunately closed its doors. i absolutely stand by my review below if you'd like to take a look. these guys are proud of their work and it shows in the care and result of your cut or service.Sayat and crew have MOVED to the barbershop across from Target at Desert Ridge. 21001 N Tatum Blvd, Phoenix. They *only* take appointments at the new location, so you have to call them to book. 480-538-0999.
