4	I have been a Jubilee customer for the last 5 years.  Tonya has consistently done a good job styling my hair, and while not cheap, her prices are competitive for an African-American hair salon.  This is your typical "booth rental" salon, in which each stylist sets their own price. Tonya charges $45 for a wash, blow-dry and style, and $75 for a relaxer, which includes a trim. She also does weaves, color, etc.  Other stylists specialize in braiding.  Although they do take walk-ins, it is preferable to make an appointment in advance.  Unlike many other salons, I've never had to wait more than 30 minutes, TOPS- Tonya does a good job at managing her appointments and not double-booking.  (I can't say the same for other stylists; unfortunately, I've seen people waiting long amounts of time, and stylists who have "forgotten" that they had appointments and never showed up). The salon, while not fancy, is always clean and well-stocked. They also have a separate section that is a nail salon, but I've never used those services.This salon is a bit off the beaten path- on Rainbow Blvd off of the 95, but if you're a local looking for a salon specializing in African-American hair styling, I'd consider Jubilee.
1	I had the worst experience in my life dealing with Ms.Cherry!  I had set up an appointment for a specific time for her service. Upon my arrival one of the employees let her know that I was there for my appointment..  10 minutes later  Ms.Cherry came to acknowledge me and advised me that she couldn't see me for my appointment for at least another 30 minutes, for which I wasn't able to wait the additional half an hour because of my prior schedule..     So, instead of her suggesting to re-book appointment for another day, she proceeded to lead me to the front door, opened it and said Good bye. That is the rudest treatment  I've ever received by a so-called professional person.    Good luck Ms.Cherry on my ever recommending you to any of my friends based on how you treated me.    Val
5	This salon is African American owned and operated. Not originally from Vegas I had a hard time finding a salon/ stylist that can do MY type of hair.  Make an appointment with Apel. She is the BEST!The salon is spacious, clean and you can even get your nails done here.  The location is very convenient. I recommend this salon highly.
