4	Jardin de Jade's buffet is open every day of the week. Not only that, this huge Chinatown venue is a banquet facility, and handles dim sum service and karaoke, to boot. Friends and I trooped in for lunch one Sunday, and despite the crowd of locals and tourists, were seated quickly.There's no Americanized Chinese food in their buffet (uh, you're not in the US), you'll instead find numerous tasty, traditional Cantonese and Szechuan options, including atypical items like Chinese sausage, beef egg stew, congee (yes, like the soup), breadsticks, and PIG FEET - I love pig feet; theirs tasted somewhat sweet! Typical buffet dishes and desserts are there like lo mein, pizza, hot dogs, pudding, jello, and little cakes.For all the quality food you're going to eat, their pre-tip price-per-head - about C$10; 15% tip expected - is an appetizing bargain. (Credit cards accepted.) Jardin de Jade is a buffet to be reckoned with - stop in!
5	Bao!There's the buffet in the back, but the store in the front is a dedicated bun aka "bao" pumping machine for to-go orders. You can smell the sweet fluffy bread from a block away. They have meat and veggie buns and of course the classic b.b.q. pork bun aka "char siu bao." They aren't like the ones you get at dim sum. These bad boys are big, like Costco-big, like size of a baby's head-big. Eat a couple of these baos, and you're stuffed.Tips: You gotta know what you want. It's crazy Canto style up in there. They also sell some dim sum.
1	Buffets are buffets are buffets.  It's like a bad story retold for the nth time.  When you've had BAD chinese buffet, you've had this place.  Greasy noodles, coagulated beef and broccoli, browned and bruised "fresh" veggies...Please steer clear!
1	Worst buffet ever. Food was incredibly greasy and the food tasted extremely bland. Tried to pour out of one of the soy sauce bottles on the table, but it was more of a syrup than a sauce. Gross. Definitely a big mistake going to a buffet in Chinatown when Im sure there a dozens of other places in the area that I would have gladly gave my money to instead.
4	Being born and raised on NYC-Chinese food is no duck walk.  As a kid, I relished it...chicken wings and fried rice with french fries..egg rolls, you name it, I was all about it!  I know that's not true Chinese cuisine but those that grew up in NYC know what I'm talking about.  Fast-forward to today and I scratch my head wondering how anyone that moves outta NYC craves NYC-style Chinese.  Today, Chinese food in the 5 boroughs couldn't be more unappetizing to me as a NYC-area resident.  So I avoid it and celebrate each time I do...Now I always heard that Chinese food in Canada can make one give up their religious beliefs...being that this is the cuisine I despise most, I gave it little to no thought until one of my friends took fried rice back to NYC on a visit to Montreal some 5 years ago.  And this is what brought me to Jardin Jade Poon Kai.Ordinarily, we all know that in the States, going to a Chinese buffet is likened to intestinal suicide...and perhaps tastebud-ICU.  And, like many other compare-and-contrast issues between Canada and the US...Jade Poon Kai turned that "avoid-buffets" theory right on its ass!   Take it from me, because I really do hate Chinese food with a passion, but Jade Poon Kai made me get that same feeling I had about Chinese food as a shorty growing up in the Bronx.The fried rice was point-blank...just rice and a scant bit of veggies to boot...I don't even think I saw any but the fact that there was NOTHING to this rice visually, yet it tasted like everything good in this world went into the preparation tells me that Montreal's Chinatown chefs need to train the ones cooking in Canal Street...badly.I don't dig on swine, so read the other reviews if you wanna find out about that.  That said, I did try the wonton soup (with just the noodles, no swine) and I demand to know why the NYC varieties have medium brown-colored broth?  Jade Poon Kai's wonton soup broth was clear as water and equally as flavorful.  Maybe another testament to Canada's food prep standards versus the States, who knows?  Fresh scallions and fried noodles are on the side for you to sort of, "create" your own wonton soup.  Absolute joy right there!The noodle offerings and varieties were standard but very good.  It helps a great deal that this place remains busy so their food remains relatively fresh for a buffet, since there's continuous turnover.This may not be as comprehensive of a review as others you might read but remember what I said earlier..I REALLY HATE CHINESE FOOD...and yet Jardin de Jade Poon Kai made me regret that I had such disdain for it.  But then again this is Montreal we're talking about...everything just tastes better up there.  So I'll continue hating it down here and loving it north of the border.
1	The best anything got here for me was vaguely acceptable, at a normal Chinese buffet I don't expect much but this place was still a disappointment, I couldn't even finish one plate of food, do yourself a favor and eat at one of the many other Chinese restaurants instead.
1	Greasy, questionable interpretations of dishes that did not seem fresh. Even allowing for the difference between Chinese food in different regions, this was  terrible.
1	The price is right but the food is not. Oily, heavy, greasy, uninspired, inauthentic, and just downright gross.
1	When I first met my (now) wife, this restaurant is where we went on one of our first dates. The service was good and the food was fantastic. It was a very memorable experience for both of us. Last week we returned to Montreal for the first time in three years and were eager to return to our favorite Chinese buffet. To say we were disappointed would be a massive understatement. The food looked like it had been sitting out for days. The vegetables were brown and spoiled. The sauces were syrupy and disgusting. The meats were nauseatingly greasy. The store-bought steamed buns were so old they had fused with the paper they were sitting on. There was not one dish I can honestly say I enjoyed... and I tried a LOT of dishes. Normally I'd feel guilty at a buffet if I didn't eat everything on my plate before going back for more. Here I felt like I was doing the next guy a favor.The place is now wallpapered with advertisements for an assortment of absurdly extravagant alcoholic drinks (we're talking umbrellas, dry ice, and fruit wedges). I have to assume pushing these overpriced novelties is their focus now - serving good food certainly is not.Absolutely disgusting. The only redeeming aspect is how quick they are to refill your drink... and you're going to need a lot of refills to wash the taste out of your mouth. Avoid.
3	While not the best Chinese buffet I've ever been to, it certainly wasn't the worst by any means.  It's in the middle of Chinatown, so at least the food tasted like it was made by people who know what they are doing.I tried everything.  And everything tasted good.  But not a lot of it was memorable.  I did get seconds on the chicken feet and the braised short ribs.  But again, not much to write home about.I read the past reviews of this place and I have to say that all of the dishes looked and tasted fresh as far as I could tell.  And the grease level on most of the dishes seemed within typical expectations at a Chinese buffet.Not bad.  Not great.  I got full.  And it was cheap.
3	I do not come here for the scarey buffet.  Instead, I come here for the cheap and always pleasant bakery area.  While all of the streets are dead quiet in the early morning and Poon Kai is the only storefront open.  Grab some freshly baked items and enjoy them on the red picnic tables out front, on the quiet brick street in the early hours.  There is nothing better than eating a massive steaming sesame ball in the middle of winter.   The two-handed act of devouring the crispy treat, filling your face with warm steam as you enjoy the hearty sweet interior... This entire experience for a dollar coin.  Need I say more?
3	I eat here every couple of months, when I'm in the mood to stuff my face with as much food as possible for under $12 including tax and tip (2pm special). Coming here is like playing the lottery. Will you win or will you lose? Is the food today going to be good or is it going to be crap? Whenever you go, there'll be at least a few dishes which aren't totally gross. There are some that, even just by the look of them, you know are going to be totally gross. Do not take the hard boiled eggs! They are ALWAYS hard and gross. Ditto the red bean tong sui.4.5* to the separate bakery section at the other door. 90c pork buns FTW!
3	There are a lot of bad reviews for this place, but I didn't find it so bad.  The inside of the restaurant is run down, but service was polite and attentive.  The price was cheap.  It's a buffet that offers many, many choices.  Some dishes are better, some are worse.  We went very late at night, and enjoyed that...:- There were bamboo baskets of dim sum at 10pm.- There is a drink station for coffee, tea (both oolong & jasmine) and fruit drinks.  - They had some very traditional Chinese veggies (nappa, black fungus, yams, etc).- They had a pot of glutenous (sticky) rice in addition to plain and fried.- There were several seafood selections (crab, baby squid, shrimp, fish).- There were traditional gross out dishes (stewed pigs feet, chicken feet, tripe).I would eat there again, but only during lunch or late night prices ($11.99) since I'm a cheapo.
3	Coming here during the week yields a noticeably different experience...offerings not as fresh as the weekends but still light-years better than the best NYC dares to offer. By no means should this place vanish from anyone's radar, but you'll be best advised to stick to this spot on weekends.Remember, this comes from someone who thinks Chinese food is a gross failure of the culinary arts. Therefore, feel free to roam about this wonderful buffet spot..on weekends.
2	Our petite China town is pretty cool here in Montreal.  I ate at JDJPKR, (I use that for short), for lunch today.  There's a massive buffet!  Overall though, I found the quality of food a bit disappointing.  The mussels weren't great, the ginger beef was fatty, even the chicken balls had very little ball in them.Price was cheap, but I tasted why.  I may try China town again tomorrow...different place!Does not take Amex.
1	After seeing the number of people in the restaurant, I thought that this place would be a winner - after all, all Chinese food must be awesome in Chinatown... right?  Sadly, no...  Although it was a Sat. night at 7 p.m. and the place was busy, the food tasted like it was out since lunch.  I tried a variety of dishes, and found nothing worth mentioning (I stayed away from the chicken feet). Often, I couldn`t even finish what I took... for example, the one chicken ball I took was as hard as a rock (couldn`t cut or bite through it).  I took a bite of fried rice and almost chipped my tooth on a small bone fragment.  I took a couple of fresh-made onion rings that just came out, thinking that they couldn`t screw that up... and they did - it was undercooked and mushy.  I thought the food was prepared without care or flavour and certainly without inspiration.  The decore was equally as run down and dirty.  As someone else mentioned, the water was filled quickly, but there were floaties in the (new) glass.  In the end, I was disappointed to pay $15 plus tax for such a bad experience.  There are probably many other, better places in the area where we could have gone!  Please stay away.
1	We had both just arrived to Montreal and we were both hungry. I gave the final decision to my girlfriend: "You decide."I have never been so disappointed in my girlfriend. The food was horrid, old, rancid, nameless, and unknown. I don't think it is fair for me to lay blame on my girlfriend, because after all there were many people sitting to eat here, and many seemed to enjoy it. I don't get it. Neither of us understood how there were people in the restaurant eating, and how many of them look satisfied. I regularly eat Chinese food in Toronto, and I feel like I know how Chinese food should taste. The food at Jardin de Jade however was not this food.The decor was old and dated. The food was old and soggy. Not once did I see anyone refill any of the food, or change any of the hotel pans. They had pizza, which was really a great pleasure, because if it weren't for that pizza, I would have surely passed great hunger later that night. The service was somewhat good. They made an effort to clear the tables of leftover food, which was a lot at times since the food was truly putrid. Our server was also nice, and refilled the water regularly, which was necessary for me to wash down most of the food. I knew I would be sick that night.On my way out, to pay the bill, I overheard one of the servers ask one of her guests: "Do you have a tip for me?", after they had already settled their bill with the front cashier. I don't know why they gave her any money. For what they paid for horrible food, which would undoubtedly make them both sick, the server should have paid us.I don't think we will ever understand how people ate that food that night. It was horrible and for that I leave this review as a warning for others.Don't be fooled. Don't eat here.
3	This is not the best Chinese buffet that I have been to, but it is also not bad - in fact I discovered some new dishes here that I had not seen in any other Chinese buffett.It is located in Montreal's tiny Chinatown, which is mostly Vitenamese and Laotian, but the place offers decent food at excellent prices and it is one of those places that one always eats too much for too little and then is thirsty from all the salty food for the next 48 hours.The mussels and garlicked octopus were as good as any that I've had anywhere. and I did notice that there were also a few Western dishes (pasta, etc.) but didn't try any.There were quite a few varieties of soup and the salad bar was really good with a top notch seaweed salad.There is also a stir fry station and the usual unusual Chinese only dishes like chicken feet...Excellent service by a cadre of young Chinese girls.They also have ice cream and fresh fruit and a wide variety of Jello flavors.Good deal for the money.
2	First time here for late-night dinner. The food was slightly cold and the waiter told me to heat it up in the microwave.Service was slow, and the food was just bad... Although for just about 13$ you can fill up your stomach.Please don't come here unless you are desperate for food at 11pm.
1	I'm amazed some places can stay open for business for so long despite being so clearly consistently horrible. Why oh why didn't I check the Yelp reviews?!This is the worst buffet I've ever been to. The worst Chinese food I've ever had. The food has clearly been sitting out for hours. Multiple items are unlabelled and the ones that are labelled are pretty much done with Sharpies on a greasy sneeze guard. I've never seen so little effort put into presentation. I'm still having nightmares about the chocolate pudding just plopped into a metal insert. I don't have to tell you what it looked like. Chinese sticky buns (dessert) placed beside meat items because why not, I guess?And that doesn't even touch on the food. Oh, the food. If only my party had listened to the voice telling us "Something seems odd about how this tastes..." 2 out of 3 of us were throwing up within the hour. I will say we both felt MUCH better after this.The only good part of our dining experience was how much we were able to laugh at how ridiculous the whole place was. Reading terrible reviews from fellow Yelpers got us through part of the night.I will say our server was quite nice and attentive. Yay.For the love of all that is holy, stay away. In a busy and bustling Chinatown, we somehow chose this place. Don't make the same mistake.
3	Big portions. Low prices. Low quality. Basically, quantity over quality.The restaurant offers buffet or takeout. The buffet is relatively cheap, and the cheapness is reflected in the quality of the food. Likewise for the takeout, they give you huge portions for a low price at the expense of quality.I recommend the takeout if you're looking for a quick and cheap eat, but I would keep my expectations low. I wouldn't recommend the buffet.
3	After a busy day of walking around Montreal doing touristy things, we were hungry.  My two year old child was no longer scared of the status of lions in Chinatown, so we decided to look for a chinese buffet.First Chinatown isn't very chinese anymore, there is a lot of Thai and Korean in the area.  Secondly, the Chinese buffet my parents used to take me to as a child, the one with scrumptous food, and horrible washrooms was no longer in existance.  Walking around a bit we went onto Lagauchetiere and stumbled on Jade.  The host had seated all of the asian customers closest to the windows so us whiteys would say - "If there's asians eating there, then it has to be good".  Well the marketing ploy worked and we were inside and seated within moments of entering.The place is huge inside.  You could host a wedding here, and still have left over tables.  As with the seating, the buffet was huge as well.  There were three different tables of dessert and 5-6 of main course dinner items.  I tried to eat a little bit of everything and still stuffed myself like a pig.Overall, I'd consider the food at Jade better than the Mandarin (and cheaper too!)However if you can help it, don't use the washroom.  It was disgusting.  Part of the problem is other customers who refuse to flush, and the other part is just general neglect.
5	Well, looking at these reviews...i just wanna say...I am a Chinese, and my other Chinese friends and I love this buffet! I guess different people have different preference then...
2	I came here the other day and it was ok not great you pay a cheap price for cheap food. i would recommend an other place instead of here.
5	I read other people's comments about the buffet of this restaurant, as a Chinese I have to say some of the comments are not so true for me.  Because for me, the food here is quite authentic Chinese food.  The Chinese food in the local Chinese restaurants are not so authentic.  I guess that's why local people here prefere those not so authentic Chinese food.The mussels are not so good because in China people don't eat them,  The beef is fat is because it's the belly part.  And actually I'm a fan of beef belly, that's the most tasty part.So I guess it depends everyone's taste.  I don't think westeners really like authentic Chinese food so much.  The flavor of the chinese food in western countrys is all modified according to the taste of westeners.
1	There are two options for this restaurant listed on Yelp, and though I had already commented and rated this disgusting excuse of a restaurant, I will gladly warn others again here.DO NOT COME HERE! This place is literally the worst "restaurant" I have ever been to in my entire life. I'm usually a very polite person, and like to give people and restaurants honest and fair opinions. I'm also usually on the nicer side when rating a restaurant, but this "restaurant" has left such a horrible memory for me. I had gone to Montreal's China town with some friends one evening, looking to eat some good Chinese food. Since we didn't feel as comfortable going to tiny authentic shops for some food, we decided to play it safe with a Chinese buffet. What could go wrong? We thought. Everything went wrong. The servers (especially the older Asian male waiter) were extremely rude. They gestured for us to go grab our food with a peeved off look when we were sitting at first, making ourselves comfortable. Okay, I would have let that slide if it wasn't for the crime scene being kept warm the under heat lamps. The most unappetizing options of "food", and very minimal options too! The meat and vegetables all looked as if they were rotting, and the food all looked as if it was sitting out for days. Don't get me started on the disgusting tastes. The food was covered in moldy sauces, they were very stale, overtly salted/sugary, and some of the meats squirted tons of oil once I bit into it. SUPER GROSS!The dessert options all looked stale. We didn't bother with any of the pastries. We instead went for the vanilla ice cream which was so gritty in texture, and felt as if there was sand inside... I couldn't even let the ice cream pass at this restaurant.This food should never be fed to anyone, not even to high risk offenders in prison. I'm not even exaggerating when I'm writing this! The food was THAT bad.When my friend went to pay for the bill (I don't know why he even bothered to), the male waiter told us that my friend forgot the tip him, in a demanding way. WHAT TIP? WE PAID $15.00 EACH TO GET FOOD POISONING AND END UP LEAVING MORE HUNGRY THAN BEFORE. Absolute horribly experience. I don't even know how they are still open. NEVER come here!!!
3	average food. has a few items rarely found in Canada which is good
1	Why doesn't Yelp let us give 0 stars? Because giving this place one star would be beyond generous. We walked into this buffet expecting to eat some delicious Chinese food and not hair....that's right my friend found hair in the food! Absolutely gross and disgusting and definitely lost my appetite at that point. The buffet had a lot of food options, but they did not have signs up to explain what you were eating. I had to guess what the food was by looking at it half the time. Also, the noodles I got were really crispy, as if overcooked or they were left out for days. We spent 17 Canadian dollars for the meal or lack of, so definitely overpriced and not worth it. Save your money and go somewhere else!
