5	After 2 unsuccessful attempts at fixing my KLH 24 record player at Jerry's, I found Atlas' website. They seemed like true audiophiles, and they are!My turntable was treated to top-to-bottom maintenance by their repairmen, and now is as good as new. All warble, pitch problems, sticky levers and noisy pots are a thing of the past.Thanks for making my week, Atlas!
5	Well I finally got my receiver fixed. I'm not going to pretend that I'm an audio expert, and thus I won't talk about things I don't know. My story is as follows: I own an old Kenwood KR-7050 receiver. I noticed it didn't work after a particularly crammed car ride up to State College(but not to say I knew it worked before). It powered on, but no sound came out.I took it to Atlas audio repair around noon one day. The kid behind the counter told me it was $40 to get it looked at, but that $40 would be taken off the cost of the repair  if I got it fixed with them. Fair enough, I paid and got a claim check. At 3pm that day, I was called and told my estimate was ready. I called back and they said it would be $138, minus the $40 I had already paid. I didn't know anything about the stuff, so I said OK. He said it would be done tomorrow.Sure enough, tomorrow they gave me a call and told me it was done. I couldn't go in that day, so I went in this morning and picked it up. It was wrapped tightly in plastic and the kid held the door for me on the way out.When I got home, it worked! I noticed that a few of the switches on my model were bent, but they bent right back into place easily - so I am not sure if it was done by the tech, the plastic, or by my own transportation.Since I don't know about how much this stuff should cost, I will list what they claim to have replaced and you can make your own judgement:2 regulators1 lampClean + something(can't read)$138.00
1	I gave Atlas Audio Repair my Fender tube amp when it started giving me trouble on tour. I paid the $40 evaluation deposit, and asked to speak with the technician. The man at the counter said he was busy and would pass on any information to the amp tech. I said that would be fine, but we agreed that before any work was done to the amp, the tech would give me a phone call to discuss the work and estimate. Three hours later I received a phone call notifying me that the amp had been repaired. A speaker cable had come loose, the friendly amp tech said, and he had simply re-soldered it. When I asked how much it would cost, he said he didn't handle the money side of things, and handed me to the man back at the desk. He wanted $170, and when I expressed my surprise at the fee, he exploded in a rage, saying I could come by and pick it up after they had "un-done" their work. A few minutes later I got a call from the owner, who began the conversation calmly, but soon exploded in his own right, calling me a "prick." When I mentioned our prior agreement -- that I would have to agree to any work beforehand -- he admitted that we had had the conversation, but said that I didn't understand electronics, and began ranting about his years of experience. Finally he told me to come by in an hour, because it would take that long to undo the repair.Fearing that he might sabotage my amp, I swung by with the band right away and got my amp back. Running a soldering iron off our car battery, I performed the "$170" repair in a minute and a half on the city street outside of Atlas. (We returned a screwdriver they had left in the back of the amp).Back in California, one of the world's finest amp techs would have charged us $20-40. If Atlas had held up their end of the agreement, they would be in the same boat, minus this shitty review. Do not take your electronics to this over-priced nuthouse.
1	Bought a tape duplicator (Telex ACC 4000) on eBay and the tapes were coming out a bit "worbly." I took it in, put down a deposit, and they said I'd hear from them in a couple days. I didn't hear from them, so I just decided to go in, as I live close by. Firstly, the audio technician decided to tell me that the quality of the tapes I would make with the unit would be sub par. I know many tape labels that use this same unit, and told him so. Then he told me that the parts I needed may not be able to be found. I went into panic mode, as I desperately needed to get this in working order, and asked what kind of parts he was looking for. In an attempt to shrug me off, he was vague, and claimed I probably wouldn't be able to find them. I did.I called back and informed him of this, but said that if he could find the parts domestically (as what I found was in the UK), to let me know. I wait the weekend and call back to inquire, but as the phone is handed from the girl working the desk and the owner, I hear him say, "Can we just give this back to him?" I was shocked at this kind of attitude towards a customer that was nothing but perhaps a little too persistant. After an unpleasant exchange, including a crack about my mental stability, I decided to pick it up.The story gets crazier here.When I go in, I'm in a VERY poor mood. I ask for the tape duplicator, and ask why this was such and issue and why I had been  treated so poorly. I had been thinking it, but I decided to call him out on his incompetence. The unit did not include a plastic bag I had given it to them with, so I demanded one. This resulted in the man giving me a very threatening motion and insulting me. I repeated my demand, got the bag, exchanged insults, and left.Then I realize he didn't give me the power cable for the unit.I called back and demanded it, but his reply was to say that I forgot it, and that he wouldn't return it. I threatened police involvement, but was told that he had already contacted the police to file a harassment suit.I almost went in the store to confront them, but decided to be proactive and call the cops myself.Needless to say, I got my power cable back. In exchange, they banned me from their store.I think I came out on top.
1	Went to Galaxie Electronics, and they found nothing wrong with the mechanics of my tape duplicator, other than the fact that they needed some oil. What were really affecting the quality were a few bad capacitors. The tapes sound nice and consistent now. There are two places in this city that fix vintage electronics, but one of them actually does it correctly.
