5	Excellent service and knowledgable employees.  They let your browse on your own and check in on you every now and again.  You will not find Home Depot quality stuff here, this is good, quality (semi expensive) patio furniture.  They don't have a huge selection, but they can custom order any piece for you which would arrive in 4-6 weeks. There are fabrics galore and different frame colors to choose from. They have free set up and delivery and Kim told me they would even take my old stuff!! There wasn't a question that went unanswered, no matter what it was, Kim knew the answer and was not pushy at all.  When I first arrived, she asked me what I was looking for and proceeded to give me a stack of brochures/booklets to look over at home to familiarize myself with the different brands. Come here first before going to a pool store for your patio furniture which is way overpriced for lesser quality.  They have furniture made in the USA which is a huge plus to me!  Highly recommend!
5	I had Limited time on a Sunday to find a quality chaise , double wide,  for my second story balcony. The big box stores tax my patience and using yelp to sort the more custom options, proved to be very rewarding . Driving up to the store , I knew that it might cost more but k using they carry sunbrella , meant quality. Kim,  the very nice salesAssociate was also training a new girl so I went through some options to order and wait about  six weeks. The floor models were not exact matches for my other pieces but seeing one that closely resembled was fine by me. They gave me a slight discount and promised to have it delivered the next day . The crew just finished. On time, calm, and very professional . Quality, service and on timeWin me as a customer forever!
2	Please note - this review pertains to customer service only, as that is as far as I managed to get with this company. I merely called to request pricing on a custom outdoor cushion, got a call back 2-3 days later telling me that they had a cost for me - but they didn't leave the price on my voice mail (why I have no idea). I called back and left a message asking them to please leave this information if I missed their next call - more than a week has passed and no one has called yet. If they can't return a phone call and don't understand how to leave messages, I'm not very confident in how they will perform if paid. Time to move on - if you want adept customer service, go elsewhere.UPDATE - We got a call back on voice mail today after one final call, and it was $500-$800 more expensive than all other options online. So I bumped the review up one star for them calling me back finally, but jeez - prices are brutal!
