4	Walking to the Grassmarket one sunny Saturday afternoon, with the lovely Miss Kelly F's birthday celebrations planned that evening, I happened to walk by Lily West and saw some beautiful looking flowers. I knew just the thing to get Miss Kelly.It's not a very big florist, and didn't have a lot of options. The girl in at the time (I don't know if this was Lily) admitted she was really hungover after lots of prosecco, red wine and rum the night before (ouch). I liked this very human element of her and her florists shop. Not all ribbons and pretence and pomp.So when I selected the flowers I wanted individually, and we chatted, I watched her put the bouquet together. I admit, at first I was worried it may not turn out the best, given her very hungover state, and slightly sombre look (we all know that feeling). But as we chatted she slowly but surely put together the random array of flowers I had chosen into a beautiful bouquet, and I was quite delighted with the final result. Even from the dark green, tropical looking leaves she choose to frame the flowers, and the nifty way she wrapped it all in paper and cellophane.I think Kelly was equally delighted with the flowers. So really, that's all that matters.I wouldn't send people out of their way to Lily West, but I do really like what she is doing. With a nice selection of fresh flowers, and obviously a talent for arranging even in a fragile state, it's a great independent florist in a rather innocuous spot
4	Just thought i would pop a review on here as i used Lily West this morning and they were great! We realised in the office that we had forgotten a present for a colleague leaving today and needed some flowers asap. I rang Lily West with less than 2 hours until i need the flowers and the girl on the phone was really helpful and not fazed at all by the quick turnaround. Less than an hour later and a beautiful arrangement of flowers was delivered - perfect!
4	Was impressed by the variety of 'odd' yet beautiful flowers. Price was fair and the service was really friendly. Will be recommending it to all!
