5	I love going for walks here with my dog Jelly Bean.  They have one great open field which can often times be occupied by a soccer game or other sports teams in training.  There is a nice paved pathway that wraps around the park where you can see the great big mountains as you walk along.  If you want to have a family picnic, this is a nice place to go. It's equipped with BBQ pits, a playground for the kids, tennis courts, and a basketball court too. As far from my experiences coming here, I have never ran into any trouble.  This is probably one of the more peaceful parks I've been too.
4	Nice park.Not real big though.  Has 2 full size soccer fields.  Basketball court.  Jungle gym for the kids.  Tennis courts.  I think they has lights for the basketball and tennis.They have security patrolling if that makes anyone feel better.
4	Spotted Leaf Park is one of the two large ones in the Willows village of Summerlin.  There are two lighted tennis courts, a play area for children, and two lighted soccer fields.  A sidewalk runs along the perimeter of the park.  There are also basketball courts and a picnic table area.I haven't spent time in the park to speak of.  What I do is ride my bike through the park as I got on my ride.  It's a nice diversion and a pleasant area.The park is not a dual use one so it's level without the depression common to parks that double as flash flood catch basins.  The park's west wall abuts against the sound wall of the 215.
5	I love taking my dog here. It was a little hot today, but he suffered through it. They have lots of shade and nice paved walkways.They also have tennis courts and a nice play area. I also pick up my food co-op here on Saturday mornings (www.bountifulbaskets.org) It is nice that the park opens up early for the delivery of the fresh fruits and produce. They also have very nice soccer fields and it is fun watching all the kiddies run around.
4	Nice park with updated amenities. Was here for soccer tryouts with my daughter. The park seems to be well kept
4	Soccer, tennis, and basketball facilities. Kids playground. Good walking for dogs and their owners.
