5	Best tacos in Madison. Hands down.  It's a shame it's not that close to downtown (or the westside), or this place would rake it in.Service is Qdoba/Chipotle style.  Other than the meat you ordered, there's no limit to what these guys will throw on the burrito/taco/etc.  Ask for a little, you get more than normal (no joke - be wary).  While 2 bucks per taco (6 for a burrito) might seem over the top at first, you'll find yourself full after just a few.The food itself is delicious, spice is good, and it's a mess. Everything you'll grow to love.  Try the barbacoa, it's been simmering for 24+ hours by the time you get it.  The stuff melts.The flatscreens with the spanish music videos seal the deal. You'll never go anywhere else again.
5	Awesome!   Great fresh food, cheap, friendly staff.  The pickled onions with habanero's will make your eyes water in the best possible way.
5	delicious, fresh mexican food!  Soo yummy!
5	Best tacos in town!As was mentioned, it's setup Qdoba/Chipotle style. Quasi-cafeteria, semi fast-food. Service is quick.That's no knock however, because the food is amazing. I've only had tacos, but I have tried all the different meats available. All are well seasoned and spiced, and you get huge portions of meat.My advice? Get your tacos w/ only onions, cilantro, and the habanero sauce. Your tastebuds will thank me. I am of the opinion that too many toppings detract from the quality of the meat, and you lose some of the flavors. Get it authentic style, and enjoy!
5	Fresh, fresh, fresh! These people care about their food. And they don't roll their eyes when you speak Spanish--they encourage you. Fantastic for my little girl and this Spanish minor. I always get vegetarian fare because it's so good. And cheap. And fresh. Did I mention fresh?
5	BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN MADISON!Habanero's is hands down the best Mexican food I have had EVER. I have been to several Mexican restaurants before and I have never had better service or better food. The tacos are amazing and I would also recommend the tortas. This place is small and has a very cozy and intimate atmosphere. It is kind of hard to find, but look for it across from Farm and Fleet on Stoughton Road.
5	Delicious tacos,  I had one each of barbacoa, pastor, and chicken, all softshell.  The meat was well seasoned with the barbacoa being the best of the three in my opinion.  The habanero hot sauce was great tasting but my mouth was on fire after all three tacos.  I will be returning to try the other taco varieties and the breakfast food as well.  Oh and did I mention they are open til 3am on the weekends.  I will probably never go to taco bell at bartime again.  The guy working behind the counter was very friendly as well.
5	AHHHHH BURRITOS!!!!  This place is terrific.  I can't say enough good things about them.  The food is fantastic, the staff is friendly, the service is lightening fast.  Don't have much time for lunch?  Here's your place.  I can't wait to get into town to try their breakfast burritos someday soon!
5	Husband and I moved to Wisconsin from Southern California, land of hand-made tortillas and bombity-bomb mexican, and have been looking for non-gringo mexican for the last month.  It's been a hard, painful, sour cream-filled road.  Up to Habanero's, the closest we'd found to the real thing was el Mariachi in Lake Mills (really good, and more capable of making the spice sweat-worthy, but unless you specify they will default to the bland side).Finally, a restaurant where the place was packed but we were the only gringos.  Fast service, killer portions (beat out our old standby in LA with the taco meat portions), and the flavor that we've been craving.  Get one each of barbacoa, steak and pastor, your taste buds will thank me.Not sure about the 3am rumor though, we wanted a second round after getting out of the Barrymore at 1am, and they were closed.  Still, if you're craving the food and wanting seconds the same day, that's a definite good sign.
5	We've gone back multiple times, and this is our go-to place for no-nonsense killer tacos and burritos.  Every meat we've had to date is killer;  the el pastor and barbacoa are incredible!  Great beer selection as well, and impossible to beat $2 tacos for the portions they give you.
5	This place is great! Super value, amazing tastes, and lovely staff. It's all the best things of a fast Mexican grill, with none of the bad things.
4	Well, it's no Pedro"s, thankfully.   Went here to check out what the yelpers are talking about.  Got a burrito and a quesadilla.  Right off the bat you can tell that their meat is good just by looking at it.  I started with chicken just to be safe and now I wish I had tried the beef because it looked so darn good.The quesadilla was good but pretty simple.  The burrito was very good with great portions.  Everything was fresh.The outside looks like it's a pretty small place but inside it is pretty big and plenty of space for people to sit down and eat in.  Crummy location though.Will be back for some tacos and the tortas look fantastic.  Open kitchen so you can watch them cook your meal.  I like that.
3	Habeneros is just like Chipotle and Qdoba. Seems that this concept is new to Madison based on the other reviews implying that this dining experience is a new one for them.  Coming from Denver where excellent Mexican food is common, this meal was good but not a stand-out.  Tasty overall.  Generous with the portion of meat and able to add unlimited toppings without any extra cost.  A good place for a quick lunch.
5	This place is great!  Definitely the best Mexican Food in Madison.  Barbacoa and pastor tacos on corn tortilla shells are the best I have had.  The carnitas were a little dry the last time I went but the other meats made up for it.  The guys that work there are also really friendly and every thing is fast and fresh!
5	One of my favorite lunch places. I've tried just about every type of tacos and all are great. The pork varieties + chicken are my favorite. LOVE the cilantro and limes. Ask for the salsa on the side if you do not want watery tacos.
2	Underwhelmed after the hyped expectations from the other reviewers. Easy to miss, small store front in strip shopping area. It is relatively quiet except for the game shows on the TVs. Blackboard menu is a little confusing at first. My "server" (counter service only) was very difficult to understand; nice enough. I had some difficulty understanding his questions about how I wanted my food. Forget about drink refills, they serve sodas via bottle or can only. It is inexpensive and the meal was filling. I did not find the offerings particularly interesting or diverse.
5	I originally ignored this place when I saw a Chipotle reference (note: it's just counter style). Not that I don't love my occasional Chipotle fix, but that's not what I was looking for. I just wanted REALLY good food. After rereading reviews, it sounded tempting and I put it on my radar. Shortly after, we ended up in the area and were hungry, so we gave it a try. I am so glad we did!The staff was extremely friendly. The prices were very reasonable ($2 for a super stuffed taco?!). The meat (between us, we tried the pastor and beef) was incredible. So were the sauces/salsa. I kept my toppings fairly minimalistic, but it's nice to know you can add what you want. The flavor of the food was fantastic. We all left so satisfied.I will definitely be back, even though it's in an odd location out of the way (for us). Oh, and they serve beer.
5	Great food, plenty of it, and an unbeatable price. Much better than Chipotle or Qdoba.  Location is in an inconvenient spot, but for food this good, totally worth it.
5	This place is absolutely amazing!  Great service, and better prices.  I can't believe it has taken me two years to get to this place.  I will definitely be recommending to all my Madison friends and I WILL BE BACK!  $5 for a burrito with everything on it!!  Plus they serve a wide selection of Mexican beers and everything is just so fresh.  I will not be going back to Chipolte or Qdoba anytime soon.  Keep up the great work Habeneros!!
5	Awesome, affordable food. Found this place just after moving to Madison & have gone back time & again. The staff is friendly; the place is clean; the food is great; & prices are reasonable.My favorite are steak tacos on corn tortillas. DO NOT SKIP THE ONIONS! They make all the food on site & the pickled onions (slightly hot) at the end of the condiment bar are so flavorful that you'll want a heaping helping.
5	I wish I could give them more than 5 stars. By far the best authentic Mexican Grill in Madison that I have tasted. Plus you get a stamp card. Once your buy your 10th entree, your 11th is FREE! Just amazing simple food. Tacos, burritos, fajitas, etc. Nothing too fansy but that is what makes it great. They are just doing the basics but it's done so well. I go there at least once a month. Try them out. SOOO worth it and the $$ are EXCELLENT!
4	Habenero's serves excellent build-to-order burritos and tacos. (Order at the counter, choose your shell, meat, toppings, etc.) The portions were generous, prices reasonable, and the service very good all three times I visited.
5	Anything everything on their menu is great. The owners are so nice. I especially like the tacos. Try the pickled onions - they are deliciously soaked in habanero peppers.
4	Massive, fresh, tacos. Massive, fresh, burritos. Awesome pastor and carne asada. Tasty horchata. Good prices AND they don't charge extra for sour cream, guacamole, and extra salsa! This is my go-to joint for quick tacos and burritos.Update: So apparently they changed things a bit since I was there last. They now charge 75 cents for guacamole, which is a bummer. Other than that it is still the same old deliciousness.
3	One of the selling points for Mexican food is that it is cheap and flavorful. Habanero's was only one of these. From a place named after one of the spicier peppers, one would expect more heat and flavor, but both were lacking. I ordered a burrito and filled it with chile pork (I think that's what they said it was. I just pointed.), rice, black beans, bell peppers and onions, cilantro, onion, corn salsa, pico, cheese, and those spicy onions (note: the onions were mildly spicy at best). I also got some of their horchata, which was a little on the watery side for me. Things to note: the rice is just plain white rice, no spanish or cilantro rice here. Also, if you are looking for spice you probably want to try the hot or extra hot salsa. The one marked as "medium" did not have a bite at all. As others have said, the ordering process is Chipotle style: you choose what style of plate you want - burrito, tacos, tortas, quesadilla, etc. Then you pick your meat and toppings. The guys behind the counter were really friendly and nice, and I would give the service 5 stars. But the food is a 3.5: just A-OK. I would be open to going back and trying something else.Habanero's is located on the end of a row of stores that sell things like flooring. Pretty easy to miss if you're not looking for it.
4	Very tasty tacos, especially the tacos al pastor.  The only recommendation I have as a serious pepper lover is to have more peppers.
3	Actually I'm giving them a 3.75 for a rating. I've only ate here once while in Madison. I had a steak burrito. It was good tasting, some what large, and at a reasonable price. They have a big selection of ingredients that you can put in your burrito or taco. It's not a San Diego area burrito, but not bad.
5	Best quesadilla I have ever had.  I go with steak extra meat with hot sauce and sour.   Real coke.  Sure the place isn't fancy.  But I'm reviewing food darn it!  And its great!
3	I know there's no rule book somewhere that says Mexican food ought to be cheap and fast, but I feel like it's a given considering the ingredients... right? Add to my wild assumption living in the southwest for 6 and half years and I grew to learn that if I was going out for Mexican, it wasn't going to be a long dinner experience and I wouldn't have to shell out a lot of bucks. Haberno's holds true on both accounts. They're quick (as you essentially watch them assemble food before your eyes) they're cheap, a five spot will buy you lunch, but in my opinion they lack flavor. I'm all for loading up some tacos with salsa, but I also think meat should be seasoned so you don't need to dredge everything in pureed tomato. I'm up for giving them another shot, but others in town bring the flavor these guys lack.
5	the tacos were awesome, simple and delicious.go there now, don't walk, run. I would give them more than 5 stars if I could. the service is friendly the prices are cheep and the food is great. the north side needed something other than Culver's. go.now.
1	Disgusting! Ordered Guacamole & chips, though the guacamole was green that was the only resemblance, flavor was horrible. Pork for the taco was similar to the consistency of baby food but flavor was so bad my boyfriend actually gagged when he tasted it. Food was cold, not even room temperature. Will not go back! No stars are warranted for this place.
5	Hands down the best burritos and tacos in Madison!
3	Great customizable tacos, fresh toppings. Their chips and salsa are delish, better then most "Mexican" restaurants in town. Cheap food and beer, but still not on par with any taco place in Southern California or Texas.
5	Combo burrito is extremely good. Spicy pork and beef happiness. People are extremely nice and no skimping here. No fake stuff here.
3	Recently, Habanero's has opened up a new location on the north side of Madison. I have not seen the original owners/workers in there in a good 7 months. Since then, food quality hasn't suffered. Not the same place. They are now more stingy with portion sizes. I use to be able to get a burrito that would burst. I would be luck to get anything other than beans. Want Guac? Cost $75 more and they give you a half of spoonful. I believe extra meat use to cost $1. Now it's $2.Disappointed in what they have become.
5	I have been working near, and eating at Haba's for fir years now. In my office we tend to eat here at least one a week. Not only does it always impress, but it never gets old. Ask the food is prepared fresh using traditional methods and spices. Everything they serve its hot, fresh, and large in proportions. They don't have fountain drinks, which is fine since my food it's often to go, and the choices are plentiful. They just opened a second location near my house, it's dangerous for my wallet :(Since I've found this place I've not been back to Chipotle out Qdoba.
5	Habanero's was a wonderful surprise.  With my first visit, I tried their taco's (1 of each, chicken, steak and pork) and thought that they were all exceptional.  I have also been back since and tried their burritos (my current favorite) as well as their torta's.  Everything that I have tried has been made fresh and has been very tasty.  And, for those of you that enjoy your dishes a little more on the spicy side,  I also thought that their salsa's had a bit more kick than other area restaurants.   It's quickly become one of my favorite places to visit on the east side of Madison.  The service has always been friendly as well as very quick even over the lunch hour.
5	You'd never guess how great this place is if you're one to judge a book by its cover. The location is less than desirable, but the food is AMAZING.  Probably the best chicken burrito bowl I've had.  You know it's good when the signs, the staff and the TV show in the background: all in Spanish.  Will I come back to this place: absolutely.  In the next week:  there is high probability.
5	Don't judge a book by its cover. Inside is clean and roomy and the food is great. Very fresh and delicious. The people there are friendly too. So glad I checked yelp for a place to eat here in Madison, WI. My steak tacos were terrific. Muy Bueno!
5	I cannot believe we just found this place!  My only complaint is that we live right up the street and haven't been there before this.  Absolutely wonderful Mexican food and a superb staff with great prices.  Go there today!!!
4	Sunday night I was craving spicy, and was rather cranky about it. Hubby went here, and brought me home some kind of burrito bowl thingy with spicy habanero onions, pork, corn, rice, sour cream, etc. It was fantastic!  Emergency situation (removal of hubby's face) averted! Thank you Habaneros!!
4	Just had lunch there for the first time. Loved it. I had a steak burrito, my husband had a chicken burrito. The meat was really good quality, tasted marinated and grilled, the veggies, salsas, pico, all great. You order at the counter, they make it right in front of you. Friendly staff, clean place, lots of different beverages, all priced fairly. We will be back!
5	Delicious burritos, that's all I've had because that's the first thing I ordered and haven't regretted it once yet.  Hot/spicy onions are addicting
3	It's like Chipotle, the local version. The spicy pork is great. Food is all a little salty and there isn't a water service that I can see (bottles of water and pop in a case, lemonade and horchata machines). But the food is really cheap (and if you only want one or two tacos, you don't have to get three). They really need to put out some bottles of Chula. No real hot sauce here. Also, they serve beer.
4	So where can I find a taco in Madison that I can be proud to say is amazing....Habanero's!So to get started---a little hard to find. I have been driving past the location every day to and from work never noticing it next to the Pool/Spa store on Stoughton Rd. Silly me. I finally took the chance after seeing the great neon lights in the window and stopped in. You first order at the counter, and they have their operation set up like a "build as you go". The choices are limited, but all the essentials (Taco, burrito, torta, or quesadilla). I suggest either the steak or chicken but you can also get barbacoa or carnitas. The tacos (if orders in corn) come in 2 shells each taco ordered. After ordering then you and sent around the corner and you get to pick what you want on them. Pico, corn, sour cream, great Mexican cheese, lettuce, guacamole, and a fine selection of salsas. It's quick & convenient with ample seating. Also, a fine selection of drinks and beers. What is not to love! I recently went against my current taco order and had a burrito....huge! It was also a great choice. If you order the extra meat for $2, you will be very happy. They pile it on, no matter what meat you decide to select.  Heck yes!Great pricing too. 3 tacos-$5.991 Burrito-$5.99 (cheaper and better than the other chain "build as you order" burrito joints)
4	Went in for lunch the other day.  I wasn't expecting much, but when my coworker and I got there, the parking lot was packed.  It must be a decent place.There was a line to the door, but it moved pretty quickly. I got a chicken burrito. My coworker got the carnitas.  We both enjoyed the burritos.  I was a little worried at first because the chicken was Cheeto orange. I don't know what sort of spice mixture they soak it in to make it that color, but it tasted just fine. The drink menu was just cans of soda in a cooler. I'm not a fan of places that do that. I like a fountain drink. I like free refills. Around lunch, I need all the caffeine I can get to make it through the remainder of the afternoon.I don't have anything bad to say about this place. Like Chipotle, Qdoba, Burrachos, and Pancheros, it does what you'd expect.  It's not really better or worse than the others, but I would go back.
5	Awesome food!  Friendly staff!  All around great place to eat. Highly recommend the burritos.
3	Old management seems to be back when I want about 3 weeks ago. Food still isn't what it use to be from a year ago however. Sadly, I don't think it will ever return to that point in time.
4	I am a HUGE fan of this place! So, let's just say this place is not fancy.  It is tacos and burritos and the prices are great.  Honestly, it is hard to find a simple, traditional taco in Madison. This place satisfies all those needs. The location is strange. It is in a strip mall on Stoughton. Kind of annoying to get to, BUT they are open SEVEN days a week. They are pretty quick and like I said the food is delicious and affordable.
5	I looked up top Mexican restaurants in Madison and this placed popped up. I read all the reviews and I'm the same as the rest. I've driven by this place before, but never thought to stop by. I regret my life choices. Every time I've settled for east side Pedro's. Every time I've settled for Taco Bell. Every time I've decided to try some new Mexican place. I regret every single time. This place is AMAZING. Since finding it three or so months ago, I've gone at least a dozen times. Their ingredients are just so fresh and delicious. I've never had better Mexican food.Funniest thing, they don't really speak English well. The first two times my boyfriend and I went they thought we wanted the spicy, pickled onions. We were kind of annoyed, but didn't want to cause a fuss. The first two times we had it we hated it. Now we've grown to love it and neither of us will get the pork burrito without it.
4	Really good burritos with pleasant service. As others have stated, it's similar to Chipotle and Quidoba, but they have more options for toppings on your meal, like a dash of cilantro.
5	Yelp prompted my bf and I get some food here late one night. We were not disappointed. We got steak and pastor for our tacos and bf also ordered a burrito. The pastor was awesome and the pickled onions were also great. Can't say anything bad about the food and there was a point in time where we had it for dinner 3 nights in a row. Best tacos in Madison, in my opinion.
4	We needed lunch after a round of golf and I knew there was a Mexican place nearby that had been Yelped in a good light, so I dug through the phone app to find the name of the place.  Whether I got it exactly right or not, Habanero's was the place we were going to hit - it had positive reviews from most everyone as well as my friends.The menu is simple - "we have these ingredients - in which form would you like to consume them?" was the basic jist of it.  We both had the steak burrito and were not disspointed.  The flavors popped - I was very satisified with the taste and the large portion.  Basically, it's the same format as Qdoba or Chipotle, but tastes better.  I wouldn't mind trying the tacos next time - I saw them being made for a gentleman in front of us.  They were a bit messy (but a GOOD messy!) and I wasn't ready for that sort of committment, so I opted for the easier-to-eat burrito...  I won't chicken out next time!
5	I went to this place for the first time a few weeks after it opened, and have continued going without disappointment since.  Its like Chipotle or Qdoba, but more authentic.  Plus, I would much rather support a locally owned business than some huge chain anyway.The only downside to this restaurant is that it lacks atmosphere, but if you're looking for a meal to take away, who really cares?  The staff is pleasant, the food is delicious, and its pretty inexpensive.
5	Oh yes. Fantastic. This is one of those places I'd like to simultaneously tell everyone about and have it as a best-kept secret. Wonderful favors, nice service. Horrible little dining room, bright fluorescent lights, old sliding glass coolers. Totally basic, but so nicely done.
