1	Went there with a sick child.  Filled out the forms and handed my insurance card and license.  75 minutes later, I was called back up to get my cards and pay when I found out it would be $75 for the co-pay.  I asked the receptionist why it took so long just to find out it was going to be $75 and she bluntly told me, "you should know what your insurance charges you".  This is after I heard her on the phone taking a personal call and after just the week prior I was on a business trip in a whole other state and went to an urgent care there and was only charged $20.  The receptionist was rude and inconsiderate as well as painfully slow.  The reception room was completely full and only 3 people went back in the hour and 15 minutes I was waiting there.
1	Not happy with the service.
1	Wish there was a minus stars you can give on here.  Receptionist was rude and not helpful.  They actually wouldn't even see me because apparently they are not familiar with cases that involve the eye, what kind of urgent care doctors are at this place. Nor would they recommend any places to send me.  I hope all members of the staff get the same rude, unhelpful treatment they give to their customers when they try to seek medical attention
5	I ALWAYS go to Alliance Urgent Care for myself as well as my husband and children. We go here more than our PCPs. The receptionists do their jobs and are never rude to me or my family. The physicians are ALWAYS extremely knowledgable and efficient. I always leave w/ answers. I can't complain.
1	Receptionist should be fired. After reading other people being treated the same way... I have to say I feel a little better. Worst service ever. Disrespectful receptionist. Had an attitude the moment we walked in the first time. Returned for another visit some years later and the same exact treatment. I have never been treated so poorly. I spend $400 a month in insurance and we have our family physician. When I have a child with a broken arm or other major unexpected event, I am not there because it was planned visit. Meaning it is already hard enough to be in that situation let alone a front office lady be completely rude and degrading towards us. I have never in all my years dealt with such bad customer service at a professional place of business. Maybe some of your clients go there without insurance but don't treat me as if I am a low class citizen. I am an educated women with a Masters degree, don't look talk to me as if I am below your standards because I don't understand why I have to pay $100.00 for a visit. My insurance does not have a copay for urgent care. I went to the urgent care on Cactus and 79th much better treatment. Did not ask me for copay. In and out with a brace and xray in 20 min. Awesome front desk, doctor etc. The same amount of time she had me waiting and arguing with me at this low class place. No class at all. Son is now being seen by orthopedic surgeon. Never go there!!
1	Horrible experience. I went in for what I thought was a kidney infection. Although i had tender kidneys and bladder, i was diagnosed with a uti because "i didn't look sick enough". Doctor came in chewing, as if I was interrupting her lunch, and spent less then 5 minutes with me. I asked her if I had a fever as i was leaving and her response was "I don't know. Did you have one at home?". I will NEVER go back to this place.
4	Receptionist pleasant both times that I went there.  Once for UTI and other time for sinus infection.  They were quick and polite and knowledgeable.  Have a sinus infection again-- bad allergies.  Plan to go there in the morning (its late at night).  Can't find a regular doctor that I like-- been to tons.  Plus usually when I need one it is last minute and can't wait for appointment.  This place is a huge help.
1	Is it possible to give no stars?? Terrible!! Took my 5 month old there on Christmas Eve since his dr was closed. He had what to me looked like hives but I just wanted to double check. We were the only people in there.. It took dr. Cooper 40 minutes to see us, even though he was sitting outside the door typing on his computer. I asked when we would be seen, he had the nerve to tell me 5 more min your next.... Uh I'm the only person here!? When he came in to look at the rash he didn't touch my child to examine the rash or anything... Well it doesn't look dangerous.. Waste of my time. Don't pay him your co pay
