1	The selection isn't great and the books aren't in great condition considering they're very overpriced. The paperbacks are half of the original cost, which wouldn't be terrible, except if the original cost is too cheap they cover it in sharpie and mark up the price.I bought a book as a gift for someone, only to find that they already had it. I called the store 10 minutes after leaving, after paying in cash, and they'll only issue store credit. Waste of time and money.
4	I wasn't looking for it, but this unassuming, independent used book store caught my eye when I was driving along Charleston today.  I stopped in and I'm glad I did.Book Magician is in a strip mall, sandwiched between a sandwich shop and Chinese restaurant.  Walk in and you'll feel like you're in your old middle school library.  No carefully assembled line-of-sight promotion, urging you to buy the newest Twilight book.  No unnecessary calendar section featuring 16 months of Portuguese water dogs.  This place is for books only, the vast majority of which you'll never find at Borders or Barnes & Noble.Instead of full sections, there's maybe a shelf or two separating each subject.  Instead of a fancy time computer search system, hand-written dividers tell you if you're looking at a books about basketball or biographies.  I knew I had to get something and when I came along "The Beak and Claws of America" by former Ohio Governor Vic Donahey, I knew it was mine.  Here's the preface from 1932:"I had printed at my own expense 125 copies and gave them autographed to my directors, heads of departments and friends who so ably assisted me in my several public endeavors.  I, in no way have, or will accept any compensation whatsoever in connection with the publication or distribution of this book by a few enthusiastic friends."Now where are you going to find THAT?  The book even has a handwritten name and address of a past owner who lived in Columbus, Ohio.  How did it get to Las Vegas?  It's one of those little gems worth well more than the $10 asking price, especially for a political junkie.Upon checkout I chatted up the lady who runs the place.  She says she's been in business for 27 years, is 71 years old and loves her job.  No intention on retiring anytime soon.  Most of the store selection comes from trade-ins.  If you love books and want a refreshing change of pace from the corporate publishing world, check this place out.  The only thing keeping me from giving Book Magician four stars is that the presentation isn't super flashy.  But some might see that as part of the charm.
3	For a used bookstore, prices are kinda high- usually, half the list price. If you make friends with the female owner, you might snag a good deal- like when my husband and her were talking about James Patterson, she gave the book to him for a buck. You're probably better off going to thrift shops for used books, where the going rate is anywhere from $1.00 to $2.99. If you want to browse, there are a ton of books here to choose from, sorted according to subject matter, like a chain bookstore. There is a friendly resident cat here too. I think that they also buy books, but my co-worker said that they're really picky about buying.
