4	A concept table service burger joint plus full bar in the shopping zone of Mandalay Place, from chef Hubert Keller of Fleur-de-Lys fame.  The concept is that you choose a base burger (3 kinds of beef, lamb, turkey, garden, etc), one of five buns, and then pile on your choice of about 40 toppings at extra cost, ranging from homemade beet pickles to a half lobster or a fried egg.  The $60 Rossini burger (with foie gras, sliced black truffles, and madeira sauce) is something to try at least once and the $16 regular Kobe burger is good too.  Knowledgeable and courteous waitstaff, great ingredients.  A real temple of burger-dom.  Only two reason for four stars instead of five are: 1) bar concept though ineeds work and better mixed drinks (but does have 24 beers on tap); and 2) prices a little high, and really, after all that it's still a hamburger.
4	Went here after hearing about a friend that got the $60 burger.  I wasn't about to since I detest fungus, but I did get the mid-grade angus steak burger with cheddar and "skinny" fries.  It was a delight to eat and I appreciated the quality of the meat, seasoned well, and the extensive choices including 5 different buns (I had whole wheat).  Lettuce, tomtoe and onions were nice quality and cheddar really had a sharp taste that I liked.  After losing a lot of money gambling, the price seemed reasonable for the experience.  Good water-filling service.
4	Not bad. Much better than I expected. We had 2 Kobe burgers and 2 Angus burgers between us, plus an order of skinny fries and another of buttermilk onion rings. Everything was tasty and prepared as ordered. Nice bartenders, too.
4	truly a meat-lover's paradise... okay, they have stuff for non-red meat eaters and even veggies, too.  two Angus burgers (with blue cheese and swiss respectively), skinny fries, fat fries (which are not steak fries) and two pints were quite tasty.  I was dying to try the Rossini but didn't... the $50 I saved was better spent elsewhere.  Sports lovers should sit at one of the booths -- you can watch the game du jour in slack-jawed silence while you eat!  Yeah, it's kind of expensive for a burger, but sadly, it's a good deal for palatable food in a Vegas where cheap AND tasty food no longer seems to exist.
5	One of my favorite restaurants anywhere.  The Kobe beef burger is...um...well it's making my mouth water just thinking about it...The Burger Bar offers a wide variety of burger choices, but the real fun is in the topping choices (ranging from the ordinary: tomatoes, pickles, onions...to the extreme: lobster, black truffles!!!).Good drink choices (quite a few beers on tap) and wonderful homemade fountain sodas.  Excellent sweet potato french fries.  My favorite there, however, must be the "Chocolate Burger" dessert.  It's a warm glazed donut sliced in half (to look like a hamburger roll), a round slab of chocolate grenache, fresh strawberries, fresh mint, mango gelatin and raspberry syrup.  Great stuff.If you're in Vegas, check out the Burger Bar!Here's the website: http://www.usmenuguide.com/burgerbar.htm
4	Excellent burgers and good place to get some grease in your stomach before all the drinking.  It's also a nice place to get away from all the hustle and bustle of the casinos.  It's low key and delish!
5	I'm always delighted by burger places, but the dessert burgers are what I thought made this place special. More later...
5	Great burgers. My friends and I love this place and it is a rule that every Vegas trip ends with a meal here before finally manage to drag ourselves back to the airport. Last time we went, when it was my buddies turn to order, we looked at him and he was passed out, his head resting on the table....so one of these stars is definitely for comfort.
4	I actually found this place by accident when I was in Vegas celebrating my friends 30th birthday.  The deal was we had a time constraint and he didn't want to go to a super fancy place, since our cash was reserved for young single moms/college girls dancing ... err working their way though school. So wandering from Excalibur to Luxor to Mandalay bay we saw the Burger Bar.  Seating was easy and immediate considering it was ~ 8:00PM on a Friday night, and I'll admit our waitress was insanely cute.  The menu gives you a lot of options.  You can order pre-assembled burgers or you can choose meat, topping, cheese, bun, basically everything that will go on your burger.  One of the guys did get the Kobe beef burger, which he was very pleased with.Dessert (included when you get the Kobe burger) has an all sugar burger.  Buns are two donut halves, the lettuce is really mint, tomatoes would be strawberry ... you get the idea.Good service, very relaxed atmosphere, and you can go either way with prices.  If you've been winning, then go for the Kobe.  If not get something simple.  Either way Burger Bar is a simple place to grab a burger before you rip up the town.
5	Impressive burgers.  My medium-cooked angus burger was one of the best burgers I've had in a long time, nice, thick, juicy, and pink in the middle.  The fries are pretty good, and others in my party really enjoyed the buffalo burgers.  The beer selection is impressive.  Mmm, Boddington's & a burger.
5	Yowza!  Who needs condiments when a burger is supremely juicy.  I'm super picky and I love the concept of adding whatever topping you want.  I had tomatoes, cheese, and spinach on mine.  Mmmmmmmmmmmmm.
3	While it is a rather tasty burger (go buffalo or Angus the Kobe just isn't that good) most of the fun is in the building.  If your imagination can conceive a burger, there is a pretty good chance that it is on the burger bar menu.Go with Zucchini fries!
5	This place rocks.  The kobe beef burger was the best burger I've ever consumed in my life. Perfectly cooked, and with nothing special on it...it was amazing.  Perfect texture, you can actually taste the sweetness of the meat.  To top it off, they offer ranch zucchini fries, which rocked.  I'm a huge fried zucchini fan, and this did not disappoint.
4	You can do some crazy things with burgers here, add lobster or foie gras (sp?) or even truffles. But if you keep it simple with their angus burger it will still be goooood.This place is located in Mandalay Place which is the shopping walkway in  between Luxor and Mandalay Bay. The prices are definitely steep, you start at $8.95 for a regular burger but then your add ons like cheese, mushrooms, etc, cost that extra cash. Fries and sides are extra too, by the time you're done you paid a pretty penny for burgers and fries. I recommend the sweet potato fries.Service did not check on us once after the food arrived, maybe he knew we were trying to be cheap cause we split a burger and he didn't bother??? HAH probably.edit*** Went to Gordon Biersch and ordered a burger, I swear it was just as good, and probably cheaper.
5	One of my favorite places to get burgers, they make it so fun and it tastes sooooo good.
4	After throwing my money away on the slots and blackjack tables, i said lets spend some serious money on some good greasy food.  That's just what I did..ordered the Kobe Burger and for 16 bucks thought "this better be fucking good"  well it was..and more..I cannot describe how good it was without curling up in a ball on the floor and crying, the meat was like buttah(I ordered it medium rare) and I added carmelized onions, sauteed oyster mushrooms and some pepper jack cheese.. Every bite was like the first and by the time I was finished I felt like lighting up a cigarette...lol..and I don't even smoke!
4	We had lunch here recently on our 1-day stopover in Vegas, and overall found the food to be really good. I had the kobe burger, and my fiancee tried the buffalo burger. Both were really tasty, albeit a bit overpriced, but hey, it's Vegas! If you're a burger fan, and like "building your own burger", then definitely try this spot the next time you're in Vegas.
3	Continuing my Tour de Burgers, I went to Burger Bar twice in two days.  This, however, was not the record among me and my friends.  Two of my friends, went 4 times in 4 days - one had the chicken sandwich, turkey burger, angus burger and a dessert burger and another had a Kobe burger, two angus burgers and a dessert burger.  All bow down to Uvan and Steve!Well, as far as my experience goes, I will have to say Burger Bar has really good quality burgers.  I had the Kobe burger, rare, no toppings on the plain bun and the angus burger, med. rare, no toppings on the plain bun.  Each time, the burger was cooked exactly as ordered (cool and red in the middle for rare, pink throughout for med. rare).  The bun was exceptional.  It was slightly crunchy but soft and was perfect to absorb the meat juices (which there were plenty).  The size of the patty was perfect as well - not too small, not too big, abouth an inch tall - I'd say it was around 7 oz.Although I don't notice this at most places, I will say, each burger could have used more salt.  I don't think the meat is pre-salted before it's ground and very little appears to be put on before it's cooked.  But, just a sprinkle of salt really helped the flavor.  Lots of people rave about the Kobe, but I wasn't too thrilled.  For one, the texture was too soft.  (I know, I got it rare, it's supposed to be soft.  Well, that's true.)  But the texture of the meat was soft.  Also, the angus beef had a much more "beefy" flavor than expected.  For the price, I'm getting the angus burger from now on.  The sides?  Well, the zucchini fries are great.  Whether they're frozen or not, I don't care.  They are good.  The onion rings are thick with a heavy coating and good.  The fries are fine.  The beer list is very good with well over 20 selections.    TVs for each booth - reason to linger and drink.  Oh, and no corkage fee but terrible wine glasses.  Service is spotty, but really dependent on who's your waiter/waitress.Overall - one really great place to grab a great burger and some drinks.  Wine I brought and had with the Kobe beef burger: 2003 Miura Garys' Vineyard.  Deep purple color, smooth rich texture, firm acidity, bright plum flavor with leather and earth.  Much more rustic than the Pisoni Vineyard bottling I've had from Miura.  Tasted better after 6 hours, likely because of bottle shock on the drive up.  Much more smooth, less leather and earth and more bright, sweeter plum and fruit notes.
5	As far as High end burgers go....My Kobe Burger, medium rare with foie gras, spinach, mushrooms, made me happy. In effort to save cows, I refrained from eating red meat for a while until I was ready to take on the gusto. My burger was pretty expensive, the fries were...fries....Ok who agrees with me that in n out fries suck @ss? But this joint has great music, creative cocktails, and a laid back ambiance that I dig. Right across from this Tea place at Mandalay and next to the infamous Chocolate Swan. This burger is definitely the shiznit. Not your greasy spoon shiznit. Just somewhere where you can say "I just spent a hundred dollars on a hamburger!" Eat this Europe. The French didn't even invent french fries! But this place - Mmmm desert burger. Donut bun....chocolate heaven in the middle...yea. Novelty...maybe even gimmicks. But hey it's worth the experience :)
4	I stop by this place on one of my business stay at Mandalay before catching an early evening show, which if you're doing similar, just want to find a place for a quick bite, I'd highly recommend, the bar in front has a good selection of beer, bartender were attentative,  you get to enjoy your meal, the nicely cooked burger, while watching the TVs throughout, then head on to your next thing at LV.
3	I have to say that the burgers here are good, but you would expect them to be damn good for how much you pay for a burger.  We tried both the kobe burger and angus burger and both were extremely good and tasty.  Fries there are not special, in fact McDonalds fries are better.  I dinged them the most on service.  The waitstaff was very very slow and really did not seem to make an effort to get our food to us in a timely fashion.  I woudl recommend this place to anyone who is in the area and craves a great burger, but frankly, if you had foie gras and kobe beef at home, I dont see why you wouldnt be able to make an equally good burger on ur own.
1	I went here last year with the guys and almost every one of us regretted it.  We had all heard good things and thought it would be a great choice.  3 of us got a typical burger and 1 had the turkey burger.  We all gave him a load of crap for wimping out but he had the last laugh.The waitress was great and fairly speedy.  Beer selection was good as well.  The problem was the burgers themselves.  Now, mind you all 3 of us got different hamburgers cooked at different temps.  But that evening all of us, with the exception of turkey boy, were battling a case of Montezuma's Revenge.  It did not make for a pleasant evening.Hence I will not go back.  There are too many other great places to eat in Vegas to give the Burger Bar a chance at redeeming itself.
5	Well, if I recall correctly, there's three types of beef burgers, a few choices of bread, a few types of fries  and a few beer on tap, but one bartendress that made us come back more than once. What friendly service. :)Also, I was eating too much expensive food and needed to get back to earth and not be too addicted to Vegas. The bartendress looked like a trained dancer, I wished I remembered to ask her. Which reminds me, there is a whole lot of trained theater dancers in Vegas. Five stars for that.
4	For what it is, a "burger joint" they do a pretty good job.  If you've read my other reviews, you know that I don't eat red meat, but my boyfriend considers himself an aficionado of sorts.  He makes an incredible burger (that even I will eat).  Anyway, back to Burger Bar.  There are several options:  beef, kobe beef, buffalo, turkey, or veggie.  Then you choose the bun, then the toppings, and then you pay an additional fee for thin fries, fat fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings, zucchini sticks.  I went veggie burger.  For toppings, I went with avocado, colby jack, grilled onions, and oyster mushrooms.  To make up for the fact that a veggie burger costs about $2.00, they had two thick patties stacked on there.  It was actually really good.  I was impressed.  I had onion rings on the side, which were good as well, although, I think they were frozen...no big deal, this isn't a gourmet meal.Brian, my boyfriend had the Kobe beef burger, with a fried egg and swiss cheese.  He said it was the best burger he's had in a restaurant.  He loved the burger and the thin fries.  Overall a great burger, either veggie or Kobe beef.
4	Had the best burger ever here.  Ordered the angus beef burger with some jalapeno bacon.  Tried some turkey burger that was pretty damn good too.  Gosh, so tender, sloppy, and juicy.  Prices were reasonable unless you like to add tons of toppings.  Highly recommended.  Service was kinda slow but overall a great place for a fancy burger.
5	I would rate this place 6 stars if I could...Anyone who knows anything about meat can't help but love this place -- I see so many people talking about the topping you can put on the burgers.  Forget all that...If you want to spend a bit less than Order the American Kobe burger and put some normal old toppings on it and enjoy the delicious BEEF.If you want to spend $70 than order the Japanese Kobe the way its meant to be eaten RARE and learn what means to truly enjoy life...Once you are done order a peanut butter and jelly hamburger and a glass of milk!____________________By: Ali E
3	The angus burger was good, but I thought the fries were kind of mushy.  Also tried the jalapeno bacon, which was a mistake.  The spiciness overwhelmed the burger.  Lastly, the service was pretty bad.  I think our waitress didn't come by at all after dropping off the food and it wasn't that busy at the time.Overall, I thought it was over-rated.
3	Why 3 stars when they have Kobe beef?  Service stinks!  Slow...and unattentive.  Come on, people, can we have some decent service for the friggin' jacked up prices we're payin'???On the bright side, the turkey burger is a nicely seasoned and moist burger.  Usually, I get a very dry burger with turkey...this one was perfect!  Added some portobella's, grilled onions, and provolone for good measure.  YUM!  And the shoestring Sweet Potatoe fries are yummy...not quite as good as my own, but they did the trick.  Vegas...you're fun, but pricey and not attentive...Am I asking too much???
2	i LOVE burgers, well more so the  meat part than anything else. i heard about this place from some random tv show and it LOOKED SOOO GOOD... i tried it last time i was in vegas.... RE: the jointnice place, very random songs playing, i mean one min you hear babyface and the next you are listening to shiela e... lol.. various beers on tapi like the idea of building your own burgers, cuz i am picky and dont enjoy mustard or pickles on my burger. i decided to get the angus beef. i didnt throw in hella shit in it cuz i just wanted to taste it and i figured that i could always build more the following meal... BUT last min i couldnt help but throw in the portobella mushrooms. my bf is a vegetarian and got the veggie burger, basically 2 'bello mushrooms and hella grilled veggies in the middle. he got a few extra grilled veggies to throw in side. RE: the foodso our food arrives and first of all, the only thing in the bun is the burger itself. the 1 slice of tomato and the 1 slice of lettuce is off to the side with the pickle ooozing its juice all over my bun and sweet potato fries. i have to give them credit for the abundance of mushroom. my angus pattie is HELLA tiny compared to the bun. i'm not a fan of bread so the less i eat it the better. so we throw our burgers together and the angus was tasty but a bit on the dry side. i did enjoy my sweet potato fries. i enjoyed the cheesecake burger too. i'd go back for those 2 things alone and not spend $13 on a burger. i ate every gawd daym thing and wasnt stuffed... theres something wrong with that... cuz normally i always walk away like the state puff marshmallow man.... RE: the servicethere was no mayo, the katsup and mustard were empty and i placed the katsup bottle upside down at the end of the table and 8 people walked by and didnt bother to refill it. the waiter forgot the extra shit my bf ordered and didnt really check up on us. the server was lucky i ended my meal on a good note with that daym cheesecake or else i would have stiffed him....
5	After reading the reviews on Yelp, my expectations were not exceedingly high but I knew that deep down inside I wanted to try this place.  When we got there on Saturday night, there was a short wait, so we decided to sit at the bar.  Great decision.  The bartender was so incredibly nice (and looked like a prettier version of Jennifer Lopez).  She served up our beverages and promptly took our orders.I ordered the buffalo burger with grilled onions, portobello mushrooms, and pepper jack cheese.  My husband ordered the grilled chicken sandwich w/ pepper jack and grilled onions.  We shared the sweet potato fries.  My buffalo burger was amazing.  I wanted to eat the whole thing but had to resist since I knew it was not in my best interest.  It was juicy and full of flavor.  I was surprised how generous they were with the portobellos, since it was only a dollar addition.  My husband raved about the chicken sandwich, too.  The sweet potato fries were killer.  They were the best sweet potato fries because they had the perfect consistency of crispiness and potato softness on the inside.  I highly recommend sitting at the bar and grabbing burgers and drinks anytime you are in Vegas.  We seriously could have split one and probably will next time.  Sit at the bar and the service will be great, too.
5	Amazing burgers. I came here expecting just average. But I was amazed. The food was soo good I was stuffed by the end. You can create your own burger. I had the veggie pattie with mushrooms and jalepenos. So good. And they gave me two patties which was crazy. I still can't believe I ate the whole thing. will go back if I'm ever there again. Highly Recommended.
5	It's like when a movie comes out and everyone who has seen it tells you its the greatest thing they've ever seen--so you have the most extreme expectations for the movie, but are let down. Fortunately for Burger Bar, this was not the case. I ordered a Kobe Burger with pepper jack cheese and grilled onions (I didn't put any crazy things on it like an egg or truffles) and it was soo-- good. My buddy had the buffalo burger and had similar reviews. They have a pretty good sized beer menu too, which is another great thing about Burger Bar.
4	Yummy decadent burgers...this was the place for it.  I was only here once but it was a memorable visit.  We had lunch, sat in a comfy booth with our own personal tv and had the Kobe burger.  Delicious!!!  I also had the shrimp salad which was very good too.  Feeling like a burger, head over to Mandalay Bay and enjoy.
3	Can't go wrong with meat, buns and any topping you can imagine.  Also, open for late night dining when everything in the Mandalay stops serving food.
5	A generous 5-stars (we are talking about a burger here) because of the large number of options and quality ingredients resulting in high replay value.  If I had the option to add lobster, foie gras, and truffles to my burger everywhere then maybe Burger Bar would only get 4-stars.  So long as I don't die from cholesterol poisoning I'll be trying the $60 Rossini in October.
4	An affordable delicious meal in Vegas...who knew?  Located in Mandalay Place, The Burger Bar is a must stop.  From Kobe, Angus, Veggie and even Buffalo, the burger combinations are endless.  This is a build your own burger establishment and there are a plethora of toppings to choose from.  Too many mind boggling choices.  I could have used a few "favorite" combinations from the menu.  It's easy to get confused with all the possibilities.  The sides were good too.  They have skinny fries, which I love (and I think fat fries too...but who wants those?) and the onion rings were awesome.  Hubby had the sweet potato fries which he thoroughly enjoyed.  By the time it was all said and done we were gorged on all  that burgery goodness.The service was friendly and fast, but not so fast they are rushing you out.  Oh, and they had little flat screen TVs in all the booths if you are interested in sports.    My only regret is that I didn't try a donut made to look a burger dessert.  Because I think we need to incorporate donuts into more than just a breakfast treat.
3	This place situated within the shops at Mandalay Bay is always busy.  its a really fun place for lunch. Ask for a booth, as they all have TVs in them and so you can eat and watch the game or something while you eat a perfectly crafted burger that you have chosen from start to finish. There are so many choices that its like the Starbucks of burgers. Of course they have their flashy menu items, but also they have great classics done right, order bacon on your burger and you'll understand why!! The service is nothing spectacular however friendly and to the point. I really would recommend this place when your craving a burger!!!
5	A burger in Vegas?  Not what you'd expect to dine on with sooooo many buffets and prime rib specials available within a 1 square mile radius.  The Burger Bar is conveniently located in the shopping wing, Mandalay Place at Mandalay Bay.  It's not really so much a bar...it reminds me more of like an upscale ice cream parlor.  The place is pretty spacious with counter seating and wood booths with granite tables. They offer a wide range of beers, both domestic and imported specialties, along with their version of the 'six dollar' burger.  The burgers are gourmet style, courtesy of Hubert Keller and are actually worth their inflated price.  They use some real top grade beef...Ridgefield Farms corn fed beef to Black Angus beef to American Kobe beef...they have something to satisfy the most discerning beef lover.  Not fond of beef, try their lamb, buffalo, chicken, or turkey burger.  For something more healthy, they also have salmon steaks and a veggie burger.  I tried the Ridgefield Farms American Classic burger, which came with bacon, lettuce, and a tomato slice.  The surprise on the menu, next to the $60 Rossini burger (Kobe beef laced with foie gras and truffles), are the many condiments that one can add to your burger...over 40 different choices.  I opted for the jalepenos and peppered jack cheese.  And here, when you ask for medium rare, it comes medium rare...it came out perfect.  Also a surprise, the service...excellent and attentive.  Worth the splurge...go have one!
4	This is a great place for a burger, unless you are so destroyed from the prior evening you cannot handle noise or a wait. Yes, a wait to get a burger, in Vegas, where there are a million great eating options. Maybe this is because they have every combination of meat and condiment available. Maybe it is because they have a really good beer selection which includes this awesome IPA called Piraat, that I am on a quest to find now. Maybe if they served you the Piraat in a quiet waiting area you would be more inclined to nurse your multi-substance hangover while you waited for your table, instead of grabbing a beer to go and skipping the food altogether. Maybe.
5	I love burgers. Even got a list dedicated solely to my pursuit of the perfect burger.  Did Burger Bar crack my top three? Not quite but they do make one hell of a burger. I also appreciate the different 'fries' options - skinny, sweet potato, steak and onion rings. The sweet potato were good but pale in comparison to the onion rings. Oh, the onion rings. I can't wait for the SF outlet of Burger bar to open so I can get some of your crunchy goodness on a weekly basis.
5	Any place that I visit four times in the course of one weekend, especially in Vegas where there are SO MANY options, I feel obligated to give five stars.  Especially because on the fourth visit one of the kitchen staff waved at me.  Apparently I became a "regular" real quick.1) my first stop after being picked up at the airport by Vegas yelper Myke, five of us decide to have lunch at the burger bar.  I ordered a MR burger with pineapple, grilled onions, Swiss and prosciutto.  Ill tell you what though...that decision took almost an hour.  SO MANY OPTIONS.  I was disappointed none of us opted for the $60 burger which consisted of half a lobster, shrimp, and some other expensive goodies.  You can add truffles to your burger as well and up the price, but I guess we figured since this was our first stop of a long weekend, we should be somewhat frugal.  Kobe beef was not an option for me...but it was definitely an option on the menu.  Also I had a delicious mimosa which was my first drink in 2 weeks, so it went down into my belly which was ready to welcome it with open arms.2) Same day....other people show up to Vegas and THEY get hungry.  Now, I wasn't in the mood for another burger one hour later, but i did order my favorite beer Blue Moon.  That selection was a lot quicker than the burger, but their beer list is super extensive.  It was the best selection I found all weekend, and had i not been craving a Blue Moon, I could have stared at that list for an hour too.  3) Still the same day...That night, I am in need of some serious food, seeing as though all i had eaten all day was the burger in the AM.  So three of us, before heading out to the club, went and ordered the fries, sweet potato fries and the zucchini sticks.  A perfect little inexpensive snack to coat my tummy with the grease it needed.4) Saturday night, my roommates were looking for the perfect IPA.  With the extensive beer collection, they found it.  I had a corona.Thanks again for lunch Myke.
4	The key to this place's success is options.  They give them to you in spades.With both a vast beer and burger selection, you can come back again and again and not have the same thing for a year it seems.  You pick type of meat (or non-meat) you want in your burger, the kind of bun, and then start picking and chooseing from a laundry list of extras to pack on top of your patty.  It's all there, trust me.They even have a few pre-packaged deals including one $60 burger.  They even had dessert burgers!If you aren't going to be all that adventurous with your burger selection then you might be better off finding a burger joint that will let you have a plain cheeseburger for much less though.  It's about going all out when you have a burger here.
5	Turning a burger into fine food is like trying to convert a trailer into a mansion. You can throw all the Ethan Allen you like at it, it's still going to be just a trailer. If I'm going to pay $60 for a burger named after some dead French dude, I want it topped with more than just foie gras and truffles.I call it the "Screw You Burger":Organic Wild Sustainable Space BeefFragrant Cheese from a Virgin GoatAmaebi stuffed in Lobster TailsDeep-Fried Elephant TesticlesHeinz CatsupRegal dining at its best.But I settled for the $9 double-pattied veggie burger instead, and I was more than satisfied...
5	I absolutely LOVE this Burger Bar at Mandalay.  They were open late on a Friday night, when my boyfriend and I just arrived, so after a long 3 hour drive, we were starving, and craving something too good to be true.  We knew exactly what we wanted...a KOBE BEEF BURGER.now this is the 2nd time we've been here, and neither experience has left us in dissapointment.  I've tried the angus beef, the turkey burger, and now the kobe beef, and no other burger i've had has been this meaty, juicy, and succulent.  Paired with the sweet potato fries, and it's one of the best meals i've had in my life.  The burgers are huge, and the servings of fries can feed 2, so if you wanna save your money for gambling or appetite for liquor, than share.  we also had the dessert burger, which was okay. It's just cool to look at. The doughnut and chocolate ganache were my favorite parts, but the fruit combined with it was a little tart for my liking.But this place definitely earns 5 starts for the food, ambiance, and service. AMAZING.The burgers come with your standard toppings (lettuce, tomatoes, a pickle spear). You get to choose what type of bun, the burgers themselves cost between 8-16 bucks, and toppings are extra.  GOogle the website for a more extensive menu (along with prices)
4	Didn't think you'd come to Vegas for a burger, did you!?  Well, this ain't a mere burger.  It's a burger with a capital 'B'!All three times, I've had some form of addition and subtraction to my basic burger - medium juicy patty and a ton of fresh raw onion.  That to me is probably all I would go for on a normal day... no cheese.  Cheese always seem to overtake the taste of everything else it's added on, for me.  But add an egg cooked over-easy, real bacon and some jalepenos... omfg - I'm having a burgasm!I always almost have the black angus 'coz I wouldn't get the kobe beef.  I just think it's kind of silly that they called it American Kobe beef... Kobe as we all know, is nowhere near America and the ones they serve here are from Idaho... ummm... But this is a good place for a cold beer (they really are as cold as beer should be, I'm told), a very very VERY good Burger and a nice ambiance with surprisingly not many rowdy kids considering it's a burger place - maybe they too are too busy  having their mini burgasms to be annoying :)  Again, they might need a new host (she's as stupid as she looks) but everyone else is great.  Still can't get over the twins who work there - they always throw me off :)
5	Freaking amazing.  A burger fan's heaven.  You can order ANYTHING, and I mean ANYTHING, on a burger.  It took me 10 minutes of browsing up and down the menu to figure out what the hell I was going to try.  I ended up ordering the B.B. Double Dog, a burger bun with Hebrew sausage and sauerkraut.  Mouthwatering.  It was too gigantic for me to even think about finishing it.
5	I normally don't like eating hamburgers, but I was curious about this place since the owner is the famous chef,  Hubert Keller.  I had the Black Angus Beef burger which was very tasty and tender.  I also had sweet potato fries which was also very good. Burgers here are more pricey than your normal hamburgers but well worth it.
4	I came here and I was like, now why didn't I think of this restaurant idea first??It's very simple: you get to pick what goes on your burger. The prices are hefty for what it is: a burger. But I guess it's understandable because you pick what goes on it. To be fair, it IS a big burger. Even the veggie burgers come with 2 patties. They also have different kinds of fries - which are good - but I wish they would have given more. I think I'd go again because now I'll be more ready with a full wallet.
4	I had heard about the Burger Bar on the Food Network and made it a point to visit the establishment. The burgers and fries were amazing ~ so many different options / toppings to choose from that one can go crazy trying to figure out what one wants!  I finally decided on the turkey burger with portobella mushrooms and caramelized onions.  I definitely recommend the sweet potato fries as they did not disappoint.  Portions were HUGE as they absolutely do not skimp over there. The waitstaff was extremely friendly and patient, however, the hostesses were a bit snippy and rude.
4	Went here also for my birthday.  The food is a bit more than I would have though.  I ordered the Kobe Burger which was really good.  Nice soft and tender.  You can also add on stuff such as cheese and grilled onions for $1 more each to truffles which were about $30 extra to add on.   The sweet potato fries were a bit addicting, but the regular fries were just like Burger King french fries.  Nothing special.  The service was friendly and fairly responsive.  I liked the atmosphere, and there's even a television embedded into the wall at the table you sit at, too bad I couldn't change the channel not that I paid much attention to the telvision anyways.  If you have the money, why not.  The burgers are nice and big.
5	Burger Bar, located in Mandalay Place, is a hamburger lover's dream! The restaurant's name says it all, as this place is literally a "burger bar" where you build your own burger. They do have some preselected options as well if you're indecisive, but I recommend building your own. Each burger comes with the standards (lettuce, tomato, onion, and a pickle). But this is the fun part!Let's start with the meat (or non-meat) selections: angus beef, another beef I don't recall, American Kobe beef, turkey, salmon, and veggie. From there, it's off to bread. They had everything from plain to whole wheat and ciabatta. The best part, however, is all of the other fixings! From cheese (blue, mozzarella, cheddar, swiss, etc.) to other burger oddities like foie gras, they've got you covered. My burger was a turkey on plain bread with mozzarella and peppered bacon. As a side, I had the buttermilk onion rings, and they also offered fries and sweet potato fries. Check this place out!
4	After eating the kobe burger, don't know if I want to eat burger elsewhere.  Definitely a must go place if you are in Vegas and tired of all the "buffet" places.  I had the kobe burger with portobello mushroom and it was just heavenly...moist and melts in your mouth goodness and not greasy at all!!!!  Sweet potato is a very good side.
4	So we've all heard about the $60 Kobe burger, topped with foie gras and truffle oil.  Only in Vegas, baby!  Unfortunately, lady luck wasn't on my side, so I wasn't able to splurge on the gold flake-encrusted beef (just kidding, but what a thought), so I opted for the more affordable $9 burger.  That was some good cow!  Mine was cooked to a perfect medium-well, and I chose carmelized onions, provolone, and bacon for my add-ons.  Each add-on was $1 extra.  Those were the sweetest, most tender onions I've ever tasted.   MMMMMMMM!  I had the sweet potato skinny fries, a great alternative to the usual white potato.Service was a bit on the slow side, as I was looking for my waiter a few times.  But friendly and forgivable, because he always qualified the slow service due to how busy they were at the time.  Worth the wait.
4	CHIMAY CHIMAY KO KO BOPNot the best Kobe burger I've ever had, but you gotta love all the accoutrement including grilled onions, blue cheese, the ORGASMIC jalapeno bacon and Chimay on tap.
3	After 69 reviews, I'm not sure I can add much... Okay burgers - nothing outstanding here except all the fixin's you can add to your burger for Incredible prices - like the Fois Gras or Truffles for $30. I think the choices here are a little overwhelming.The Kobe Beef was nothing special. The Black Angus on the American Classic was nice but pricey @ $12.95 +.  Ate here with Jim C. and my wife and spent over $75 for 3 burgers.  Wacky.  Thank God were on the company expense account...  For a $12 burger, I love RESTO in NYC (see: ).  That's worth every penny.   If it came down to it, I'd rather eat at In and Out.
4	Kobe beef burger ($16 just for the kobe beef patty)!  That's what I ordered here.. and it was ohhh sooo melt in your mouth GOOD!  You choose your own type of patty, bun, what veggies you want, what cheese you want, etc.It's really expensive though.  It's like 75cents or something ridiculous for cheese...
3	I love how you can build your own burger! It reminds me of a place called The Counter in LA...same concept but different items on the menu.So my friend and I shared the kobe beef burger with grilled onions, sauted button mushrooms, and provolone cheese all on a whole wheat bun. The meat was cooked medium rare and it was the best burger I've had! It was so juicy and flavorful! Oh and the sweet potato fries are good too!
3	The burger here is good but not great.  I like the concept where you can build every single part of your burger starting with the type of meat.  I found the ingredients fresh and good for the most part.  The burger was tasty and satifying but not one of the best that I've had.  The french fries are fine - nothing special.  The service was pretty rotten.  It took almost 45 minutes to get our food and the restaurant wasn't that crowded.  I kept asking the waiter how we were looking and he said a few times that my burger was going right up.  Well, it wasn't.  The people sitting next to me sent their food back to the kitchen.  It looked like the burger was way undercooked.  Lucky for me that I didn't have that problem.  A fine place for a burger but far from outstanding.
4	I had the $16 Kobe burger.   Was it worth it?  Well, I was in Vegas, where money doesn't seem like money and I had to have it.  The Kobe beef patty was good, and even my wife didn't complain too much about the fact that I was having a $16 burger.  She had the other expensive burger, which I don't remember what it was called.  It wasn't as good as the Kobe.The service was pretty good.  We were there with two little kids and they treated us pretty well.  If I was in Vegas and was in the mood for luxury burgers, I'd go here.  Atmosphere was pretty casual, almost sports bar like.  For just burgers, yeah it's expensive.. but what the hell.. we were in Vegas.  Don't go there expecting anything extravagant.  You'll just get good burgers.
2	The good stuff.  Good basic burgers (skip the high end stuff), good beer list, and a good menu of ingredients and sides.  The bad stuff, most things overpriced, and the service.Sorry Todd (the server), I know we were a big table (10), but that food took forever, one order was completely forgotten, and one burger was medium well instead of medium rare.  And while my wife got the $16 buffalo burger you raved about, I got the $9 Angus and mine was better.  The fatty cow is always tastier than the lean healthy buffalo in my experience, and at double the price for lean and healthy, I am not willing to give up flava.  Fooled me once and got me to buy your pricey burger while you had an automatic 18% tip for a big group, but it won't happen again, and hopefully all the Yelpers will be on to you now.Oh yeah, Karen got the $12 foie gras option and it was nothing to write home about. Cool that it is on the menu, but I would like it to pay it's own way too.  While I don't mind spending $88 for burgers at lunch while in Vegas, it better be over the top spectacular at that price, and this simply wasn't.  Other notes: The zucchini fries were pretty good, though a bit mushier than I would have preferred.  And this would be a 3 star place if we had just gone in, got the Angus burgers at $9+options, had our food prepared right, and got our food in less than 50 minutes, which is kind of ridiculous for a burger.  Oh yeah, also cool that this place has about 4 different fresh bun options, 3 different bacons, and about 20 or so other interesting sides.  Jsut skip the foie gras and probably the lobster, though no one in our group tried the lobster so Ic an't speak first hand for it.
2	Big disappointment.  I love Burgers and was excited after hearing about this place.  Had tried these little baby kobe burgers at a party Wolfgang Puck catered for my company once and I loved them so I figured this place was the perfect to get a full-sized one.  Boy was I wrong...It was dry, not flavorful, and nearly $20 with toppings.  The fries were weak too.  But they do have good shakes.  Thank god I wasn't wasting my money here
4	Rossini for the win!  $60.  I will never forget it.  Nor will I ever order it again, because I think my memory would be spoiled if I ever re-tasted it.  Must remind everyone again that we were in Vegas, where money is thrown around like in Monopoly and the atmosphere can cloud your judgment sometimes.  All good.  I think I would've had non-buyer's remorse if I hadn't ordered it.  Went with a group of 10 around noon on Saturday.  Waited all of 5 minutes.  Seating was cozy with a table pushed up against a booth table.  Clean, polished wood, part sports bar, part diner atmosphere.  Had college football going on the tv in the booth and the waitress was cool enough to change it to a game one of the guys requested.The menu was ka-razy.  You choose your patty and bun ($8-16), then pick from toppings separated into categories (from cheddar to guacamole to jalapeno bacon to shaved black truffles:  $1-30).  Then, you still have sides, dessert burgers, shakes, and an extensive beer menu to sift through.  I was overwhelmed.I had to go with the package deal, the Rossini.  American kobe patty, onion bun, foie gras, shaved black truffles, madeira wine sauce, served with cracked black pepper, coarse sea salt, and a truffle oil sauce on the side.  The burger was like butter, juicy throughout without much spillage onto the plate.  The flavors in the burger were so rich, I had to really slow it down and thoughtfully taste.  Therefore, I was pretty much done two-thirds of the way through.  But that would've been $20 of burger left so I continued to chomp away.  The fries that accompanied didn't suck, but they weren't memorable.  Tasted some zucchini fries, those were pretty good as well.  Might have gotten tired of them if I had to eat a whole serving.  Your choice of dessert burger came with the Rossini (something I swear I didn't see on the menu) so that was pretty cool.  I chose the chocolate burger--sliced donut, chocolate ganache patty, strawberry slices, passionfruit-pineapple gelatin, and mint ($3.95).  Looked like a cheeseburger, so cool!  Tasted pretty good but grew tired of the ganache.  I thought the cheesecake dessert burger was better, cheesecake was light and almost fluffy.  My chocolate loving homegirl would beg to differ though.So all in all, I was satisfied with my $60 purchase.  Burger, fries, and dessert.  Another friend loaded up his burger with toppings and it ended up being about $30.  Plus, I figured I'd hit the slots later and recuperate some funds.  Whaddaya know, won $100 on one of those flaming 7s dollar slots.  Sweet...
3	Average burger place for what I expected.  Nice to be able to pick your toppings.  Not the best burger I've had by a long shot.  Pricey, but not more than all the restaurants are in Vegas.  Went there late in the evening after the Jimmy Buffet concert....for some reason I was wanting a cheeseburger.  :-)Had the Kobe burger with portobellos and blue cheese.  Tasty but didn't knock my socks off.  The sweet potato fries were okay, not the best I've tasted.  The fried zucchini was AWESOME though.  Just get them as your side instead of the sweet potato or regular fries...trust me.  Didn't have a shake or anything, but they did have a nice beer list and I enjoyed the Shiner Bock on tap.The waitress wasn't very attentive. Overall I probably wouldn't go back because I could get just as good if not better somewhere else.  I will add that when I was at Bobby Flay's restaurant for brunch that day (Mesa Grill at Caesars Palace) they were bringing out some of their burgers that people ordered and they looked really tasty.  Might have to try one next time I go back to Lost Wages...er...I mean Las Vegas.
4	This is the place where you treat your burger like a pizza! There are so many topping that it would take years before you have tried every combination.Its one of the few places where a person can spend $60+ on a burger (which includes Kobe beef topped with a lobster tail and a portabello mushrooms). Vegas baby!If Vegas is too far for you to have a customizable burger, I suggest The Counter over in the LA / Santa Monica area ifyou live in So Cal. Not as glam as the Burger Bar, but delicious nevertheless.
4	Tasty burgers any way you want them, and a good beer selection!  Lots of TVs for game-watching, and the servers are friendly.  We were there on a busy night and they did forget about my beer, but brought it by eventually.  The Kobe beef burger is not worth the $$, in my opinion.  It's good, but not life-altering.
4	OMFG! Easily the best burgers I've ever had, perfectly cooked, juicy, and just plain delicious.  Wound up eating here twice in four days, which says a lot considering how many cool restaurants/cafes there are in Vegas.  I'm a stickler for tradition when it comes to burgers so I just got cheese with avocado the first time, and cheese with grilled onions the second - can't really fathom putting all that filler on my burgers when the patties themselves are so damn good.  Other pluses - teriffic beer selection, very reasonable prices, and a congenial wait staff.  A classy place all the way, but I expected no less from Hubert Keller.
5	Okay this is definatley something we dont do well or have in England!                                                                                                                I had the Angus beef with the trimmings and sweet potato fries, which i must say was the best burger i have ever had. Ive been to Vegas many times but every time this place was jammed packed so didn't wait but it was thanksgiving week and most restaurants were slow so we walked in and were sat in a booth straight away.. Service excellent and food all deserve 5 starbars..
4	The "Man" was hell bent on going to Burger Bar. I mean really Hell bent. We  were not about to wait 45 minutes though. So, we ended up parking it at the bar. Actually i prefer sitting at any bar.        We are purists so we opted to share the Kobe burger plain. No cheese, no truffles, no bacon just pure juicy meat with the traditional fixings. It was good not GREAT but good. The meat was very flavorful and the fixings didn't overpower. It was a little on the chincy side to split. We also shared zucchini fries. Those were to die for. Crispy thin cut pieces of fried zucchini dipped in ranch.     The service was great. We talked to the GM and he was super helpful and suggested some really good places for dinner.     I would definitely come back. I am now be prepared for sticker shock. One Kobe burger, 1 martini, zucchini fries and a soda a cool $34 no tip.
4	Mmmmmm... burger bar...Okay, so we found this place in a Japanese guide book and we were worried that it might not still be around... so we schlepped out there and arrived to find the place was hopping. We didn't have to wait too long to get a seat.The menu at this place is amazing. Basically, you construct a burger with whatever toppings you want. And they have pretty much everything. It was everything I could do not to go hog wild and make the most expensive burger known to man, so I went with a spicy buffalo theme. I ordered the buffalo (delicious cow like animal) and got jalapenos and pepper jack, the fried zuccini, and a chocolate banana shake (not on the menu, but they made it anyway). The wife had salmon.I was in burger heaven. I mean, it was really one of the best burgers I've ever had in my entire life. The wife wasn't enjoying her salmon and so she wasn't too pleased. She was happier when I gave her the rest of my shake though (cause it was soooo good).Anyway, one little detail that I thought was awesome was that when my jalapenos came, there were picked ones and fresh ones. And they had ketchup, mustard, and A1 sauce at every table.So, in the end, the waitress was kind of a bitch, but this random other dude kept helping us out, so we left her a little tiny tip and gave the random dude some gambling chips, and we were off.Excellent place, come with the guys.
4	YUM! I've been waiting to go here for the past THREE trips to vegas.FINALLY I understand what the big deal was. The fries were SOOO good! We got the skinny, fat, and sweet potato fries. I was surprised how good the fries were. The burger didn't stand a chance. As soon as the server placed it on the table. I quickly suited my burger with the appropriate condiments. Smooshed the burger down as FAR as I could. Shoved the burger in my mouth and didn't speak again until it was all gone.In the words of my friends "sometimes you just have to close your eyes to savor the goodness."
3	For out-of-towners staying on the south end of the strip, Burger Bar is a nice alternative to the way-overpriced "fine dining" establishments and moderately overpriced, boring cafes that line the casinos. They have an excellent beer selection as well as a huge list of "a la carte" toppings for your burger.For God's sake, do not order the Kobe burger. This is one of my pet peeves about most of the restaurants on the strip. The beauty of Kobe (and really, Wagyu, which it can't even touch) is in the perfectly marbled texture of the meat, which is completely ruined by grinding it up into burger. It's a stupid gimmick that apparently works very well as these burgers are so prolific on menus here. It's hard to find a restaurant without them here, so I guess I'm in no position to protest them all. Whatever.I like the idea that I can get something as ridiculous as truffles or foie gras on my burger, but I never would. Choice of three different types of bacon PLUS prosciutto is very nice, as well as three different types of fries (skinny, fat, and sweet potato) covers all the bases.It's still overpriced, but it's quite convenient and the food's not bad.
3	The Burger Bar is perfect for lunch or a cheap dinner. We spent $400 at Fleur de Lys the pervious night and were ready for something cheaper and different. We ordered a pitcher of Blue Moon and some burgers.  The burgers are pretty standard and the service is good.
5	Food: Food here was great! I had a burger with chili and skinny fries. The chili was not bad, the burger was so tasty, and the fries were great!Price: Prices here were cheap. There was this really expensive burger on the menu which my group was checking out but most other items were $15 and under.Service: We were seated immediately and service was not bad.Atmosphere: Not a super casual place, kind of reminded me of a Red Robin or something.  There also was a bar located directly behind our table. There were also tvs in some of the booths.Location: Located in Mandalay Bay near Urban Outfitters upstairs.
5	Stumbled upon this place after an afternoon's drinking, and a visit to see Mamma Mia.First off, the beer selection was extensive and tasty, and the cocktails looked tempting.But the burger... oh, the burger!  I plumped for the Kobe beef on a sesame bun with mozzarella, bacon and a fried egg, with sweet potato fries, and my word, I was in heaven.  The flavours melded together perfectly into one lovely meaty, cheesy, greasy mouthful of awesomeness.The one disappointment is that we only found this place the night before heading home.  I guess I'll just have to make my next Vegas trip sooner rather than later.
4	During a trip to vegas for a friends 21st birthday we had lunch at Burger Bar and man is the food great here.   Its a little pricey for a burger place but cheap for a good vegas food.  I remember the sweet potato fries being amazing and constantly dream about going back to vegas just for the fries.    Anytime a friend tells me they are going to vegas, I tell them to stop here and they always tell me what a great suggestion after they return.
3	Amazing burgers!  We even saw Robert Duvall chowing down on one when we went.
3	Las Vegas is basically my second home so I'm always here but I've never tried this place. So the last time I was in town, I went to go try this place because I saw it on the food channel. The place was packed! I liked how you could create your own burger and they had sweet potato fries! YUMMY! Their burger was alright, I'm not a big fan of HUGE patties. I don't really know what else to say about the place since i've only been here once, but i'd definately come check it out again.
5	I love this place! I heard about it through a friend who saw it on the Food Network. They were featured because of their $60 Rossini burger, which is a Kobe Beef with sauteed foie gras, shaved truffles, and Madiera sauce on an onion bun. *They have the same burger at a restaurant in the Wynn (next to the big waterfall) for $32! My fave is the American Kobe Beef Burger! It's SOOO good! If you're there, you also need to try their sweet potato fries. All the burgers can be customized with toppings of your choice. If you have room for dessert (which I always do!), you definitely have to try their dessert burgers. I've tried their chocolate burger (the best one), which has the warm donuts as the buns, chocolate ganache as the meat patty, passion fruit as the cheese, strawberry as the tomato, and mint as the lettuce! SOOO good! I have also had their Creamy Cheese Cake burger, which has cheesecake and carmelized pineapple on it. It is definitely one of the best burger places in Vegas! Btw, it's located in Mandalay Place (the shopping area) of the Mandalay Bay casino. Be prepared for a 30min -1 1/2 hour wait though. It's worth it! You can always walk around the mall or check out the great dessert place next door...Here is a little script from the Mandalay Bay website on the restaurant:The ultimate burger experience, from the famous restaurateur Hubert Keller of Fleur de Lys, comes to Mandalay Place. Incorporating the finest varieties of beef, buffalo, turkey, vegetarian and vegan products, a range of gourmet toppings and delicious buns, Burger Bar has a little bit of everything for the creative eater. Complete the experience with a Sweet Burger dessert or a hand-crafted micro brew.Here is their menu, if you want to check out what they have to offer as well as the prices:http://www.usmenuguide.com/burgerbarmenu.htmYOU HAVE TO EAT THERE!
4	"Hi!  I am ready to order.  Let me see.  I would like to start with a "fat ass (kobe burger), spare tire (foies gras), and low self esteem (fried egg)."  Oh wow, they have cheese!  What kind?...  Great, let me add some crumbled "double chin" on the patty.  Let me add some, "low self esteem and high cholesterol," or as you call them onion rings and sweet potatoe fries."  So on our first nite of dinner in Vegas, Tina and I decide to go to the renowned Burger Bar where you can customize a burger to your liking.  It's quite an experience, as you can add a piece of foies gras for about $15 that is the size of a fist.  Be ready to spend about $40 for a great burger.  Their onion rings are fabulous and the sweet potato fries are worth the third chin I sprouted.  Nice selection of beers on tap.  Should come with a gym membership.
4	I'm giving this place four stars because my gf works here and I have to say, the burgers are decadent. I had no idea where to start, so I asked my friend for a recommendation.  She suggested that I get the kobe beef pattie and then add on as many toppings as I like.  I think my eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach b/c when I got the burger, I almost passed out.  I couldn't finish the damn thing.  I chose mushrooms, cheese, spinach and jalapenos b/c I didn't think that lettuce, onions or tomatoes came with the burger.  Der, I know.  The sweet potato fries were crispy and perfectly cut - not too thick, not too thin.  My friend ordered the $ 66 burger, which I found to be too rich for me.  But I'm just a simple girl, so what do I know, right?  Foie gras and kobe beef was not the right combo for me.
3	I went here back in October '07 with my girlfriend, our first day in Vegas, after having seen Giada go here on the Food Network.  I have to say the food was good (not worth the prices though), but the best part about it was the beer selection.  If you only want to eat once a day, then come here because the burgers ARE big, but it was sort of a let down.
4	Strangely enough, even though I don't eat a lot of red meat, I still get cravings for burgers. And this place had the best gourmet burgers I have ever had! I haven't been in a few years...but I remember I tried the Kobe beef, medium rare with pepper jack and caramalized onions...soooo good! I had the zuchinni fries too...tasty! Yes, it can get pricey, but it's totally worth it. The place is really cool inside too....kind of a retro feel. The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars instead of 5....the service was kind of sheisty.Rumour has it one of these is opening up in the HOB Casino that Mohegan is opening...I hope to god that is true! This is going to be one of my first stops on my upcoming trip back to Vegas...yum!
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would.Burger was bloody -- didn't want it that way. Iced tea is made from powder -- disgusting. Had to ask for ketchup 3 times -- the bottled was on the table empty to begin with.Nothing good to say, would've been better off at Red Robin.
4	love this place! I have to eat here every time i am in town!! the veggie burger is really good with a wheat bun, smothered in cheese, carmelized onions, and spinach! they have delicious sweet potato fries and really good onion rings. a fun place with good drinks, tons of options and creative toppings!! decently priced for a big meal on the strip AND theres a chocolate shop next door for a quick chocolate-covered strawberry!! the wait is usually long but sitting at one of the two bars is fine by me!! next time i will try the pb&j dessert burger and the zuch fries!!
5	The best burger i've ever had. It is amazing. Might as well name it Build-A-Burger. The service was good and the amount of food is great. I have nothing bad to say about the burger. I will come here again when I make my visit to vegas.
4	If you start a burger with good beef- it is bound to be good.  A veggie burger on the other hand is not so easy- and this place hits it out of the park.  The flavor is mild so I recommend kicking it up with some of the yummy add on's.  I added spinach, caramelized onions- it was the best ever.  We showed up just at noon- and sat at the bar.  The service was quick and the food was perfect.  My partner got the $60 kobe, fois, truffle burger and she said it was cooked to perfection.  I tried the sweet potato fries and they were nice for a change.  This not for the person on a diet.  It is worth a wait- or try for the bar.  Believe the hype with this place.  I take off one star because the donut dessert was disappointing.
2	quality of their meat is great and it's cooked per your request. i ordered medium, i got medium. it can be a bit pricey with many of the add-ons being $0.65+ each (e.g., cheese, bacon, grilled onions, jalapenos, etc).the problem is with their lack of seasoning. a little salt and pepper goes a long way. had our burgers been properly seasoned, i think this could've been really good, buuuut they weren't.
5	Everytime I go with my girlfriends I share a burger with one of them to save room for the onion rings, a half chocolate half vanilla shake, and the ganache burger dessert. Whenever you're in Vegas, give it a try.You won't be dissappointed, even if you have to wait more than 30 min. for a table.
4	How can you not love a place that is casual yet takes its food very seriously?I had the buffulo burger on ciabatta with caramelized onions, mushroom, and gorgonzola cheese.  Yum!!  You can really taste the difference between a buffulo ribeye and a beef ribeye....but no so much with a burger patty.  I probably could have ordered a less expensive beef option and still had a wonderful burger.  I ordered it medium rare and the waiter cautioned me in corporate speak that undercooking meat can cause ...blah, blah, blah....and that it will be bloody in the middle.  Bring it on I said.Here's a hint:  When you order a custom burger then add fries they put the fries on the plate with the burger.  For the same price you can order the burger you want and a side of fries plated separately for the table to share and you get twice as many fries.  Our group of 6 ordered one side each of skinny fries, fat fries, sweet potato fries, and zuccini fries and had more than enough.
5	Burger Bar is heaven on earth. I like Burgers but here I had the privilege of actually finding out what a real burger should taste like. Kobe Beef and topped with cheese, mushrooms and Foie Gras (its Vegas after all) and some delicious Zucchini fries. Only thing I am sad about is that I did not have room for their sweet burgers...but I know I will be back.Ambience is casual and they have a lot of beers to chose from.Go there - its worth it!!
5	I'm not all that crazy about spending $13-$20 on a burger, however, with that said, this place had a pretty darn good burger.  I got the buffalo burger and it was awesome.  I'd still rather go to the Apple Pan in Los Angeles, but this place is definitely up there.I was especially happy with the hostess.  There was a 40 minute wait when we got there.  We didn't want to wait so our party sat and ordered at a few open seats the bar had.  We saw a few tables open up about 10 minutes later and no one sat at those tables.  I asked the hostess if we could sit there and she initially told me that if we had already ordered at the bar we had to stay and eat there..house rules.  She then went to talk to her manager and in a few minutes we were in a booth.  what more can I say than...Niiiiiice!
5	This place is awesome!  You get to design your burger EXACTLY way you want, so the food is great!  Your choice of meat, bun, cheese, veggies, and all sorts of extras.     The food is excellent quality, service is good, the vibe is casual.   It makes for a great lunch or casual dinner, and you can look around the shops at Mandalay Place if there is a wait.  It is a no-lose situation!
4	If I had to use one word to describe the Buffalo Burger at the Burger Bar inside Mandalay Place it would be "meatriffic".Buffalo is my new favorite burger. And the buffalo burger at Burger Bar is so good. They have a ton of toppings if that's your thing, but I just need cheese. Throw a pickle and some lettuce on there, mustard and steak sauce. I need one now!Good onion rings, crispy fries and a great selection of beers here. Full bar too! Service is good, there is a small wait most of the time, but just do what I do and sit at the bar. TV's everywhere so you won't miss the game.Some special notes about my new favorite meat...Buffalo contributes about 69% more iron to your diet than beef; with higher levels of vitamins, minerals, and twice as much Beta-Carotene as grain-fed meats. It's also high in essential fatty acids and has an excellent ratio of Omega-3 to Omega-6 acids. All things considered, it's a perfect way to enjoy the full, rich flavor of beef without the guilt.
5	The mouthfeel of the American Classic is like going down on a burger-flavored vagina. Do not succumb to the temptation to switch in a fancier cheese- the melted American cheese, in all of its processed glory, is what makes the burger. Soft grilled onions, gooey cheese, perfectly cooked black angus beef (medium rare or less for the right texture)... it's a gooey beefy ambrosia. I'm having a flashback just writing this review.Yes, it's great that you can make all sorts of wacky burger combos, but stick to the classic here people. It will transport you to new levels of beefy bliss, like Bear weekend in Provincetown or the first cook-out of the summer.It's a bit of a hike from the casino in the Mandalay (it's tucked away back in the shopping area) but it's worth the walk.
5	Only one of the best burgers I've ever had and I'm not sure why it's not on GQ's "The 20 Hamburgers You Must Eat Before You Die" list.   My best friend had her heart set on getting dolled up and having a sophisticated dinner at Mix, another Mandalay Bay restaurant.  My other friend and I took a look at Mix's menu, its prices and agreed we were still going to be hungry afterwards.  So she came up with an ingenious idea of going to Burger Bar (she saw it highlighted on Rachael Ray's Tasty Travels show) before our formal dinner.  We managed to slip away from the group, ordered the Black Jack Burger to go and chowed down in the privacy of our room. Shhhh!!I had my second dinner, ate teeny tiny and everyone was a happy camper at the end of the day.  My best friend's boyfriend came by our room later, spotted the Burger Bar bag and gave us so much crap for not inviting him along.  Well to his credit, he never ratted us out and to this day she doesn't know know about our trip to Burger Bar!
5	Best burgers ever. And good sweet potato fries two. We ate here twice in four days as it was a good deal, fast and so tasty.Great bartender too. She caught me trying to point out to my gf that we could almost see her crouch in her low slung jeans because she was so buff and lean... and I was embarrassed but bartender was not fazed.It was kinda loud and had quite a few families, which means yes some people spent attention they should have paid to the burgers ogling the dykes at the bar (us). but overall highly recommended.
3	This place is a great concept.  Just needs some fine tuning.Service for example.  Horrendous.  Worst service of our whole trip which was five days!!I had a angus burger cause I couldn't pony up the cash for buffalo or american kobe.  Buffalo burgers in SF cost less than HALF of that by the way.So I put pesto and carmelized onions with peppered bacon and extra pickles.  I also added the sweet potato fries which were nothing to write home about.  The buffalo fries were much better but still nothing special.Basically this is an overpriced version of the Counter.  EXCEPT they have dessert burgers.We tried the chocolate burger - a donut with no hole cut in half with a "burger" of chocolate ganache which looked like a turd, strawberries, and this slice of yellow "cheese" that was passionfruit jelly.  One bite was enough.  It was a fun experience but WAY too pricy for what it is.  And bad service too.
5	i love burger bar!  sure you can go to red robin and pay $20 less.  but everything is so good!  i had a turkey burger with swiss cheese, spinach, and grilled asparagus and sweet potatoe fries on the side.  it was amazing!  i love the atmosphere too!  it's such a great place.
4	Well, when we walked up and saw the name of the place, I wasn't really sure what to expect.  I mean, I was jonesing for a tofu sausage and a made-for-Mitt Romney caffeine free Coke, so when I saw the name "Burger Bar," I felt I had hit a home run.Boy was I wrong.  Apparently, they specialize in hamburgers here and serve some strange substance called alcohol.  I would have never guessed.Though I wasn't wearing my "garments", I still enjoyed my homage to dead cow.  It was perfectly cooked medium rare, smothered in mushrooms, onions, and assorted other colorful, crispy things.  It also looked beautiful next to my microbrew, although one of the "men" at our table ordered a Blue Moon with an orange slice.....next up, an Appletini!Bottom line: it's a Burger Bar, and it succeeds on both counts.  Heard some complaints about the prices....er...um....Las Vegas?  Yeah, OK, now you understand.
2	I figured this would be an excellent place to eat, not just because of the name and location, but also because I adore an excellent hamburger. I was able to overlook the high prices, and the fact that you had to pay extra for every topping you wanted on your burger. I even splurged and got a side order and a chocolate shake (which was great). The burger was, for the most part, cooked the way I asked. It tasted great and somehow I managed to eat the whole thing. Unfortunately, the burger didn't like me and I was sick for several hours. I had great friends who wouldn't let me rest until I felt better, so I still managed to see quite a bit around the area. Take that food poisoning!
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  It's always a great place to take folks who don't get to Vegas very often and don't know where to venture out to eat outside of their hotel.  The Burger Bar has something for everybody.  They have a list of menu items they've put together as well as a create your own burger side.  Basically, you pick your bun, burger, cheese, vegetables, other toppings, and fries.  They have all kids of cheese, three or four types of bacon, many veggies, several types of onion, and even some uncommon items such as fois gras.  They have steak fries, skinny fries, sweet potato fries, seasoned fries, and zucchini fries.  You can pile it as high as you want.  The burgers are big and as delicious as you want to make them.  They even have a few dessert burgers where a doughnut serves as the bun.  Originally, they only had one and it wasn't anything great to me.  Since then, they have added a few more options that I have yet to try.  Their milkshakes are delish as well.I usually make my own burger, but last time I ordered the sliders and they were very good.  It was a perfect choice when you're not hungry enough for a big burger.  The sliders are three mini burgers that are each different.  I'll definitely order that again.Time and time again, this is a great place and always has something for everyone, carnivores and herbivores alike.  I'm not sure about the vegan folks though...  They do get super busy and I would highly recommend making a reservation.  Roll up your sleeves, head to the Burger Bar and see who can build a better burger!
4	No, none of us could afford kobe or foie or truffles, but we all liked our burgers. The meat quality wasn't quite as good as some Bay Area burgers I've had. But they cooked everything to specifications -- my medium-rare was indeed medium-rare -- and I was glad to have simple sesame as my bun option. Fries were flawless. It seems so simple, but then why can't everyone get this right?What they didn't get right: the atmosphere and noise level were pretty annoying. If you're going for the faux-sportsbar feel, at least keep your NCAA tournament brackets up to date.
5	The first night my friends and I were in Vegas, I kept saying we had to go here. They weren't all that excited.. until we started eating. My boyfriend said, while half way through his burger "it's not gone but i miss it already." We had a party of 6, and we called in for reservations, they said it was going to be about an hour. No biggie, we're in Vegas, we passed time. Three of us got the Kobe Beef burger: AMAZING. I was VERY skeptical about this meat. I really didnt understand the big deal. BOY WAS I WRONG. It was like steak in burger form. Oh lord. One of us got cinnamon bacon. Yes, i just said CINNAMON BACON. (They have many types: Black pepper, jalapeno bacon, cinnamon bacon, ..and i cant remember the other two)Two of us got the Surf n Turf burger, with the lobster tail. They were in heaven. One of them got the shallot and wine reduction sauce, which she was VERY pleased with.The last person got a veggie burger, sadly to say, i dont think she enjoyed it much. But c'mon, there's nothing better than real meat anyway. There was very little conversation throughout dinner, which one of us had brought up, but we had decided it was due to the fact that everyone couldnt stop eating!We got zucchini fries which were, absolutely delicious. They weren't super thick, nor super thin. The breading was crunchy, and herby, with the soft (yet firm) veggie inside. As for the dessert burgers, eh, they were ok. Not needed, nothing to write home about. The price can be anywhere from $12-60 per burger. It all depends on what you put on it of course (for example, lobster and black truffles will be hella expensive. Where as asparagus and pesto will be much cheaper.)Go here. Get the Kobe beef. Enjoy. And sob endlessly when you've finished it. :D
5	Very busy and popular joint, lots to see, good food.  The people watching is excellent, not as pricey as most Mandalay restaurants, a lot of good reasons to hit this place up.
4	Oh vey the Burger Bar. My dad came to visit me in Vegas, and he really wanted to go to the Burger Bar. We definetly couldn't afford the burger with the kobe and foie gras and truffles. But we both tried a Kobe Beef burger. I was amazed by the variety of toppings you could add to your burger ranging from dairy to culinary delicacies. I had the Kobe Beef burger with Cinnamon Bacon, and Swiss Cheese. It was delicous the Kobe Beef just melted in my mouth as I heard Kobe Beef is supposed to do. I also had a Black and White Milkshake which was fantastic, and they give you the rest of the can. Overall, a most go for any burger lover. The atmosphere was definetly not the fine dining I was expecting at Mandalay Bay, it was more like a wild west saloon.Side Note: I discovered the reason the Kobe Beef burger is so popular is because the farm treats the cows in a humane way, and feeds them beer to make the meat more tender. The whole feeding beer to a cow makes me wonder if the cows are drunk all the time. But I digress.
4	Went here with a couple of friends on my first trip to Vegas. What a neat concept! You build your own burger by picking the bun, type of meat and any toppings you like. Interesting options including truffles, red wine reduction sauce, and kobe beef.
5	build your own burgers, extensive beer menu, tvs with sports at the tables. Great, cheap place for a casual meal at the Mandalay. Highly recommended!
2	Honestly, I would pick the 50 cent White Castle burger over the $80 kobe beef burger here anytime.  We heard good reviews on this place and I saw it on the Food Channel so I guess I wanted to see what the hype was about.  So I assumed, ok $80 burger, kobe beef topped with truffle sauce and foie gras...must be sent from heaven right? Wrong.I was hung over from the night before, so I figured, ok a good burger ought to cure it.  If anything, my gag reflex was triggered even more.  Don't get me wrong, I LOVE foie gras, I LOVE kobe beef, and I LOVE truffles....but quoting from a friend of mine, "you can combine platinum, silver, and gold together and it'd probably end up looking like shit."  That basically describes the $80 burger here.  Man and with that amount of money, I could've gotten myself probably 10 White Castle crave cases.  I didn't get a chance to try any of the other burgers.  They do have a wide selection, and one of my friends ordered one of the cheaper burgers and he seemed perfectly fine with it.  So I suggest if you're going to go here, stick with a more traditional burger.And I guess the fries were ok...
4	Very busy restaurant/sports bar that surprised me with its quality.It's a lot bigger than it looks from the outside, as it snakes inside a long ways.  Waiters are friendly and bartenders very nice eye-candy.  The burger selection isn't endless, but the handful of choices you have all appear quality.  Some burger choices are Kobe beef, lamb, veggie, followed by choices in bread, cheese, and a lot of other toppings.I ordered a veggie burger with avocado and sprouts on whole wheat.  It comes as a double veggie patty, which I didn't realize.  It was good, but from the description, I expected a little more flavor (more spiciness, specifically).  In any case, I really like the value.  It's a pricey burger but not extravagantly so, and you're full at the end.  They have about four or five styles of fries:  the sweet potato-style is a tasty, less salty-tasting, alternative.I'd go back, as the other burgers ordered at the party looked really good.
5	Just remember, this is at Mandalay Place, not Mandalay Bay! I love this place. Plenty of options which I think is super-helpful for large groups. Also has plenty for vegetarians or omnivores. And for picky burger eaters, you can't go wrong. Page one has specialty burgers, while page 2 has a build your own burger entree. Really nice since it doesn't alienate folks like myself who loathe mayo or mustard.My friend ordered the veggie burger which was big, but delicious. I ordered the chicken sandwich with spinach and pineapple. Excellent, and had a cider and fries to go along. Definitely get a booth which has a personal tv for you sports fans or sit by the bar.Service was a bit slow, but it was friday nite. Overall, I'd recommend and will go back.
3	i expected a lot from the hype. $60 kobe beef burger? pass on it.
2	The focus of my weekend in Vegas was certainly not food....I mean, when you show up with a dozen straight guys for a bachelor party, haute cuisine really isn't what people are thinking about. But after vomiting through an overpriced fiasco at Red Square, a 5am breakfast at Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon so bad that no amount of scotch could mask it, cold fries from In 'n Out, and a soggy Reuben from Raffles Cafe in the Mandalay Bay I needed some real food.On our last day everybody was a bit drained so I snuck away to the Spa at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay(highly recommended) but after a couple hours not even the hiss from the steam room could cover the rumbling from my stomach. I headed over to the Burger Bar as I'd heard tales of his Kobe/ foie gras / truffle burger. I felt quite confident that my fellow San Franciscan Hubert Keller would do right by me.I was expecting something befitting of the chef of Fleur de Lys. What I found was a sports bar that could have been anywhere in the US. I checked the menu to make sure I was in the right place and yup, there was Hubert's picture beaming out at me. So I took a seat at the bar and ordered myself the famed Rossini Burger and a glass of syrah.So a little bit about the Rossini Burger: Tournedos Rossini is a classic French dish combining Filet Mignon, Foie Gras, and black truffles. For their Rossini Burger, Burger Bar takes a sizable Kobe patty, tops it with seared foie gras, and smothers it with black truffles.  It comes with a side of rich Madeira reduction sauce and your choice of fries (I foolishly opted for zucchini....should have gotten the sweet potato). At $60 a pop it's a doozy for both your wallet and your arteries. When it arrived I have to admit it did look pretty damn good....juices glistening down the side, truffles peaking out from under the bun....I was pretty psyched. And all in all it was pretty damn good. The meat seemed to be high quality, the foie (if a bit dried out) had that earthy sweet flavor, and the truffles had a surprising amount of oomph for it being out of season. The sauce was concentrated, rich and silky. So, what's not to like, right? But in all honesty, the whole was a bit less than sum of its parts. Perhaps it was too much of a good thing or perhaps my guilt detracted a bit from my overall enjoyment. It was all good but I can't say I'd order it again. The zucchini fries were standard but seemed out of place next to such dramatic opulence.When I ordered, the Coyote-Ugly bartender told me that my Rossini came with dessert for which I could choose one of three "dessert burgers" which consisted of a split glazed donut filled with one of three options. On her suggestion I chose the cheesecake cream and broiled pineapple. And while all of those things are good, it was really exactly what it sounded like - far more fitting of Denny's than a Hubert Keller restaurant (albeit a burger joint). It just seemed a little gimmicky and over-the-top-Vegas-inspired-fat-American. Oh, and the donut was a bit stale.Service was a bit questionable too. I was sitting at the bar so I had to contend with all the drunkards watching the Laker Utah game. With that in mind, the bartender was efficient enough. But when I asked her where the truffles had come from (I mean, I wasn't challenging her...I was honestly curious) she didn't say "from Perigord" or "I'm not sure...let me go ask the chef". All I got was an "I have no idea" before she sashayed away. And when she came by to see how I liked it she commented that the only time she's tried foie gras, she thought it was okay but had already had eight mojitos and probably wouldn't eat it sober. Now that's class.So while the burger alone may have warranted four stars, the ambiance, service and stale donut reduce it to two. I might go back for a standard burger some other time as  the kitchen kicks out a mean one. Everybody should get to eat a $60 tortured animal-fungus extravaganza at least once. But, like so many things in Vegas, you just feel a little bit like a sucker. I'd feel silly about it but thanks to Carolyn at the Bellagio, I had some money to burn. So instead, I'm just a little bit fatter.
5	Some of the best burgers around.  This place is located in the Shops at Mandalay Place, between Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  A totally unique burger menu where you can top your burger with pretty much anything under the sun.  If you are in the mood for a lobster tail or foie gras on your burger, they have it.  For the meat, you can choose from beef (they offer regular, Black Angus, and Kobe), lamb, turkey and veggie burger.  I actually prefer the turkey burger over the rest.  It comes out perfectly seasoned and so tender.  The beef and lamb are always great too.  After you pick your meat, you pick your bun type, your cheese type and then all the rest of your toppings.  My favorite concoction is a turkey burger served on an onion bun with American cheese, peppered bacon, and button mushrooms.  All the usual toppings such as lettuce, tomato, and onion come standard with all the burgers.  They make great fries here which come in both the skinny or thick varieties.  For something different, try their delicious zucchini fries.  They also have a big beer and drink selection here.  If you are lucky enough to sit at a booth, they are equipped with flat panel televisions.  The service has always been great here.  I have never been here when there was not a wait, but the wait is usually only 10 or 15 minutes and there are plenty of nearby shops to browse around while you wait.
3	Am I a wimp?I guess I just don't like it when the bottom of my burger bun is soaked with COW BLOOD.i asked for my kobe burger to be cooked medium. last time i checked, "medium" meant slightly pink.. not bloody enough to soak my burger bun.i def enjoyed the cooked areas of my burger but not the center. i only ate 75% of my burger. i did not send it back because i'm a wimp and didn't want anyone to spit on it.my other friend who ordered medium also got rare.order more well done than you usually do and you should be fine.
4	If my boyfriend were rating this, he'd try to give it six stars.  He's a big beef eater, and his selections were fantastic, for him..I got the turkey burger, since I'm not a huge fan of beef.  I'll eat it, but if there's another option on the menu, I'll choose it.  I loved my burger, and the fact I got to choose everything, from the meat, to the bun, to the toppings, to the fries.I don't have much to complain about, really, except service was a little slow, and the prices are really expensive for BURGERS.But I'd still recommend trying it out!!!
4	The burgers here are really good.  The wait can get pretty long at times.  The sweet potato fries are REALLY good.  Watch out for price also, because although a burger may be listed as $10-15, you still have to pay extra for cheese and any sides you want.
5	Best burger ever.Will always go to Burger Bar everytime we go to Vegas.Go, you will not be disappointed.
4	Fantastic burger, maybe the best burger. I go to Vegas for a convention every year and make the pilgrimage to Mandalay every time I'm in town. The Chef is the auspicious Hubert Keller of Fluer des Lys Restaurant (SF/LV). At the Vegas restaurant they have an on-site butcher, all the ingredients are fresh, they even have a vegan burger for the non-meat eater. I usually go with 'the Traditional', BB also has a full bar, hence the name. The service is good, and the prices are indicative of a 4 or 5 star restaurant, but at the end of the day, it's worth the splurge. Burger Bar will be opening soon in Union Square for those that stay closer to home. Defn. worth the wait. . . .
5	It took me forever to get a table (about 35 minutes for two at 2 pm...but it was Memorial day weekend)..however...This...place...is.....AWESOME!!! They got a great beer selection at decent pricing. The service was good..but more importantly..damn those are good burgers...I ordered a American Kobe beef burger on a sesame bun with pepper jack cheese, carmelized onions, avacado and prosciutto. and It was DELICIOUS-NESS. My girlfriend's burger with Jalapeno Bacon was quite good too...It was hard to make decisions without offsetting flavors but with options like red wine reduction sauces, truffles, foie gras on your burger...wow..awesome-ness...even lobster...but I decided not to go there just because it didn't sound too tasty on a burger.   Anyway my burger and fries was about $25 by itself..yes definitely the most expensive burger i've ever ordered...but it was damn good..and Burger Bar has possibly become a new must-eat at place for my next Las Vegas visit (which knowing me will be within the next 3 months).~G
5	I think its time for a vegetarian (or at least non-beef eater) to weigh in on this whole Burger Bar phenom.The vegeburger is always an underestimated menu item, thrown in as an afterthought by most carniverous restaurants as a half-hearted olive branch so that the meat eaters can drag their vegehead friends with them, but usually they are very basic and do not offer choice options or ways to jazz them up like are typically offered for meat burgers-so any opportunity to play around with the vegeburger medium is a place I'm in the mood to try!After ordering a vegeburger with portabello mushrooms and jack cheese, I gotta say that I am TOTALLY a fan of this place now!  Their patty was closer to a gardenburger than to a boca burger, which is how i prefer my nonmeat burgers to be.  The mushrooms were plentiful and the cheese was melted to perfection.  As a fantastic side, the zucchini fries were amazing.  Fried to perfection with ranch to dip them in, these definately made my night.Since I was staying at Mandalay Bay, they let me phone down my order and pick it up in about 10 minutes.  When I got there, I overheard the hostess telling a customer that the table wait was about 15-20 minutes for a table for two.  Not bad considering how long you have to wait for tables in other places in vegas, but I definately was pleased with my choice of to-go.Overall a great meal that was a complete BARGAIN for like $13.  The cheapest meal I had in vegas, and the quality was probably the best. Will definately be back again.
5	Hubert Keller has a winner!!!This was my second time to Burger Bar and I decided to go high roller style this trip around.Rossini Burger : $60 burger that contained US Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Black Truffle on an Onion Roll. Glass on cab...  Make sure and get the Beef Med Rare... will melt in your mouth.If your adventurous after for dessert, try the peanut butter and jelly burger.  Super good!!Will be back again for sure.  Time to try a new combo.
3	I'd go back!Girlfriends and I came here on a Thursday night before watching Sex and the City and it was a good thing we came early! There was an hour wait for a party of 3.  A friend and I ordered and split the Kobe Burger, added swiss cheese and portobello mushrooms on it! My mouth is watering right now! Hahaha..it was very good! We also tried the sweet potato fries and they were yummy, but i kinda missed the regular potato fries!The only thing that sucked was their service was kinda slow. Reaaaaalllly slow!!
1	We had a group lunch here and I thought it would be a good place to have a decent cheap meal while staying at Mandalay . Hubert Keller was involved in the menu, so my expectations were high. As usual, dishes are rated 1 - 10, 10 being amazing.$4 Onion Rings (6)Decent rings, about 10 per order. Large and heavily battered.$3 Fries (2)Thick cut, but not crisp on the outside. It was the texture of high school cafeteria fries. They came with a side of ranch dressing with the consistency of Gatorade.$13 Classic Burger with Fries (4)My friend got this burger. I didn't try it, but it look like shit. I'm not sure how Keller puts is name on this crap.$16 Kobe Beef Burger, $2 Swiss Cheese, $1 Caramelized Onions, $6 Truffle Sauce (2)If this was Kobe, then I don't doubt McDonald's will start serving it soon. It's American Kobe from Snake Rivers Farm, but I think they mix it with something else as well. The onions tasted as though they had been sitting for hours. The truffle sauce was decent for $6, but tasting of poor quality. Overall, this was trash. $4 Side of Zucchini Fries (7)This and the onion rings were the only good things I had.This food is absolutely shitty, go elsewhere. Perhaps, if you hook up with somebody that you regret in the morning, this would be an appropriate option.
3	Not bad, but not the best. A lot of selection, bu not as good as some other burger joints.Can't wait for LV to get a Counter Burger!
4	I first visited this place almost 5 years ago and thought this place was unbelievable.  Had my first Kobe burger - with cheddar - and thought I had died and gone to heaven.  The zucchini fries were heavenly, and the french fries and oniion rings so-so, and the service was alright.  Every time I  visit  Vegas - 3-4 times a year - I make it a point to stop here.  Yes, it's inconsistent but the last time I was there my two girlfriends convinced me the burger was best with foie gras.  try it - it's worth the splurge. and don't forget the zucchini fries.
4	My first impression of this place was that they take a perfectly good thing like a burger, stuff it with goose livers or lobster and charge north of $40 for it. I know how badly you want to spend that much on a burger but if you find the sheer force of will to contain yourself and get one of the regular burgers, you'll be very happy. So, that's worth 3 stars. The fourth is for the amazing selection of hard to find beers. They have a beer list that looks like a wine list.
2	I don't know why people rave about this place so much. It's basically a burger joint decked out in McCormick and Schmicks style. The burgers are good, but overpriced. I loved the sweet potato fries. Delicious. The burger was good, but not worth 10. The server/service was okay (there is always a line to get into this place), but he forgot my beer (even though they were out of what I originally ordered, so it was doubly delayed) and it took forever to get it. I probably would not go here again. I mean, guys in polo shirts and white tennis shoes and their dates. That's what this place is. Zzzzzz. There are so many other dining options in Vegas, and there's nothing special about these burgers. In and Out, in my opinion, is far better.
4	I had a great time dining here and thought it was a unique experience.I was a bit overwhelmed by the multiple choices for my burger :on buns there's  Sesame / Onion / Whole Wheat / Plain / Ciabatta.And they have a  variety of choices to fill your burger and  other options to replace the regular burger patty like lobster or salmon.Their burgers are a bit on the expensive side, but what isn't expensive dining in Vegas.Also there's salad options, kids meal and sweet burgers ( choco burger, pb and j burger, and creamy cheese cake burger).
4	Would I have waited in the line going out into the hallway for this place?  Probably not.  But for our last meal in Vegas it was a good one!  We were waiting to go grab the luggage and hit a cab to the airport, but neede3d some grub.  I'm not a fan of anything in the Luxor so we headed over to Mandalay.  The service was *eh* but I love being able to put all sorts of different things on a burger!  Yummy!  Choices of cheese and veggies!?  If only they didn't charge $1 or $2 for each item I could have made them like I do at home.  But seriously, $1 for guac and $2 for fresh avocado?  I think my partner got more guacamole on hers than my sad little piece of avocado.  And then I'm adding a whole extra star for having Shiner Bock on tap!!!  It's hard enough to find it in Chicago, and I sure wasn't expecting to see it on a beer list on vacation!  Thanks for ending our trip on a high note!
1	OVERALL RATING:Service: 1Decor: 2Food: 1Dog-friendly: NA--------------------------------------------------Plus (+):It's in the Mandalay Bay, so you're very close to something betterMinus (-):Burgers and price--------------------------------------------------Unfortunately, this is the absolute worst burger I've ever had. I wanted to like this place since Hubert Keller designed the menu. We tried the $16 Kobe burger which should have been moist and delicious, but instead it was a over-cooked, scrawny little hockey puck on a so-so bun. The fries were just OK. I've had better...everywhere else.My advice: Save the money and go to Keller's absolutely fabulous Fleur de Lys. Go to the Las Vegas location, not the flagship San Francisco one. I tried both and they don't even come close to each other...so wierd.
4	Still as good as I remembered, esp. the zucchini fries.  Took a newbie and she loved her Angus burger with cheddar.  As much as it hasn't changed, I'm afraid a lot of other burger places have caught up in taste and quality.   But it's still worthy of a visit.
5	My boyfriend and I's ever so often treat is coming here for a Kobe burger. At $16 it isn't cheap, but we share it (it's a good size), and it's soooo good. We always add provolone cheese, cheddar cheese, cinnamon bacon, and oyster mushrooms. All delicious and to die for. They carry some awesome beers (try the Wailea wheat!), and service has always been good. The wait sucks, but there's a reason wy this place always has a wait.
4	my favorite lunch spot everytime i come to vegas.  they have a great selection of burgers and the largest assortment of topping i have ever seen in my life.  i love the jalapeno bacon and the kobe burger.  for the non meat lovers, they also serve a great salmon burger as well.be prepared to wait a little if you arrive there late.
5	Be ready to "make your own burger" at this bar...the choices are endless!  This place reminds me of The Counter in LA/OC, but it's MUCH better.I ordered the sliders for variety.  The sliders come with 3 different types of burgers and skinny fries.  They were delicious and filling (for me at least) - it was definitely a smaller portion than their regular size burgers.My husband ordered an angus beef burger with fried egg, jalapeno peppered bacon, and lettuce/tomato/cheese - he says this is probably the 2nd best burger he's ever had next to Shake Shack in NY.  The service was excellent!  Our water glasses were never empty and our waitress was super friendly.  There was a 30 minute wait when we got there around noon so expect to wait or go early!  We'll definitely frequent this joint the next time we are in Vegas.
5	So here's the thing about Burger Bar: you have to believe that a $15-$30 burger can be worth the money.  I know what you're thinking: "No f-ing way."  Well, that's fine.  I used to be like you: uneducated, unknowing.  Unenlightened.  And then I went, and my eyes were opened to the top of the burger world.First, you gotta choose your meat: you can get Angus, Kobe, hell, even Buffalo and Vegetarian.  Then you choose your toppings, and this is where the fun starts.  You like lobster?  Bam!  Throw it on top of your Kobe burger.  You like shrimp?  Bam!  Throw it on top of your Buffalo burger.  You like lobster AND shrimp?  Bam!  You're crazy.  But you can throw both of them on top of your Angus.  They've got different kinds of bacon, different kinds of lettuce, cheese, mushrooms... hell, they even have shaved truffles, which launches your burger into the price stratosphere.  Somehow, everything is cooked so well that it all goes together, even if you've got a Vegetarian burger topped with eggs, asparagus, and applewood bacon.Then you have sides.  They have a great selection of those, too.  Normal fries, sweet potato fries.... they're wonderfully crisp with just enough of the potato matter.  My personal favorite is the fried zucchini; way better than anything you'll get at a carnival or random schmuck burger joint.The decor is pretty nice; it's sort of like a gentrified sports bar.... that occasionally serves $65 burgers with truffles.  But it's comfortable, warm and inviting, with tons of wood bars, tables, and booths.  I haven't really had a chance to try the beers, as I think I'm usually too busy stuffing my face.Anyway, give it a shot.  I never thought a $25 burger could be worth it, but they've made a true believer out of me.
5	Lets put it this way, after leaving BB I had what I affectionately named "The Burger Baby" as in my stomach looked reminiscent of when I was about 6 months pregnant - all from a turkey burger no less! The first restaurant we hit on our recent trip to Vegas was Burger Bar, my husband was dying to try it out - The Hubert Keller hype and all.. I had a turkey burger with bleu cheese, caramelized onions and sauteed mushrooms - he had the minis and we shared the fantastic panko crusted onion rings. Everything knocked my socks off, I was seriously enjoying myself. The burger I ordered was HUGE and I ate a good 95% before giving up and giving in. My only complaint would be that they do not serve Mich Ultra( I know, you dark beer lovers are shaming me because they DO have a great beer list - just not what we prefer!) so we had to settle for a pitcher of Mich Lite. Boo. We will def. be back, next time with a pair of stretchy yoga pants or something!!
3	Pretty decent burgers.  I'm not sure they met the hype, but they weren't horrible either.To start, I ordered mine on an onion bun which turned out to be a good choice.  The Kobe beef was nice and juicy, the grilled onions made it sweet and the jalapeno bacon (yes, jalapeno bacon) was a really nice addition as it gave it a nice kick.  And of course, peppered Jack cheese.The regular fries, sweet potato fries and the zucchini fries were all great... I just wish they had garlic aioli sauce.  ;)The negatives I have are:1. The price.  Being $16 for the burger alone (as each topping has additional costs) gives it a reason not to go too often (thank goodness it's 250 miles from me), but I'd say it's worth it on the occasional visits to Vegas from here on out.2. My brother's burger somehow turned out pretty bland.  He had the Kobe with Jack as well but with guacamole and jalapenos on the side, so I question the consistency of the burgers somewhat.3. To be completely honest, w/ all those toppings, it's hard to tell the difference between Kobe beef and your typical farm or Angus beef.  Might not be a bad idea to save $5 and get that instead.
4	We had to wait for almost an hour to get into this place so by the time we got there, we were absolutely starving. It's our own fault, it was July fourth weekend. But I imagine there is often a line.It was worth the wait. I really liked the different toppings/additions you could add to your burger. I ate a veggie burger, which they clearly make on the premises. No defrosted garden burger here. The veggie burger was gorgeous and hearty, packed with lentils and other goodies.The others got angus burgers with bleu cheese and grilled asparagus. They all relished every bite. Good beer selections too. The service was a little inconsistent. Everyone was really nice but you'd ask for something and they straight up would forget. They were super slammed though so you be the judge. I would definitely make it a point to go here if in Vegas.
5	Very glad I made it here. Split an expensive burger with my gal. I eat ~4 burgers a year as they all suck. But this one was terrific. Great beer menu too. Always a nice supprise to find euro beers on tap. There cheap burgers too, which I bet are yummy too. Waitresses were nice and friendy and boobie. Not sure i'd go for a dinner, but its a great lunch spot.
4	Let's start with the hostess: she took our name for a reservation and said it'd be about 20 minutes. Instead of lining up against the wall and waiting like a bunch of common criminals, we walked around the casino, did other stuff, and checked back about 20 minutes later. The hostess said she'd already called our name and that she'd call it again later when a table opened up. Fair enough -- it was our fault for wandering off. She called another name "party of [same amount of people we are]," again, again; obviously this mystery party of 4 was not around. I said "we could take the place of the  people you're calling, you know." To her credit, she got it and seated us in one of the several empty booths (so, is anticipation part of the dining experience or is there some seating system whose logic eludes me to this day?).The food was excellent. I'd caught the chef's (not that I expect that he personally made our order) show on PBS (that's how hard I party) and it lived up to expectations. Our waitress was nice and friendly. If  you're at Mandalay Bay and want to have a gourmet burger, this is what I'd recommend.
4	I entered Burger Bar a bit disappointed by the decor & location.  After all, this is the guy who also runs Fleur De Lys.  Located in the mall between Luxor & Mandalay Bay and with wood paneling, dark lighting and flat screens on the walls, it looked like just another sports bar.  But, once I had the food, I forgot about the setting.  We went for an early dinner around 6 p.m. on a Sunday and didn't have to wait at all.  I started off with the Lindeman's Framboise, which I think is a beer, but it tastes like Izze and is alcoholic, so even better.  BF had some kind of IPA - big draft selection.  Drink selection a-ok.Then came the burgers - a buffalo burger for me, and surf & turf for him.  Burgers were excellent, cooked to the right medium rareness.  Fries & onion rings were perfect too.  No oily fries or loose onions after a bite.  Only complaint is that presentation was nonexistent. (I don't like seeing white on my plate unless it's done artistically.)  I also stuffed myself with the Chocolate Burger for dessert.  With donut buns, chocolate ganache meat, jello cheese, strawberry tomatos and mint lettuce, it sounded heavenly.  But, after a couple bites, it was definitely too rich for me.  Probably better to share than tackle alone.Service is eh, but it fits the setting.
3	Like many hotel eateries, if you dont lose your cash in the casino, you will surely pay premium for your eats.  Burger Bar is a great lunch or snack meal when you need that Beef Fix.  Hidden around the corner from the Mandalay Bay, this place is packed.  We waited about 20 minutes just to sit at the bar.  Is it the perfect burger? No.  Not even close.  Does it taste like a premium gourmet burger?  Yes.  But the problem likes with the fixins.  Everything is an extra charge.  Bacon, avocado, cheese, onions, grilled onions, and of course the fries.  I think i had the NY beef or the sirloin.....the kobe seemed too outrageous at the time, but i think now, i should ponied up and just threw down $$$ for tasty american wagyu.I dont recall sliders, but i think that wouldve been a better way to go.  Unfortunately at the time, i was sporting a nice hang over from the night before at the casino bar with the boys.....10 too many kettle ones.  Anyhow, this is prob incomplete...I need to give it another go around for a better feel.
5	i go vegas every year and i have to eat burger bar everytime i go. i hate eatin burgers, but not when i go to burger bar. it's the best burgers i ever had. the sweet potato fries are the best! u can also build ur own burger too.
5	Yes it's expensive but it's very much worth it. The ground beef is shredded fresh daily from good steaks and so you can safely eat the burgers with a little pink in them. They hubby ordered the Kobe beef burger with sprouts, bacon, swiss and barbecue sauce. I ordered the turkey burger with portobello, swiss and carmelized onions. It was the tastiest burger I've ever eaten. The shoestring fries are to die for as well. The service was great and everyone was very nice. We spent $50 for 2 burgers, a side of fries to share, two sodas and a 20% tip. It was well worth it!!!
5	At lass a Burger joint that compliments the sexy classiness in a gal. The perfect place to take your date when you are well past impressing them, the perfect spot to do a gals night out or just a gals luncheon before the spa or after the pool. The perfect next day hangover food a giant salad. And you know the guys gotta love a spot that has the most beers on tap I have ever seen in a burger joint. With a variety of eye candy running around decked out in Burger Bar outfits. You could even dine here with your family. Its cool all the way around. With Apple Martini in hand I eagerly scope out the menu to see what famous creator Chef Keller has done to our all American Burger. I almost drop my martini when I learn its really true what they say...My God he put the ultimate on a burger, Foie gras! All I have to say after eating that meal is, how can I eat this all the time? The Kobe beef was perfect topped with Foie Gras. who'd a thought something so sexy can lay on top of an all American dish..the burger. Seems like Chef Keller brought some of that classiness from Fleur with him to the Burger Bar.
3	I read about Burger Bar in a magazine and had to try it. While I wasn't let down, I wasn't pleasantly surprised by this place either. Yes, they do a great job elevating burgers to another level of creativity and taste, but their prices are kind of ridiculous. For two people I think our check was close to $100 without drinking alcohol. Sure we didn't need to order the surf and turf burger, but it's still just a sandwich. Is is a sandwich really ever worth that much even with bells and whistles? This really is a glamourized sports bar in a mall. The tvs do nothing for the atmosphere. I would go back, but only if someone else was paying.
3	ate here last wknd and was a bit unpleasantly surprised to find out that they changed their veggie burger to a pumpkin based patty full of brown rice and veggies.the burger was very large (think of a cow patty) resulting in it being squeezed out from the bun on all sides, as for flavor it was a bit on the bland and texture-less side. i would prefer the orig patty....hopefully they are just trying out a new recipe since it hasnt been updated on the menu?!
5	My all-time favorite place to eat anywhere. I have no complaints. Let's see:- Best burgers I've ever had. Spring for the American Kobe beef patty, it's so very worth it. Everywhere else I order burgers medium-well or well-done, but this one is deserving of a medium or medium-rare. Delicious.- Best beer list I've seen in a while. All sorts of good things to try and tons on tap. I think the tap is like 6-8 feet long.- Sports on TV, including personal TVs in the booths.- Awesome toppings for the burgers and the fried stuff is so damn tasty.- Nice servers and friendly bartenders. Sometimes the host stand staff can seem a little "inexperienced" but that doesn't detract from the dining experience.Just so freakin' good. I can't say enough about this place. I've dragged people all the way down from the Las Vegas Hilton just to have dinner here. Yummy yummy yummy!
3	It's a burger place. Albeit a bit on the upper end of burger places. I had the buffalo burger, which was really tasty. Also I was excited they had honey to go with their sweet potato fries!Not much to say. If you want a burger, it's a good place for it. Nothing special though.
4	there was no wait for our group of 4 around lunch time and the service was decent.I really enjoyed my veggie burger but the price of the add ons for the burgers were a little much. besides the extras, everything was tastey and no one in our group was disappointed.
4	I make my yearly trip out to vegas for our fantasy football draft.  We usually stay at the mandalay, but I always get cheap if not free rooms at the luxor (which is within walking distance internally to Mandalay)....so we always end up walking past this burger bar.  But ever since we saw it, we visit it every year.  We should be making our annual trip soon...but figured I would review it so I can update it later with my Kobe experience.I usually get the American Classic $12.75Ridgefield farm beef, American cheese, crispy bacon, tomato, onion, on sesame bun and that thing is delicious.  Or you can make your own and add topings as you wish.  This burger really hits the spot right before or during the draft.  Sometimes there is a wait as it is pretty popular.I will have to revisit and update on how it tastes compared to the burger places I've been to in so cali....and I will try the kobe this year.
4	This place is great!! TV's everywhere to watch games, and even in the private booths. There were a number of burgers to choose from, but most of our party chose the Kobe beef burger, where else can you get a Kobe beef burger for $16.00?! They also had a bunch of toppings to choose from including lobster tail and some high end truffles. I chose portabella mushrooms, which was stacked, and caramelized onions. DELICIOUS!! I also chose a side of sweet potato fries, which was also great. What was also impressive was their beer menu. I could have sworn they had every beer/lager in the world. If you're looking for something a bit stronger than a beer, I suggest the Chimay, white ribbon.If you still have room after your burger, try the dessert burger!! It's a warm doughnut sandwich with ice cream and some fruit I think, but it was YUM!! I thought that it was going to be too sweet, but it was just right.The only downside is that adding on all the toppings can get a bit pricey, but it's worth it!
4	Went here for my birthday at the insistence of a coworker who had heard about their $60 burgers.  Frankly, who can say no to kobe beef, foie gras, and a third of an ounce of black truffles slathered on an onion bun with a side of bernaise sauce?  I couldn't.  Did I mention the dessert that comes included with the fancy burger?  A sugar donut split in two like a bun with a patty made of dark chocolate and cheese of passion fruit gelatin with fresh fruit condiments. Only drawback was having to reject a Maudite because it tasted like the keg had been sitting way too long.  Waiter had no trouble getting me something I enjoyed a whole lot better.  Good service.  Great burger.  An excellent way to blow sixty bucks in Vegas.
3	Looking for an easy place to eat before heading home on a Sunday, we found the Burger Bar in Mandalay Place, between Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  The staff was pleasant and the music playing was just our speed.There are a lot of beers on tap here, and the bartender (we sat at the bar) brought me a sample of something he thought I might like after I ordered.  He was right, it was good.  The "design your own burger" concept is not new, but they have great options, better than any place I've seen before.  I went with an Angus patty, ciabatta bun, jalapeno bacon, blue cheese crumbles, and caramelized onions.  Perfection, served medium rare.  My wife opted for the buffalo patty on whole wheat and kept it simple with cheddar cheese.  This is not usual for her, but whatever, she enjoyed it.  Sweet potato fries were good, about average for what we've had before.We both walked away satisfied until an hour or so later at the airport when our dinner made an emergency evacuation.  Both of us.  This is the reason I gave 3 stars instead of 4.  Hopefully just a fluke.
4	My boyfriend is a fan of Hubert Keller and Fleur de Lys, so this was like a must stop place for us when we were in Vegas last week.  We ordered 2 burgers.... 1 kinda indulgent and 1 kinda plain.- Angus beef, bleu cheese, carmelized onions, oyster mushrooms, bacon, and a side of black truffle sauce on wheat.- Angus beef, pepperjack cheese, guacamole, salsa on an onion bun.    We also had thick fries & zucchini.  Everything was delicious.  I was pouring the truffle sauce on every bite even after we put some on the burger.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because of the prices.  It hurts a little to pay more than $50 for a hamburger + french fry lunch.  I'll admit though, it was worth it and I'll definitely be coming back when I'm in Vegas again next month.
3	I've heard alot of good reviews about this place, so over my last Vegas weekend trip we came here to eat dinner. The wait took FOREVER, the service was good, but I think the food is overrated.  Maybe, it was because I was really tired, or ordered the wrong item, but my burger was alright. Nothing special about it, tasted pretty plain. Maybe next time I'll order something else.
3	I'm not too impressed. My last burger experience was Tyler's in Palm Springs which blew me away. Burger Bar just didn't cut it for me.I'm guessing that even with all the different meat choices, the normal taster isn't going to be able to distinguish between the cheaper and medium priced beef. Throw in the fact that no one's going to be going to eat just a normal cheeseburger (who wants to when there are 7 types of cheese, tons of toppings, and even foie gras and truffles to be added), it's just not worth it to go for the more expensive meats.I'm not a big fan of allowing the guest to create their own dish. It smacks of the chef not having a great menu. Just think of Father's Office in Santa Monica: one burger, no substitutions, no additions and no one complains. Why? We know perfection when we taste it. Burger Bar's concept is too "of the masses." An edited menu would have shown the owner's concept better.Sliders at the Burger Bar were cute, but instead of showing me three different slider possibilities, why not create the "perfect" slider and show me why it's perfect?So many reviews for this place on yelp, I'm pretty sure my review is going to get lost in the masses.
5	I just got back from Vegas with my bf and Burger Bar was highly recommended by a friend of ours. I dont get everyones reviews here about the prices being so high. Where are these people from that eating dinner for $10-16 is alot? We are from Nyc and you cant get a decent burger here for under $15. Even at a crappy Applebees or Chili's youre paying that for a burger and its dried out, overcooked and not customized. There was a 45 mintue wait to get in for lunch, but it was completely worth it. I love that you can customize not only your burger but your drinks. I had a cherry limeade and my bf had a strawberry one. Both were fantastic with fresh fruit in them as garnish. Also loved the buffalo seasoned skinny fries with bleu cheese dip. Not to mention the chocolate dessert burger! Omg. Its a split donut with chocolate ganash and strawberries in it. Also delicious and so creative. I even took a pic of it. Lol. Staff was courteous and attentive. My only problem with Burger Bar is that time did not allow for us to return there before we left Las Vegas. Def next time though. Please do not miss this restaurant!!
2	This was my first lunch stop on my first trip to Vegas (last year).  In terms of atmosphere, Burger Bar is virtually indistinguishable from any other sports bar or mall restaurant. The schtick is the diner's ability to customize everything from meat to bun to toppings. I opted for the Kobe beef burger (which was $16), cooked rare and topped with swiss cheese, caramelized onions, and oyster mushrooms (these ranged from about sixty cents to two dollars). I also added a side of sweet potato fries (I believe they were just under $3). The burger was absolutely enormous, and it was more or less tartare-style with just a touch of char around the outside. The combination of toppings worked well together and added some dimension, but they didn't mask the flavor of the beef. The sweet potato fries were good and crunchy, but they weren't anything special and actually tasted like standard frozen ones. I also didn't eat much of the whole wheat bun I had chosen--next time, I'll just pass on the carbs. Service was mediocre (I waited almost 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge my presence at the bar), but the draft beer list was surprisingly varied (most domestic drafts hovered around $5).  Next time, I think I'll hail a cab and go to In-N-Out!
4	Burger Bar is located between the walkway of Luxor and Mandalay Bay at Mandalay Place.  We went there around 830ish and were told to wait for half an hour.  We walked around, gambled a little bit and came back in about 20 minutes, they called a few names but no one showed up so we were able to get a seat pretty quick.I am a burger fan and Burger Bar really hits the spot when you are craving for one.  The menu offers some already constructed burgers, but the fun part is the ability to "build your own burger."  Whether it's fancy kobe beef burger with fois gras and truffles for about $60 or a black angus burger for $10, it is satisfying that the big burger you order will be cooked to perfection with the toppings you want.  I ordered a burger with jalapeno bacon, portabello mushrooms and pepper jack cheese on an onion bun, it was delicious.  The burger doesn't come with fries so we ordered onion rings, fat fries, and shoestring buffalo fries for an addtional cost.  They were alright, I would prefer some seasoning on my fries and they were a little dry.  I've had better.Overall I liked the atmosphere and the convenience of the place since we stayed at Mandalay Bay.  I would definitely come back and build another burger.
4	I've eaten here three times.  The food and the service are consistently good.  I've had one of each of the beef choices in a burger and have been pleased.  Burger Bar emphasizes beer (large selection) more than wines (not the greatest list of reds).My husband tried the Rossini burger on a previous visit.  While he completely enjoyed it, I wasn't terribly impressed with the flavor combinations when I had a taste--mostly, the Madeira sauce just seemed a little too sweet that day and didn't seem to work very well with the other items on the burger.  My husband also had the dessert burger--again, while he loved it, I thought it much too strange.  I credit the attempt at being unique, original, and different, but I could have used something more basic, like a scoop of ice cream or a slice of pie.
5	I am a big Vegas fan and have been there more than I have places around where I live. I do not eat red meat or pork as I have mentioned before so I thrive on turkey burgers.  Finding a good turkey burger is a pretty hard thing to do, let me tell you. Most are frozen patty's that taste like cardboard.  Burger bar is situated inside of the amazing hotel/casino Mandalay Bay and is a great spot to hang out with some friends and have a couple drinks with your meal.  It is a neat menu where you choose everything you want from your burger with the type of bun and what you want on top.  Like I said I always get the turkey burger and it is a very good size, and juicy not dry like many others.  The downfalls are that you have to pay for each individual topping and the sides that you want with it.  You have your choice of fat steak fries, skinny fries, zucchini fries (my favorite) and some others.  I have a hard time choosing between the three so every time I go I usually rotate them.  I have never had a bad experience with the food nor the service.  The atmosphere is great (first of all its Vegas!). I love hockey so during the winter months they usually have a game on with their many TVs (located in every booth and some overhead at the bar), They have a full bar and some good beers on tap (blue moon always a fave).  I love it here and every time I go to Vega$ which has been happening a lot I have to go at least once if not more.  They are opened late (I believe 2am on the weekends) so when you are fed up at losing at the casinos, or drunk from gambling too much at the tables,  come here and give it a try!
5	Went here a month ago and then went again this past week...this place just gets better and better!This time we ordered the American Kobe Beef burger...the meat was so tender and juicy and it made all the difference!  We also ordered the Cobb Salad which I expected to be just OK but it was EXCELLENT!  The wait staff was also super friendly/attentive which makes the experience all the better.
4	So me and my gf were visiting all the hotels on the south of the strip, finally ended up at Mandalay Bay and from yelp i have heard how great the burgers were. So we definitely had to give it a try. I ordered the Angus burger Monteray Jack and shared onion rings. Man those onion rings were good, not so greasy, crispy and big. My burger was juicy, I wish I had added more things to my burger. But I was very satisfied washing my meal down with a cold glass of Boddingtons.
4	Sometimes I just crave a juicy burger and Burger Bar definitely delivered. There was a long wait so we sat at the bar. I tried the Kobe beef burger with a side of sweet potato fries. I looove sweet potato fries! Nice selection of beers as well.
3	I tried a bite of the buffalo meat burger, the grain fed meat burger, and the american classic burger. But I didn't find anything that new and exciting about any of them. I would've been happier at inn-n-out :( cuz it woulda saved me a pretty penny. And dont get the cobb salad, I coulda made a better salad! But quick service :)
2	I really was not too impressed with this place.  The service was insanely slow.  The burger I had was alright, but it wasn't the best burger I've ever had.  My friend and I ordered the dessert burger out of curiosity.  It was kind of gross.  I'm not really sure why this place is so popular.
5	Yum. I love burgers like I love my men and this one was HOT, JUICY, had great BUNS, and filled me UP!GO Kobe!
3	Burger Bar is just ok. The veggie burger option isn't tasty. I'd much prefer a Boca Burger over Burger Bar's version. The menu describe the veggie burger as " This burger will flirt with your taste buds and delight your palate with its intriguing combination of whole grains, brown rice, onions, soy, cheese, mushroom, garlic and special spices." Um, no. More like mushy rice mess that sends my taste buds packing. The sweet potato fries are delicious. One of the people in our party ordered the kobe beef/foie gras burger (aka Rossini), which was just ok. I seriously doubt it was worth the $60 price tag, but it came with a free dessert. We chose the chocolate burger, which is a warm donut (as the bun) with chocolate ganache as the meat patty and a slice of jellied passionfruit as a cheese slice. This was awesome. I would come back JUST for the dessert burgers.
3	God... All I heard through out my whole meal was a drunk boyfriend with his mouth full saying "OH MY GOD THIS IS SO GOOD"..Yeh.. it was good but not great.. I walked from Bills Gambling Hall to Mandalay Bay for the burger bar. I think the walk was not worth it. ANYWAYS, I got some type of burger not quite sure.. it was good... we sat at the bar because there was a 20 minute wait for a table. Our server/bartender had HUMONGOOOOOOO boobies that were really tan... too bad she was about 40 years old ):yeh.. other than that. uhm.. not too impressed..
2	On our trip to Vegas a couple months ago, we stayed at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay.  Saturday evening, not feeling like going out into the hot desert air for food, we decided to stay at Mandalay Bay and look for some good, reasonably priced eats.  Yeah, I know, reasonably priced eats at Mandalay Bay, good luck, huh?  Well, we didn't find them.  We saw Burger Bar in the restaurant list in our room and decided to check it out.  Upon arriving, we looked at the menu outside the place and it was a little bit more than we wanted to spend on a late dinner.  We left and walked around the shopping area and by the restaurants inside the casino area and confirmed what we already knew, no cheap eats at Mandalay.  With no better ideas, we went back to Burger Bar.   It was pretty busy, and there was a wait for a table, so we decided to sit at the bar where there was no wait.   Burger bar has a pretty wide variety of meats, cheeses, bread and toppings for you to build your own burger.  They have a veggie burger, turkey, lamb, Angus beef, Ridgefield Farm beef and Kobe beef.  Once you choose your meat and bread, you can add cheese and other toppings as you like (but of course, each topping costs extra).  They have the usual topping like bacon, mushrooms, onions, chili and peppers.  If you're feeling adventurous (and have some money to burn) you can get some of the more exotic toppings like shrimp ($6.00), lobster ($12.00), foie gras ($12.00) or black truffles (1/3 oz for $30.00).  To go along with your burger, they have fat fries, skinny fries, sweet potato fries, zucchini fries or onion rings.  Finally, if you don't feel like a burger, they have a marinated chicken breast, a salmon steak or a few different salads. After waivering between the Angus beef burger and the Kobe beef burger, I decided what the hell, I'm in Vegas, I'll go for the Kobe beef.  I decided on mozarella cheese, fried egg, mushrooms and jalapeno bacon for my toppings and a side of fat fries to go along with it.  Should have been a five star burger, but it wasn't.  I would have been way happier with a Fatburger for 1/3 of the price.  I haven't had a lot of Kobe beef, and I had high expectations for it, but it seriously let me down.  It tasted like angus beef, nothing special.  I asked for it medium and it was overcooked too.  Kind of crunchy on the outside.  The toppings were good, but again, nothing better than what I could have gotten at Fatburger.  The fries were good, but that isn't tough to do fries right.   Overall, a disappointing over-priced burger.  Four stars for the selection, but minus two for the taste and price.  The only reason I would come back here next time I'm at Mandalay Bay would be to get a milkshake to go.  Sitting at the bar, we were right in front of where the servers made the milkshakes.  Whole milk, real ice cream and Hershey's chocolate syrup, the perfect chocolate milkshake!!  They also have vanilla, peanut butter, strawberry, and banana.  Mmmm...chocolate banana peanut butter milkshake...drool.  I sorely regret not getting one.  It was, however, enjoyable to watch the cute waitress make them.  Darnit, now I have the Milkshake Song in my head...
4	If you didn't like your burger, it's because you build it wrong. Less is more. Don't go overboard with the condiments. Keep it simple. Skip the fries and go for the O- rings-- large, crispy and crunchy good.
3	Being able to put all of my favorite savory flavors in a burger truly made the burger amazing. I built a Kobe Beef Burger with Foie Gras, grilled mushrooms, caramelized onions, and topped it with a fried egg. I wish I had put truffles in as well. Paired with sweet potato fries, it made the perfect burger and fries combination.
4	You can't go to Las Vegas without eating a over top and overpriced burger and there ain't know better place to do so than Hubert Keller's Burger Bar. I like this place because it has a old school/new school burger joint look to it. They have a huge beer list and my server allowed me to taste three different beers before choosing the one I wanted which was nice. I went the Rossini Burger which is the grand daddy of all the burgers they serve. It was named after a XIXth century Italian composer whose love for fine food was legendary. Its Kobe Beef, sauteed foie gras and shaved truffles all on a onion bun with a side of a rich brown madeira sauce. It comes with a choice of fries, I chose the sweet potato fries, and a choice of a desert burger, I chose the PB&J!  The burger was absolutely amazing. I ordered medium and it came out perfect. It was very juicy and the flavors all pair well with each other. The truffles add a very nice earthy taste to it as the foie gras adds a nice richness to it. Surprisingly I was able to eat it with out it coming apart. The fries are were very good as well. I'm a huge sweet potato fan and like how they have different type fries to choose from. The PB&J desert burger is peanut butter mousse, raspberry jelly and sliced kiwi's all in the middle of a warm glazed donut. Its VERY rich but VERY good. The kiwi adds a nice refreshing taste to it which it needs with the richness of the peanut butter and the donut. The Burger Bar has a wide-range of choices and will satisfy your burger craving while in Las Vegas. I will be back to try some more of Hubert Keller's crazy burger creations.
3	$100+ for four guys to each get a burger.All weekend long we planned to get the Daniel Boulud kobe/short rib/truffle burger but we were running out of time and so we settled on the Burger Bar instead.The thing about this place is that even though there are endless ways of customizing your burger (choice of meat / bun / toppings / cheese / sauces), most of the time you just want to choose from a combination of toppings. There are a few combinations but none of them sound very good except for a kobe/truffle burger and a burger with lobster in it. I chose to go custom: ridgefield beef, bleu cheese, bacon, and a black truffle sauce on ciabatta with a side of sweet potato fries. My verdict? Pretty awesome. Total damage? 30something dollars. Not too bad, the price of a buffet and either way I'm stuffed.The other cool thing about this place is it has a very extensive list of beers. They had hitachino beer here but sadly only the lacto and hef here. I don't recommend any of those. The thing that sucks is it is a small place, it gets busy, and theres no place to sit and wait. There's shopping but you know Vegas and seating... only at the tables or in front of the slot machines. It's in a mall. They need beepers so you can venture away without worrying about losing your spot.3 stars for it was good and I might come here again.
4	See profile site for full review with formatted pics.Perhaps it was Boulud, perhaps Keller.....at some point someone decided that a 99cent cheeseburger at McDonalds simply wasn't enough.  Foie Gras, Truffles, Shrimp, Lobster.....you name it, you got it.  While I do find it odd that I found myself being led into Burger Bar by my friend when I don't particularly like beef and don't eat burgers, I will admit to have had a few in the past and my all-time was the Thurman Burger in Columbus Ohio, a famous one in its own right.  In a day that included Tableau for breakfast and Alex for dinner I must say I didn't expect much from the Burger Bar....but I was pleasantly surprised. While the Bar was located in a shopping mall at Mandalay Bay I didn't judge....most of Vegas feels like a mall anyhow and Per Se in NYC is located in a mall, as well.  Arriving around 2:30pm there was a line...a good sign I guess....our names were taken and 10 minutes later we found ourselves seated at a 4-top in the middle of the restaurant.  While the place was quite loud, conversation was quite easy and our menus were delivered quickly.  With 5-6 bread options, 5-6 meat options, 40-50 topping options, plus desserts it actually took longer to order than we had imagined.  Eventually I settled on the Turkey Burger on Ciabatta with grilled Shrimp, Pesto, and a side order of Sweet Potato fries while my buddy opted for the Kobe Beef Burger with Sharp Cheddar and Hickory Bacon on Whole Wheat with Spicy Skinny Fries and a sampler of beers. As the place was busy we chatted for a bit and I decided to get up and explore.  Much to my surprise the kitchen was wide open for viewing and I wandered about to realize how fresh all the ingredients were, the bread being baked in visible ovens, and the meats stored in large lockers.  Everything appeared very hygienic and clean, very much unlike your average burger shack.  By the time I arrived back at the table my buddy was working on his beer and approximately two minutes later the food arrived.  While I spent a moment dressing my burger and eating my incredibly garlicky pickle spear, I heard my buddy partially-moan....clearly he was loving this burger. Once my burger was adequately dressed and I had a large pile of ketchup for my fries it was time to dig in.  Crisp ciabatta with a fluffy interior first greeted my tongue followed by the wonderful basil blast of the pesto mingling with plump and tender shrimp and well cooked yet juicy turkey.  Great texture, quality ingredients, wonderful flavor, well cooked....what more can you ask for in a burger?  I next dug into the fries which were simply fantastic and #3 only to Michael Mina's Duck Fat Fries and Michael Symon's Lola Fries in terms of crispy outside and soft/salty inside.  I do find it rather unfortunate that the restaurant did not order an organic/original ketchup given the quality of the ingredients otherwise, but I guess a minimal amount of HFCS won't kill me. Having finished off our burgers and laughing more at the PTI analysis of the USC/Oregon State result my buddy and I opted for a dessert burger - the chocolate version featuring a split donut topped with a chocolate gnache puck, mango "cheese", and strawberries.  Humorous in presentation and tasty in flavor, this choice was excellent and split down the middle this "burger" was just enough after the huge burger/fries.  The mango cheese was especially surprising in its fresh taste and jello-like texture while the chocolate puck was so rich I doubt I'd have finished one myself.  The donut was a tad dry, IMO, but didn't hurt the burger overall. All told I liked the energy and the food at Burger Bar.  While certainly our most "low class" meal, I actually enjoyed the experience and the pricetag more than Sensi and Craftsteak and my buddy loved it which was excellent since he humored me in going to so many French restaurants on the weekend.  IMO, foie and truffles are best served by a chef like Stratta or Savoy and not on a piece of beef and buried under toppings...the concept of the Rossini Burger is ludicrous and anyone ordering it is showing off and missing out on the opportunity for more originality and customization at a lower price.  Regardless, to each his/her own and I think the concept of designer burgers has a lot to offer...even if the underdressed and uncustomizable option at Father's Office is still the standard by which most burgers are judged.
5	I am not a vegetarian, but the veggie burger at this restaurant is amazing!!  It's hand made and you can tell it's hand made.  On top of that, the sweet potato fries are perfect.  They're thin, crispy and delicious!  The atmosphere isn't too bad either.  There's a T.V. at every booth and plenty of room at the bar because it extends back the length of the restaurant.
5	Damn. Buy the $60 Rossini burger.  That's cheaper than 10 minutes at a blackjack table.  Buy it.  It's that good.  I could describe it to you, but it would make you buy the next plane ticket to Vegas and you'd probably end up married too.  But that's a whole 'nother issue...Spongebob Awesomeness: screw the krabby patties, it's all about the Rossini Burger.
5	Burger Bar is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. Anytime I have friends or family in town, I pick them up and we head to eat at the Burger Bar so I can order my favorite Kobe Beef on Whole Wheat Bun with coleslaw, BBQ sauce, jalapeno bacon, blue cheese and fat fries. It's hard to imagine but these burgers can not be described in words only tasted. I promise you will not be disappointed.
5	My new favorite restaurant in Vegas.  Very good selection of meats, and there's just about anything you want that can be added on top; never the same burger.As an added perk, there's flavored syrups that can be added to any soft drink (or hard drinks, I guess), which are delicious and add to any sugary high that compliments meat.My girlfriend praises the Garden Burger, and after a bite, I saw the light; you can tell they are hand made, and like a good Garden Burger, aren't trying to taste like a hamburger; they're their own entity.Give it a shot, you definitely won't regret it.
5	I am sure you are all familiar with the traditional salad-bar concept. You walk up to a selection of ingredients and fix yourself a personalized salad. Burger Bar takes that idea and steals it on behalf of carnivores everywhere (but primarily in Las Vegas!). There is no need for a sneeze guard at Burger Bar since all of the available ingredients, or burger toppings if you will, are listed on the menu. They do offer pre-designed burgers that range from reasonable to not-so-reasonable price-wise, but the fun as far as I am concerned is in building my own burger. For eaters more adventurous than I, which basically means everyone, Burger Bar is one of the few places in Las Vegas where I would suggest you go to frequently. With so many restaurants in Las Vegas it is hard to go someplace you have been before at the expense of trying somewhere new, but I try to apply that concept to dinner more than I do for lunch. Burger Bar, though a fantastic dinner spot, works well for lunch too. Each time you go, you can create a new burger blueprint like one you have never had before. There are enough options to keep you entertained visit after visit. And even though I basically get the same thing everytime, it hasn't gotten old yet. Angus Beef + Sesame seed roll + Bacon + Cheddar cheese + Fried egg = Bliss. Add their Brown gravy and you'll wonder why anyone puts ketchup on a burger (and it's GREAT on their skinny fries). When, not if, you go looking for Burger Bar, you'll find it in Mandalay Bay in the Mandalay Place.
3	I only end up at this place out of convenience (when I'm headed to House of Blues), not lust. Burger Bar wins the award for most expensive veggie burger. You buy a basic burger (meat and bread) and then they have a lot of fun burger add-ons. I got a veggie burger on an onion bun with bacon -- just kidding -- avocado, blue cheese and baby spinach. Also got a side of sweet potato fries and zucchini fries. Both were good, but the zucchini fries were just battered and fried zucchini sticks. I don't know what I was thinking. They also have a fat list of draught beers. My two friends and I each got a burger and we all shared a pitcher and our total before tip was about $75. The two times I've gone (primetime on the weekends) there was like a 20-minute wait. But you can take their number down, go window shopping at Urban Outfitters, and call the hostess to see if your digs are ready. Also, look at the menu outside as you wait, so you get your grub quicker. * On a separate visit, I ordered a $3.50 PB-chocolate shake. Kind of expensive, right? But they give you the leftovers that won't fit in the glass, old school style. Also tried the Buffalo shoestring fries. They were very good, by my standards. Tasted like they stole Jack-in-the-Boxes' fry seasoning recipe and applied it to a crunchy shoestring. Shoestring is the superior cut, but they were a little too crunchy. I found out that you can order all of the burger add-ons a la carte, with out having to buy a burger. So you can basically make a salad. This news is epic. Next time I'm gonna make a $40 Lobster tail-asparagus salad. I asked the waitress if ordering only a la carte items and no burger was common. She said a lot of vegetarians do that. Haha, pretentious ... I love it.
3	This place is pretty famous. And pretty good. Had the Kobe Burger, and no complaints. It's definitely expensive, but not surprising. In a casino on the strip, featured on Food Network, etc. There were two of us, and our bill was $50 for two burgers and two soft drinks. It can get a lot more expensive than that, depending on taste. Only reason it's a three star for me is the price, and the size of the crowds (not their fault, though).
4	In Vegas, you will find no shortage of indulgences all over the strip and the Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay is no different. I went there around 3pm and was mildly surprised it'd still take about 10 minutes before there'd be a table for us. While the place is not very big, the decor is pretty nice - in each booth at the Burger Bar there are individual TVs for you to keep an eye on the game (I was there on a college football saturday). I had the the $60 Rossini Burger (Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, and Truffles shavings). I knew I wanted it and was OK with paying the price. How was it?? It was delicious! The combination of the kobe beef, foie gras and truffles was incredible. Was it worth the $60?? Hmm... probably not. BUT, you can just get a regular Kobe Burger ($16) and add foie gras ($12) and/or truffles (1/3 oz. for $30). If you order the Rossini, however, you get fries and a "dessert burger" for the price of $60. Like I said, not a "deal" by any means, but if that's what you want, I would recommend anyone to try the Rossini once in their life. (BTW - I recommend the sweet potato fries over all other fries because we actually tried all of them)The service was nice, the waitress kept my tea filled pretty much the entire time I was there. My only complaint is that I wish it wasn't at the extreme end of the strip. If you're not cabbing it, make sure you take advantage of the tram from Luxor. Walking to Mandalay Bay is pretty much out of the question.
5	AMAZING Burgers.... I am not a burger person but every time we go to Vegas we go there for lunch... Awesome burger!
2	The is a great location. It is casual. It isn't overly expensive. However, a) it is noisy (tough for a table of six to have a conversation. A table of four would be fine, b) The Kobe Beef Burger - might be worth it..however, I asked for welldone and it was delivered medium. I didn't know until I took a bit. At issue was, they would redo it, but it would take 25 min, in 25 min I would be the only person still eating. Please, listen when your customer places and order. Overall, my impression was, Hey, we are the Burger Bar, if you don't like us, then you don't have to come to our establishment, go somewhere else. Not what I expected. Again, not a bad place - just be very clear to your server and recognize that they want you in and out -- The service I've had at Red Robin has been far superior.
4	Wow, foie gras burgers. How does it get better. Sure you can have a $60.00 foie gras burger, or you can order the same burger and add on foie gras for $20 which makes it only a $35 burger! haha ... it's definitely worth your money though, every penny. Their dessert burgers are interesting but I would NOT try them again ...
4	Massaged grounded Kobe beef.  Does it get any better?  I asked for medium rare and had the patty just dripping with blood all over my plate.  Had them slap on some avocado on the burger with a wheat bun and it was phenomenal.  I had a few of the sweet potato fries and that was great as well.We sat at the bar because the wait was fairly long and we had a flight to catch.  Service was great.
3	My friend heard lots of great things about this place so I was willing to try it out (being the cheeseburger enthusiast that I am).  Burger Bar is awesome but it definitely came at an expense than the average cheeseburger.  I've never ordered a burger with the toppings a la carte, since when did ordering a cheeseburger become a 10 step process?   Nonetheless, the cheddar cheese, bacon and sweet potato fries were awesome.  I'm a dessert junkie so I had to order the Chocolate Burger.  The chocolate ganache was really rich but a bit too thick for my taste.  The donut and strawberries were the best part of the dessert.  The food was good but after I got my bill it didn't leave a great taste.  For a party of two, the bill was almost $40.  $40 just for burgers?  Wow.  Not to mention, there were over 6 servers just hanging out behind the bar, kind of weird to see so many people standing around and not doing anything.
5	This will now be one of my standard stops when I'm in Vegas. Burger Bar is located in Mandalay Place, the shopping area that's technically part of Mandalay Place, but the restaurant is actually closer to the Luxor.If you're going just for your basic hamburger, it may be overpriced, but this place is all about customization and outlandishness in building YOUR perfect burger.This is how I built mine:- American kobe beef burger, medium rare- Ciabatta bun- Sauteed portobello mushrooms- Seared foie gras+ side of onion ringsAre you sitting down? My burger easily cost $35, and it was worth every penny. And I would gladly pay it again. Just know that it's very likely your burger won't be that expensive, and it will still be very good.They didn't skimp on the foie gras, enough in fact for me to take a slice of it to enjoy separately.  The ciabatta was perfect for absorbing all the delicious juices and foie gras fat without disintegrating.  Man, I'm drooling just thinking about it again... if someone pointed a gun to my head and said, "You must make love to a food item of your choice!" this would be it. Rar!Amenities wise, there are several TVs throughout (including one at your table)... we went on a Sunday, so we got our fill of NFL games.  There was quite a large bar and lots of booth seating.  This being Vegas, the servers were all attractive... not that I noticed, since they still didn't hold a candle to my burger. Did I mention that it was pretty good?
5	I often see those Carl's Jr commercial for the $6 dollar burger. Making a big deal about if it doesn't get all over the place, it doesn't belong in your face. Big deal, try the Burger Bar's $60 Rossini burger.Sure 60 bucks is a lot for just a burger. But come on, its VEGAS! People come here to do it big, have stories to tell, and just live a little on the wild side. So excuse me if I wanted to try this monster out.One word, amazing, this burger still haunts me. No joke, its been 2 days, and I'm getting hungry now just thinking about it. Make sure to drizzle the truffle sauce all over (truffles being the most expensive thing in the Rossini) ugh.... sooo good.  Plus it comes with desert, and the waitress was super cute.I cant stand it when people say IN-N-OUT is the best burger around. I bet those same people think strippers like them too.
5	This is a Las Vegas tradition for me.Every trip i make I have to stop by and have a custom made Wagyu burger with carmelized onions, portabello mushrooms and American cheddar.Hands down the best burger I have ever had. I first tried this place for their rossini burger, which was great but Im not really a big fan of the foie gras but for burger lovers you have to try it at least once  just for the experience.It can get packed so call 30 minutes ahead and get your name on the list, this way when you walk up you are seated right away.For me The burger bar is the perfect meal before I leave, this way win or lose I always leave Vegas happy.
5	Hands down.....best burger I have ever eaten!!!!!!Order the sweet potato fries.....oh man....just awesome!!
3	A group of friends came to Vegas to celebrate a birthday. The birthday girl wanted to eat here and we happily obliged. The place is located a little ways inside the Mandalay Place, which is their shopping/mall area. Seriously, I didn't know MB had a mall area. Good to know. I arrive fashionably late and our party of six are already seated at a booth. Inside the booth is a TV turned on to the Lakers game.We started out with some cocktails while we continue to look over the menu. The drinks were typical... Nothing too spectacular. The burgers on the other hand had an extensive menu with almost everything and anything you could possibly want to add on.I ended up choosing the Kobe Beef Burger, medium rare, on ciabatta bread with bacon, grilled onions, cheddar cheese, and sliced avocados. Unfortunately, fries do not come with your burger so I ordered some to try out. Overall, the burger was pretty big and tasty. I'm not sure if the $16 price tag on the Kobe Beef burger was better than the regular $8 beef. Next time I'd definitely try the regular Ridgefield Farm/Black Angus beef. But then again, I probably wouldn't come eat here unless someone else wanted to go. It was good, but not 'OMG THIS IS THE BEST BURGER EVER' kind of place.I included a pic of my burger. Enjoy! P.S. Dont forget to flirt with the minus5 girls on the way to and from the Burger Bar!
4	Everyone at my table seemed to love their burgers (one person even said it might be the best he's ever eaten - this was the Angus burger). Being a non-carnivore, I did not have a burger, or even a veggie burger, but opted for the Cobb salad. It was pretty good - I'd probably order it again. It would have been great but I didn't really care for the vinaigrette dressing, although I think that the dressing definitely made it feel a bit lighter, which is a good thing in Las Vegas. I did try the fries, onion rings and sweet potato fries and all were very good. I really enjoyed the sweet potato fries. They're served with ketchup but if you ask for a side of ranch dressing, they'll gladly bring it to you, and the ranch went nicely with the sweet potato fries as well as the onion rings. I also tried the vanilla milkshake and it was pretty delicious. The service was friendly, it was easy to get in for a late lunch, and the prices are not outrageous. I'd return.
4	This place would get 5 stars if not for their prices, which were pretty high.  But it is Vegas, and they were really good burgers, so its still worth 4 stars.Basically, this place will let you build whatever type of burger you like - want jalepenos, egg, mushroom and lobster on a buffalo meat burger?  Done.  I didn't get that, of course, but it is available.  What I did get (angus beef, jalepeno bacon, grilled onions) was fantastic.  To top it off, they have a huge beer list (including Shiner - which I didn't get but still earns you points in my book).  Many of the beers were quite expensive - I'm not quite to the point in my life that I'll pay $70 for a particular Belgian microbrew - but if you're into that sort of thing, I'd recommend it.
5	Yet another thing still melting on my ass.But it was worth it.The Kobe beef burger is the best burger I ever had. The sweet chocolate burger is the best burger I ever had. The last burger I will ever have will be at the the Burger Bar.I could be weighing 400 pounds and it'd still be worth it. I could be weighing 500 pounds and it would still be worth it. I could be weighing 600 pounds and it may still be worth it.Great beer selection and very decent pricing too.And the chef is French, bien sur.
4	i love this place.  i came here a few years ago while shopping at mandalay place.  i think it first opened at that time, and i had a turkey burger.  ever since, i've been dying to come back when in vegas, and i had the chance yesterday.on new years day during lunch, the place was packed.  there was quite a wait, but we got seated right away at the bar in the last 2 seats available.i got a salmon sandwich on whole wheat roll, and the bf got a veggie burger on sesame bun.  you have a choice of various toppings, and i added avocado on mine.  i also got my salmon rare.  on the side, we had onion rings and sweet potato fries.  i scarfed down the entire burger and most of my fries and was stuffed at the end.they have a great list of beers here both on draft and bottled.  however, i looked over at my neighbor at the bar, and she had a bloody mary, so i went for that instead.  i got it spicy, and it was perfect.  can't wait to come back again!
5	In & Out is nice and all, but sometimes I like a little ambience with my burger.  This is by far the best place to get a burger in Las Vegas.  It's not convenient to get to but its worth the effort (and the extra walking will maybe burn 50 calories!)The best part of ordering a burger here are your options.  EVERYTHING is a la carte: the burger, the buns, condiments, extras, fries.  You choose your favorite toppings to go with your favorite meat (kobe, turkey, veggie, Angus) and bun (sesame, ciabatta, etc).  You can order truffles, bacon, foie gras, and many different types of cheese to go on top.The fries are an extra cost but we each ordered different fries to try them all out.  The tastes were very good on all facets of our meal.  My son had the choice of a burger (krabby patties) or grilled cheese; you'd think at a burger joint he would've ordered the burger but no.The ambience here is great: servers are excellent, the lighting is cool without being too dark. The best part is the tv's at our booth which had the NFL game on from that night.  It's a little expensive but you get what you pay for in my opinion.  Looking at the other reviews here, 240 Yelpers can't be wrong!
3	OK, but didn't live up to expectations.I came here a couple of times while in Vegas for a conference at Mandalay Bay.  I've seen this place many times on TV on Hubert Keller's "Secrets of a Chef" that was on PBS a while ago, and have been to his flagship Fleur de Lys restaurant in San Francisco.One of the things that looked great on the TV show was the lamb burger, which has since been discontinued, so no luck there.  I wasn't up for the $65 Rossini burger, so I went with the build-your own, which was OK but nothing amazing.The problem is that you can dig yourself into a hole with bad combinations, and there weren't that many suggestions made on the menu.  I gave it a couple of tries, and they were decent, but not great.They had a good beer selection, which was a plus.So, it was decent, but to be honest I probably preferred my Fatburger down the street, and definitely preferred burgers from The Counter.
3	Remember having had a pretty good lunch here with a friend before a meeting but that we definitely had some sticker shock when the bill came. I had a turkey burger, not sure anymore with what but I tend to go towards spinach and feta or avocado and pepper jack, and she had a veggie burger, again can't remember for sure with what but she tends to go toward simple, and we shared the zucchini fries. We each had a sparkling water, and I think the bill was something like $50. For a couple of burgers and fries. I know it's a Hubert Keller restaurant and I know it's Vegas. I'm a foodie and I know you pay for the experience to dine at some of these spots. Still, for the money? Not sure I'm 100% sold.
4	Tried the chocolate burger... wow! 2 doughuts, served warm with chocolate fudge in the center as the patty, mango jelly as cheese, and stawberries as tomato..for only 3.95!  It was rich and tasty.. also tried the buffalo shoestring fries.. they were too spicy for my liking.  The regular fries didn't look too good to me.   The burgers looked pretty good. I was too full from eating so much to try one. There was a wait to get a table so we sat at the bar immediately.
3	The Burger Bar is located in the Mandalay Bay hotel/casino.  It's hours are great for late night revelers.  Service is average.  The great thing about the place is the ability to build your burger the way you like it with pretty unique toppings.Their signature item is the Rossini burger, which has Kobe beef (American Kobe I believe), with foie gras, shaved truffles and a madeira sauce and a small side of fries.  Price?  $60.  Since you can go anywhere for a burger, we ordered the Rossini.  The patty was cooked to order  and extremely tender.  However, the foie gras was overcooked and not all that good.  It tasted like ordinary cooked liver as opposed to the buttery and savory texture if cooked properly.  What a crying shame...Overall, still a good burger, but pretty unforgiveable how they prepared the foie gras.  Don't think we'll be going back there, given the prices.
4	mmm! very delicious burgers.  i just got the angus beef burger and it was meaty and delicious! don't forget to add  grilled onions and avocado slices! the mixture of tastes is so yummy!  we wanted to come back the next day to eat! their buffalo fries are tasty as well! ask for ranch to dip.
5	Burger Bar is awesome.  Try the Kobe.  Yes, its almost 20 bucks for a hamburger.  You're in Vegas, not Idaho.  Order it medium, have the shoe string fries, and you're set.  I usually like adding shrimp and roasted peppers to my burgers (because its Vegas, because I CAN).  Good place to go see, be seen, and chill before a crazy night out.You want a jumbo jack for .99 cents?  You know where to find those.  This isn't that place.
3	Went the other night with a big group from work and had a really great kobe burger with white cheddar and sweet potato fries. The burger was cooked perfectly and the fries were kick-ass. Still not the best burger I've ever had but we had a great time!
4	Staying in the Mandalay Bay, we were desperate for some food to tie down all of our alcohol consumption.  Hence burgers!!!It's a warm inviting place, and the menu is pretty complex in variety.Both of our burgers were juicy, tasty and our waiter was nice, even though we came in when they were closing (oops!!)Recommended!
4	I looked at  the extensive selections for burgers and thought this is the place for me."If" as the saying goes - "you are what you eat .... then I am a hamburger."Love them in all shapes and sizes. Never get tired of them .......Located in the Mandalay Place walkway it is a great spot to meet friends.Along with their enjoyable build your own buger menu, they have an extensive beer selection with varieties from all corners of the globe.The service is good, the people are friendly.I went with the standard menu fare for my burger and was very pleased.I do not think this was the very best burger that I have ever had, as some reviews have stated .... but it was very enjoyable.When you get a bit tired of the 4 and 5 star dining establishnments and their prices then this bar is the place for you.Burgers done right, beers that are out of sight ........A 4 star burger feeling on any nightA flat out good time.
4	I swear, if my friends drag my ass to Vegas only to suggest eating at dumps like Denny's, Outback Steakhouse, or McDonald's, I will slap a b!tch!!As expected, our wait took about 60 mins since my group size was 19 to begin with. They don't take RSVP's, you have to throw your name down on the wait list for first come, first serve.I've been a fan of Hubert Keller's Fleur de Lys in San Franciso, but I was surprised to hear he also owned a burger joint in Vegas. I love the idea that you can build your own burger however way you like it.There's 3 different types of beef you can choose to start with, $8-$16. Want cheese? Add $0.65. If you're a foie gras lover like I am, add $12. Black truffle sauce, add $5. I also ordered their sweet potato fries, they were pretty good - but I've had better at The Counter in San Jose's Santana Row. ;-)Overall, this place is definitely worth a return visit for lunch and/or dinner. Grilled foie gras patty for $12? Hell Yeah!!
5	As soon as we landed, got to our hotel, put our bags in our room, we headed straight to Burger Bar for lunch.American Kobe Beef burger (cooked medium) with provolone and oyster mushrooms,  a side of sweet potato fries.... and a tall, cold glass of one of the 24 beers they have on tap. I'd walk to Vegas for another meal like that.I can't say anything bad about Burger Bar.
5	Despite everyone else at my table getting the kobe beef burger, I opted for the buffalo burger to tone down some of the decadent eating in Vegas. I was so NOT disappointed. I got my buffalo med rare on the whole wheat bun with some chopped jalapenos. My burger was tasty!.. dripping with juice and left me wanting to return the next day to eat exactly the same thing! great onion rings too!
5	As far as a place to order a killer burger there really isn't a better place that I have came across in all my years of eating burgers than the Burger Bar.  The only drawback with this place is that there has always been wait to get seated. Luckily for me during my most recent visit there was room for us at the bar so we were seated right away! This time around I had the kobe burger with jalapeno flavored bacon and pepper jack cheese on a wheat bun and steak fries, having a slight hang over I really couldn't think of anything better to have than the burger listed above and a nice cold beer. When it comes to beers the Burger Bar has no shortage of them, with a beer list that is as long and as extensive as most top restaurants wine lists. I ended up ordering an organic beer called Stone Mill which was unreal, I am going to yelp about that as well :)Like most good things this also isn't cheap, however it is worth going to once in a great while to treat yourself and your friends to a killer burger and I cannot think of a better place to do this at.
4	i love the sweet potato fries!  good burger, good fries, good service.  the dessert was interesting.  it was a chocolate dessert burger.  a donut sliced in half (buns), a chocolate block (patty), mint leaves (lettuce) and some sliced strawberries (tomato).  you can't really go wrong with chocolate, donuts and strawberries.  i coulda gone without the mint leaves.  i think they were mint leaves.  i would go back.  great burger place.
4	I love love Burger Bar. If I am staying in this section of the strip I try to make it here. My BF and I shared an Angus Burger w/bacon, blue cheese and some fat fries and grilled onions. DELICIOUS!They never disappoint here. The service is always great and the location is just a short walk if your staying in either Mandalay Bay or Luxor.
2	I'll start this review by saying that I was told by a good friend that this place had the "best burgers" he had ever had.  And when I'm told that anything is "the best", it almost always fails to live up to the expectation.  Burger Bar fell victim to the same curse.A buddy and I were in town staying at the Luxor for a trade show that was at the Mandalay Bay, so aside from the recommendation from another friend, we had to walk past Burger Bar every day to get to the Mandalay convention hall.  We almost didn't make the stop, because like usual, Vegas had sucked the life out of me and made me feel sick to my stomach within the first 8 hours of our visit, and neither of us had much of an appetite as a result.  After passing by a handful of  times, though, we decided that our last meal (fitting title for a terrible trip) would be at Burger Bar.We arrived around 6PM and the wait was 45 minutes.  Instead of being impatient, we saw this as a good sign of things to come and put our names down before heading to waste a few bills and brain cells on gambling and booze.  When we came back and got seated, we were both impressed with the layout of the place.  Booths have private TVs, and the adjacent tables have great views of flat screens that overlook the decent-size bar.  The beer menu was extensive, and I learned that Burger Bar prides itself on its selection of "rare beers."  Although I opted to drink wine, I can confirm that the beer selection here is second-to-none.  They had something like a minimum of 4-5 beers from more countries than I could process in one look.  The only problem is that a person can only drink so much beer when they are eating large amounts of beef.  Not a bad problem to have, though.Now to the food.  My buddy and I both ordered the Kobe Beef Burger, his medium rare, and mine medium well.  When they came, all looked delectable...until we took a bite.  Mine was barely medium rare, and my friend's almost kicked him in the mouth it was so rare.  I swear I heard the thing "moo."  So we got the attention of our nice waitress, informed her of the situation and asked for a re-order.  But instead of smiling and apologizing profusely, she tried to argue with us about what our respective burgers should look like based on how we ordered them.  Oh boy.  She finally sensed our quickly rising frustration, apologized and took the burgers back.About 5 minutes later, we get our original order, but they were the EXACT SAME BURGERS, pieces missing from our last bites and all.  Now I'm not one to waste things, so this normally wouldn't be a big deal, but considering the waitress already arguing with us, and the fact that this place claims to be one of the best burger joints to be found, I would expect that they would cook us some new burgers.  I guess I'm expecting too much.So my friend and I ate our decent, not great, but decent, burgers and moved on out as quickly as possible.  Needless to say, neither of us were thrilled with the food or the experience, and it would pretty much take a free meal to get me back there.  I'm not going to pay close to $20 for a burger and iffy service, when I can go to McDonalds and at least know what I'm going to get.  Bye-bye Burger Bar...
4	Oh my godddddd, the food!I got a buffalo burger with guacamole, mushrooms, carmelized onion, and jalapeno. Came with a side of fries, washed it all down with a Newcastle.Absolutely superb burger! Perfectly cooked, the onions were fantastic, the jalapeno spicy, the mushrooms flavorful, the guacamole creamy and delicious. This will be somewhere I'm stopping every time I'm in Vegas. 4 stars because the service was iffy at times, but the burger was a-m-a-z-i-n-g.
5	Holy $h!t !!!!!!! Sweet mama that's good!! I still can't get over the coma inducing pleasurable aliment!!! Burger Bar sure knows how to win a girl and boys heart!!! Not only can you order your burgers like a drink "just the way you like it" but you can do the same with their sides.  My buffalo burger was just the best chunk of meat hidden between two fluffy bun pillows I've ever eaten!  The sweet potatoe fries were freaking just titillating!!! OMG....YUM!The drinks weren't all that great but who the hell cares! The food is vain and requires all of the attention, ANYWAY!!!
2	It's uhh.. "Verrry Niicce!" LOLWe decided to take my best friend to this place before she headed back to L.A., nothing too fancy.I think its overpriced, overrated. I mean, the service wasn't too bad, but they gave us a table right by the entrance? Overall. 2 stars ;)
4	For an "expensive" burger place, this place is very good.We had three "create your own burgers" and one salad.  All of the burgers were cooked as requested and very good.  The Cobb salad, although a half order, was big enough for at least two people.We had three "big" fries and one order of sweet potato fries - both were cooked perfectly.Service was very prompt and friendly.If you're looking for something a bit fancier than "In-n-Out," this is an excellent choice for a good burger.
3	Good food!  We ordered the Angus beef burger with jalapenos and pepper jack cheese (came out perfectly cooked and juicy) and a cobb salad.  Both were very good.  Also had the sweet potato fries...they were awesome.  A must try.  In my opinion they taste way better than regular fries.  Service was attentive and cheerful.  Would've given this place 4 stars if it wasnt for one of the snooty hostess in the front.  We placed our name on the wait list for a table of 2 and were told it would take about 15 minutes so we walked around and checked out the nearby shops.  Came back in about 10 minutes and checked to see where we were on the list.  The snooty hostess snapped...there's a couple more people in front of you and we told you it would be a 20 minute wait and it's only been 5!  First off, I didnt reserve a table with you.  Second, your more customer-oriented co-worker said it would be 15 minutes.  Third, we waited well over 5 minutes.  I enjoyed the food.  Front of the house needs more training.
5	I am in love with this place and can't stop thinking about their burgers! I came here about five years ago and ever since, I've always kind of had it in the back of my mind every time I'm back in Vegas... but then, I never bring it up in front of my friends because I think they'll think I'm weird since I don't like burgers at all... or I even second guess myself and go "no, it couldn't have been THAT good... I don't even LIKE burgers!" so then I never ended up going back... until now.My boyfriend is the reason I decided to mention Burger Bar this past weekend, because I know HE loves burgers and I told him "babe, since YOU love burgers, let me take you to this cool place I know!" He didn't even really want to try it out at first because who would trust ME as as burger critic?? I got the veggie burger the first visit for Christ sake!But let me just tell you, that just validates my point even more. This place has something for everyone. They have salads, veggie burgers, no-carb burgers, vegan burgers, salmon burgers, chicken burgers, turkey burgers, angus burgers, kobe burgers, anything you can think of, they'll put in between their delicious burger buns (the bread is oh-so-good!) and voila -- the best burger experience in my life, hands down!
3	A total waste of a cab ride. Thankfully we didn't have to wait in the 45 minute+ line that seems to always be here. But it was really pretty average. Better than a Carl's Junior $6 burger but far below a decent back yard BBQ. The boyfriend and I shared a buffalo burger and sweet potato fries. It was ok, nothing special. No special seasonings or expert cooking or fine meat. No one at our table of 6 said "wow that is a tasty burger" well one person did but she eats everything and it was her idea to come here. And even she mentioned a back yard burger would have been better. I generally go to restaurants because they cook better than me. So for the cost of our burger I think I will buy some Worcestershire sauce, a package of ground beef and have a little something left over to make up for the cab fare we wasted coming to this place.
4	So I had kind of a mixed experience here. I had read the reviews and thought it would be a great choice for a casual dinner. My friends all agreed. The wait was about 40 minutes at 9pm on a Friday. (We used the time to grab a martini and buy bath bombs at Lush across the way. OMG heavenly, both of them.)Anyhow. Our waitress was super sweet and very helpful. I ordered the Angus burger on an onion bun, with caramelized onions and blue cheese. She told me that was the best combo EVER and not to add anything, it was perfect. I like positive reinforcement, awesome. My friends all ordered and we spent a few minutes watching the Laker game on the TV in our booth. The good: My food was delicious! The blue cheese was a nice kick complimented by the perfect onions. I had also ordered sweet potato fries, and they were great. Our server had brought out ranch and mayo for dipping without us asking, which we loved.The bad: I ordered my burger medium and it was RARE. Bloody all the way through. Normally I would have sent it back....but I was starving and it tasted good. So maybe that's not so bad then.The ugly: As I was 3/4 done with my burger, my friend who had gotten the sliders noticed a hair wrapped around the toothpick and bun on one of her sliders. This hair was so wrapped around and clearly not hers. Yuck. She pointed it out to the server and in seconds, a manager was at our table, offering to make a new plate or take it off the bill. She opted to just take it off the bill.So theres my dilemma. I loved my food, I wish I could go back today, BUT I won't because hair is not delicious. Bummer! I'm still giving 4 stars though, it could have been a fluke!
5	i go out to vegas twice a year and since i was introduced to this place last year, i've made it a point to go here every time now.  i can't stop thinking about that buffalo burger.  i'm telling you, they are sooo good. they are lower and cholesterol and fat (not that i care THAT much) but i just like that slightly gamey taste and tenderness. and the way that they prepare it there is awesome.  i love their red wine and shallot reduction and caramelized onions. and of course sweet potato fries. their angus burger and kobe beef is good as well. if you like bacon, their jalapeno bacon is very good. my only complaint is the wait and the fact that you can't make reservations.  but i think it's worth the wait! oh! and they have an extensive list of beers from all over the world.
4	The prices are decent for vegas, but its definitely not cheap.  I had the salmon burger which was moist and delicious!!!~  The portabello mushroom add on is pretty good~ good place to go if you want to eat fast at the bar opposed to something else cheaper on the strip.
5	Yes!Ok, so it's a $30 burger (with a beer) but MAN ALIVE! I wasn't even a burger fan, but this place has changed my life as I now desperately seek something like it back home. And I live in Texas, you KNOW we know beef over here. Ok so lets get to the goodness. I didnt really care much to order fries, but my friends loved theirs. I tasted them but cant remember what they were like, so they clearly left no impression. The burgers. OH.MY.GOD. You build your own. Mine had shrimp people, yes shrimp. Peppered bacon, angus beef, mushrooms, provolone cheese. We recommended this place to a client as well, and they RAVED about it! I can guarantee that my Vegas trips from now on will always include a meal at Burger Bar. Please go, even if you are vegetarian - they have options for you :)
5	The food was absolutely delicious. I swear it was almost orgasmic. I didn't want to go to the burger bar at first but I decided to go when I found out about the dessert. Let me tell you, I was NOT disappointed. The black angus burger and fries were so good. I had the chocolate burger for dessert and it was so cute (I didn't eat though because I was full). If you plan to go, wear loose clothing because when you leave, your stomach will be bursting XD.
4	Burger Bar--two magical words; I'm weak just thinking about the concept. The image of this restaurant's name was too powerful to resist, so I walked and walked til' we found this majestic place. The hour wait seemed silly when there was seating at the bar. It is a Burger Bar after all! The sixty dollar burger sounded tempting, but I decided to build my own beast. Cibatta bread, provolone, blue cheese and caramelized onions. It was a hearty dose of yum! Add some buttermilk zucchini fries and a beverage and I almost passed out at the bar counter I was so happy. As Mike G. noted--awesome place to people watch. Watching the hour wait line from the bar is especially amusing!
5	Ohhhhmyyyyygooodddd!!! The rest of the group decided to split their burgers but my dude and I each got our own. I felt bad at first, like a pig...but then once I took one bite THANK GOD, no way would I want to share this amazing burger. I decided to try something different, so i ordered the baffalo burger. It's lower in calories, fat and cholesteral. By the taste you'd never know it. You order everything ala carte so it is sort of pricey for a burger joint but worth the experience. Eh it's Vegas!! So I ordered it with the plain bun, lettuce, tomato, bacon and skinny fries. YUM YUM & YUUUMMM. I swear I scarfed that shit down like someone was going to steal it. The rest of the table also got buffalo burgers and a black angus burger. Everyone was super happy with their meals. OH we also had the sweet potato fries and zuchini fries. Also very very good. Makes me really sad cuz we don't have a Burger Bar. =( If you love burgers...i def recommend this place. They have a zillion toppings to chose from and a variety of buns too. Oh man....I was stuffed but it was well worth it. Now I just read they have a chocolate burger for desert!! DAMN IT! Maybe I should have split my burger so I could have had that too hahaha.
5	This will most likely be the best burger that I will ever eat in my life. For people not familiar with the Burger Bar they let you customize your burger. You can even add lobster into your burger if you want. Basically there is something for everyone here.This was actually my second time back and this time I tried the Kobe Beef Patty. I added cheddar jack cheese, jalapeno bacon, jalapenos, fried egg, onions, ( I forgot to add mushrooms =**( )and got a side of buttermilk fried zucchini fries. They have all kind of fries at the burger bar.I always have a hard time eating slowly and completely enjoying my food but I forced myself to eat slower than usual for this one. All I can say is WOW. My first bite was incredible!! As Homer would say "MMMMMMM MMMMMM BURGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER". The kobe patty was so juicy...truly an explosion of flavor. This is something that I could probably eat everyday during my trips to Vegas.My trips to Vegas will never be complete until I make a stop at the Burger Bar. I also recommend going to Fat Tuesday for a monster drink, which is down a couple stores from Burger Bar, after you finish your burger.5 STARS
3	Spent weekend at Mandalay Bay and tried several of restaurants.  Went here primarily for the famous Kobe beef burger.  Now, for those that are really in the know, Kobe beef is not readily available.  The beef used at Burger Bar is "Kobe-style" beef - Wagyu to be exact.  It's not bad, but a burger is a burger.  After all the toppings and sides,  you end up spending $50 for a basic $15.95 product at many other gourmet steak houses that feature a burger.  Not worth the wait or noise - but then, hubby and are are probably too old and not "hip" enough to appreciate this joint.  We tried a bunch of other places - you can look up our opinions.
3	Sweet potato fries are good, and the burger was ok. tables are very close together.
5	I can definitely go back to Burger Bar right now! I am still thinking and drooling about it as I write this. The last time we were at Vegas, we couldn't find this place for some reason but we were adamant this time and found it.At first, I thought it was just another burger joint as The Counter but Burger Bar is much better in every way. The service was great and the food was sooooo GOOD!I ordered the Atlantic Salmon burger ($8.50) on a wheat bun and added on spinach and avocado. The burger already comes with red onions, lettuce, tomato, and a pickle as basics. The add-ons cost a little more but for all that, it came to be like 10 something. The salmon was cooked to moist, tender and juicy and everything complimented the flavors very well. Since I am not going back to Vegas anytime soon, I am definitely going to make this at home.Of course, I can't have a burger without fries! We ordered a side of sweet potato fries and their buttermilk fried zucchinis. The sweet potato fries has the right crispiness without the grease. It could have used a little more seasoning but I was okay with it. On the other hand, the buttermilk zucchinis was seasoned to perfection with a slight crunch and the perfect crispness. (Oh my..I want more now!)This was a great experience at the Burger bar and it is an A + in my book.
2	Fine Beer, Good Service, Great atmosphere and OK burgers...It's more of a novelty restaurant that you take friends to when they come into town, it's all good and fun but it's not my type of place to have a drink and a beer (Village Pub or The Rum Runner are a good off the strip choice), that being said I would still recommend this place for first timers and people that are looking for a good time.Cheers!
4	I've been here twice and gotten the same thing both times. Before I get into that...they have the cutest logo ever a martini glass with a tiny burger instead of an olive (I uploaded it for your review). For $12.50 I get the mini-burger trio. Buffalo meat mmm so juicy and tender. One burger has cheddar and bacon atop, one caramelized onions + garden greens, and the last one a pickle, tomato, and cheese. The burgers are accompanied by the skinny fries. The meal fills me up and pleases the palate again and again.
5	I LOVE this place.  Every time I go I've had a different burger and they all have been great!  There's usually a short wait to get a table (they always seem to be busy) but it's definitely worth it.  I usually get the American Kobe beef burger but I've also had the veggie and turkey as well.  All were yummy and the selection of burger fixings is fantastic. The waitresses here are awesome too!  They're super nice and are always checking on you for drink refills. I highly recommend this establishment!
3	My boyfriend and I went to this place b/c he is a big vegetarian burger fan, and rumor had it that the Burger Bar has one of the best fresh made veggie burger in vegas.  Well, what a joke.  We went there and got them with sweet potato fries, which were good.  I wasn't terribly impressed with the veggie burger, and neither was my boyfriend.  The more he ate, the more he knew he had already had that burger before.  He turns to me and says: Its a Gardenburger.  I didn't believe him, b/c the burgers were supposed to be made there!  So I asked the waiter, and sure enough...its a Gardenburger.  So, on top of it being just a mediocre veggie burger, we paid more than I would have liked to for it.   If I can go down to the grocery store and buy the Gardenburger myself and make it, don't charge me $9 per burger.   So I wouldn't go back to this place.   The parmesan zucchini sticks were good though.
4	Mmmmm yum. Carmelized onions, blue cheese, peppered bacon, and black angus beef. Ooooooh yeah. With a side of sweet potato fries. Awwwwwesome. I completely recommend this creamy, oniony, salty, and peppery combo.Burger Bar was not exactly what I was expecting in terms of poshness ... but they still delivered a good tasting burger. Lots and lots of toppings, great sides, fast service. I ordered mine medium well and they delivered. And since this is a Hubert Keller restaurant, if they cook it wrong, I don't think they'd mind if you sent it back.The wait is pretty long if you have a big party, even on Tuesday night when we went. Luckily we needed a table for two, so we were seated quickly. Expect to pay around $12-15 just for the burger and a side not including drinks.
4	Love this place!  Same owner as our other fav restaurant in Vegas (Fleur de Lys) and we tried their Kobe burger with blue cheese, bacon, string fries, and the buffalo burger with fried egg and fries  Not cheap and rather long wait but man was it worth it!  Meat were cooked to exactly how we ordered and well, if you don't like the toppings, you have no one to blame but yourself since you pick your own!
4	I had the awesome American Kobe Beef Burger with the fat fries! woooooo that was some crazy moments of awesomeness. Great flavor, well cooked, excellent service, great drinks. yay! i'm a fan.
5	They serve the best burgers in town, topping selections are great, i love how they serve the burger without the lettuce and extras are on top. I would suggest a medium(mostly pink) the juices soaks up everything and makes it all worth it.
3	Having only 1 try at this place, it's hard to make a fair rating.  I would like to give it 4 stars like everyone else but I was not wowed over by super tasty burgers or fries.  I tried the vanilla shake, burger, sweet potato fries and onion rings.  Pretty much the staple of any burger joint.  The portions were NOT vegas sized.  They were in fact about the same as Mel's or any other normal diner.  The shake was big, i had 1 glass plus a container with 2 more servings but it didn't taste awesome or special.  The burger was done alright.  The fries and rings were the same Ah-OK.  Overall, just a OK in my book.  The place is popular tho.  We arrived at 11:45 and still had to wait for a table.  But they hustle so the turnover is pretty quick.
4	We went to Vegas intent on finding the best burger in Nevada. We had stayed at the Mandalay before but never ate at the burger bar. Well this time we made sure to try it out. They have the biggest selection of toppings, and all different types of burgers but we knew from the start KOBE beef was what we desired. It was really good but with all the toppings you don't need to get kobe, the sirlon burger I'm sure would be just as tasty. So next time,actually this April we will devour another burger loaded with toppings. As for the wait time, it was about 30 minutes and the service was good. We'll follow up with another review next month after trying something new.
4	If this were your last meal on earth, where would you go?  ok, ok... french laundry or something filthy expensive.  Well, at the butt end of an extended weekend in vegas, we had one last opportunity to binge.  maybe not our final meal on earth, but pure hedonism of vegas doesn't exist in San Francisco.Perhaps a bit uncouth or maybe simply boring, we decided to go back to the Burger Bar for our final meal.  that's right... same place in 2 days.  But I ordered two different entrees so that means "danger" is my middle name.First night, sliders!  And to make sure you don't fudge a good thing, you're not aloud to make any changes to the order.  And for good reason, the sliders deliver.  Three of them in total, one basic cheeseburger, a grilled onion delicacy, and a more exotic cheeseburger concoction.  Hit me!For the picky (i mean discerning), you can also customized your own burger.  Starting with the patty options... 1) basic 2) niman or 3) the American Kobe beef.  Screw you Carl's Jr and your $6 restaurant burger... this one begins at $16.  Then you can add-in anything ranging from rabbit food (lettuce) to canadian bacon.Of course, you can also get sides of regular fries, steak fries, sweet potato fries (yum), onion rings, or anything else... just tell them to deep fry it.You made it this far... so now a word of advice.  Call ahead to make a reservation otherwise you'll be staring at a 30 minute wait regardless of what time you think most people eat their meals.
4	Great restaurant for burger lovers - but be forewarned, that's about all you'll find on the menu. I love just building my own burger with the array of meats and toppings to choose from. And unlike so many places like this and in Vegas, the portions aren't overwhelming - big, but not huge and gross. It's also worth noting all of the booths have their own TVs - great place to view the game (ie: take a break from the Sports Book when there's only one game being aired during the first round of March Madness).
4	Super yummy burgers, fries, onion rings.  Good beer selection too which seems to be a rarity in Vegas.  We had to wait about 20 minutes at lunch on a Monday, so I would be prepared for a line.Sadly, our waitress was not the sharpest knife in the drawer thus taking away a 5 star rating.  Best burger I've had in a long time though!Oh, and there was someone famous at the bar when we were there.  But we were too lame or hungover to know who she was.  Still, it must be a good place to scope out celebs...if you can figure out who they are.
4	I was walking around with a friend of mine after buying drinks at another place. We weren't really craving anything in particular, but this place was packed and it looked like a good idea to check it out. I like the idea of the place, you can basically customize your burger as you like it all the way down to the type of fries/sides that you want. If you want to avoid the wait, you can opt to sit at the bar (which is what we did). There was a flirtatious bartender serving us. She was totally flirting with two hefty guys in their 40s. They SO wanted her, it was hilarious watching them drool over her. She wore a tight tank top that showed off her tattoo on the small of her back, total bait for the guys. Service for the food is pretty quick as are the drinks. The bartenders are pretty knowledgeable with the drinks too so they can answer your questions if you have any. You can also get a sample if you would like, which is nice. And if you want to flirt, there are plenty of bartenders to flirt with. TVs are also behind the bar, offering various sporting events. So overall, it's a pretty chill place to go to. Fairly cheap food and burgers the way you want it. Worth trying out and fun can be had by all!
5	The best burgers in Las Vegas! I lived in las vegas for three years before coming to burger bar and I wish I would have tried it much earlier. You are able to make your burger any way you want it, there are over 40 different toppings to choose from and you pick the meat, bun, and all the toppings you want. I got the buffalo burger with caramelized onions cheese and bacon. It was amazing and cooked to perfection. A place that will actually cook a burger the way you want! The sweet potato fries are great as well! if you are on the strip or are just in the mood for a gourmet burger this is the place to go!
4	After checking out the Bodies exhibit at the Luxor, my man and I decided to have dinner at this place..It was such a fun experience to pick out and create our own burgers! I had the sweet potato fries with mine, which rocked. The service and burgers were pretty good, and it was a unique experience, but it didn't blow me out of the water quite like I had expected.. 4 out of 5 :)
4	Larry missed out on some good burgers. Larry chose poker over the Mandalay Bay Aquarium with my family. Haha. My brother found Burger Bar on a food channel and really wanted to try this place. Its pricey for a burger but worth it. I really enjoyed the sweet potato fries! YUM! I had the Kobe beef burger and it was delicious. The downside of it is that condiments cost extra. But I was already paying a lot for the Kobe beef...so I might as well splurge right? And to top it all off I had a decent milkshake. Its one of the best burgers I've ever had. Second, is In N Out. - J
5	Don't visit Vegas without eating at Burger Bar.  This place has some of the best burgers you will find.  Burger Bar is located in the shopping mall in between the Mandalay Bay and Luxor hotels.Along with a list of house burgers, Burger Bar has a huge variety of ingredients to build your own burger.  They have several different selections of buns, beef (including Angus and Kobe along with several other choices, different cheeses, bacon's and all sorts off different toppings you can add to it.  The ingredients are all top notch and you can't be disappointed unless you build a weird burger.The burger I built was a-Kobe Beef w/ pepper jack cheese, jalapeno bacon, and sauteed onions on a wheat bun.  The Kobe Beef was extremely flavorful, juicy and tender.  All the ingredients were great quality and everything was perfectly prepared.  This burger was extremely tasty and I was sad to see it go.   I also had sweet potato fries which were fantastic.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Cni2l-VKG_pdospJ6xliXQ?select=-riM6paMoa6XN6jLtD3zBAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Cni2l-VKG_pdospJ6xliXQ?select=q7Qb3i0mT1xWHQ68VAauUwThey also have a cool beer selection, a variety of milkshakes, and a great atmosphere.Burger Bar is popular for a reason.  Its insanely good.
5	My wife and I were going from Mandalay Bay to the Luxor when we saw a long line standing outside a restaurant at about 1:30 in the afternoon.  The curiosity got to us so we went over to take a look and discovered that people were waiting in line for an opportunity to eat, what they say, is the best burger in Las Vegas.  I gave up eating meat 9 years ago, however, my wife, the carnevor, desperately wanted to go back the next day so I tagged along hoping to find something for a non meat eater to munch on.  Well. to my surprise, they served this KILLER Salmon burger with a broiled Maine lobster tail as a topping.  YUMI YUMI.  My wife had her KOBE burger,  medium rare with roasted Foir Gras as a topping on a home mad Ciabatta bun.  It smelled and looked so good I almost converted back to meat, but I didn't..  Anyway, you gotta try this place.  My wife spoke to the owner/chef, Hubert Keller, and he told her that he will be opening a new Burger Bar in San Francisco at Union Square.(We live in San Francisco)  We are looking forward to another great experience at the Burger Bar.  The service was great...
4	A must try - at least once! You can make your own burger at around $10.  It's a good atmosphere with all the flat screens to watch your favorite sport.  The wait is a bit long but you can walk around the mandalay shopping strip for a bit.
5	If you see someone who reviewed Burger Bar and they didn't give it five stars, then their reviews should not carry any weight at all with you ever again.  Period.  For sure.Picture a lonely ciabatta bun (the bottom half).  As if there were indeed a god, this bun gets married to a juicy, savory, delicious, mouthwatering patty of ground beef grilled to absolute divinity.  Who are the bridesmaids, you ask?  Tomato.  Avocado.  Lettuce.  Groomsmen?  Ketchup.  Mayo.  American cheese.  Who is the best man?  a fried egg, just waiting to burst forth with delightfulness that will dribble everywhere.  And the maid of honor?  Who so often is (admit it) the main attraction?  A red wine shallot reduction, poured on top of all of this goodness before the rest of the ciabatta comes to cap off the whole fandango.  Nay, I tell you, if you can eat that burger and not give burger bar five stars then you have a blackened soul.Fine, you need more?  The regular patties are perfect enough to forgo the more expensive fare like buffalo or kobe but I have tried the kobe.  Get a peanut butter shake because daaaaaaaaaaaaamn!  Also they serve sweet potato fries, so who wouldn't like that?But get the burger.  Get it the way I told you.  Throw some salt and pepper on there (ring bearer, flower girl) and you will be in absolute bliss.  Or you're a fool.
5	What hasn't already been said about this place? I can honestly say that their kobe burger(named after the great Kobe Bryant.  lol jp) is the best damn burger I have eaten in my 25 years of existence. Prior to dining at this gem, I'd be damned if I would pay 20 bucks for a slab of beef between a bun. But I've never had hamburger meat literally melt in my mouth. DamN!I'd gladly pay it over and over again if I werent 300 miles away   =(The salmon burger is the bomb too!
4	This place was good.  Yes it's kind of pricey but most everything in Vegas is.  Whatever you get you should ask for portobello mushrooms on your burger.  I swear they put like two or three of them on there and they are grilled to perfection - nice and meaty and juicy.  I ate there twice while I was in Vegas for 5 days for a convention and will go back there again just to eat one of their burgers and have some fat fries.
4	Sometimes I just want to get down and dirty with a burger.  I also want to be a bit of a snob too from time to time.  When those times arise, I come to Burger Bar.  Where I can have a good burger and add a touch of designer flare with higher end fixin's. Cuz sometimes Heinz alone just doesn't cut it.You have the option of what type of ground meat you want to start off with.  Anything from turkey to american kobe beef, which is a scam by-the-way.  Then I throw on some Jacob the Jeweler bling bling type sh!t on it that you won't find at  Islands.  So I sparkle my burger up with some asparagus, prosciutto, and pepperjack dairy.   Once your done with the jewelry, you can choose what kinda suit you want your burger to wear. I usually go with the Ciabatta bun (rounding up the mobster look nicely).  Honestly, you could probably combo up any of their choices and not have a bad one. They also have an adequate selection of brews. The sweet potatoe fries are a good accesory to the crime. Trill.
5	I love this place. Everytime we are in Vegas, this is a must stop dining location for us.The food is of the highest quality. I love the Kobe beef and the Buffalo. You can build your own burger with a list of AWESOME ingredients, or you can order off the menu of preset burgers. The place is expensive, but worth every penny. Oh, and be sure to order the sweet potato fries; they are to die for! Yummy!The atmosphere is great, like an upscale, classy bar. Sort of reminds me of the bar area at a Del Frisco's. And there is ALWAYS a wait, if that tells you anything. Especially because the Italian restaurant next door is never busy. We usually grab a cocktail in the Italian place while we wait for our table at the Burger Bar.
5	Calling all VEGAN and VEGETARIAN diners visiting Sin City; you gotta check out the Burger Bar! You wouldn't think, you know because of the name and all, but totally awesome vegan gluten-free burger and my favorite, the veggie burger with mushrooms and swiss. Great drinks too, open late, LCDs in the booths. Fun times!
4	Hubert Keller does it right with his unique burger bar. I always enjoyed watching Hubert's cooking show where he would introduce an eclectic mix of ingredients to spice up the good old America stable of hamburgers. You can definitely taste the quality of the meat that is used to prepare the burgers. I had asked for a medium rare burger and it came out perfectly with warm pink center just enough to keep the meat flavorful and juicy. The Ciabatta bread certainly gives the burger a more elegant look from the old sesame buns and offers a much more full-bodied texture to the burger. My girlfriend had the Kobe beef burger and didn't enjoy it as much as she wanted to. I think it had to do with the fact that she asked for a medium well burger. The sweet potato fries were also a nice addition to our meal and added a hint of sweetness to every bite of my burger. Conclusion - Although the prices are a bit steep for a burger, I applaud Hubert for his colorful rendition of the classic American burger and will definitely visit again on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Not much that I can add that hasn't already been said.  I visit LV 5 or 6 times per year (business) and I always make sure to come here.  Because I dine by myself a lot, this is the perfect place to come and sit at the bar, have a burger and a beer.  Their beer on tap selection is great as well!
5	This place is the best!  Call ahead and put ur name down.  Then scan the bar for seats when you get there.Ask for Brian behind the bar he is amazing and quite a good chef (of drinks that is)
2	Horrible.I waited 45 minutes in line with no place to sit. Finally seated and not very well greeted by the waitress. I ordered the sliders...worst mistake. This things are literally the size of a quarter. The menu says that they are cooked to medium and no substitutions. Mine were medium-well, closer to well. I love buffalo, but could barely distinguish it from the other two.A friend of mine had the portobello burger eggplant burger. The buns are substituted for the portobellos and he said they were very bland with little seasoning. I could tell they were drenched in oil from where I was sitting.An all around depressing meal for the $17 walk out per person (I drank water).Go to the Triple 7 brewpub downtown, you can get a huge 22oz brew and great 1/2lb burger for the same price.
5	One of my favorite burgers is Burger Bar's American Kobe Beef burger.  It has great flavor but does come at a price $16.00.  When you visit try to call ahead to reserve a table as they often have long waits.  They also feature a great selection of beers so if you get there early find a spot at the bar.
3	3.5 starsthe whole big your own burger theme reminded me of "the counter" in LA except less choices. if i had won big the night before i would have tried the $60 kobe beef, foie gras, truffles, truffle sauce burger. i don't know if that would have been worth it though because the regular kobe beef burger was only $16. i added grilled onions, chipotle aioli, and pepper jack cheese on a onion bun. the burger was good and juicy... it also helped that i was starving. i had fried jalepeno pickles on the side. for some reason... i was thinking jalepeno poppers when i ordered them. since that's what i wanted i was disappointed when i took the first bite. but after i got over it and took them for what they were... i enjoyed them a bit more. they definitely had a little kick since the pickles were marinated in jalepeno juice. by the end of the meal i was all pickled out since i had 2 pickles and all the fried pickles. i felt bad for my friend who got the sliders. i mean seriously... the smallest sliders i've ever seen. first chicken wings! (see my review for "hot wings cafe")... now sliders!! i hate this recession!!!! i could have eaten them in one bite.
3	I was excited to go to Burger Bar after reading some of these reviews.  I'm a vegetarian and the fact that they have a veggie burger was very appealing. The food was just ok. I guess I was expecting more due to the many favorable reviews. Really nothing special. My husband had the basic burger and he agreed it was "ok". The service was not great either.  We had to track down our waitress to get our bill. Overall the experience was average.
4	This is the first time I'll review the burger bar but this has been my fourth time there.  This is my go to place prior to heading to the airport and for some reason I have luck afterwards to gain some money gambling at Mandalay Bay. But enough about my lucky streak; you're here to read my review.  The chefs who cook the burgers always get it the way I wanted whether medium or medium-rare.  Choice of bread or condiments is top notch and the fries ( the skinny ones) is great.  Service is very attentive and friendly.  Reason I gave them four stars is it is still very noisy even on a quiet friday  afternoon.  P.s., splurge a little and order an american kobe beef  burger(rare) with skinny fries and Primo beer.  Condiments are up to you(my was with guacamole).
4	I am not a burger girl by nature, but I love this place. Somehow the over-the-top fine dining joints in Vegas always seem as faux as the facades of the grand, theme hotels. But the Burger Bar somehow manages to fold the essence of excess into a place that is casual and cool, comfortable with what it is without the need for dancing waters or gold leaf bathroom fixtures. The concept of the burgers are somewhat build your own, so you can get virtuous with your order if you want. Or you can go all-in with the Kobe, double orders of shoestrings and hell, they'll probably top the whole thing with gold leaf if you ask nicely. It is Vegas, after all. What I like most about the Burger Bar is that, although it is a casual, relatively quick eatery, it is owned by one of America's best chefs and one who cares about ingredients. The same attention goes into food quality here as it does in a Michelin starred place. So, if you want to eat the same quality of food as the upper crust, just get it served on a bun, I think you'll enjoy this place.
4	An all American classic with a twist. Well I guess if you read through their menu there are quite a few twists. This place gives you an option to build your own burger or choose from 5 or 6 of their own creations. You start with the meat. You have options of buffalo, turkey, American kobe, or regular grass fed ground beef. This is where the fun starts...... After you choose your meat you then choose how you would like to top it. You can go as plain as American cheese and bacon, or you can fancy it up with foie gra, a lobster tail, and slices of truffles. Anyway you mix and match it, they know how to cook your meat to perfection.  Be careful of not "over-topping" your burger as you'll find it difficult to wrap your mouth around it.
4	Burger Bar is also a good place to watch sports.  Each booth has it's own 13" TV or you can sit at the bar and root for your favorite team while enjoying a succulent burger.The concept is simple: build your own burger experience.  You select the protein, buns, toppings and sides.  Proteins include beef, lamb, turkey, chicken, salmon and veggie.  Picking your toppings can be a challenge if you're fickle (by default, you get tomatoes, onions, lettuce and dill pickle).  Some popular toppings are mushrooms, bacon and cheese.  I thought lobster, shrimp and salsa were a bit odd but hey...to each his/her own!I went with American Kobe Beef ($16) sandwiched between sesame buns.  The only topping I added was cheddar cheese (+ $0.50).  Because I'm a Burger Bar virgin, I decided to keep it simple.  For my sides, I went with sweet potato fries ($2.50) and onion rings ($3.25).  I'm a pig I know!  The Kobe was cooked to perfection (medium).   It was very juicy and tender.  The beef flavor was intense BUT I can't say the Kobe tasted differently than the Angus ($9) or Ridgefield ($8).  Also, the burger was so juicy it turned the bottom bun into a wet sponge.  Burger Bar...please stand the burger up so this doesn't happen.The sweet potato fries and onion rings were excellent.  If you like soggy fries, this is it for you!  The onion rings were crispy and it was easy to make a clean bite.  I hate it when you bite into an onion ring and end up pulling out the entire onion.  That wasn't the case.  Order a side of ranch and you're good to go!Overall, I enjoyed my burger bar experience.  I'll likely order the Angus or Ridgefield next time to save money for the black jack table.
5	This place is amazing!  Being an avid burger and beer enthusiast I only expected perfection and Burger Bar didn't let me down.  Room was packed and I opted to sit at the bar.  Great decision!  They have a huge selection of beers from around the globe, especially Belgium.  Now, I thought my knowledge of savory ales was above average til meeting there veteran bartender Dino.  A good looking, knowledgeable mixoligist with a charming whit and a skill to play off the energy of everyone at the bar.  Dino took me on a tour of beers explaining what I was experiencing and what characteristics i was enjoyed, even helped me pair the perfect beer to accompany the perfect burger.  I was guided towards there buffalo burger cooked a true med-rare with blue cheese, caramelized onions on an onion roll.  My mouth waters upon thinking of this experience.  Here it is, if you like to have fun, enjoy great cuisine, and drink some amazing beers, then don't leave Vegas without visiting Burger Bar.  Tell Dino I said hello!
5	Crazy delicious hamburgin' to be had at this restaurant.Hmm, what can I tell you that the twenty jillion previous dudes haven't? I'll make an attempt at some useful insight.I order the angus burger medium and it's cooked melt in your mouth perfectly, with the proper thickness and pink throughout. You can get it with other crazy meats, but honestly it's not as good as the regular style with the angus beef. I just prefer to let the hamburger do what it do. The Kobe and costlier alternatives are nice if you want something different, but I highly recommend the OG variant.The sweet potato and regular fries are simply real good, and not unnecessarily fancified. It's also an excellent place to drink delicious beer, as they have many micros like Dogfish Head 60 minute and 90 minute at a decent price. I believe the cost is every bit worth it for what you get here, at the Mandalay Bay no less. There are a lot worse things you can spend your money on in Vegas, trust me.
4	I had a Kobe beef burger...had to have it well done since I was pregnant. So that also meant that I had no alcohol. It was good considering the fact that I've never ordered one fully cooked. Our waitress was really sweet and VERY attentive! She made sure that our drinks were always filled and we are diggin on the fact that we could watch sports in our own little booth. The only downside was the LONG wait. But any good place has a long wait. When we go back next month (and I WON'T be pregnant or with a kid around me) I'll be drinking and ordering my Kobe burger the right way!
4	Burger Bar is definitely a Vegas must....it was a bit difficult to find but that may be due to my gender and our proclivity of not wanting to ask for directions. I have been here twice, the first time was quite a good experience, wait staff was on their game and very attentive. I had the Angus on wheat with swiss, jalapeno bacon and a fried egg. Very good burger, although the patty did lack some seasoning but that may just be a personal gripe as I opt for seasoned meat over a plethora of toppings. Do watch out for the first bite when getting the fried egg, lets just say it was closer to sunny side up than over medium. My second time at the BB I was a bit displeased with the overall experience. The hostesses were rude and there were 3 of them standing doing nothing at a podium made for one person. The only thing worse than the attitude was the fact that the wait was about an hour but I can deal with the wait, its Vegas and there is always something to do while you are waiting. On to the food, I mistakenly ordered the slider sampler thinking that I could get a taste of the buffalo and kobe burgers without having to order the entire burger. What I got was 3 small tasteless burgers that were on the slightly overcooked side. Least I had some sweet potato fries to help calm the hunger pangs. All in all if you like options and you like creativity you need to check this place out but be prepared to shell out an extra few bucks if you want to go all out. I have yet to try to the surf and turf burger...waiting to hit the progressive jackpot before shelling out the 30 bucks or so it is for that one.
4	It was the best damned burger i've had in my whole entire life thus far!Sorry Chez Maman, you'll be the best for me locally.Anywho, I ordered mine with:kobe beef medium rare (having it cooked any other way is blasphemy)foie graspepperjack cheeseportabello mushroomsonion bunw/ truffle sauceSOOOO JUICY. SOOOO TENDER. With each bite, succulent kobe beef juice would just drip from the end of my burger. Before each bite, i'd pour a bit of truffle sauce into the anticipated bite. Each mouthful was pure bliss. I just didn't care for the sweet potato fries too much, and although my boyfriend got the kobe beef burger with 1/2 a lobster, he said he wouldn't order it again. I, on the other hand, would DEFINITELY order the burger I made.Too bad there's a long wait and there isn't one of these in San Francisco!!! Oh, and don't worry about missing any games. There are plenty of flat screen tvs above the bar but each booth has its own individual flat screen as well! :DBe ready to drop some dollar dollar bills y'all because it can get pricey if you eat like I do. Then again, it IS Vegas...
1	Three of my friends got food poisoning from eating here.  Buyer beware!
5	Service, fantastic.  WE LOVE JULIA!burgers - great.  i had a classic american, not dry, not greasy, a good mixbar - by far the winning move here is the beer selection.  they have everything.  high end, low end, european, local, etc.  I had boddingtons on tap 1 visit.  the other visits were chimay.
4	Unfortunately my friends didn't like this restaurant that much the last time I went to Las Vegas, but I thought it was great. You can "build" your own burger depending on the ingredients you want. I'm gonna have to dock a star because the one time I went there, our waitress was SO slow when it came time to place orders. Once the actual food came out though, it was worth it.
4	I enjoy this place very much! The selection here is amazing! This last time, I got a Kobe Beef Burger (oooooh tender) with, Blue Cheese, Jalapeno Bacon, caramelized onions, button mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, all on a onion bun! MMmmmmmm!!!! So, the way this place works is you pick your bun (Onion, Wheat, White, Sesame), your meat (Turkey, Buffalo, Beef, Kobe Beef, and Veggie, your cheese (swiss, provolone, blue cheese, cheddar, american, etc.), bacon (peppered, jalapeno, regular, smoked), your onions (raw, caramelized sauteed, grilled), mushrooms (portabella, button, etc), you can even add black truffle oil or a fried egg! The selection here in regards to toppings is amazing, you can build your own amazing burger to your own taste. This place is always packed and seems as though they don't have enough payroll to sustain the amount of people. Our waiter was all over the place, and was having a hard time keeping up with all of the tables. Burger Bar is located in between Mandalay Bay and The Luxor. This is somewhere I would return again!
5	Walking through the Mandalay Bay's shopping center, it seems as if not many people go to the shops, but once you walk by Burger Bar, you find out where everyone is at.  I called to make a reservation, but we still had to wait 2 hours for a table.  It was worth every minute.  I wish they would make it larger because there are restaurants on each side of it that are dead.  I had the Kobe Burger with Peppered Bacon and cheddar cheese.  They have a great beer selection where you can get samplers as well.  They had buffalo flavored fries, but the second time I went, I was sadly informed that they no longer serve them.  Everyone I went with loved the sweet potato fries.  The chipotle aioli I strongly recommend as it complents the burger just as much as the fries.
5	My brother and I can here to eat a Kobe Burger and it was pretty good for the price which was $16.  It was nice and juicy and yum yum yum it was so good I can still have that tastes. It came with fries as well. =)  Anyways it is a small place and we found this place out from Rachael Ray back when she was on the food network =)
4	I agree with the other rave reviews...the burgers are delicious and rank among the best I've ever had.  The ability to customize with (a la carte) fresh, high quality toppings is a plus.  This place does one thing extremely well and did not disappoint. The environment is raucous and noisy so don't go here for a quiet, romantic dinner but a tasty lively dining experience.
3	Very average. My self-made Kobe beef burger (that is, American Kobe beef, not real Kobe) was AIIGHT.  The pre-made Angus burger was worse.  And my sweet potato fries were burnt!
4	Of course I had the Kobe, how can you not? I had it with Blue Cheese on wheat. I also split a side of sweat potato fries and onion rings and washed it all down with a pint of Dogfish Head IPA. Was this a darn good burger? Yes. Was it one of the best burgers I've ever had? Yes. Was it the best burger I've ever had? No. If you're a true connoisseur of the hamburger, then my friends look no further than Seattle's own Lunchbox Laboratory for the best burger you'll ever consume. http://www.yelp.com/biz/lunchbox-laboratory-seattle
4	I was in Vegas last weekend and ended up at Burger Bar twice.. I didn't plan on going here so much, it just happened. I went my first night, got a burger and threw an egg on it - it was delicious. Went back the next night, did the same thing. They cook em to order, the fries are good and it's about what you'll spend at any other place in Vegas. If you're in Vegas, you should probably roll on over here and make it your 2nd burger of the weekend (after an in n out, of course).
4	I've been trying to try this place out for so long! Something always came up and I wasn't able to go!I ordered the American Kobe with pepper jack cheese, spinach, jalapeno and aioli!  It was sooo good!!  The meat was tender and juicy! mmmm yummmy! My boyfriend got the buffalo burger and I think I like it more than the american kobe!  It was more tasty.  For sides we got the jalapeno friend pickles - yummmmyThe sweet potato fries - a must get!The fried zucchini - for some reason, theirs were so good!And some onion rings - I can skip these next timeI love how they have burgers for the people who don't like to build their burgers and of course having the option of building your own burgers.What else is cool is that you can even build your own milkshakes!! =)I think this place is pretty awesome!  Both in the menu and the food!
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had.
5	burgers are great.bars are pretty great too.so their love child-- the burger bar, is nothing but greatness.:] kobe sliders. grilled chicken sandwiches on wheat with all the fixings. sweet potato fries. regular fries. onion rings. fried zucchini-- god, this place has it all. &they even have televisions at all the booths to catch the game. its always good to put down that margarita for a little while and have some real food:] just make sure its this place!
3	My Low-Carb burger was served with a wedge of pickle, slices of onion and tomato, small side of coleslaw, and pesto dipping sauce.  The beef patty was standard round about a good inch thick, moist and tender, and was loaded with grilled peppers and mushrooms (which was a total bonus for a veggie freak like me)  The pesto sauce complimented the meat quite well.The sweet potato fries were cut thin and long, but its got a good balance between the crunch on the outside, and softness on the inside.The coleslaw was thinly shredded, standard stuff.I'm big on trying new things, so I recommand it to people who haven't been.   But I would only go again when I'm ready to try the $60 Rossini Burger!
5	The veggie burger here is one of the best i've had at any restaurant.  I love that it had pumpkin in it.  And the whole wheat bun was the best I've had ever.  The sweet potato fries were also great.  It was cool that they had a "vegas vegan" portobello/vegetable option too and a vegan shake with soy whip.
2	I might have come here with expectations that were too high or perhaps I just ordered the wrong burger, but I was a bit disappointed by this place.  I also wasn't able to get a table so ate at the bar, which was surprising given the time that we came and the fact that parts of the restaurant were empty.  I think next time I am back, I will try one of the other burger places in Vegas than come back here.
4	This is a great place to grab a relaxing "Vegas Style" lunch (this means having a few beers at 11AM).  Food quality is high, service is excellent, beer selection is off the hook incredible, prices are reasonable.I have eaten here over 20 times in the past six months.  It has always been consistently good.The concept (build your own burger) is a good one.  If it's your first time here, do ask the server for help otherwise, you may create a very strange flavor combination.I have had all the burgers except the veggie.  I would have to recommend the buffalo or turkey.   The Angus and Kobe burgers are excellent but the fat content is a bit too high especially if you are having fries.  The buffalo has a denser, meatier flavor if cooked medium rare.  The turkey really does taste like turkey (have this one on an onion bun with grilled pineapple, caramelized onions, blue cheese, and cranberry sauce).Consider the onion rings or zucchini fries.  Both great.They have great beers on tap.  Their beverage manager should be complemented as they rotate beers seasonally and constantly bring in new microbreweries.  Ask your server for recommendations as different beers can greatly change the flavor of your burger.The price is very fair for a gourmet burger restaurant in Vegas.  Expect to pay $30 for a burger, sides and a couple of beers.
1	The concept appeared new and the food looked good, but I dont know we never got to try it. I already had this place scoped out before our vacation to Vegas... I had actually thought it was inside Mandalay Bay... I didnt know 'Mandalay Place' existed (Its a interior corridor between Luxor, where we stayed, and Mandalay Bay with restaurants and shops). I was looking forward to building a juicy burger and adding some toppings with a little extra heat and flavor in them and devouring it with some sweet potato fries.We were seated... hostess was nice... I guess. The crowd was a little obnoxious and the waitresses seemed a little prude (in their short shorts, small tops, and platform boots).. and this was lunch time. We had about 4-5 minutes of looking over the menu when a gentl... guy came over (not sure if he was our waiter or busser.. he had a full lenth apron on). He didnt introduce himself as our waiter, didnt ask if we had been there before, didnt go over anything on the menu... just took our drink orders... Well, he did bring those back... and left again! This had been at least 10 minutes since we plopped our buns in the booth ( with a tv showing sports... news)The dude made no mention still if he was our waiter or not, just dropped off the drinks and left. Still didnt ask us if we've had time to go over the menu, or if we had any questions. Meh, it was already past the point of no return... I could tell already what the service was going to be like. We had seen other tables being serviced, and plenty of other employees walking past us... we were close to the rear/kitchen, probably noticing we hadnt really been helped, but kept on moving (like I said, I thought this place was a little.... ya know).So 15 minutes, Im sure had past. My fiancee and I looked at each other, knew what one was thinking, got up, and left.I swear I heard our dude holler across the restaurant, "Hey guys come back". Maybe that's what I wanted to hear so I could turn his way and....Oh how I wanted a burger from here... Maybe next time. For now, One Star
5	My husband and I ate here the day after we got married. It was great, just us! We stopped in with our large whale bone from Fat Tuesday and they let us in with no problem. I ordered the Ridgefield Farm burger...I think thats what it was called....anyways it was the cheapest one at $8.95 and it was awesome! My husband ordered their Angus burger and he really liked his too! I added on american cheese, and their grilled onions, I put on some lettuce tomatoe and just used A1....it was seriously the best!! My husband added bleu cheese and pepper crusted bacon, he put on some lettuce and tomatoe too. His condiment choice was a little bit of A1, mustard and ketchup. He loved his from the first bite! Looking back at it I would have liked to order the American Kobe, but I guess I'll have to do that next time! We are definitely coming back! lolWe live near The Counter and was told "its the best..." so we ate there a month or so before our trip to Vegas. It totally sucked! This place is waaaay better! Its all about the burger here not about it's trendy location or who's seen eating there like our local Counter restaurant.
5	One of the best burgers I've had so far... place was chill with some good quality beers.  I had the buffalo burger which was EXCELLENT.  I recommend saving your money, ditch the fast food and grab a decently priced burger at this joint.
4	Incredible Burgers!!  I'm not a big burger fan but the burgers here give me major cravings.  During my first visit, I had the turkey burger and it was juicy and super flavorful.  The next visit I tried the angus burger and there is no turning back.  The burger is full of flavor and is very "tender" (if that makes sense)...it almost falls apart in my mouth.  The fries and shakes are really good as well.One note: in cooking their burgers, the chefs err on the side of caution and make them a little better done then at other places.  I always get medium burgers at other restaurants, but here I go with medium rare and it's perfect and pink every time.
4	This was on my Las Vegas "to eat" list since Giada had it on her weekend getaway show. Giada has never steered me wrong before so off to the Burger Bar we went.We started the meal off with a nutella chocolate milkshake. I'm not a big fan of shakes, but the nutella whipped cream was delicious. They give you the option of selecting your patty (ground chuck, angus, kobe, turkey or veggie) and then a huge array of toppings to select from.  Each topping comes with a price tag, so the crazier you get the more your burger will cost you.  They had a $60 burger on the menu that was a kobe beef burger with black truffles and truffle oil and 4 or 5 cheeses...insane!Jeff and I both went with the Angus beef burger. I kept my burger simple with pepper jack cheese, guacomole, and jalapeno bacon. yes, jalepeno bacon. It was so spicey and so good! Definitely a great concept. Jeff got Monterey Jack cheese, peppered bacon and Avacado that was simple but delicious.They had a ton of fry options but we decided on "fat fries" which were a thicker cut. fry  Everything was very tasty. It was also priced just right. Both good things in my mind :)
4	we went on a saturday afternoon. the place was pretty crowded but we really didnt have to wait more than a minute or two. the food was excellent, the angus burgers were excellent, all the toppings were really  good, no complaints except that the service was pretty bad. we only ordered water and she never even asked us if we needed refills. she actually only came back to us once after she  brought us our food so we tipped accordingly. but we would definitely go back, the food was awesome, a definite thumbs up.
4	YUM YUM YUM!!!I am only reserving a star for the extremely sub-par service that we received. The food here is incredible, seriously.I opted for the mildly less decadent Angus burger with Swiss cheese and the regular fixings and a side of sweet potato fries. The burger was cooked perfectly medium and it was moist and tender like nothing I have ever tasted. Now I wish I would have gotten the Kobe beef, I know it would have been incredible.The restaurant has sports playing, in the booths you have a personal TV which is pretty cool.One thing to definitely try next time is their flight of beer floats-that is right, BEER floats!! They do a float with Guinness and coffee ice cream. I can only imagine how tasty that is.
4	We really enjoyed the custom burgers. It was a nice meal. Music and service was good. The beer was a bit over priced though.
5	Best shake I have ever had...the French Kiss shake with Bailey's and Kahlua...and this is coming from someone who worked at Baskin Robbins through high school. Burgers were awesome. My boyfriend and I chose the angus build-a-burger. Burgers were cooked perfectly and we really liked the ciabatta roll. The jalapeno bacon was awesome. The chipotle aioli was really mild and good for dipping the sweet potato fries.  We will definitely return!
4	After watching Huber Keller kill it on Top Chef Masters, I knew I had to try his Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay. My bf and I ordered an angus burger (medium rare and medium) with tons of toppings: pickled green tomatoes with a hint of jalapeno minus the spice, spinach, bacon, cheese, chipotle sauce, avocado, etc. (for two burgers). He ordered fried zucchini while I ordered sweet potato fries. He ordered a root beer while I ordered a root beer float. Each burger comes with the standard lettuce, tomatoes and onions on the side. We would've ordered kobe beef if it was from Japan. All the meats are farm grown though so it just tastes THAT much better. Highly recommended before you go on a diet. Meal was about 25 per person. Can't believe I inhaled my burger. My bf had to eat faster just to keep up. That's a first!
3	I expected more from Chef Keller. This man made salmon, carrot and pea soup and mac and cheese with a toaster oven, microwave and hot plate in a dorm room on Top Chef Masters and won!! Come on! Tell me that you're not impressed!  A toaster, microwave and hotplate!? I was proud of myself for just mastering the microwaving of the cup of noodle.  Yet, Chef Keller made an amazing meal that looked good enough for me to fork out urber $$$$! This man's food looked amazing,  sOOOo AMAZING that I wanted to experience his flavor profile first hand @ Burger Bar. The menu at Burger Bar consisted of built your own burger, a few chef's burgers, sandwiches and salads and desserts.  After the constant pestering from the waitress, I finally decided to make my own burger.  There are no directions/recommendations for the ingredients on the menu.  For example, it should say: "pick your cheese, pick your sauce, pick your veggies, pick your toppings." I was overwhelmed with the list of ingredients, but chose: Black Angus BeefBaby SpinachCaramelized OnionPeppered JackPortobello Mushrooms.Ciabatta Bun My burger was aiight. The caramelized onion and Portobello mushrooms tasted yummy. The Angus beef was dry and needed more seasoning. I had to pour ketchup on the beef to add more flavor. The bun was whatever. Overall, I was just not impressed!Chef Keller, I want to experience your flavor profile, not mine! Your awarding dishes look and sound amazing! I don't want to build my own burger! If I wanted to build my own burger, I could make it at home. I understand that you had Chef's Burgers like the American Classic, but, Ridgefield farm beef, American Cheese, Crisp bacon tomato did not excite me!  The Rossini did sound amazing, but @ $60 a pop, I rather save my $$ for Fleur De Lys. You are an amazing chef. Just because Burger Bar is a lower end restaurant does not mean it should have lower quality!   Burger Bar needs to live up to the Hubert Keller name and it doesn't.
3	Haven't had beef let alone a burger in YEARS and for my best friend's welcome wedding dinner was hosted here at Burger Bar, I ordered the Kobe burger,(just for her, cause I love her) which was decent. I don't see what the hype is all about. I did forget to put condiments and my lettuce and tomatoes on my burger, LOL. (I'm such a burger retard!) I did like my fried garlic zucchini. I also ordered the salmon salad which was DELISH! I really like the restaurant, good vibe, busy, and great service. Next time, I'd probably stick to my vegetarian, bean patty burger, or maybe try the turkey burger...Not really a red meat kind of girl =P
2	Came here looking forward to having the kobe beef burger after reading the reviews on yelp...Soooo very disappointed...My burger was way to chewy even though I got it medium.  This was probably the worst kobe burger I've ever had.  But the ironic thing is that my friends regular angus burger tasted much better than mine...
4	Excellent burgers & largest selection of beers out of any eatery on the strip..Waitress here was a hot asian with a great rump, the two hostesses weren't as friendly, they seemed to better suited to be working the register at Hot Topic. Avoid Drinking anything but beer here, pitcher runs about 22 bucks and will definitely help get you wacked. Stick to the Kobe or Bison Burger, both take a little longer to make but are well worth the wait.. If on the go this place will quickly rush your order and leave you satisfied. Definitely worth eating here daily if your staying in Mandalay Bay or the Luxor.After dinner check out the scene at Fat Tuesday's further down the atrium.. Usually there will be two giant Aunt Jemima's camped out at the bar and the usual collection of  Red Lobster customers one would find, similiar to that of wet Willys in Miami, however there are always groups of 5+ hot and willing half drunk girls stopping by here to do some jello shots. Grab a diabetes inducing drink here and continue on your way.
4	One of the best burgers I have had, although since I was in Vegas on a bachelor party, my judgment may have been somewhat impaired.  Nevertheless, I went with the Angus topped with 'shrooms, cheddar, and peppered bacon, cooked medium.  I was surprised that the burger was actually cooked correctly given how busy the place was - it was juicy, flavorful and truly a great burger.  The sweet potato fries weren't all that special, but good enough.  Oh, and the beer selection here is excellent, as if I needed more reason to drink in Vegas.
4	The bugers here are excellent and the prices are great too. The only reason this place is not getting 5 stars from me is that the front reception people are very unfriendly and seem stressed out. I've eaten here twice and thought the same thing both times. Thankfully the wait staff inside are better.I've tried the Guiness float, The Buffalo Burger with Mozerella, the Turkey Burger, skinny fries, fat fries, sweet potato fries. All yummy. I will definitely go back during a future visit to Vegas. Their burgers are moist and tasty.. and the buns are perfectly toasted.
5	Skipped breakfast and went here for lunch very hungry.  We had a short wait but it was worth it.  One of the best burgers that I have ever had.  It was cooked perfectly and all of the toppings were on the side, so I could add as much or as little as I wanted.  I choose the Ridgefield beef cooked medium topped with pepperjack chese, caramelized onions, guacamole, and jalapeno bacon.  Everything was so tasty and the bacon was perfectly crispy.  My husband and I split sweet potato fries and the fried pickles.  Next time I would skip the fried pickles just because they were so big and there were so many of them.  My husband also ordered the Twinkie Milkshake.  It was huge and tasty.  Service was fast and efficient during lunchtime.  While we were there we saw a bunch of UFC fighters eating burgers.  Pretty cool!
4	I like BLT burger better, but this is very good. Really good burgers made with what you want how you want, all served up fresh and yummy.
4	After spending a good 25 minutes across the way at Lush, I felt like my masculinity was challenged by all the essential oils and body scrubs, so what do I decide to do?  Burger Bar!  This place is for the guy's guy.  Cute female wait staff and hostesses wearing as little as possible, little TVs at every booth with big ones along the wall showing manly shows like ESPN and Poker tournaments, two full pages of exotic beers and other booze, huge burgers with any kind of topping you could dream of, and five kinds of fries.  I simply sat in and soaked up the testosterone, and all those girly exfoliant soaps were washed right out of my mind.The main focus of Burger Bar is the burgers.  This place has burgers with many options for a total customizable meal.  First, you choose your burger meat, with the basic being their Ridgefield beef for around $8.95, Angus beef for $10, Kobe Beef for $13+, and even a veggie burger for the Vegs out there.  You can choose from among 5 different buns, and the whole thing comes with lettuce, tomato, and onions on the side, for you to put on at your leisure.  On the right side is a long list of toppings for your burger, ranging from the mundane to the extravagant.  For example, you could have grilled onions on your burger, or cheese, or bacon; you could also have a half a lobster tail, shrimp, foie gras, or black truffles.  Each topping comes with its own price to add to the burger, which makes it easy to overspend.  With sauces as well, you could be paralyzed by the sheer number of choices.  Not to worry!  Burger Bar has selected a few choice "Chef Burgers" for you, with toppings pre-chosen and an accompanying price.  One is a simple burger with just the meat, the bun, cheese, and some bacon on it, for about $12, I believe.  The top of the line is a monster called the "Rossini", which sounded like they just wanted to take the most expensive and rare items and put them all in one burger.  This burger contains the Kobe beef, along with grilled foie gras, the black truffles, and a few other delectables, for a whopping $60.  Overall, I liked it.  The service was prompt, but tended to leave you alone most of the time, the food was really good and very filling (I made my own choices, it was good).  The coffee here sucks, though; don't even bother with it.  All-in-all, walked out paying $35 even with tax and tip for two people.  Not bad at all.  I might have to come back when I'm rich to try that Rossini...
5	I ate one hell of a burger at this establishment.  It was a black angus burger cooked medium rare with a fried egg, caramelized onions, and aoli.  It was perfect.Their nutella shake was excellent and their onion rings were a perfect blend of onion and fried(it wasn't one of those terrible onion rings where the onion comes free from the rest of the package on bite one leaving you with a hollow, depressing shell of a side item.)
4	Killer Burger!!  What can you say about Keller? He really knows how to create a burger! I ate the Surf & Turf Burger. Its Black Angus, grilled half lobster, grilled green asparagus on plain bun. I paired my meal with Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat beer.  Good times!
4	ok, just love the burger bar.  its a fancy/expensive burger joint, but the food and atmosphere are awesome.  see you start with the standard burger and then can add any type of topping you can think of.  fried eggs, avocado, lobster.  anything goes.  they also have preset exotic burgers done.  i had the surf & turf burger, nothing like a huge meat patty topped with lobster tails.   just fantastic.  even their standard burger is good.  they also have a huge selection of draft beers here.  and the best part is the little lcd tv's that are in each both.  gotta love that extra special touch.
5	This was a positively sublime burger-eating experience.  When in town for a weekend, this was the one place I wanted to make sure I stopped by, and I wasn't disappointed.  Buddy and I each ordered the kobe beef burger and couldn't have been happier.  The meat was prepared perfectly, and the list of available toppings was extensive.I love that the toppings went from mild to wild and cheap to expensive.  This is probably the only place where one could get a burger with both shaved truffle slices and velveeta.  I went with carmelized onions and gorgonzola - delicious!As others have said, you must try the sweet potato fries.  They are well worth the extra expense and are scrumptious.One last piece of advice - do the call-ahead seating.  The restaurant doesn't do reservations, but you can call ahead up to a half hour.  My buddy and I did this and were able to walk right in upon arrival.  The place was packed, and the relatively huge line that formed behind us didn't care for us all that much.  In the end, the price was more than reasonable, given how well-prepared and customizable the meal is.  There may be a better burger somewhere else, but I certainly have yet to find it.
4	Don't remember what I had...it's been a few years...all I remember is that I enjoyed making my own creation....and the rest of the four people in my party enjoyed their meals as well:)
1	Give me a break, I know a good burger and this never came close, It's not a bad burger, But it's not even so so, The picture on the menu leads you to believe you're in for a treat, But dos not come close to deliver, First of all. I thought it was going to be a thick handmade patty from fresh (never frozen ) beef, Cooked to perfection so you get that char flavor on the outside while still remaining juicy, Not so, It was just a patty, Might as well have gone to Carl's JR. I think it would have been better, And I asked which would beef would make the better burger, and went with the more expensive Angus beef because I wanted a great burger experience, Again it would have been so so, but because I went out of my way to eat  there, I got to say it a TOTAL let down, My wife got the Chicken sandwich they boast is cooked to perfection while remaining juicy and I had a few bites, It was a thin previously frozen patty that was so dry it was sucking my will to live, Carl's JR would have been way better on that  front, I am not the vindictive type, I just wish someone where honest about it , Someone  that know there hamburger's so I could have avoided this train wreck, I will never go again.
5	Frankenstein's monster was made out of bits and pieces of unrelated human beings.  So if Frankenstein's monster was staying at Mandalay Bay, where would he eat?   The Burger Bar, where you can have a hamburger made out of seemingly unrelated ingredients.Kobe beef, lamb, fois gras, lobster, black truffles and avocado are just scratching the surface of the mismatched concoctions that come alive at the Burger Bar.  This isn't a buffet table loaded with burger toppings, but made to order concoctions of your own design (though they do have some pre-designed burgers to choose from).The creative genius doesn't end with the burgers though.  A selection of Beer Floats are available as well.  That's right - Beer Float.  Ice cream and Beer.  We're no longer serving Mary Shelley's Frankenstien and now serving Mel Brook's Young Frankenstein.  And that's not all bad.When my wife pointed out the Beer Floats, she laughed.  Unflinching, I immediately ordered the Beer Float sampler.  5 different micro-brew style beers, with 5 different flavors of ice cream.I have to admit, most of them tasted better than I thought they would, and my wife who mocked me for ordering them was also slurping them down (I don't ever need 5 scoops of ice cream).While I cannot say that the Beer Floats are the best beverage I've ever had, I can say that it was offered.  The burger however, was one of the best burgers I've ever had (second only to Detroit's Miller's Bar).The Burger Bar is a 3-star setting with 4-star prices and superior burger options.  Strap it to a table, expose to lightning, and you have a place that even a monster could love.
4	I saw this place on Giada's Weekend Getaway, and since I've seen the show I promised myself I would go there. Our wait was about an hour long, and the entire time we were saying "this better be worth it." Let me tell you, it definitely was. By the time we were there, we were starved. I ordered a Kobe beef burger, with grilled onions, mushrooms, and provolone cheese and the truffle oil sauce with onion rings, fat fries, and zucchini fries. OH MY GOSH! DIVINE! The fat fries and onion rings were nothing memorable, however the zucchini fries were soo delicious, I am craving it as I type this. I couldn't finish all of it (obviously), so we brought it home and unfortunately I didnt finish my burger as PH did not have a fridge. Sad times, sad sad times.
3	The burgers here are oh so yummy! I wish they had something like this in Chicago. The one thing that they need to seriously improve on is their waiters. Our waiter was so terrible. He wasn't helpful at all and he didn't stop to check on us at all. We waited forever for the check. So back to the food being yummy. Fries were good and I loved that we were able to customize our burgers. I had the veggie burger which looked weird but it was so good. The others had the buffalo burger and kobe beef. We were all so happy with our choices. I liked the atmoshpere of this place. We didn't have to wait for our table so that was a big plus.
5	Two weeks separated from our recent trip to Vegas, I am still thinking of the Kobe beef burger I devoured at Burger Bar. Sometimes you just want to say "no more buffets" and just get a good piece of meat between 2 pieces of bread. This wasn't just a piece of meat though. Being my first kobe beef burger ever, I had to order it medium rare. I usually order bacon with my burger, but oh no, not on this one. Oh,  this thing is a piece of art, I tell you. I took a moment as it sit there daring me to pick it up and eat it. But no, as if to torture myself a few minutes more knowing that relief is right in front of me (almost like when you want to take a shit so bad, u finally reach a toilet bowl, u hold it in just a few seconds longer). I sit there admiring this man made creation. I could kiss the chef in th ass. It was beyond delicious. While you're there, go on and order the Nutella milkshake, holy moly. It's just beyond amazing. Oh, and people who gave this place less than 4 stars didn't order the Kobe burger, haha.
5	Best burgers in town period..... Yeah, I said it... this place rocks when it comes to burgers.  They have a nice beer selection on tap, I recommend getting a Duvel from Belgium.... even though the price on the items is a little on the high side (even on the strip) where can you go and get a Black Angus beef burger on whatever type of bun you like with a lobster tail and grilled asparagus LOL.  J/K.... keep it simple and get a great burger to start w/ a beer from the tap or mixed drink from the full bar, add the sweet potato fries and a malt/shake if you like.
5	I couldn't believe I had yet to write a review for Burger Bar when I went to make a list of burger places. My humble apologies Burger Bar. Located in between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, this joint has a plethora of add ons and options for you to create your own masterpiece. Much like El Guapo had presents in Three Amigos! My choice of late has been a simple Ridgefield beef(don't splurge on the Kobe or anything special) with Swiss, caramelized onions, portabello and the red wine and shallot reduction. Which, we found out the reduction has veal in it, so it is not vegetarian, much to Dallas G's consternation. Don't get the burger cooked anymore than medium. It comes out perfect this way. Their sweet potato fries are really good too. They have a great beer selection as well. Dessert options are many, but I have been to full to try any of them. I have had the Peanut Butter shake, which is to die for. You can go a little over board on the price of your burger depending on the add ons and the amount you get. This is a staple on any of our Vegas trips. In fact, I don't think there has been one where we have not gone.
5	This place is amazing and great for the money! You get what you paid for. I had the veggie burger w/ avacodes and jalepenos as extras and added ZUCCHINI FRIES. The fries are very good. YOU can take anyone with you including meat eaters, picky kid/adults, vegans/ vegetarians. They have vegan milkshakes and other wonderful shakes but for $5 you can get a frozen pina colada and it was the best thing I had in my 3 days at Vegas and its only $5!! They have strawberry daquiries for $5 too and it's very big with lots of whipped cream too.Veggie BurgerZucchini fries Pina colada (frozen drink virgin) $22 with tip. It's worth it and yeah buffets are cheaper. *TIP: You have to wait about 10 to 30 minutes depending on when you go. I went for lunch.*TIP: Try their unique fries (zucchini or sweet potatoes instead of the usual)*TIP: You can MAKE your own burger or add topping to burger combinations they already have. They have seafood burgers too.*TIP: It's close to FAT TUESDAYS so you can get a drink from there and eat here if you want more varieties.COOL INFO: The head chef Mr.Keller was on TOP CHEF and is a finalist on TOP CHEF MASTERS on BRAVO TV. We saw him there and I was so tempted to say hello but I was too shy lol. He is an amazing chef.
3	we came here for lunch on our vegas trip.  it's located in the shopping area of mandalay bay.  i ordered the sliders and was pleasantly pleased - each slider was different; one had bacon, which was yummy, another had caramelized onions, which was pretty good, and the last one was just a cheeseburger with a crunchy pickle.  a couple of my friends said the burgers they ordered were pretty good as well.  their skinny fries tasted like the kind they used to have at jack in the box, which isn't really a bad thing.  overall, it was ok...everything wasn't to die for, which i kind of expect at an overpriced burger place.  i still have yet to try the burger places on my list in LA, so I can't really compare.  i just have a hard time justifying paying $15 for a pretty good burger...i need it to be great...
5	Quite possibly the best burger I've had. How many times have you ordered a burger medium rare and it comes out pretty much well done? Not here. My blackjack burger (ciabatta bread/jack cheese) was THICK and cooked perfectly, a little crispy on the outside and very JUICY on the inside. Even the included skinny fries were pretty good. At $14 it was totally worth it. I also had a twinkie milkshake (great idea). It tasted great, but probably not worth it for $9.
5	All I can say is wow wow wow. Number one the selection and quality of the burgers was absolutly amazing. Number two the selection of beer was huge. They carried beers Ive never seen at restaurants before. The waitress was extremely nice and kinda reminded me of Michael Jackson which made the experience even more enjoyable. But seriously this place is a must. I had the blackjack burger and mmmmm. The only downside is that the place is so nice and enjoyable you kind of wish it was fancier. I'm serious try this place an you might have to come back multiple times on your trip.
3	You'll definitely get an excellent gourmet burger at Burger Bar.  The quality of the meat is excellent.  The toppings are excellent twists on your favorites (the jalapeno bacon, for example, kept my table's mouth watering for 48 hours after we left).  You'll pay a hefty fee for it, though.  I think we averaged just under $20 for a burger, fries, and coke.  That's a lot, even by pricey-city standards.  I'm glad I went, though.If you don't eat a lot of red meat, you might want to warm-up your stomach prior to eating here.  Two members of our party were hit hard by the sudden introduction of massive quantities of delicious ground beef.Pro tip:  Call ahead to get yourself placed on the waiting list.  We called about 45 minutes before we showed up, and we were seated within 3 minutes of showing up on a crowded Friday night.
2	The wait was pretty long.We had a false alarm from the buzzer thing and when we went to the  hostess thinking we would be seated, she was kind of rude about it.I ordered the American Kobe beef, it was dry and didnt have much flavor.  Do they season the burgers there? Expensive burger for sureMaybe I expected too much from their  burgers.
3	This was our last meal in Vegas before hopping on a plane and getting back to reality.  Knowing that Burger Bar is a Hubert Keller restaurant, I went in expecting a lot...maybe expecting too much.You basically build your own burger here.  There are so many choices.  You get to pick your meat, bun and your toppings.  I went with the Black  Angus Beef Burger with bacon, grilled onions, sprouts and bleu cheese( http://static1.px.yelp.com/bphoto/DUT55eQDtMPNZgyjN_JvKg/l ).  I swear the restaurant wasn't very busy, but the food took for-e-ver to come out, and we were huuuungry!  After watching food pass us by to other tables, our food finally came.For a $14 burger(after all my toppings), I was expecting to have a super orgasmic experience when biting into my burger.  The burger was good, but definitely not the best burger I've ever had.  The meat was nice and juicy, but  the flavor didn't wow me.  Again, service was sloooooow.  We were done with our meal, and we wanted to pay our bill so we could head to the airport.  Our waitress was nowhere to be found.  We finally get our bill and want to pay it, but again, the waitress disappeared.  Maybe I was just more irritable because I was tired and hungover.  But it seriously seemed like we waited forever.Will I come back again?  Maybe.......they do have a Kobe beef burger...hmmm.
5	OK...so after reading all the reviews we went to the Burger Bar to make our own opinion. Let me say- any poor reviews are because people are expecting their burger to be made of gold and the wait staff to hand them a new car with every order. The waitresses were all nice(we went 3 times  during our 4 day stay). The food? Ummmmm DELISH!!! we tried to get something different everytime and it was never bad, in fact it was amazing. the kobe burger, i want to drive four hours just to eat it. my boyfriend is a health nut with a burger weakness and is now obsessed with the buffalo burger. The burgers are divine....sorry to all the people who wrote bad reviews....pretty much means they forgot they are reviewing a BURGER..not a 5 star establishment. Will we go back? At least 2 times everytime we are in Vegas.
4	I'm a big fan of thier foie gras burger, in fact it would be better you just have a onion bun with foie gras and mushrooms.  The kobe beef is a a bit overated because its basically just ground up kobe beef packed into a patty so there is not a dinstinct taste.  The lobster was also a little dry.
4	This is "the counter" but even crazier.- Build and design your burger to your own liking... how can you go wrong?- Kobe Beef as an option? WIN- The wait time for this place is a little long (1 hour)... be sure to get reservations
2	It's okay. Not sure what all the hype is about. Good burger but nothin special, esp for the price. All add ons (onions, cheese, avacado, even fries, etc.) cost extra. Bun was about an inch bigger all around than the meat. Good beer selection
4	The $20+ burger! I came here on a friend's advice. And gladly so! * The angus burger came out perfectly med-rare. Added cheddar cheese, sauteed onions, and a fried egg. Yes, boring but wanted to keep it traditional to see if it could rise to the attention. It did.  *Fries were great n crispy, nicely seasoned.  *Tons of beer selections-mostly by bottle-small boutique, hand crafted kinds. Stuck to my good 'ol Coors lite!  *Only downfall here I found was the burger wasn't seasoned at all.    Shame. Everything else was perfect, including the nice fried egg with a runny yolk!  I think the fries were seasoned better!  How can a place do such a nice job, but miss on the seasoning of the burger?
5	During our entire trip to Las Vegas, we wanted a burger, and we were longing for a nice, cold, tasty beer. Las Vegas is not only a desert environmentally, but in terms of quality, there is a sore lack of good beers, good wine, good whiskey, and good food at reasonable prices.  In terms if beer, it was quite difficult to find anything other than the usual swill.  In fact, this is the only place we managed to find a nice selection of beers - and they weren't $10 each either.We were told at the entrance that we would need to wait 30-45 minutes, so we sat down at the bar and managed to find a few beers we hadn't tried before.  One was a Black IPA from Stone Brewing Co. and my wife had something else, I think it was European and smooth.  We talked about beer with the bartender and a fellow sitting by us and the bartender offered us what's called the Deschutes Black Butte XX, a variation on their Black Butte Porter, but much better.   We thought about the offer and decided we would wait until we got our burgers.  In the meantime, we continued to talk about beer and convinced the fellow next to us to try his first IPA - Dogfish Head 90 minute (they were out of the 60 minute).   I'm not sure what he thought about it, but he certainly agreed it was strong and hoppy.The wait didn't seem to long, and we eventually sat down at a table and started to wait for our burgers to arrive.  We ordered their buffalo burger and their American Classic (basically a bacon cheeseburger).  I asked if the waitress if they made their own meat, and indeed they did.The burgers were among the best we have had.  Juicy, tasty, well cooked, no fillers, quality meat.  During our feast - these burgers were big - the Black Butte XX arrived which made our  meal even more delicious.    If the burgers weren't enough, we decided to have dessert, well I decided, because my wife was quite full, but the dessert burgers looked good.  My wife's burger was marginal, but I had a delicious burger that was basically some fruit, whipped cream, and donuts for the buns.  In any case, when I return next year, which will be for DEFCON, I will have top my visit off with a trip to Burger Bar.  You can go to some big expensive, overpriced restaurant with a chance that you'll actually get something of quality, and I'll go to Burger Bar.
4	You really don't appreciate how good a hamburger is until you have had a REAL hamburger. About five years ago we gave up going to the fast food joints, with the exception of an occasional IN n' OUT Burger, and it only has increased our appreciation of how good a hamburger could be.The Burger Bar in Mandalay Place is a great place to truly enjoy a good burger. They have a wide variety of burgers to choose from. Not only in toppings, but also in meat choices (Angus, buffalo, etc.) as well as bun choices.The last time I was there I had the Buffalo burger. It's a bit pricey, but certainly worth the treat. Throw in a side order of sweet potato fries, and I was a happy guy.This place certainly isn't cheap. Two of us went for lunch, ordered a couple of burgers and soft drinks and the bill was close to $50.The place does get a bit crowded so be warned. I tried to take my wife there for a quick late lunch last time we went to Vegas and we were told the wait was over an hour. So, we went elsewhere. But, we'll be back!!!!
5	Love this place.  Its not a Vegas trip without a stop here.  Fantastic food, good atmosphere and a world class beer list.  Sooo good.
5	this is by far the best burger i've ever had.. i try to come here every vegas trip.. this is now my 4th or 5th time being here, and every time the burger is absolutely perfect.  the sweet potato fries and the great selection of brews on tap helps too.  they have many excellent toppings to choose from, but lets face it - a burger is about the meat and the bun... and the bacon... and all of it is so tasty.. and every body i kno that tries this place tells me they r gunna make it a point to come here on every vegas trip.  one bit of advice - go for the angus burger.. don't bother spending the xtra money on the kobe beef burger.. its good but not any better than the angus.  kobe beef is known for its marbling and is meant to be eaten as a steak so its a waste to grind it up and throw it on a grill where all that marbling gets lost - but whatever you get im sure you'll like it
4	I can't accurately rate this place as I was here when I was sooo tired, that I'm surprised that I didn't pass out with my face in my food.  From what I recall the burger was pretty good, the wait was pretty long and the place was a little dark.  That is about all I can remember from this place.
3	This place is really cool because you can build and customize your own burger. This is the first time I have tried a buffalo burger and it is a lean red meat but it falls apart very easily. My bf ordered the kobe beef burger which is $60 and added on a lobster tail ($12) along with other fixins. He also had the peanut butter milkshake which was to die for. You can also customize your milkshake and put whatever you want in it. I didn't like the set up of this place because it feels like a dark bar.
5	I don't know what it is about vegas but they definitely know how to make a burger! the night before we left vegas, we decided to stop by this place since there were a group of people waiting outside. we figured that if there is a crowd, it must be good. the wait was only 20 minutes which wasn't bad since we were distracted by the shops and displays for the lion king musical. Little did we know that we get to "build" our own burger with any of the ingredients they have listed on the menu. some weird reason i wasn't surprised to see froi gras, lobster, black truffles and japanese kobe beef on the menu. my burger consist of black angus, caramelized onions, portobello mushrooms with ciabatta bread. Omg! the mushrooms were long slices and so sweet. everything was just dripping out of my hands. hands down this is my favorite place to get a burger in vegas.
5	Probably the best burger of all time and the staff is great. Super friendly even at 1am (closing time). I am not a big fan of milk shakes but my friend ordered one and I was thinking about it the next morning, they are that good!I highly recommend this place.
2	I consider myself a burger expert - have to, there's fast food in the family - and so we tried this place, mostly because of the hype about the kobe beef burger.  I think it maybe that I just don't like the greasyness of kobe, and it tastes a little gamey (to me ...).  The place was okay, but just okay, and not a bad choice for a quick bite (if they don't have a crowd - but a crowd doesn't always mean good - have you been to Chipoltle lately?... shudder), the sweet potato fries are not as good as you think they will be, service is slow.  Menu is good, lots of interesting choices - but it would be a place I would go to because I was at Mandalay Bay doing something else, not that I would go to Mandalay Bay to go there.
5	So my bf and I are in Vegas heading out for the night looking for a place to eat and stopped in at the Burger bar just as they were closing. To our surprise they served us at the bar anyway which was a nice gesture considering they were trying to clean up. The staff was very friendly and our waitress/bartender made me one of her special martini's with coffee beans in it to wake me up. She also gave me a souvenir bottle of water with a devil on it (very fitting haha). My turkey burger was cooked perfectly. I was very impressed with this place even though its just a burger bar.
5	My husband and I went to Burger Bar before the Green Day concert on Friday 8/21. We had to wait about 15-20 minutes, but it was well worth the short wait! The place has a bar feel - it is a long strip of tables and booths packed with patrons. We both ordered the black angus beef with jalapeno bacon and me (guacamole) and him (pepperjack cheese) + skinny fries and a pitcher of Stella Artois. The burgers were cooked perfectly - juicy with a variety of fresh toppings to choose from. We loved our burgers so much, we decided at the end to wrap up with a couple shakes. My husband got a chocolate shake - very creamy and yummy and I did a Nutella shake - which was out of this world! Decked out with whip cream and hazelnuts :) It was a great meal and a wonderful experience!
5	One of the better burger joints on the Strip.  I've only been here once, and it's been a year since I've last went there, but I do remember how much I enjoyed the Kobe Burger I had (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Cni2l-VKG_pdospJ6xliXQ?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw).  Since it was my first ever taste of Kobe style beef, I ordered it plain and simple, just to be able taste the beef and figure out why the hell do people rave about it so much.  To be honest, I didn't notice a huge difference, but it was probably because I haven't had regular burger for weeks before that.  Needless to say, it was very good.  I was very curious about their Rossini Burger, but I couldn't come to myself to pony up $60 for a burger.  I've been hearing good things about it though, and also their Veggie Burger that I saw Hubert Keller make from scratch on his TV show.  I don't know what to say about their Chocolate Burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Cni2l-VKG_pdospJ6xliXQ?select=4TM4IUNQlmkPap-kkwGIPw) as it really took me by surprise because they really did a good job making it look like a real burger.  I wasn't even sure how to go about eating it whether to knife n fork it, or eat it using my hands like a real burger.  I decided on the latter and that probably wasn't such a good idea as the strawberries and mint leaves kept falling out.  It was very good though and was a fitting way to finish your meal at a burger joint.I'm actually happy to say that I was overwhelmed by the pure customization you can have with your burger over there.  This is why I'm very excited that the Burger Bar in SF is opening soon, so I can be finally create my burger masterpiece without having to fly out to Vegas.
4	Great burgers. Lives up to the hype in my opinion. They're not the biggest burgers, but that's fine with me because I didn't feel like a complete fat slob when I devoured the whole thing. I love that you can customize your burger, although the price will add up with all the toppings. The kobe beef burger was amazing! It was tender, juicy, and perfectly cooked. Definitely one of the best burgers I've had. My wife's veggie burger was the best that she has ever had also. The size of the toppings are pretty big so if you're looking to save a little cash split the toppings with whoever you're with. The caramelized onions they gave me were plenty for two burgers. The skinny fries were nothing special but the onion rings were large, crispy and delicious. Next time I'll have to try the sweet potato fries. The black and white milkshake was tasty, with good sized chunks of cookie dough in it.
5	The prices hurt me a little, but the quality of the food and service really impress me.  I have eaten here several times so I like to think I know what this place is about.  The burger really has been the best I have ever had.  The selection of toppings is extensive, but I usually stick to jalapenos and mushroom with a side of thousand island and onion rings.  The only thing I haven't been impressed with is the chili, so skip that.  The chocolate shake was great, but still $7+!.  Last time I went I had the beer tasting, so I got six or so unique and tasty beers for a reasonable price.  The premium beer selection is very good.  Also, my service has been consistently excellent.Overall, I recommend Burger Bar.
3	I saw that this was a restaurant owned by acclaimed celebrity chef Herbert Keller.  Recently he was featured on Top Chef Masters.  This was an economical opportunity to check out his culinary offerings.The place is located in the small mall that connects Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  It has sort of a grill and bar feel to it.  Super casual.  Their menu includes a build your own burger option, build your own milkshake and build your own sundae option.   Great it you are super picky, not good if you are indecisive!  I tried the top sirloin burger and added a few fixings.  I noticed that they had about everything you could think of to make your perfect standard to gourmet burger.  I was in the mood for a Hawaiian burger, but noticed they have everything BUT teriyaki sauce.   Bummer.  When I got my well done (by choice) burger, I noticed that the bun to meat ratio was a bit off.  "Where's the beef?"  I would have preferred a flatter patty so that it covers the span of the bread.  My first bite included everything but meat.  Verdict.  It was good, but not entirely great.  I could have settled for an In-N-Out burger.  Ouch.Service was excellent.  You gotta love Vegas for that reason.    There are TV's at each booth which is set to ESPN and a few huge TV's at the bar.TIP #1: If you like mayo, ask for the chipotle aioli.  It's a hint of smoky, garlicky pepper aioli (mayo).  Surprisingly tasty.
4	I came here on a Saturday and there was a two hour wait. I asked when there slow period was and they said in a really obnoxious voice "We don't have a slow time". Um this was not true. We went back during the week and waited like 10 minutes (even though there were empty seats, and walked by several times during the week when there was no wait at all. So, the key here is to go during the week. OK as far as the burgers, my burger was cooked perfectly and the topping options is wonderful (loved the caramelized onions). The fries were good, but I think I would do the sweet potato fries next time. Also, I wanted a shake but at $8+ that was just crazy (I mean it made the $5 shake in Pulp Fiction appear to be a bargain). All in all a good burger place that I would return back to.
3	LOVED LOVED LOVED LOVED the burger.  Only issue was the incredible olive tapanade there was suppose to be on it, was only on the center of the burger.  Which i am sure was probably not intended.  But once I half way through and all the flavors bursted onto my pallette... MMMmmmm! We ordered the signature "burger desserts".  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT? why? well, i am sure when Mr Keller came up with the menu and said "warm donut... blah blah", he meant a "warm donut".  I got an ice cold donut with non melted "chocolate ganache".... I sent it back. And it looked as if they put the top of the donut burger in the microwave. So i went to pick up the whole thing again, and the bottom was ICE COLD. needless to say, i was upset, and sent it back.  So, all the components are there, I am thinking there is one person in the kitchen (or more...) that is not up to par.We will be back again, but hopefully the chef that day, will not.
4	After watching Top Chef Masters, we really wanted to check out a Hubert Keller restaurant but didn't feel like we could splurge at Fleur de Lys.  So Burger Bar it was.  We went around 8:30 on a Saturday night and it took about 40 minutes to be seated (they give you pagers so you can shop in the area if you'd like).  J ordered the Blackjack burger (with Tapenade) and I got the hot dog sausage (Hebrew National!) although I couldn't have the sauerkraut because it had bacon in it.  The burgers/dogs was really good and the fries were great too.  We didn't try any desserts but they seemed interesting enough.  Now all i got to do is save my pennies and make a trip to San Fran....
4	2nd time here last saturday. the wait sux but it's worth it. good quality food at affordable prices. we split one kobe and turkey burger amongst 4 girls and added a side of sweet potato fries and fried zucchini. (they charged a $2 split fee per burger) we were trying to save our tummies for dinner. we had to wait about an hour to sit and it took awhile to order and get our food. by the time we were done, it was 3 hours till dinner time. =/the turkey burger was better than the kobe beef burger. it was juicy and seasoned perfectly. kobe patty was bland. the fried zucchini and sweet potato fries were excellent. service was so so, just really slow. there were a bunch of open tables but still a lot of ppl waiting. maybe they're understaffed?
4	I came here last weekend in the afternoon and there was no wait for a table. I enjoyed a turkey burger on a whole wheat bun with bacon, onions and guacamole. The burger was really good, although the guac could use some work. The sweet potato fries were tasty although not in my top 3 of spff selling establishments. The raspberry iced tea was disturbingly good and refilled regularly. The staff was nice and my companions all liked there food. The Burger Joint can be found within the Mandaly Bay Resort & Casino.
3	i came here on a friday night, and was surprised there was no wait! we got seated promptly, which was great because i was starving from a day of drinking beer. so what better way to satisfy my hunger than to... order another beer as a starter! i had their black angus burger. honestly, i was expecting a little more from it. i was still a little hungry after inhaling it, but i guess it just didn't wow me. i've had better burgers, but then again i've had a lot worst. personally, the quality of the meat is good, but i wouldn't go out of my way to go here again...great selection of beers though...
4	Where else can you find a place with a $60 burger on the menu?  Ahem - I should clarify, where else can you find foie gras with drizzled truffles over a grilled kobe beef burger for less than $100?  That makes it sound more reasonable, I guess.A decent place - basically a few set chef burgers (like the one mentioned above) and the rest is "build-a-burger" similar to places like The Counter, etc.  Except I've never seen $30 for 1/3oz of black truffles at the Counter.  Perhaps the most remarkable things on the menu, however, were the desserts; among numerous virgin and alcoholic milkshakes (the chocolate mint was tempting me like crazy), there were also two "dessert burgers."  Both served in a warm donut bun, one had candied passion fruit to imitate cheese, chocolate ganache to imitate the patty, a mint leaf to imitate lettuce, and strawberries to imitate the tomatoes.   Ann and Nelson tried that and love it, I went with the waitress' recommendation and tried the creamy cheesecake filled donut burger with caramelized pineapple and strawberries as well.  Seriously amazing, best dessert I've had in a long while.
4	This place was yummy!  They basically set it up so you can build your own burger plate and have the experience you want.  They have all sorts of different fries and all sorts of different burgers.  I want to go back already.  They also have an excellent selection of beers to wet your whistle with while enjoying your food.  Its hard to find a place to enjoy a Hoegaarden and your meal at the same time.
4	Hubert Keller, you did not disappoint.  I was very tempted to order the Rossini Burger but decided against it to design my own burger.  It was so yummy and juicy and flavorful.  There are different kinds of meat, bread, toppings, fries and onion rings, cheeses, and so many other options.  You can also add foie gras for an extra $12 dollars if you don't want to spend $60 for the Rossini.  I would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas, even if it is so far from everything else.  Go and pig out!
4	Had the Buffalo Burger with the Lobster add on. It was good, but I'm not sure it was $30 good. Luckily I won a hundred bucks during the 45 minute wait it took to get seated. The lobster seemed kind of like an after thought, just a few chunks on top of the meat and it was a little dry, so when I took a bite, most of the lobster came out. Buffalo and Lobster are just OK separate, but imagine if they mated....mmMMmm...Buffalobster. Dr. Moreau would be proud. Oh, and be sure to order the sweet potato fries.
3	I think my experience at Burger Bar was just OK because I didn't actually get a burger (I had the chicken sandwich), so keep that in mind. It also took a little while to get seated (though not the 45 mins they quoted us, luckily!) For the cost, the chicken sandwich was just OK. WAY too big (but really most things in Vegas are out-of-control huge anyway). The zucchini fries that were recommended to me weren't as good as I'd hoped. A bit too greasy and not zucchini-y enough, if that makes sense. I think they had too much breading. The sweet potato fries I tried off someone else's plate were great, though. I love sweet potato fries! Those at my table who got burgers seemed a lot more happy with what they got than I did... So definitely go for a burger if you go there. I was also intrigued by the build-your-own milkshake, but after the HUGE amount of food (and seeing the $7 price point) I wasn't in the mood for one. Maybe someday!
5	Where do I start? Been to BB about 5 times. Never been disappointed. Order the Kobe, pepper bacon, blue chesse and portobello. Can't go wrong. Best $21 bucks I spend on a burger.
4	Good burgers cooked perfectly as ordered. Nicely seasoned fries and onion rings but stay away from the sweet potato fries. They must not be as popular as they were cold and definitely sitting under a heat lamp for quite a while. Beer variety and selection is the bomb.
4	We made it a point to go to Mandalay specifically for Burger Bar since the reviews are so spectacular.  The food was fantastic, the service was fantastic, and it was the only place in Mandalay packed at 12 in the afternoon.  That speaks for itself.  My only gripe is that they didn't have any beer or drink specials.  That's pretty lame.  I thought it would be more chic for some reason.   Other than that, Burger Bar met the expectation.  I'll be hitting them up EVERY TRIP!
3	mmmm..yummy.of course I don't eat meat anymore.  By that, I mean I only eat chicken, turkey, fish and sooometimes bacon.  Which also means that I ate a turkey burger that was hey!  A-ok!We have The Counter out here in good old L.A. so the price comparison was like (Kristy puts two hands on either side of her face and wiggles her eyeballs rapidly back and forth) "CUCKOO, CUCKOO".  But you know it's Vegas and we expected as much.  I got turkey with shrooms and gouda.  Also tried the burger bar beer, very good.  On the way out these guys were all, "how come your friend didn't finish her beer?"  to which she replied, "this is my third!" so the guys said they weren't leaving till she chugged it......the burgers looked a little more rare the second time we saw them.
3	I think because this place has such a high profile and gourmet rep, my friends and I expected a sort of higher-end atmosphere. In reality, it felt more like a nice diner or cafe. We grabbed dinner here before a show and it was perfect for exactly this purpose, as opposed to making it the highlight of a night out.That said, the burger I had (with bacon and cheddar cheese, $13) was fabulous and the service was great. Even the vegetarian at the table had options and was happy with her meal. Great lunch or casual dinner in Vegas.
2	When we arrived it was not what I envisioned. I thought it would be more high end but it's really just a sports bar. It was filled with men yelling at TV screens. As we were seated I thought to myself... I'm here for the burgers not the ambiance. Looking over the menu I was surprised to find only 4 chef created burgers to choose from and none were appealing at the time. I ended up making my own mushroom & swiss burger with Black Angus beef -- not very exciting. The beef was really fresh but overcooked. The fries were hot and tasty but nothing special. They were just piled on a plate and didn't come with any dipping sauces. Let's just say I wasn't impressed -- I expected more from a potential Top Chef Master...
4	Burger Bar is awesome for vegetarians. The vegetarian burger is the BEST veggie burger I've ever had in the 11 years I've been a vegetarian. Boca & Morningstar, you may call yourself a veggie burger but you're really just some soy slime with a faux funky meat taste. Gross. The Burger Bar veggie patty is the real deal - thick, fresh, and deliciously full of vegetables. I was a little worried by the description (pumpkin puree? weird), but was so delighted by my first bite. It bursts with flavor. I would have been happy to make a meal solely from a few patties, nothing else, that's how good & satisfying this burger was. Also, the beer battered jalapeno pickles were bomb! Crunchy & fried on the outside, yummy on the inside. There were some disappointments - the bun wasn't really all that great. The homemade dijon mustard (one of the extra costs) didn't taste as good as grey poupon off the shelf. The cheese was broiled too long on both mine & my boyfriend's burgers, so it was thin and hard instead of being thick & cheesy. Overall, the meal was awesome and I hope I can go back to try some of the desserts & milkshakes (alcoholic milkshakes! does it really get better than that?).
4	Pro: Friendly bar service, late hours, good location. Kobe burgers.Con: Small dining bubble - get close to your fellow patrons.Came to this place for a quick bite to eat around CES, didn't want to hit the buffets late so we googled this place up. Man, did this place lived up to the ratings. Burgers were deliciously fresh, it is hand packed and served with fresh buns. We never had to ask for refills, napkins, and fries. Sure, the place was a bit noisy, but it is a bar to start with.Come check this place out when around southern strip and don't want to drive around for good burgers.
3	I actually liked the sports bar atmosphere of this place  Great place to watch your football wagers win while filling up.  also love the beer selection(chimay and fat tire on tap).  Tried the surf and turf burger with bacon.  Burger was good, maybe a little underseasoned.  Lobster was a tad bit over cooked.  Wish it were grilled instead of steamed Bun was good.  The kicker on this burger was asparagus.  Surprisingly good!  Overall the burger was a bit dry, could have benefitted from some sort of sauce.  This place cooks its burgers to steak temps which maybe a little rare for a lot of people.  The fries were the most disappointing part of the meal.  The skinny fries came with my meal.  They tasted very generic.  they were the type that has that crispy coating(potato flour I think)  But they were uninspired for a a burger joint.  Thought in/n/out's fries blew these away.  Not too expensive for a celebrity chef joint.
5	I ate Hubert Keller, ya'll!!Ok, maybe not the man himself, but I did order the Hubert Keller burger (buffalo, spinach, carmelized onions, and bleu cheese). So good, I had to finish the entire thing. The fries accompanying my burger was oh so delicious. If you need more grease to cure your hangover, be sure to order the zucchini fries (the best I've ever had!)
4	Hubert Keller is an instant hit with me, dwelling in San Francisco for only a year and a half of my life was an increscribale twist in the direction my world headed. I guess that is why I am drawn to Chef's from SF. I have been eyeing this place after seeing a piece on the travel channel. Nestled between a bunch of chic stores, art galleries and bars. I dug it. I was totally pleased with the menu setup  4 basic burger types with all the sides sold separately on the side-  milkshake & beer lists as well were very, very detailed. :) Great touch. The surroundings were causal but people seemed touristy and business suit types. I would see this gem as a great place to get around midnight after one too many cocktails or after a day at Moorea Beach (the adult pool)I ordered the Buffalo burger with caramelized onions, bacon, & Swiss cheese. The zucchini fries and the skinny fries, They are a separate charge from the burger.  Tried the 5 beer sampler and a wheat hoegarden, left a little tipsy and the perfect amount of fullness. Job well done Burger Bar!
4	Our first meal in Vegas, my sister, mom and i made a mad dash of tummy rumbling hunger to the Mandalay after we checked into our hotel. My hands were practically shaking at the thought of yummy sweet potato fries *adores* What I Thought: So not pretentious! With a chef as famous as Hubert Keller, you'd think the place as a stench of snobbery to it, but it doesn't all. Very casual, elbows on the table can we get you meat and beer type joint. The servers were too slow for my taste and didn't check in on us but one time. it would've gotten 5 stars had it not been for that Who I Dragged Along: Ros and our Mommy (yea, i still say Mommy) Atmosphere: Clean, modern, dark wood, dimly lit with TVs at the booths with some sort of football game on. Price: Our bill including tip came out to be $55 or so What We Ate: My mommy is a semi-vegetarian and she said their veggie burger was seriously the best thing she ate during our Mother/Daughter's weekend in Vegas. Unfortunately she refused to get onion rings since she's against all things fried. Me: turkey burger on sesame with sauteed portebello mushrooms, provolone cheese (for extra stringy cheesy goodness), bacon (pork fat ftw!!!), lettuce, tomatoes, onions with a side of sweet potato fries and chipotle aoili for dippin Mommy: Veggie burger on Wheat with lots of hot sauce, mustard, ketchup, lettuce, tomatoes and onions.. and ate of our plats of fries Ros: black angus burger with Cheddar, bacon, tomatoes, lettuce, onions with a side of skinny fries Shared: chocolate burger for dessert (yummmm, dark chocolate goodness) Parking: We walked over from MGM, but its Vegas, there's parking everywhere! Would I Come Back: Next time I'm in Vegas.. sho nuff! I hope Hubert opens one in the Bay, that would rock sooo hardcore Did i miss anything?: Hubert Keller is one of my ultimate Chef crushes, being a wannabe chef myself i adore his culinary point of view plus.. its damn friggin great burgers!
4	Can't beat this place for a great and relatively inexpensive Vegas meal. We make sure to eat here every time we are in town. They have an awesome veggie burger and tons of toppings like picked green tomatoes, fried egg, asparagus, blue cheese and so many more.. to create your own burger experience. The skinny fries are also to die for. Relaxed atmosphere... love sitting at the bar. They also have really good beer on tap!
4	This place is great. You cannot go wrong with a place that serves great burgers. Fancy or not, a lot of restaurants take the hamburger for granted. Try the Kobe burger. I know you are not suppose to make it in to ground beef but trust me it is so good. It is a bit expensive but it is so worth it. In addition, get the sweet potato fries as your side. They are perfect. Awesome burgers. What else can I say.
5	What can I say, this is my favorite burger and fries EVER: kobe beef  burger, cooked medium rare, on a  whole wheat bun, with sweet potato fries. My mouth starts watering just thinking about it. There is nothing fancy about this burger, but all the ingredients are so fresh, and the sweet potato fries are sweet and crunchy. Next time I will try one of the other items yelp reviewers mentioned, like the Hubert Keller burger and zucchini fries.
5	WOW! What a great burger joint! I've only had the pleasure of trying it once and ordering takeout since the wait is ridiculously long, but 4.5 stars! Ordered the Burger Bar Sliders so that we could try three different burgers. One was Angus, pretty good, very basic. A little dab of mayo and mustard and it's perfect. The next was the bacon burger which was my least favorite out of the three because the patty was a bit dry and not as flavorful. The last was the onion burger and I think this is the reason that makes Burger Bar so popular. The patty was so tender and moist, one bite into it and it was oozing with juices. The caramelized onions enhances the rich flavor of the beef, my mouth probably said oh em gee! If you get the chance, order it with sweet potato fries to top it off!
4	Great burgers and fries- with a little sticker shock. Yes it's expensive, but the burgers are among the best I've ever had. I ate here twice during a recent trip to Las Vegas and had a great experience both times. The sweet potato fries are always great and I tried the zucchini fires which were good- but I didn't need a whole plate of them. I ordered the Foie Gras on one of my burgers ( I love foie gras) and probably would not order it again at burger bar- it was rubbery, unseasoned and just blah. The kobe burgers at burger bar are the way to go- SUPER juicy and meaty tasting. I've had kobe burgers other places, but Burger Bar's are the best. My fav burger- kobe beef, blue cheese, caramelized onions and bacon on a sesame bun- perfection!
4	We were on a time crunch and wanted Burger Bar. We did the only logical thing possible with such a short time in Vegas: to-go ordered our mini burger trio and sweet potato fries.1) The mini black Angus burger was good and fairly moist still for such a tiny burger. Sometimes something that simple is so good.2) The classic beef burger with bacon was my least favorite as it was the driest out of all the mini burgers.3) Top sirloin burger with carmelized onions: YUM. The best one.All the ingredients were fresh and the burgers all came on mini ciabatta bread, which was surprisingly easy to bite into. The sweet potato fries were good, but not the best I've ever had. A good handful of the fries were overdone. Next time I will be sure to make a reservation to really experience Hubert Keller's vision on gourmet burgers.NOTE: He's opening a Burger Bar this coming late fall on the 6th floor of Macy's in Union Square!!! YAY!
5	I was in Vegas for the weekend and wanted a yummy dinner that wouldn't break the bank. My boyfriend and I were staying at Luxor, so Burger Barn was a short walk away. Our burgers were delicious. You can customize them with different toppings, sauces, etc. My boyfriend and I each chose a burger that was produced on a family farm or something. It was moist and flavorful and really hit the spot!What's really amazing about this place, though, is their beer selection. Aside from their impressive array of tops, Burger Bar has an incredible selection of bottles as well. There are tons of IPAs, which made us San Diegans feel right at home. I'm a lambic fan, and they had three different kinds on hand! The prices were good, too, for Vegas - a pint of 8-9% beer was about $8. I loved this place and will definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	5 star burgers.  I had one with spinach and mushrooms and it was one of the best burgers I've had in a while.  One thing, the way they are cooked is probably different than what you are used to - I ordered mine medium-well and it was pretty pink.  The chocolate milkshakes are yummy.  So are the "Antioxidant Lemonades" made with VeeV.  Sweet potato fries are delicious.  We had one of the dessert burgers after our meal and it was really good - just make sure you share with another person.  I can't imagine eating one by yourself after a meal like that...These burgers are not the cheapest in town but you get what you pay for.  It's fairly reasonably priced - with the drinks, our bill came out to around $60 for myself, my husband, and daughter.
2	So I ate here once with my company who gave us per diem and almost couldn't afford a meal.  Whatever not my money, but the burger came out and was almost too big! Lol. I'm American but jesus, these seemed big.  Maybe I'm not too big on gourmet burgers.  Anyway, cant complain about more food so i guess that's it. lol. Seemed very pricey and I ate better at less pricey burger joints. Plus their burgers weren't THAT good. Fatburger anybody? In n Out? lolCLIFFNOTES: Meh. If you really want to. I wont give it a BAD review.
4	Was in LV for the wknd was looking for a place to have dinner that wouldn't cost $$$$ this place was it. I didn't have the Kobe but will next time, instead I customized my burger and it was delicious. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a good tasty juicy burger lets not forget the fries and beer. =] Although it took 45mins to get a table it was worth the wait.**Burger Bar right between Mandalay Bay and Luxor**
5	This is the best burger I have ever had.  I have had the kobe, buffalo, sirloin...all were absolutely wonderful.It isn' t the cheapest burger, but you wouldn't expect that in a casino.  But once you have the food, you'll want to keep coming back for more.The atmosphere is loud, very bar like, hense the name.  It does have a nice feel to it though, with plenty of flat screens everywhere.The food is so juicy!  They know how to cook a medium burger nicely, and all the flavor is there.  The have many types of cheese, bread, and other toppings so you can customize to your taste buds.If you haven't already decided to try it, what are you waiting for?!
5	BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD.BEST. THE ONLY BURGER I SPENT MORE THAN $30 ON.THE VERY FIRST BURGER I ORDERED WITH FROIE GRASTASTIEST BURGER I HAVE EXPERIENCED.The sweet potato fries are pretty damn good, too. I hope all these CAP'd words caught your attention. I'm not lying about the 'best' description, though.. it really is the best burger i have had.
5	For a true burger connoisseur just check out their menu & you will be wow'd. A pretty amazing selection of burgers. My buddy has been raving about this being the best burger he has ever had, so we had to try it out. AND, it was a pretty amazing burger, but it was also the most expensive burger I have ever had. I'd definitely rate it as one of the best tasting burgers  in my time. It did cost $20+ for a Kobe burger with cheese & bacon. They also serve Sin City beer... GREAT, Spendy Burgers that you need to try!
3	The burgers are pretty good, especially all of the choices available for customization. The different types of fries are also good. My main complaint is the interior--it is cramped and not all that exciting. As well, the service is sometimes off.
4	At the time I didn't really think my burger (buffalo, with grilled peppers, zucchini, and mushrooms) was worth the $20 it cost, but I did find myself dreaming about it later that night.  It's not often that I dream about food, so I figure this alone warrants a 4* rating.(One thing, though: I don't understand why, if buffalo is supposed to be as ultra-lean as it's advertised to be on the menu, my burger appeared to be oozing a fair bit of grease...)
5	Not a lot to add to what's already been stated in previous reviews.  I chose the Hubert Keller buffalo burger and the sweet potato fries.  Best burger I've ever had!  Service was good and we were seated promptly.  I think the prices are reasonable for gourmet burgers.
4	Burgerrific! Burgtastic!  This is the best burger I have ever had, and trust me, I've eaten alot of burgers.  Took a friend who is on the hunt for a good burger (he has high standards) and this passed with flying colors, Whew!The burgers are reasonably priced and a nice size and you can either order a burger off the menu or customize your own with various meats, toppins and rolls.    Sides were great, the sweet potato fries tasted like sweet potatoes and had no added cinammon sugar (big big plus!)  French fries had decent potato flavor were hot and crisp.  We got a really nice waitress, who towards the end of our meal was extremely busy, but never forgot us.Shakes were good,  we got them as dessert, but ultimately I don't think they were worth the $8 price tag.2 Hosti (that is the plural of hostess, right?) were less than friendly, way over estimated our wait time, told us 45 mins, but come back after 20 to get your buzzer, went and got the buzzer, stepped away, and less than 2 minutes later, it goes off!  She couldn't have just told us to hang on and forgo the buzzer?    For this reason, the place doesn't get 5 stars.Will definitely go back.
3	We were in Vegas for the Britney Spears 'Circus' tour at Mandalay Bay! We were walking around the casino and shops and started to get hungry. We noticed this place called the 'Burger Bar' and decided to check it out. It was a really cool bar set up located along the shop row at Manadalay Bay!The service was just okay! I have had better!But the burgers really were good! I wasn't completely impressed and blown away but they were still good! Bullshead and Joe's cable car have way better fresh and homemade burgers than the 'Burger Bar' in Vegas! However, the sweet potatoe fries were amazing and I would return just for those!Now that they are opening anohter location in my hometown of San Francisco, I will be checking out those burgers!
4	I really liked this place!  Last trip I went to BLT and was not impressed at all.  After doing some research I wanted to try Burger bar and was not disappointed.  Thanks to all the folks on yelp that suggested this place.Came here alone for lunch and ate at the bar.   Service was a little slow but, It was not slow enough for me to complain about it or give a negative review.Would say so far the best Turkey burger I've had in Las Vegas.
5	HOLY BURGER!  best burger ive had!  this was my first stop when I got to Vegas and it made my start a wonderful one.i was craving it the whole trip though... and i am not a huge burger person.  mmm just thinking about it makes me sad i dont live near.
5	I came here 2 years ago for lunch and I haven't been able to stop my mouth from watering every time I think about the burger I had here. The build your own burger is an awesome idea! I forgot which bun I had with my kobe beef, swiss, portobello, and avocado burger with a side of sweet potato fries, but it was the best burger I've had so far. I didn't get a chance to go back when I was in Vegas last year but I will not leave until I have my burger from Burger Bar when I go next month!
4	I went here on my last trip to Las Vegas during my stay at the Mandalay Bay. It was suggested by some friends, so I decided to see what all the hype was about. I must say that being a vegetarian, I was pleasantly surprised by the selection of tofu and veggie burgers as well as the taste. The service was also very good! I would recommend this place for anyone wanting a good burger in Vegas!!!!
4	We had a very good experience here. The burgers really are great. I would advise trying to be a little adventurous with your selection, though, as getting a baconcheeseburger kind of defeats the point. I had ta buffalo burger that was really delicious. The beer list is impressive as well.The place is a bit pricey. It's worth it, but I'm not sure I can go for 5 stars as I pretty much expect this kind of quality if my burger is going to cost 22 dollars.
3	A great place if you wanna watch a game and get shit-faced. I came here for lunch with some friends and there was 45 minute wait! My Kobe burger was really good. I ordered it rare with grilled onions, avocado, and pepper jack cheese. The cooks forgot to put the cheese and didn't give my friend her chipotle aioli sauce. The skinny fries were fine but not fresh. I recommend the buttermilk zucchini fries and onion rings. Our server was fine and prompt with refills. I spent $32.00 on my burger, beer, and tip. I like this place, but probably come only if family and friends come into town.
2	I came here on my b-day all excited about this place from the reviews I'd read, and was absolutely underwhelmed. There is nothing special about this place except for a huge beer selection and it's alcoholic milkshakes. My burger wasn't bad, but it was average, nothing special, I could've gotten it anywhere. It's a nice place to get an average meal, but nothing more.
4	Excellent Kobe burger. Be prepared to spend $20 for a burger once you load your cheese, mushrooms and bacon! Great beer selection and friendly staff. My friend had one of the milkshakes and it looked rich and awesome. Go, you'll enjoy it.
5	I haven't Yelped in a while, so I'm picking one of my 27 unfinished reviews at random.And here I am! Note to Yelp...let me review from my iPhone.I'll have to say this was all kinds of awesome. I love places that give me so much choice and freedom to create something exactly how I like it. It can get a bit pricey...especially if you order up the truffles, but it's well worth experiencing at least once if you're in Vegas!
5	What a great (and yummy) find!  Like some of the other yelpers, I am a vegetarian and at a place with the name of Burger Bar, I was sceptical to say the least.  I was wrong - their homemade veggie burger is to die for!  And, the sweet potato fries are the very best I've ever had!  My husband had the kobe beef and absolutely loved it as well.  It is a bit pricey, all the fixings are an additional cost, but you're in Vegas, so go for it!  They're usually crowded, but if you're in a hurry, hit up the bar, where service is fast and very good.
2	Pros: They made my burger rare as ordered???Cons:  - The front desk hostess need a serious reality check first, and then be fired- It took about 40 minutes to get our food - I never realized that cooking a Burger included killing the cow, etc.- I ordered a Kobe burger - you know the meat supposed to melt in your mouth? - no such luck.  My grounded, rare meat was actually tough (and unsalted)- They mixed up the order and delivered the wrong plate to my boyfriend.  By the time they were done looking for his burger on other random tables, I had finished mine- $$$OK, done venting.  High level summary: won't go back.
4	got the American Kobe Beef burger and not the $60 Japanese Kobe Beef burger as that was too rich for my blood.  but even the toned down American Kobe version didn't disappoint.  the burger patty was hellla tender. it was like just effortless to bite into the burger as it just mets in your mouth.  topped off the burger with some homemade dijon and monterey jack cheese.  zucchini fries with ranch are legit, i'd definitely recommend those as well.Service was a little lacking because this place was pretty packed and our wait was about 25 minutes to get in.  the hostesses at the door were kinda stuck up...but whataya expect, this is Vegas ya kno.  but i'm glad they just opened up a new Burger Bar branch at home in Union Square SF.  being from the Bay, i'd expect the hostesses to be more down to earth and less of a bitch at the SF location
5	Burger + bar = happy camper in my book!Where do you start with a place like Burger Bar? Hmmm, maybe at the 5 beer float sampler paddle? That's five different beers with a scoop of ice cream or sherbet that pairs perfectly with the beer floating in it. Or maybe you start with the giant list of items you can have added to your plate to go along with your burger. Burger Bar is must for anyone going to Vegas! Get off the strip and head in to the shops of Mandalay Bay and find a seat at Burger Bar. Enjoy!
4	vegan vegas burger is pretty good here! buttttt the best part was the skinny fries *drool* i love fries!!!
3	Black Angus Beef / cheddar / sweet potato friesI'm a fan of a burger matching the size of the accompanying bun. At the burger bar the bun was noticeable larger than the piece of meat to the point that I had to tear off the bread before the first bite. The burger had a nice char taste to it and had a good thickness at about 3/4 of an inch. I just wish it was larger in diameter.The sweet potato fries were very delicious. They had a nice sweetness to them and did not require and seasoning nor condiments.The burger bar has an impressive selection of draft beers with an optional beer flight of 6oz selections.The service was the biggest disappointment to me. We started with a wait of 15min which I find to be no problem. Once seated it took about 10 minutes to get our drink order and another 35 minutes before we had our meal. Our waitress was inattentive to drinks and checking up on how our meal was.Overall the food was good but I think I will try another burger place the next time I go to Vegas.
5	I love this place!  Yes, it's pricey, but if you want to complain, go to Mickey Ds, ok?  What I will tell you is that you don't need to upgrade to the Kobe beef, go with the Angus beef and you'll get a great burger.  They have composed burger offerings and they have the any way you want it option, which is the way I roll at The Burger Bar.  Great fries, the pass the Mickey D's test.  Don't be shy about calling an audible and going to the onion rings, they are tasty!  The selection of beers is fantastic.  The staff is awesome, they will take good care of you while you're there.Just go there and I promise you'll have a great burger.
4	This place has a great atmosphere and the  service is good.  The burgers are really good and if there is a wait it is worth it.  My favorite burgers are the veggie burgers.  I also like the vanilla cokes.  I really like to go here before concerts
3	This was my 2nd visit and I have to give it 3 stars because my turkey burger was tasteless and dry. My husband ordered the ranch beef burger and his was moist and delicious. The sweet potato fries were wonderful! We went on a Friday night. The wait wasn't that long and the waitress was very attentive. The atmosphere is a little loud for my taste, but it is a bar after all.
5	These were some of the best burgers I have had in a while. We ordered the Kobe Burger and it was nice and tender, juicy, and beefy. The bun was just right, not too soft or too hard and didn't take away from the taste of the burger at all. It is a bit more on the expensive side as burgers go, but I'd pay that much again to eat one (actually going to go try the new one that opened up in San Francisco Macy's). The ambiance is a classic kind of mix between sports beer bar and steak house. Rich dark colors pervade the establishment. The server was really nice and attentive.It's found in The Mandalay Bay Mall area. We stayed in the Mandalay, so we received a coupon book and it had the Burger Bar in it. Not sure now, but I hope so!
2	PLEASE READ BEFORE YOU GO HERE!!!! The food is just forgettable. Trust me, it's not all that at all. I went here because it was owned by one of the Top Chef Masters and I had to give it a try.Rating from 1-10 ( 1= poor 10= very good)Quality- 5 out of 10Taste- 5 out of 10price- 4 out of 10
3	Yes, we went here because we wanted to try another Hubert Keller restaurant. And compared to Fleur de Lys in SF, this was just okay, but hey, that's comparing apples to oranges.This place was packed, but we didn't have too long a wait on a weeknight. I got a burger with blue cheese. Can't remember what hubby had but we both enjoyed our burgers. The onion rings were nothing special at all, sadly. The fries were good though. For dessert, we had the mint chocolate chip sundae, with creme de menthe. There was a huge puddle of the booze right in the middle of it, buried under a mountain of whipped cream. :-) Yeah, it was good. The place was really loud so not great for conversation. We were tempted by the kobe beef, but just got regular beef and it was still pretty tasty. Overall, it was good but frankly I was expecting more from it.
4	Yay, I'm an instant fan.I'm trying to ignore the fact that I pounded a few beers on an empty stomach before arriving here, but nevertheless...I ordered the most "famous" patty on their menu (which comes in around at 11 bucks). After you pick your patty and your bun, you get to choose from a plethora of toppings... and by plethora, it's like an endless list of goodies (note, you get your standard fare of lettuce and tomato on here)Portabella mushrooms, guacamole, 3-4 different types of bacon, like 8 varieties of cheese, grilled onions, some special sauces... I was just so overwhelmed and in a good way. They even had some truffle oil to be drizzled atop your burger and that comes in at a whopping 30 bucks. I opted for a burger on sesame bun with a fried egg and bacon. It felt like the BEST burger I have had in a long while. The egg oozed out some yolk and that just made for pure gluttony. I actually am getting heartburn writing about this...Alongside your burger, you can pair it with some fries. I opted for the sweet potato fries and they were a welcomed treat. They didn't mess this one up.All in all, I really enjoyed the dining experience and I'm inspired to make another trip out to Vegas and definitely hit up this spot again. Everyone I went with was sooo pleased as well. Man, mouth is watering right now, ugh!
4	A friend of mine suggested this place. I have to say I enjoyed it very much. I ordered the Surf & Turf burger which had lobster. Lobster was a little tough and some garlic butter would have been nice. The patty itself was great. Nice and juicy. Bun was fresh. The fries were awesome. I'm a huge fan of french fries and I have to rank Burger Bar's as one of the best. Service was good. They took our order quickly but they did not rush us. Next Vegas trip I am definitely going back.
5	What can I say? I saw this place on the Food Network and it didn't disappoint. Highly recommended and very fast service. Delish! Order the sweet potato fries, too!
4	The burgers are good, but not great.  What is great is the ability to choose from so many toppings.  I love the that.  There are almost too many options.  It is hard to narrow down my choices to an amount that will work on one burger.
4	i've experienced one of the best burger here but NOT FROM the $60 RossiniI did however tried the Rossini but not my favorite.  I understand all the  wonderful ingredients in it but it still didn't do anything for me.  We came back another day and had our own custom burger and it was delicious!!!!Our custom burger: which is BOMB!- BLACK ANGUS BEEF (i preferred this one over the kobe from their rossini)-PEPPERED BACON-BLEU CHEESE-MOZZARELLA CHESE-FRIED EGG-PORTOBELLO MUSHROOMS-AVOCADO-ALFAFA SPROUTS-on wheat bread... oh man, i'm going to the SF location now just to have this burger again!Besides  the Custom Burger we had:- ROSSINI .... not worth the $60- NUTELLA MILKSHAKE  ... it's so heavy but so delicious if you love nutella like i do- FRENCH KISS MILKSHAKE & IRISH CREAM  ... both are good but i prefer the french kiss- SWEET POTATO FRIES ... can't go wrong -DESSERT: CHOCOLATE BURGER ... not my fave, this came with the Rossini
4	Love love love this place... Its probably one of the best burgers joints I've tried in Vegas. The American Kobe Burger is super scrumptious! My personal creation consisted of:American Kobe, swiss, provolone, avocado,fresh jalapenos, red onions and Aioli.  Above all the service is great!
3	Became interested in this place when I saw the burger-themed challenge on Top Chef Masters. Went here for Saturday lunch, it was pretty busy with an estimated 20 minute wait. I instead sat at the bar. I wanted to try the Rossini of course, but I couldn't justify the price to myself. Instead, I went with the Hubert Keller burger medium rare (bison, spinach, caramelized onion, blue cheese on a ciabatta bun). Had a Hitachino white ale with it. In total, $30+.Now, nothing about the food was objectionable. I ate pretty much all of it, and the portion size was definitely sufficient. By the time I got out of there, I was full. The food was decent, but it was also not very memorable or flavorful (even with blue cheese!). The skinny fries especially were quite generic and could have been served from a chain family restaurant. Maybe I've been spoiled by Father's Office in Santa Monica, but the Burger Bar food was just...alright. Add to the experience a pretty long waiting time for food, and well, I'm not running to go back. Maybe I should've done a customized burger instead.
5	I grew up in Montana. I know a good burger when I sink my teeth into it. Imagine my surprise when the best burger I've ever had the opportunity to experience (at a restaurant,) came from Vegas.The kobe beef burger is worth every penny. The service is great, Sin City beer is good. There can be a bit of a wait, depending on when you get there, but it's worth it.Doesn't quite compare to the fresh burgers my dad used to make, but it comes damn close.If you love burgers, you have to check out the Burger Bar.
4	The only reason this place does not get a 5 star rating is because of the price!  I was there with a friend  we each had a burger and one appitizer and I had two beers.  It was 65 dollars!  Yes for two burgers.  Now that I got the price out of the way we can talk about quality.  First off they have a huge menu of different beers from all over the world, although I was infinitley disappointed they did not have Lowenbrau.  Anyway I highly recomen the American Kobe beef burger.  It was great and in my opinion very close in quality to the Japanese version, while being immensley less expensive.  My burger was $16, but I will admit it was more than worth it.  Pretty much the best burgers I have had in a very long time.  I highly resomend it, and I can tell you all that if this place was more along the lines of a reasonable spot in price (which it is not) I would probably be eating there at least twice a week, and I live 40 min from there!  Bring some money, but the product is not a let down!
4	The burgers here are very good, it is a bit pricey for them though. I had the american kobe beef burger, not as good as regular kobe beef but still good. Also the jalapeno bacon and sweet potato fries is very good. If your looking for a good burger I would suggest this place.
1	Well, I can't speak to the food or service, since I never got into the restaurant. We were told 20-25 minute wait for a party of three. After 35 minutes, and needing to get to a show, we gave up and left. If they had been honest, I'd would have been a lot happier.
5	I love this place!!!  The burgers are amazing, and I love the custom options. I got the free range beef (I forgot what they call it....not the angus or the kobe, the other one).  Anyway, I got that on a ciabatta bun with avocado, mushrooms, bleu cheese and baby spinach. AMAZING!  The only bummer was that they had a fire in the kitchen the night before so the fryer wasn't working and we couldn't get any fries. But we did get a side salad instead which was good.  I highly recommend this place, just be prepared to wait because it is VERY popular (we had to wait about an hour).
5	I realy thought we'd have to wait for a table for long time, but we were seated pretty quickly, may be 5 minutes and that was around noon on a Saturday!  May be most peeps were sleeping in from a night of partying? ;)I almost almost ordered the grilled chicken burger since I'm trying to watch what I eat since I'm getting married in June, but OMG, I'm so glad I "wised up" and ordered the Kobe burger!!!   It was the best burger I've ever had to date.  I ordered my burger medium with aioli and grilled onions on a wheat bun. It was cooked to perfection. I didn't order any fries, so I "stole" skinny fries from my df - boy, they were quite good! Just the way I like them. Service was attentive and friendly.   Our server really was on top of things.  My df and FBIL ordered the buffalo burger, they said it was very good though my df thought his burger could've been cooked a little more (he ordered medium but it looked medium rare).  My FSIL (Christine T. ) ordered the kobe beef burger also, but she ordered it medium rare. She said she should've ordered it medium instead.Must get the chocolate burger!!  The four of us shared it and it was just enough for a taste.If I'm craving a burger, I'm going to hit up the San Francisco location - hopefully, it's just as good!
4	I had heard good things about this place so I convinced my friend to go with me to try it out on a recent trip to Vegas. We showed up around 8 o' clock on a Sunday night and we had to wait about 15 min. Not bad considering there a few shops around that you can browse through to help pass the time away.I won't spend much time talking about the food because there are hella reviews about this place. My friend and I ordered the caesar salad, the Hubert Keller burger, The American Classic, and the Buttermilk Zucchini fries. The caesar salad was....well...a caesar salad. I'm a firm believer that a caesar salad can only get so good. The burgers were phenomenal. I made the mistake of eating my half of the Hubert Keller burger before the half of the American Classic. Although the latter was good, it still paled in comparison to the former. The zucchini fries were good. They had a little taste of jalapeno to them which was interesting. They are a bit too rich for my taste though so I would recommend getting a side to split with one or two friends.The thing I want to talk about is their water glasses. I will admit. I am one of those jacka$$es who drinks alot of water. What can I say? A brother needs to get hydrated. Well I hate it when you go to a restaurant and they give you a glass that only fits maybe two sips of water. Not so at Burger Bar! Their water glasses are so big I didn't need to ask for a refill once. Awesome!
4	My girlfriend told us that the burgers are delicious at Mon Ami Gabi. I believed her because she is a burger fanatic. I tried it Sat night in Vegas and sadly it did not hit the spot...We went to the Burger Bar the next day for lunch and to my delight, it was "phenomenal". I had the Peppercorn burger. Yummy beef patties cooked medium rare with honey dijon, fresh peppercorn, lettuce, tomato on a plain white bun with a fresh and a yummy peppercorn sauce to top it all off! Little did we know the restaurant was owned by Chef Hubert Keller. He also owns Fleur de Lys. Somewhere my friends and I have always wanted to try... it's just a bit $$$. There is a $60 burger you can try at Burger Bar. It is the Rossini burger. It is Kobe beef, american cheese, foie gras, and truffle shavings on an onion bun. Sounds like something to try next trip around!Worth a visit. Next time Fleur de Lys or even Robuchon!
3	Worth the 30 min wait. Kobe burger was great!! Great food!!!Expect to spend about $30+ per person.SERVICE BLOWS!!! Our waitress was about as dopey as they come.Came back once to refill our iced tea??? We were drinking coke.I might go back. I mean come on, its a hamburger.
5	After reading all the rave reviews about this place, I had to see what this place was all about. Came here midweek, and there was no wait. Items ordered were:-American Kobe Beef with Provolone-Black Angus Beef with American and Sprouts-Skinny Fries-HefeweizenEverything was so GOOD!!! Medium rare burgers were juicy and the fries crisp. The burgers were devoured literally within minutes. The bill came out to be about $40.
3	Hubert, Hubert, Hubert... Sorry, I've gotta say this place didn't meet up to my expectations. It's alright for a burger place, but a tad expensive. Having went to Fleur de Lys the day after, I wish I would've went to Fleur de Lys twice (though, my pocketbook probably couldn't have taken it =P).As for the Burger Bar, I decided to go for the Hubert burger - trust the chef, right? It was a buffalo burger with spinach, bleu cheese, and grilled onions on a ciabatta bun. Was it a good burger? Yes and no... I mean, it was pretty much just a burger. I thought the spinach was a little weird and the bleu cheese was a bit over the top. The prices, too, were a little high. I was amazed at their beer selection - they actually have a whole menu dedicated to beers - and they have choices from around the world. I went for the Burger Bar Seasonal since it was something brewed right in Vegas. It was ok - a bit sweet. Overall a bit pricey for burgers billed as "fancy" - but worth a try. I'd definitely try Fleur de Lys SF before Burger Bar SF.
4	Fun place with good burgers and beer selection. However, if you are curious about the Rossini burger that has truffles, foie gras, and a $60 price tag......don't do it. It's really good, but overpriced IMO. I'd opt for some of the "regular" burgers which are tasty and a better value. Also get desert elsewhere. I wasn't feeling the "desert burgers". Still a great place for burgers and beer though.
2	We were most disappointed to find that this place does not at all live up to the hype.  My husband ordered the Kobe burger and I ordered the Black Angus beef burger.  Honestly, these burgers were completely average, comparable to something you'd find at Red Robin, and not worth the price, the wait time, or the dingbat waitresses.  The sides were good, as was the huge selections of beers, but a better value can be found elsewhere, even in Vegas.
4	I've made many visits to the Burger Bar & it's always great.  Some may consider it pricey for what it is, but just consider that it's owned by Hubert Keller & it's on the strip.  The burgers are fantastic & the zucchini fries with buttermilk ranch are my favorite.   They have an extensive beer selection as well.
4	this is the only time I have had a medium rare burger that was cooked medium rare. great selection, great burger and lots of beers. Oh and awesome Sweet Potato Fries
4	Really loved this place! Much better than BLT (of which I admit to being a fan). I think the meat was tastier here. Husband had the angus burger with a coffee shake. Loved it and ate every bite! I had the three slider sampler with fries. The fries were nothing special, but the three sliders were so individual in flavor and texture - really enjoyable. I think we've found our new favorite Vegas burger joint!
4	The Hubert Keller burger is divine.Fries, eh.Beer selection is great.  Probably the best food for the price you'll find around there.
3	It's pretty good but I'd have to say that the prices are a little steep for what you get. Had the all american and it was a very good burger. Don't know if it was 15 dollar good, but good. The fries were ok, but not fabulous. Tried someone's onion ring and it was DELISH. Next time would go for those. Dining companion also had the kobe beef burger which was divine according to her - didn't get a chance to taste. Saw decadent looking shakes.....yum. Thought about the foie but was happy I didn't get it  - I was plenty full....
4	"i love burgers, and i love bars, and when the two come together its like a great burger bar fireworks"good burgers, good beer, no complaints at all. And now there's one in SF i need to check it out. Oh and for added fun - we enjoyed playing the "are the waitresses twins?" game.
3	I had the buffalo burger with sweet potato fries.  It was good and the fries was great. However, I would of given this 4 stars if the prices wasn't so steep.  I think I spent 30$+ for my burger and the rasberry beer float.  That was really good though.  The wait was a bit long but I was enjoying the beer float.  Yummy.
5	Awesome food - great beer selection. The wait staff was really helpful and made great suggestions. Prices were very fair for helping size.Definitely recommend the sweet potato fries as well.
3	3.5 stars New Year's Eve at 3pm, sat at the bar and we were served immediately. The bar server was very helpful. I ordered Blue Moon on tap and boy on an empty stomach, it definitely went to my head quickly *smile*. I ordered the Hubert Keller burger $20 with sweet patoto fries and my hubby ordered an American Kobe beef burger $16 (not to be confused with the Rossini Kobe burger at $60 with truffles) with added choice of toppings + $4 and a side of onion rings. As I waited, I noticed that the restaurant looked like a comfy burger joint, with booths and tables. The booths each had a mini flat screen so you can watch while you eat. There are two bar areas, for those who do not want to wait for a table. Take a seat at the bar if you are hungry and want to be served immediately. My burger came in a foccaccia bread with loads of blue cheese. My first bite was great, a mouthful of cheese, tender meat and chewy bread. I tasted my hubby's burger and mine was definitely the winner. The hubby's Kobe burger had lots of hard bits in it and that was surprising, especially if its supposed to be a Kobe burger.All in all a good experience but I still prefer the Perfect Burger at LBS at the Red Rock Casino. I want to say that I will come back here but even if my $20 Huber Keller burger is good, it's still does not beat out the Perfect burger.
3	Now, my poor rating could possibly be from what i ordered, but that wasn't the full story. I ordered the sliders which came with 3 small different burgers. None of them impressed me much, they were cooked medium which is the only choice for sliders but it was only medium in the very center, the rest was a little too cooked (probably due to the small size). The Hostess seemed extremely unhappy when I arrived with my friends and when i left i said bye, she bid me farewell with the same sad state of emotion... kinda killed it. As i was saying, the burgers lacked any "interesting" flavors despite the delicious description in the menu. The sliders were quite small and overall just didn't impress me as far as taste. Even though each burgers used different beef, they all tasted much the same. Presentation was pretty and the fat fries were pretty good but that just didn't cut it for a $20+ bill... i was gonna go for the ballin 60 dollar burger with truffles etc but opted not to at the last moment. Now im curious how that would have been. hahaha
4	I guess all the hype that surrounded this place in prior months has slowly died down because instead of waiting for hours, we walked in, sat at the bar, and ate. Nice. Kobe beef, fleur de sel, truffles, lobster? Who the hell puts this kind of stuff on a burger? It's pretty insane. Was really tempted to order the $60 burger, but then I thought of the children in Africa and how at the cost of this one hamburger, it could feed a kid for a year. Stupid conscience! I'm totally going back and ordering that shit next time! Great beer selection, I think the Dogfish Head IPA would go well with the Kobe. Oh and you gotta try the zucchini fries, this is a must. My only complaint is that there's too many things to choose from, too many delicious things. It's like being forced to choose between laughter and fun, you lose either way because you're missing out on the other.
4	The burgers, fries, and drinks are great. Unfortunately, the service is not that great. We come here every time we come to Vegas, because we like the food and Hubert is adorable, but pretty much every person you come in contact with, from hostess to bartender to waitress (they probably have male servers but I've not seen one) ranges from inattentive to surly. Maybe because we are a married couple instead of a bunch of single dudes who will probably tip better if given the chance to ogle the goodies? Who knows. Food wins. It is really hard to get a rare burger that is not goopy with juice and can be eaten without crumbling into a blob of ground meat, but at BB they succeed every time. Next time I fully intend to have a Guinness shake, for which I never manage to save room.
3	Meh. I was not impressed at ALL, let alone with their American Kobe burger! The saving grace was really the sweet potato fries and the yummy milkshake I downed while walking along the Strip on NYE.So not worth the hype or the price. Maybe for their regular burgers, but definitely not for the higher end ones.
3	Great waitress.  Rude bus boy.  Wouldn't be surprised if he was one of those that contaminated food just to be funny.  Oh and don't get the peppercorn burger.  The sauce is awful.  and tastes like flat beer.  with pepper.
4	If the hostess says there's a 20 min. wait at 3:30pm, make sure you go in and scope the place out.  $50 says that the girl's flexing her fancy-burger-joint attitude and the restaurant's half empty.  Sit down at a table and ask a deserving waitress for some menus.Service aside, this place is solid.  Huge juicy burgers in a down-to-earth sports bar, plopped casually in the middle of a mall inside Mandalay Place.  It doesn't try too hard and it isn't commercialized.  Great hearty shakes, sides, and desserts to match.++ | Any Beef Burger | (though I'd pass on the one w/foie)Mounding on tons of extras - sprouts, portabello, cheese, sauce, etc. - is a MUST.++ | Banana Split |Delish! Choc/Vanilla/Strawberry over a banana with plenty of cherries, strawberries, fudge, whip cream.  It's enough to serve 4.Decent sides:Sweet potato fries - a bit on the skinny & over-fried side, but it worksZucchini Fries - A heavy thick winter coat of deep-fried batter keeps the zucchini wedge inside moist and juicy.Average burger = $15-20
3	Pro: bar in Mandalay, clean bar, atmosphere, TV everything.Con: low selection on tap while forcing you to buy overpriced bottles.Ordered Jack and Coke and Jameson on Rock, run down 16 dollars. All ice, low booze. Good place, but yea.
4	I've eaten here several times. It's always the same....I get my burger. I bite into my burger. I have an epiphany that this is the greatest burger I have ever had in my life. Then I realize for eighteen bucks, it better be.Fantastic meal.... not cheap.
4	This place is very similiar to The Counter as you can build your own custom burger.  In some sense it is better in that you can choose the type of beef (I got Kobe but more on that later), but there is slightly less choices on the other toppings (though still a lot compared to most other places). I really enjoyed the place, nice american bar-y atmosphere but not too crowded, and a short wait for lunch. Moroever the burger did not ge me overstuffed, which is a bonus as I hate wasting quality food and don't like to pack stuff to go. This time around I got the Kobe patty with American and Chedder cheese, plus bacon, grilled onions, and truffles all topped with an onion bun. For sides I got the sweet potato fries, also ate normal fries, but regardless they were nothing to rave about. As for the Kobe patty, well you can't really beat Kobe (WARNING: it is American Kobe not real Japanese Kobe) when it comes to beef do undoubtly it was good. But really I think it is a waste to put such prime meat into a burger. Don't get me wrong if McDonalds served it for cheap I would get it all the time but for 20 bucks mmmmmmhhhh iono.Definitely a chill place that I would visit again even if it was just to grab a beer and a burger. Next time I think I will be trying the beer floats.
4	Great place!  Perhaps the best burger I have ever eaten (more on that in a minute).First select your burger - regular beef, black angus, maybe splurge on the kobe? Is salmon, turkey,or a veggie burger sounding more like it? And what would you like on top?  Fois gras, a fried edd, lobster, or maybe just American cheese? Actually, pretty much anything you would like on your burger is available. And it's good! And the beer selection isn't bad either.The place has sort of a sports bar feel to it.  Casual, maybe a little loud, good energy.  I arrived about 10:30 on a Saturday night and the wait was like 10 min.OK - the best burger ever - the $60 one with kobe beef, fois gras, black truffles, and wine sauce. So good.  Totally worth it.  You must try it at least once in your life.  Wash it down with a Sin City Amber...
5	Outrageously good burgers.  With all the restaurants in Vegas I came back for a second time in only a month.  The first time we ate with our kids who loved it.  The fact that we received great service at a high end burger joint with kids present was awesome.  The waitress informed my girls that the kids burger was called a Crabby Patty.  Whether true or not she had the kids in her back pocket.My wife ordered the low carb burger both times.  Being a carb addict I didn't want to admit it, but it was better than my first attempt at build a burger.  The token salad on the side had amazing dressing, my guess is there are truffles.  The low carb facade was thrown out the door when she ordered the Twinkie shake.  The Twinkie outshined my Nutella Shake which was a little to chocolaty.My second attempt was just gooey goodness.  Kobe, Jalapeno Bacon, Truffle sauce, Provolone & spinach w/ Chipotle Aioli on a Ciabbatta bun.***ORDER the beer float sampler.  My wife doesn't like beer that much but even she enjoyed it.  It was the perfect amount for 4 people.  Rasberry was by far the best. *****
3	Went to Burger Bar on a Friday night late for a dinner and was surprised there wasnt a wait, especially on the weekend of a UFC fight at Mandalay. The service was just soso, but then again im just being served a burger and fries so dont expect much. Was interesting that they offered a variety of burgers from Kobe Beef, Buffalo, all the way to a chicken and even Salmon Burger. I went for the American Classic ($13) as when it comes to a burger i want to keep it simple and enjoy the flavor of the meat. Ordered medium rare and it came out well cooked and tasted quite well 9/10 (the bacon helped that). The skinny fries are good but i will suggest you to order the Zucchini fries with a side of ranch cause they are slammin. All in all it was a good meal and i would probably go back if i was in the area and wanting a simple meal with no frills but a $13 hamburger is not something i want to buy to often as i can do that at home with minimal effort.
4	4.5 stars. Great burgers, nice beer list, nice ambiance. Be aware that when you order medium rare, you are going to get REAL medium rare, not the "medium rare" that we've all grown accustomed to ordering to get a bit of pink in the middle.  My burger was juicy - incredibly meaty-tasting and generously portioned. Loved the sweet potato fries and the beer. A definite win at Vegas...
3	There lay in Mandalay Bay a burger bar...(1/24)So average, you will wonder why the hype. Amongst the cheering and yelling of the Colts and Jets fans, we (the burger bureau) took a seat at the bar to indulge in the "finest" burger in town. The menu shows a lot of promise replete with choices of signature and build-your-own burgers. They suit all spenders ($14.00-$60.00 +). Plenty of liquids are also available to wash down your desired selections. I put in my order for the American Classic--sans cheese, picked up a side of Zucchini fries and elected for a mug root beer. The Burger Breakdown: The American Classic shared the white oval plate with the Zucchini fries, a pickle and the fixings on the side. The fixings: a slice of raw onion, green-leaf lettuce and a slice of tomato. The burger was cooked to a perfect medium--yet desiccated. This was the first time I have encountered this anomaly. I was disappointed with the lack of jus (fats and oil that were missing). I reached for the root beer after every bite. Yikes. The zucchini fries were well seasoned and made up for this average burger. The burger was fair sized but only fair-flavored.The presentation was lack-luster and the meal could be described in one word: LACKING. In an otherwise unforgettable trip to Las Vegas, I cannot wait to let this burger slip from my mind.While the selection was plentiful, the choices fell flat across this Burger Bar.
5	My friends first heard about this place after watching a show on Food Network with Giada DiLaurentis that featured this show.  At first I thought that it was gonna be just another overpriced burger joint.  I was wrong though... I have visited this place every time I have been to Vegas since that trip almost 2 years ago.  I am absolutely in love with the turkey burger as the patty is juicy and incredibly delicious.  The portion is generous and they offer an array of toppings you can put on your burger.  I usually stick to the pepper jack, grilled onions, and bacon (if I really feel like treating myself).  I recommend also ordering a helping of sweet potato fries or zucchini fries.  It definitely will not disappoint!
5	Every Tuesday I am in Vegas, I make the long trek down to Mandalay Place and eat at my favorite burger joint. The staff is amazing. The food is off the charts. Love the American Kobe burger. Ciabatta bun just soaks up all the juices coming out of the beef. I have had the best skinny fries here and some amazing onion rings. The american kobe isn't the cheapest option on the menu but it is worth every penny. the toppings take up a nice piece of real estate on the menu and have almost anything you would want on a burger, even a lobster tail to turn your burger to the surf and turf. amazing place and hot hot hot bartenders.
4	I love trying new restaurants when in Las Vegas!  I took one for the team, loving vegetarian wife that I am, and we headed here.  We were told the wait was 30 minutes for lunch, but oh no, it was more like 45 mins.  I hate that.  Anywho.We had a really, really friendly waitress and got a great booth with our own television.  My husband took forevaaaaa picking a beer, but was impressed by the extensive selection.  For food I went with the greek salad, sweet potatoes fries, and a chocolate shake.  Who would've thought that they'd have a delicious greek salad for me to eat?!?!!  And the sweet potatoes fries were just right.  And the chocolate shake!  Wowsa!  I think part of my satisfaction is due to the fact that I NEVER eat fries or chocolate shakes, but still.  Definitely a good stand by when we return, but I'm not sure we'll make this our number one stop.  There's too many other places to eat!
4	$10 burgers worth it in every bite great flavor and cooked to perfection ! You can find a cheaper burger but not a better burger! Try the zucinni fries they too were great as were the spicy pickle fries! a favorite of mine in Vegas! and the best beer selection anywhere i have been
3	I made sure this was on my list of places to try based on the sage advice of Brad E.  I had walked by the place many times in my travels to Vegas and had glanced at the menu board and decided $10-20 hamburgers were not my style.  I got there early for the dinner hour and got a seated at a small table right away, being alone they tried to talk me into sitting at the bar without being pushy.  By the time I left folks were waiting to be seated.  I opted for the sustainable beef (medium) on Ciabatta with blue cheese and a spicy aoili ($12.35) .  It came with a tiny slice of onion, a tiny slice of tomato, a pickle spear and a slice of lettuce (see picture).  I also got a side salad ($2.50).  It was a good, but not great, burger.  For me it didn't live up to the hype.  I have had burgers that tasted just as good from Red Robin for less.I seemed to arrive as shifts were changing, my original waitress was by quite often but towards the end I had a waitress that was working another part of the restaurant and I only saw her when she came to check on me.  It didn't really matter much as either way I got good service and was never totally neglected.I would come back again if somebody I was with wanted to but not likely by myself.
5	Stopped by Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay while having a great weekend with old college friends in Vegas.  Burger Bar definitely added to the great weekend.Let's start with the drinks - they have an excellent beer selection, including fat tire which is one of my favorites.  Pitcher for $22 = very happy me.Their burgers were cooked to perfection and included fresh, very tasty ingrediants that matched some of the other upscale burger places I've been - like Five Napkin in Manhatten.  I had the Black Jack Burger, which I can attest was fantastic.  My friends also enjoyed the American Classic, Black Angus Beef and Original Ultimate Burgers.As far as sides, I tried their sweet potato fries as others on Yelp have said they are fantastic - I thought they were good but nothing special.  If I were to go back and I would probably go with regular fries.Finally, the atmosphere was great.  Very modern place and it was packed, everyone was having a great time.  Great experience, I would definitely recommend.
5	Burger Bar, Burger Bar, Burger Bar, you are a dream come true. This place is fantastic and is a must stop for any person planning on coming to Las Vegas. Hard to tell what is best about this. A good variety of beers on tap are a good way to start you meal. I usually go with the Buffalo or Kobe burger. I then usually add some cinnamon, mushrooms, bacon, avocado and cheese. I tie it all together with either the sweet potato or zucchini fries. Affordably priced the only thing that slightly hurts this place is the location. Make it a point to go here, you will not be disappointed.
5	This is the bomb ass burger joint. The best EVER!! There is no other burger that I have ever had that is better than this. Sweet potato fries that are out of this world.  This is burger heaven. You can get whatever you want on it. I would go with the Kobe burger it is to bow for. The burgers are cooked heavenly. The cheese melts over to the side and blends in with the burger juice and makes you salivate just looking at it. It beats anything in my hometown in Seattle. There is no equal. Grab yourself a tasty adult beverage and sit down and eat one of these puppies. Ignorance is bliss!
4	Great burger, great people watching, and great beer.  What more do you need? Good selection of burgers - ranging from organic to kobe - and all the toppings you could ever want.I went with the organic burger on a sesame seed bun with american cheese.  You can't go wrong.  It was cooked perfectly medium and with great flavor.  The side of zucchini sticks (think mozzarella sticks, but zucchini instead of mozzarella) were great option if you don't want the fries.  Well worth the trip to Mandalay Bay for this burger.
2	During winter break I had a little food adventure. On my way back from my ski trip I had tried the restaurant the Burger Bar in Vegas. My brother and I have been wanting to try this place because the chef was featured on Top Chef Masters, which is really cool, so we decided to do a little research before we went there. We went on Yelp! to see if other people had thought his restaurant was good I believe the average rating was 4 1/2 stars. The ratings made us more excited to go there.      We detoured our trip back for a bit and went to the Mandalay Bay seeking this place. After being pointed to different directions we were finally at the burger bar. It is a cool little burger joint that is darkly lit with little personal T.V.s at each booth and it also has a full time bar. Now that we were finally here we had to order. I was itching to get the Hawaiian burger well chicken burger because the description sounded good but being at a burger bar I should order the some red meat so I ordered the American, which is a classic burger. The burger came in all of it's juiciness. The patty was pretty thick so I put all so the condiments in the burger and I tried it but was sadly disappointed the burger lacked flavor in the meat. Keep in mind when a burger patty is thick I would expect some sort of seasoning but there was none. Since my brother and I had hyped up the burger bar so much we expected a mouthwatering burger but were sadly disappointed. To say the least I will continue to try new food places but mostly likely won't go back to the burger bar. Farewell, Burger Bar.
4	Thumbs up for a place that knows how to deliver a hamburger cooked RARE, thanks.American classic, no other sauces, cooked correctly (RED) with bleu cheese, bacon, onion, tomato, and lettuce.  It lacked nothing and needed no other sauces.  Excellent.  I could see by looking around the table that the chefs here are not always so adept at watching the grill (medium-rare orders appeared closer to medium to my eye), but our party enjoyed our visit.If you order your buger cooked medium or more and your yelp review complains about the meat here, then you misunderstand the nature of the hamburger.
5	We ate lunch here New Years Day 2009...after touring the Shark Reef at Mandalay Bay Hotel. I must say this was the best lunch we had in Vegas and one of the best burgers ever. It is pricey but that is because these aren't the nasty McDonald style burgers. These are what I call gourmet burgers. What is so unique about this place is that you get to create your burger by picking the meat, the bun and a variety of toppings...not your basics like lettuce, tomato, pickle but toppings like portabella mushrooms, fried egg, guacamole, etc. We ordered the buffalo Burger on wheat with a fried egg and white american cheese and the grilled chicken on focaccia bread with guacamole, salsa and pepperjack cheese, both of us ordered the sweet potato fries. Every bite was wonderful. It is hard to find a place that serves sweet potatoe fries (which is a favorite of ours)! We also had drinks from the bar. I had washington apple martinis and my husband had long island iced teas...made perfectly. Service was ok...but then again it was VERY busy. We got lucky to find a seat at the bar otherwise we would have had to wait 40 mins for a table at 2pm. Very popular place so either make reservations or go at an very unusual dining time....We still talk about this place and definitely plan to go back next time in Vegas.
5	Kobe burger done medium with swiss and a side of sweet potato fries and a cold beer or two for lunch.  What else do you want for lunch?Even lunch during the week there was a line for groups, so go with a group no more than 4 to avoid the wait (isn't it always 4), there is also a long bar that you can grab a seat at.  The decor: think traditional diner turn the lights down, and throw some wood in place of shiny stuff.The burger came out quickly and done right.  There are several chef burgers for you to choose from but than you can select your bun, your patty of choice, cheese, and any condiment you want.  But think carefully, for me: kobe beef so I went with the swiss because it is lighter in taste but salty and cheesy still, its a kobe buger so don't even think about putting some crazy topping that will overpower the meat.I digress, the service was prompt, the burger was great, the sweet potato fries were good, the beers were cold.  Yeah, I will be back.
5	Not only is the meat good, but it's cooked to perfection.  When you ask for medium rare it's medium RARE.  Good job.
5	GREAT burgers (outside of mine!). I had the buffalo cooked rare ...and served perfect.  My kids had the kobe and it was very good as well, but I preferred the buffalo.  Great sweet potato fries.  Many toppings available and a nice change of pace from all the big, expensive meals we had in Las Vegas.
5	Best Veggie Burger I have ever eaten.  This is not one of those frozen veggie burgers that comes out of a cardboard box; it is a delicious homemade combination.  I ordered mine with spinach, blue cheese, and cranberry sauce, and it was the best.  I will not go to Vegas again without making a visit to the Burger Bar.
5	Best burger in Vegas. Funniest part about my experience at Burger Bar was watching Criss Angel walk out as I was walking in. The best part was the burger, obviously.I order the Kobe burger, medium-rare, with Swiss cheese and a lobster tail. The burger, alone, is the tastiest piece of meat I've ever eaten on a bun. Perfectly cooked, juicy, and delicious. Great, fresh lobster tail, as well. I also love the way Swiss cheese compliments the burger, it was nice for a change.Burger Bar is always on my Hit-List when I'm in Vegas.
3	If you think this is the Best Burger in Vegas, then all I can tell you is, there are at least ten burgers in Vegas that you haven't tried. RM Seafood, Mesa Grill and Simon at Palms Place make the best burgers in Vegas. I know, I've tried about two dozen. Burger Bar's kobe and prime burgers are good but not great. HOWEVER, they do have a very impressive (if not daunting) array of toppings, cheeses, etc options... to take your mind off the meat, perhaps.AND they have a FANTASTIC selection of beers, many very rare...probably the best beer selection in Vegas, and nowadays, there are many places serving some decent beers. Oh, I'm also reliably told they have a crazy variety of milkshakes, though I haven't tried them.
4	You don't necessarily need to get the Kobe beef burger to fully enjoy this place. My grass fed Angus beef burger was outstanding. I kept it simple with the American Burger, but ordered the truffle reduction sauce. I highly recommend either sauces for your burger. My friends got shakes, which were good, but not great.
5	This place has super yummy burgers. I eat there often when in town and find that my favorite burger is their salmon burger, with garlic aioli sauce and tons of sauteed spinach.  Pretty quick service most every time I've been there.  I really dig the personal TV's in each of the booths, makes it easy to watch any game.Would definitely recommend this to anyone who's looking for a semi-quick bite to eat for a pretty affordable price.  One of the good stops to eat at before a show at the House of Blues which is just down the way from it.
4	this place is called burger bar its located in the shopping area of mandalay bay its also near the casino and the minus5degrees barthe minus 5 bar is pretty nutty    its worth checking outwe watched the super bowl there it was tightin the questionairre on yelp it asks for the price cost, if you otder it to go, a burger  can cost you $20 or it can go up $100 if u order the $60 burgerwith sides and beers    u know it starts getting out of hand when u start drinkin....try the following:sweet potato friesamerican kobe beef burger with yr fave toppingsa sampler of 6 tap beers for i believe $14and then hit the room for an immediate massive kush session
4	YAY i'm a fan of the buffalo burger! Who would of thought. I ordered it because it is more lean than regular beef burger & I enjoyed all the toppings i put in it. Some might say it can be dry, but that is how i like my burgers... weird yeah. We had some sweet potato fries, small fries, and fried zucchini, can't go wrong with fried stuff, so no complaints there. Favorite was being able to choose what i wanted on my burger.... downfall, paying extra for the delicious toppings.On a side note, our waitress was great in the beginning but we kinda lost her part way through our meal. kinda irritating, but my burger was still good.
4	I returned again, and again left quite happy.  I love being able to pick from so many toppings on my burger.  I also like having a television playing sports in the booth.  The burgers are growing on me.  I had a twinkie shake as well this time and it was excellent.My only issue is with the ranch sauce.  I requested some for my fries.  It is water thin.  I do not understand why anyone would want that.
3	awesome place! wouldnt have known about it if it wasnt for a friend who yelped for the nearest place to grub with good reviews.  this place is basically a place where you can build your own burger if you dont want the standard.i had the salmon burger, no additional condiments or toppings, and a side of sweet potato fries.  i was a little hesitant ordering it without any sauces because they tell you that it's served dry. but once i got it, the salmon was VERY juicy so no sauce was needed. but then, they also left out the fact that they bring you ranch sauce and mayo with your order any way.i tasted the burger slider and the american angus from the others in my party and they were all pretty good. i'm not a big beef eater so i have no rave reviews about it.  burger sliders with fries - $12salmon burger - $8sweet potato fries - $3american angus - $9not too bad at all. good price for good tasting sandwiches. one of the unique thing about this place is the tv's in each booth so you can change the channel at your booth if you want. also, i can see how this place can get pretty packed because it's not a super big restaurant. it's expected considering it's inside the mall area at mandalay bay.
1	How the flying frickity frackity does this place have 4 stars on over 500 reviews? This place was crap.  We waited over a half hour to get in here and I ate a burger for the first time in over 2 years and I was very very much reminded why I gave up such things.   I figured if I was going to eat a burger after all that time I was going to eat one in a restaurant by the darling Hubert Keller.  After such a memorable Fleur dy Lys experience, we figured we certainly couldn't have a bad burger joint experience.... but we did.The cheese is placed on the burger far too early on the grill, therefore it all melts and slides off, by the time it gets out to the table there's pretty much no cheese.  My bun was soooooo soggy on the bottom that I almost gagged.  The raw onions, flimsy and flavorless, the tomato orange and unripe.   What a disappointment.  My husband was equally disappointed with his fancy burger.  There was nothing that could have gained this place a 2nd star.  Service was shit, even the soda was flat and syrupy.  I'm seriously trying to figure out how our experience was so 1 star compared to all these 3, 4 and 5 star reviews?   What are you all comparing these burgers to?
5	Great Burger~I had the Hubert Keller burger--buffalo with blue cheese, spinach and caramelized onion on ciabatta--is $22 I am a big fan of Buffalo.  With the blue cheese, spinach and caramelized Onion on Ciabatta bread made this burger a Father's Office http://www.yelp.com/biz/fathers-office-los-angeles burger with buffalo.   I LOVE Father's office burger and now I love Hubert Keller's burger!  I really don't know why I like Buffalo burger so much, but I just find them so flavorful and juicy but with texture and not mushy like beef tends to be sometime when it is too juicy.$22 IS a bit overpriced for a burger.  But attaching a name like Hubert Keller is like buying a $2,000 Prada bag if you love good food lol.The restaurant is literally a Burger Bar.  It looks like a kick back sports bar that serves burgers.  There seems to be always a wait to get seated at this restaurant, but if you don't mind sitting at the bar, it's pretty easy to grab a seat since people who sit at the bar are always on the go.Hubert Keller said on Top Chef masters that he serves $5,000 burgers and they people actually order them... I wonder what's in his $5,000 burger!Next time I come here, I want to try building my own burger :) yummy!!!*edit*I made a mistake, his $5000 burger is served at Fleur de Lys, his other restaurant at Mandalay Bay."Created by French chef Hubert Keller, Fleur Burger 5000 Fleur Burger 5000 The Fleur Burger 5000 is a luxury burger served at Fleur de Lys at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay. The Fluer Burger 5000 is made from Kobe beef and topped with black truffles, foie gras, and served on a brioche truffle bun with a special truffle sauce. The burger is served with a bottle of 1990 Chateau Petrus in imported Ichendorf Brunello stemware, which they let you keep.Looking at their menu, some of the appetizers include burgundy escargot with garlic and parmesan gnocchi and smoked salmon raviolis with guacamole. A sample of the entrees include filet mignon with braised oxtail tortellini and slow roasted Alaskan king salmon with a parmesan and herb crust, artichokes, lemon, and capers. The Fleur Burger will set you back $5k, but hey at least they send you a certificate of authenticity and some Italian Ichendorf Brunello stemware."
2	Ho hum ho hum...I had high expectations for this place.But....Service was painfully slow.Tried the Kobe burger, American Class, & BuffaloAll DRY.Overpriced burgers.I never mind paying good money for a good burgerBut....I'm leaning towards - Definitely SKIP this place.
4	Inside Mandalay Bay HotelLove the variety... Lots of choices, so many choices of what to do to your burger. Plenty of choices for folks not interested in meat/beef too. Large portion sizes a Must-Try:  Deep Fried Pickles... Yum! Shakes and FloatsKobe Beef Burger Full-bar and 24 Beers on Tap Including a Large Selection of Imported Beers  The bill can add up quick (bar, appetizers, main course, desert, and Tip), so I wouldn't recommend this place for someone expecting fast food joint prices.  I would rate it between moderate and spendy about $20-$60 per person.Overall fun place to eat, good food, and certainly not your everyday burger! :)
4	The 4 star average for this place is pretty accurate.  Ate here twice during my visit and the overall experience was great.  There's already a ton of reviews so I'll try to keep this short and to the point.The good:- This place can cook a RARE burger. Thank you!- The buns are great.  Crusty and perfect for soaking up all those burger juices.- Great variety of toppings.  There's definately something to be said for getting a burger with exactly what you want on it.- Sweet potato fries were tasty.  Zuicchini fries were just ok, dipped them in ranch which reminded me of fried mushrooms and veggies at other run of the mill restos. (Side note: noticed in other reviews mention of runny ranch, this was not.)The not so good:- Fleur de Lys sauces weren't that great.  Tried 2 and both lacked the flavor to stand up to the rest of the burger.- Music was loud.  I understand going for the "bar" feel, but honestly it was hard to hear our server (or anyone else further than 2 ft from you).Other thoughts:- If you're looking for a plain burger, this may not be your place.  There's really nothing wrong with their burgers, but the thing that makes this place great is the extrordinary toppings.- If you've only had burgers at Chili's or Fudruckers type places, you may want to order your burger one doneness level up from your usual.  Those places notoriously overcook their burgers, so if you're used to their medium rare, it's really more like medium.
5	I got the Rossini. Felt that you had to splurge for it and was it worth it. The foie gras meltsin your mouth and the truffles are the icing on the cake.my onion rings were very crisp. Always a plus.Keller does great with this one. My only complaint. My Rossini came with a dessert burger. It was basically a Krispy Kreme donut with ganace and passion fruit jello. I make a divine ganache and this was just too much. the slice of ganache was so think that it ruined it. too much chocolate and you got a headache.but overall, a great experience and worth the $60 burger expense
4	Went there because I'm a fan of Hubert Keller. My husband and I ate there on a Sunday afternoon during football season. The booths are great because they have TVs in them. The bar also has an adequate amount of TVs to watch any sporting event. The service was good considering how busy they were. Food was excellent.
3	Four of us were looking to have dinner here last week during our last night in Vegas after a trade show ended.  The two hostesses said there would be a 15 minute wait.  I walked to the back and saw two open booths.  They said they were for larger parties.  After a few moments of pleading we got our booth.Burgers were decent although BLT at Mirage is nicer with a better ambiance also.  Burger Bar has a lot of hard surfaces so loud voices were bouncing at us from everywhere.  Decent place at a reasonable price.
5	Me and my friend came here for lunch.  We both had the veggie burgers and she ordered the sweet potato fries.  We both loved our veggie burgers!  They were home-made delicious patties, not the frozen pre-made patties. Yes, we are both very much meat-eaters too, but were feeling guilty after stuffing our gullets at the Wynn buffet the night before.  If I were 10 years younger and 5 pounds lighter, I would have also ordered one of their fabulous malts.  They had quite the selection to choose from!  I kind of regret not getting one now.  Service was fast too.  I would come back here again.
4	I seriously have been dying to try this place after I fell in culinary love with Hubert Keller on Top Chef Masters. To top it off, I met him at SF.Chefs.Food.Wine. and that just made me want to eat here even more! (He is so nice in person!) Ok stopping the blabber, onto the review:one word: HEAVENLY!I got the Kobe Beef Burger (Rare) on a Ciabatta roll with a side of Jalapeno Fried Pickles, pineapple and jack cheese toppings. The burger was done perfect! The meat was melt in your mouth! The pineapple gave it a nice sweetness and the cheese gave it creaminess. The fried pickles were so delish! Pickle spears beer battered with jalapeno for a nice kick-  I wanted to eat more of those babies! (I only got 5) My friends equally agreed that they LOVED their burgers. I tried all their fries (sweet potato, thin, and steak fries) and they were ALL so good!! It's a hefty price tag for a burger but hey, worth every penny while in Vegas!
3	I tried the "Kobe Beef Burger" so me 4 more guys had the same rating, it was a very averaged burger.
4	Just tried Burger Bar last week and loved it.  Prices are a bit steep for burgers and fries and there was a 45 min. wait on a week night, but it was a nice little treat!   Everything on the menu is completely customizable - you pick your meat, type of bun, toppings and fries.  It ends up being about $12+ for your meal (depending on what you choose).  They also have a really cool "burger" dessert menu (donut buns with dessert stuff on the inside) - most of those run about $5.  The atmosphere is very upscale bar-like, with little TVs in each booth.I had the Turkey Burger on Wheat with Skinny Fries and it was the tastiest turkey burger I've ever eaten!  I can't remember what kind of burger the boyfriend had, but I did try some of his Zucchini Fries and wish I would have ordered them, instead of the Skinny Fries.
5	This is one of the best places I've been in Vegas, and considering I've been there four times, that's saying something.  This restaurant was more my vibe than most.  Tons of delicious beer on tap really won me over, and the burgers definitely helped.  Considering this was one of the cheapest meals in Vegas, I was surprised it was so satisfying.My boyfriend and I loved this place so much that we went two nights in a row.  The first night I had a buffalo burger with caramelized onions, avocado and pepperjack cheese on a whole wheat bun.  The burger was cooked perfectly and was juicy and delicious.  The next night, I had a turkey burger with caramelized onions, pesto and mozzarella.  Yet again, the burger was absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly.I love everything about this place, but mostly I love the "choose your own burger" experience and the delicious, delicious beer.
4	Great Yelp discovery in Vegas.. the service was terrible because we kept being passed from one server to another and finally couldn't find anyone to request a check for 15mnts before we went up to the hostess. The veggie burger was actually pretty good - it was homemade with mushroom, bread, rice and some other vegetables. We had it on the onion bun and liked our combo. Also, the veggie burger was only $9 (unlike some of the $22-24 burgers in some reviews here). We did try the sweet potato fried and definitely lived up to its hype. We also indulged with a Nutella milkshake but with vanilla icecream (it comes with chocolate icecream otherwise) and liked it lots. I'd say if in the area, try it out. Not something to make a trip for though.
3	This place is located inside the Mandalay Hotel and we were staying at the Venetian and we decided to walk to burger bar not knowing how far it was. The walk was astronomicallllllyyyy far and I thought to myself that no burger was worth this s-word. And for a minute, I could of sworn the hotel was moving further and further away from us. But we finally got there, and all of us ordered our food. I didn't know you can fry pickles which is super delicious btw. I had the black angus beef with bacon and grilled onions and it was amazing. From what I heard, it's the same as the Kobe Beef Burger for half the price. But  do you know what also was amazing? meeting Sam Worington from Avatar, thats what! He walked by our table and he was extremely humble and was nice enough to take a picture and signed some autograph. sooo in retrospect, the walk was totally worth it!! =)
4	Okay, its a bit pricey but its VEGAS BABY!Its fresh ground meat that has no soy additives, preservatives or filler.I was recovering from an evening of WHOO HOO and needed some protein that wasn't covered in grease or had mystery "cheese food" on it.Two people ordered the mini slider plates and said they were the best burgers they have ever had! I had the turkey burger with carmelized onions, cranberry sauce and blue cheese on an onion bun...and MAN, that was one hang-over cure!Another friend who embraces the "stinky cheese", had the Hubert Keller Burger and his only complaint was there needed to be MORE of the blue cheese (but he's an over-the-top kind of guy anyway). The skinny fries and the sweet potatoe fries were just heavenly....I didn't order my own, but scrounged off other people b/c I didn't think they would be as wonderful as they were....my loss...We were all full, but the Chocolate Burger sounded all kinds of yummy, so we just ordered one to have a little taste...I wish I had ordered my own....I am dedicated to now try making my own at home for a special b.b.q. party this summer! It was to die for chocolate-y and the presentation delightful.The bill for five people, with a couple of alcoholic drinks each, tax and tip was a respectable $120. Being as it was a late lunch, i didn't need dinner later so it really was a good deal.Some reviewers have said that its very noisy, but we found it just pub-like: a constant, gentle murmur with sudden peaks of laughter and clinking, but not obtrusive or a detriment to conversation. But that could have been b/c of the very cosy booth having such tall backs.I would go there again in a flash. MacDonald's lovers please try some real burger for a change!
5	Recently visited the burger bar while in Vegas, just to try the vegan burger. It was delicious! Piles of grilled veggies, and yummmmy fries! It's great to know that there are a few places in vegas that care to offer something great for thier vegan or vegetarian patrons!Next time Im in Vegas, I'm coming here again for my first meal!Oh, amazing beer selection too!!
4	During my visit in November I had to try this place.  I am a big fan of Chef Keller and I had to check out the burgers for myself.  It's not a McDonalds and nor is the price.  I guess you can say this is a gourmet burger bar....(literally).  Casual sports burger bar is what I would call it....nothing fufu about it!  A fun place to check out for lunch!This is located in Mandalay Bay inside the shopping mall strip side.  We went for lunch or right before noon and we were lucky to get a seat right away.  I noticed as we were leaving the line started getting long to get seated.Very juicy burgers.....there are plenty of selections to choose from.  I think there even was an option for chicken and salmon.  I opted for making my own burger with toppings I wanted and it was one of the best burgers I have tasted and I'm not a big burger fan.  Oh, the sweet potato fries are great for sides so don't forget those next to your yummy burgers.Whenever I think about visiting Las Vegas I think about how I'm going to squeeze in a trip to the Burger Bar for my next burger experience!
4	Came here with the Mister and his burger alone was $40! That's because he got all crazy with Kobe Beef and added lobster tail, foie gras and all the other expensive toppings, lol. My burger alone came out to around $20 (Compared to the Counter or Slater's in LA/OC, my burger would have been around $15) so not bad for Vegas food!---------------------------------------------------Turkey on Ciabatta - $8.50Baby Spinach - $0.80Avocado - $1.55Peppers - $0.95Caramelized Onions - $0.95Fried Egg - $1.95Chili - $3.00Chipotle Aioli - $0.45Bacon - $1.15---------------------------------------------------The food was good, but the wait was forever! They told us it would take an hour to get a table but it felt like two, and that's because it was two hours until we were finally seated! And I swear the hostess skipped us because when I had approached her and asked how much longer it would take, she gave me a shocked look and said, "Uh...right now" - how convenient that right when I asked, a table was available. Oh well.
5	I'll make this simple...-Great perfectly cooked burgers (I've had the Kobe and Buffalo so far)-Great soft buns.-Great sides-Great Beer Selection.-lots of great topping for the burgers.In short, if I could only have a burger from one place for the rest of my life it would be here at the Burger Bar.Oh and for people who complain about the wait you are all IDIOTS.  There is a wait because it's good.  If you are only concerned about being seated quickly and getting your food then just go to McDonalds.
5	over 600 reviews & counting....a new one was jus built in sf n never have time to go....why not not fly down to vegas n try it lol....this burger bar should be the standard for all burger bar locations...i walked in the joint & in every seating area had lil tv monitors playin espn....tooo bad we were the unlucky ones to sit in the middle of the chaos & foot traffic...as my reviews on certain foods here on yelp get more & more descriptive i start to ask myself am i becoming a food snob~i never would have thought that i would become a burger snob or even pay $17 for a kobe burger.....but i did here hahahha....kobe beef/medium rare~that juicy burger jus melted in my mouth...it was my first time ever tasting that type of beef...lil shroom/cheddar action to accomodate the taste...& the menu has alot of choices if u really wanna get in depth wit yo burger....so many types of bacon~cheese~toppings...its sucha burger lovers wet dream...ill for sure visit the sf location...
3	This was my 1st meal after landing in Vegas recently. Keep in mind, I was starving. But it still wasn't that great. If there's food left on my plate, I'm sorry but you didn't cut it for me. At least we didn't have a wait =) It was actually a lot of fun going with a big group, seeing what everyone chose to customize their burgers with. We also each ordered a different side so we got to sample all the delicious fried varieties. I think the sweet potato fries were my favorite. I think I got the country patty, or something. It was dry and a tad overcooked. Choose wisely..
5	I walked into this place thinking ok, such a tourist trap, 45 min wait, awful design, and basically inside a mall inside a mega-hotel: this place has got to be overrated.God damnit, it wasn't. It was absolutely wonderful. All I'm talking about is my burger. I've decided to forgo the typical review of atmosphere, appetizers, drinks, etc because the burger was just THAT good. My friend and I split the Kobe Burger with a thin layer of aoili, provolone, carmelized onions, and the winning topping, as always, a fried egg. Cooked medium-rare, aka to perfection, this burger was everything one dreams about. Melty-cheesy-juicy, full of flavor, oh my gosh. It's 9:30am. I want one right now!If only we hadn't split it and had each paid $20 for these burgers... but unfortunately that's kiiiiinda a lot for a burger so $10 each for such a life-changing experience was alright by me.
5	One of the best burgers I've had in Vegas, hands down. We had a bit of a wait (~15 minutes) before being seated, but it wasn't too bad. You can hang out in the middle of the mall and people watch until your buzzer goes off. The place feels kind of cramped once you're in there. At least it did for us. We were in a table in the middle, between the bar and some booths, but who's complaining? It's Vegas, and if you don't like crowds it sucks to be you.A quick pitcher of beer set the dinner off right and we followed it up with a couple burgers (it IS the Burger Bar) that were cooked exactly the way we ordered them. My wife likes hers medium and I'm a burnt to a crisp kind of guy, which usually means one of us gets hosed. But not this time!The shakes were awesome, too!
4	One mean burger. Great quality and lots of options. cool atmosphere too. I loved the deep fried dill pickles.
5	Such good burgers.  The other reviewers do not lie.Don't let the prices on the menu - especially the nickel-and-diming for additional condiments - fool you.  You may pay $20 or more for your burger, but you're getting a burger that's worth more than that.  Your Inner Deliciousness Accountant will balance the books and nod approvingly.As if being a quality burger joint weren't enough, they have a surprising selection of craft beers available.  I was not expecting to find Dogfish Head IPA on the menu three time zones out of Delaware.  I went with the Fat Tire Ale, though - highly recommended.  I liked it so much, in fact, I drank six more the next evening, BUT THAT'S A STORY FOR ANOTHER TIME.And in case I haven't made it clear: yes, the $16.00 Kobe Beef burger is worth it.Protip: tourists, this is a bit of a walk.  Once you get in the front door of Mandalay Bay, you still have to walk through the casino to its attached shopping mall, Mandalay Place, and circle halfway around.  Do not let the Urban Outfitters and LUSH outlets fool you - this is not a mall diner.  This is the velvet rope of burgers.
3	As a lover of burgers, I have to say that I was pretty disappointed with the Keller burger (bison on ciabatta).  I ordered it medium rare, in case you're curious.  It was well cooked.  It just didn't taste all that great.  And the bun doesn't work.  I think it would fare better with a brioche or pretzel bun.   Others at my table ordered the more traditional burger, which I thought was a little better.  Maybe it was the level of expectation I had, but I was disappointed.  I've had much better offerings at 25 Degrees, The Counter, and Father's Office.  Thumbs up on the sweet potato fries, but a no-go on the onion rings and steak fries.  Now about the good.  Excellent service.  The banana split with the caramelized banana - I can't complain about that!  Each booth has its own TV with ESPN.  Just wish the burgers were better!  Sorry chef Keller.  I liked you best on Top Chef Masters.
4	burger bar is definitely one of the better tasting, casual eateries on the strip. if you eat moderate proportions, you can easily split the burger and still be completely satisfied. will most certainly come back.
5	I'm leaving Vegas a big fan of the burger bar.  I had the buffalo burger with a bunch of my own custom fixings with a nice tall glass of beer.  Oh and the beer....they have about a million different options from all over the world.  Meal for two people....2 burgers, 2 beers, 1 side was about $45, which for Vegas is a steal.  Atmosphere is cool and the waitstaff was very attentive.  I'll be visiting again for sure.
4	Second time here:Buffalo Burger medium rare w/pepperjack cheese and skinny friesThe food was great. They brought out my sister's burger and said they forgot to put my order in. Then the manager came over and apologized. I had to wait about 10 mins for my food. I felt that they could have offered me a free refill on my beer or a free dessert. That is why I only gave them 4 stars.The first time I was here was back in 2006. The menu was different back then. I ordered the American Kobe Burger ($16). It was really good. My friend ordered the Kobe/Foie Gras/Truffle Burger ($60). I was half way through and my friend made me take a bite of her $60 burger. It was effin of the hook!! After that...my burger did not taste so good. LOL
5	My husband and I love going to Burger Bar.  There is always a wait, but that's just because it's really good!  On my most recent visit, I tried the buffalo burger on a whole wheat bun, and it was delicious!  I've had the Kobe and the black Angus burgers as well, and they are fabulous, too.  The skinny fries are always amazing.  My husband always orders the beer sampler-- they have a great selection on tap, and the sampler offers generous portions of any beers you wish to try.  My recommendation is that you get there a little early-- you'll probably have a 30-minute wait at about 6 on a Saturday, but if you get there later, you'll be waiting a while.  Oh, and bring a hearty appetite!
2	Been here 2-3 times, our friends dad is a high roller so everything is comped. Tried just about everything on here and the food is great, i would give it about 4 stars. The manager here is a douche bag. Went a while back and there were about 5 of us. The service was great and we got a pitcher of new castle. The beer was a little flat so we talked to the waiter about it (we still had most the pitcher left and barely even drank what we poured) he was nice about it and talked to the manager on duty. The manager was some late 20's/early 30's Asian guy (not being racist, my friends and I are all Asian). He comes up and has a pompous attitude right off the bat and starts asking us if we are avid new castle drinkers and if we drink from bottle or tap. In the end he says its supposed to taste a little flat.Pretty sure New castle on tap isn't going to be flat while in beer it is bubbly. Regardless of the fact the guy was a total grade A douche bag. The waiter apologized and even agreed the boss was pretentious. I have never gone back and never will.
4	Came here on a Monday afternoon around 2:30 and were seated right away. Not packed, but not dead. The hostess was on the phone when we walked up and was telling someone that it is recommended to make a reservation, although not required.Our waitress was so nice. I had a phone call that I had to take while our food was being prepared and while I was outside the restaurant, she actually came and let me know that the food was on the table. She also checked in with us every so often to make sure that everything was good.I really like how you can basically build your own burger. I got the regular burger (medium) with American cheese, avocado, and bacon on a whole wheat bun. Bacon was crispy, but everyone seems to like it that way so I should've asked to have it a little bit on the softer side. Burger was cooked perfectly.C got the buffalo burger (medium) with sprouts, cucumber, and bacon on an onion bun. Burger was cooked to order. The cucumber slices were HUGE.We both got the sweet potato fries, which were good (as usual).I could only eat half of my burger (I wasn't very hungry), so the waitress brought out a doggy bag to take with us. She delivered the doggy bag and the check quickly and we were in and out within an hour.I will definitely go back if I have the chance. Just wish it was a little closer to the center of the strip!
4	Yum... Kobe burger cooked perfect (can add any topping, for $) Fries hot and crispy. Pitcher of beer ice cold. Went on a Satuday afternoon. It was crowded but not over packed.The wait was less than 5 mins. Staff was friendly.
4	I am in love with the sweet potato fries!  I ordered the slider which came with 3 different mini burgers (one of them is the buffalo burger).  The portions were just right for me and I got to try three of the special burgers.  The buffalo stood out the most, not only because it was buffalo meat, but it was the juiciest of the three.  The food is pricey but it's worth trying.
5	I went her again last night before the John Mayer concert.  I was blown away with how great the buffalo burger was, make sure you get it no more than medium.  They have also upped the beer selection!
4	Has alot if choices on the menu, even if your a vegetarian. Food is good, but honestly that should be expected here in Vegas. Good for a nice somewhat cheap lunch.
2	I keep reading these reviews that state that the Burger Bar has BLT gustatively defeated... and I just couldn't resist contributing my two (no doubt significant & highly influential) cents.After my first experience at the Burger Bar, I never wanted to go back. I ordered the sliders while the boy ordered the Kobe. I may have erred with the sliders, but they were so dry and tough...... no place should ever offer them on the menu if they so epically failed at making them. The boy's Kobe was alright, but it hardly balanced out the ick of the unsavory sliders.
5	I came here a couple days ago while on vacation and it's not one of the pricier places in Vegas, but definitely tasty! My boyfriend started with red chimay beer & I had the veev? lemonade (alcoholic). I liked that they had a selection of beers I'm not familiar with on tap/bottle. Then he ordered the sliders because it was recommended by the bartender and I ordered off the build-your-own-burger menu and had the American beef (don't remember the exact name) with mozarrella cheese & avocado (tomato, lettuce, and a pickle included) on ciabatta bread with a side of sweet potato fries. Mm, everythinggg was delicious. And my boy's sliders had bacon in one of the sliders and WOW, the bacon was so so so good. Hahaa, I'm such a fattie. I would definitely hit this palce up again if I'm ever in town :D
3	Choosing to have our last meal here and pretty stoked about it I wondered, did i miss something? Was I supposed to be blown out of the water? Sadly, I hadn't and really really wanted to. I fell for the hype pre Hubert Keller Top Chef association.I have to say our large party had a good variety of burgers to nom on including a salmon burger, buffalo, portabello. However my choice of going with the Kobe beef burger was, eh, just okay. It wasn't dry but flavorless. I've had better burger's elsewehere. Points for their beer selection, quick seating and their fries- crisp, nicely seasoned with your choice of dipping sauce. You can't go wrong with their aioli.
3	Took the $10 cab ride down to Mandalay to stick some of Hubert Keller's red meat in my mouth.The wifey and I stumbled onto this place about two years ago, before everyone knew who Hubert Keller was, before Top Chef, before it turned into a herpes-ridden-french whore. And I'm not talking about the waitresses.Time for a second visit... I say yes...Walked into the Mandalay... If you've screwed a shark in the face, you've gone too far. Once we actually found the place again, we walked right in for a late 10pm Vegas dinner.Drinks?  Tons of beer to tantalize, but I was already three Jameson's in, so let's stick to it.  So I ordered another one.  Waitress brings it and I thought it was Vodka.  This shit was so watered down it was a joke.  If I was just there for drinks I would of donkey-punched the shit out of the bar tender and wrote "Suck it Vegas" on his forehead.... But, I didn't.  I don't fuck with people who can fuck with my food.  And since we didn't order yet, I didn't want to get my burger finger fucked by a pissed-off bar tender.  Meaning, this restaurant isn't nice enough to send shit back.  Some places, you just have that gut-feeling that someone will Ryan Reynolds the shit out of your food. So, I sipped my water with a splash of Jameson, and got down to business.The wifey ordered the American Classic.  It was good. Not mind-blowing, just good. The regular fries were tasty.  Especially dipped in mayo.  You know what they say, "When in France."I got the Angus beef, fried egg, bacon, cheddar cheese.  My creation.  They should call it the Heart Attack Breakfast Burger. Yup.  It was fucking good.  Well worth the trip. Then again, if you put bacon and a fried egg on a donkey dick, I would eat that too.Overall, I would go back... I would just order a beer with my burger.
2	I would rather have Carl's Jr or Fuddruckers....Don't waste your time here and head to Stripburger in Fashion Show Mall or LBS Burger at Red Rock Casino, both vastly superior. Haven't had BLT burger but that's next on my list. Ate here 3 times trying to find out what the fuss was about, all 3 times my burger was overcooked. The sweet potato fries, great variety of toppings & sides don't make up for the overpriced menu, meh burgers and lackadaisical service. No clue what the positive reviewers see in this place.
3	Stopped by while in town for a concert.  Heard a lot of really good things about it and love Hubert Keller.  I got the Hubert burger which was pretty darn good.  Overall I liked it a lot, but feel that the gourmet burger deal is done better at a few places and for cheaper.  It would have been 4 stars or higher if the prices were a little cheaper.  Definitely a fun place to go though.
3	I'll have to go here again for a followup, but I'd say it was overall good but not great.  I think we were there at 9:30 or 10 PM.  I forgot exactly when because I had already had quite a bit to drink.  Maybe I was already kinda drunk.  Maybe.  Took us about a 15 minute wait to get a table for 10 people.  We ended up wandering around the area and going to that overpriced sock store close to there.I played it safe and got the All-American Burger.  Perhaps it was TOO safe.  It was good but it wasn't too remarkable.  Our table also ordered some pitchers of beer- I think I had some of the Hef.  I don't remember drinking that much and I think it was just alright. Props to their sweet potato fries though- they were pretty good.  They also serve the lettuce, tomatoes, onions and pickles on the side too so I think ate a lot of pickles from the pickle haters at my table.  That's always a plus for me.
3	This bar is short of another star because of the service. It took a while to get seated, maybe because there was 10 of us. When we got seated, it took a pretty long time for the server to take our orders. My friend and I joked that they are going to get 18% gratuity anyways, hence the crappy service.Otherwise, the food was great. My friend and I decided to split our meal because we had buffet earlier plus it was already late at night. We ordered the chicken hawai'ian burger; we told the server we were splitting. So when our order arrived, we had separate plates each with our own half of the burger with almost a plate full of the sweet potato fries. So as far as the burger, my friend and I didn't expect it to be really tasty. I was surprised that chicken would taste really good with the sweet sauce that comes with any hawai'ian burger. The sweet potato fries was bomb! I couldn't stop eating them... I was glad my friend and I split the meal because we had the same amount of fries that folks ordered individually.
5	Finally! A place that knows how to make a delicious veggie burger! It's sometimes difficult me to eat at restaurants, especially those known for their meat dishes, but Burger Bar was fantastic! And their "Sin City" beer, comparable to AmberBock, was refreshing and perfectly complimented our meal.
5	Amid all of the Las Vegas glitz, glamor, and fancy restaurants, Burger Bar delivers the best Kobe Beef Burger. They offer the most trimmings I have ever seen including truffles. My favorite combinations are blue cheese and bacon and portebello mushroom with lettuce and tomato. Their sweet potato fries are in line with the rest of Burger Bar's excellence. While it is little more under the radar among the Celebrity Chef restaurants in Vegas, it is a must visit for both locals and tourists alike.
5	I was really worried I gotta admit from some of the review but I came here anyway today and had the Rossini $60 burger.I can tell you it's a combination of greasy, fatty flavors that I've never had before.  You HAVE to salt it and add black crushed peppercorns AND the sauce they give you and I promise you it is the most extravagent burger (if you can even call it that at this point) you'll ever have.  My wife had the surf & turf burger with lobster and asparagus...A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.Now that's it's over it all was totally worth the bill.  Don't buy this stuff if your strapped for cash...it's skews your opinion too much.  Come and eat this if the prices don't scare you and you'll think it's the best lunch you've ever had.  Period.
4	Food - You cannot beat the burgers here. They are awesome. if you are going to get the Kobe Burger make sure you get it medium or less, if not you are just wasting your money. I had the peppercorn burger and it was good. I like pepercorns and the cracked pepper flavor. Very unique tasting sauce. Chipotle aioli was just ok. Milkshakes are very expensive, I think it was $8.50 and up. I had the Nutella milkshake and it was awesome. Next time I want to try the $60.00 burger (kobe, foix grois,mushrooms and truffles). It looks really good. I am not sure if it is worth it. Oh yeah...add a fried egg to your burger if you can...it adds flavor. Sweet potato fries!!!!! Enough said!Service - Aside from the stuck up bitches at the hostess stand. Especially the one with a tattoo on her arm. Service was prompt and friendly.  Our waitress was very nice and helpful. Place -Very casual scene. They have TVs in the booths. A bit tight when it is crowded. In between Mandalay and Luxor...Parking is a drag. Unless you are going to Valet by the escalators but if you want my recommendation...do not valet.
4	Awesome burgers and great brews. Try the Rochefort 6, a great Belgian beer that I'll be looking for in the future.
3	Burger Bar expected more, but got less... My friend and I split two burgers so that we could taste a little of each. Customized Buffalo Burger w/Pepper Jack Cheese, Jalapeno Bacon, chipotle aoli on a wheat bun and a side of fried pickles encrusted with jalapenos. +Jalapeno bacon was awesome.. very tasty now if i only could find some in LA Chef Burger - Blackjack Burger - (Black Angus, monterey jack, tapanade, tomato, lettuce on a ciabatta bun) This burger was alright... here's my problem though, when it comes to burgers I believe that the toppings should compliment the flavors of the hamburger not be where the majority of the flavor comes from. The burger wasn't seasoned well or the flavor of the beef just wasnt there.In the future, if i were here to go again, first I would not go unless there was no wait because they do not take reservations. Secondly, I'm fine with paying $35 for a burger and what not BUT it better be worth my money which it wasn't. Thirdly, maybe this is why I like to adventure off the strip and not eat over hyped food.
2	My boyfriend and I were excited to visit Hubert Keller's Burger Bar in the Mandalay Place after Keller's appearance on Top Chef Masters. My boyfriend customized a Natural Burger(?) with Swiss cheese and portabella mushroom on a wheat bun with a side of onion rings, while I customized my Kobe Burger with mozzarella, caramelized onions, and garlic aioli on a sesame bun, and I got mine with a side of sweet potato fries.Now, don't get me wrong. These were good burgers. But there was nothing more to it. They were good, but not exceptional. We were expecting in-your-face goodness but the burgers certainly failed to meet that expectation, considering the chef's reputation. Quite honestly, Umami in LA has better burgers; the patties are incredibly juicy at Umami. For what the Burger Bar is charging, i.e. anywhere from $10 ~ $16 for a burger that comes with fries, or $16~$21 customized burger and sides, they need to do better than what they are serving now. The only things that were memorable were the garlic aioli and the onion rings; other than that, I would consider this place as "been there, done that" and something that I have checked off my list, but do not expect to visit again.
2	We walked from venetian to mgm and then to burger bar (basically all the way down the strip) so by the time we got there I was starving! (-)- 17 bucks for my kobe beef burger. - adding avocado cost 1.55 (ridiculous) for three small slices- burger came and they forgot to add avocado to mine. - inconsistent medium rare patties, some were really pink in the middle, some looked well done(+)-sweet potato friesMy burger was good, I didn't think it was anything special and not worth 17 bucks. Service was ok, I dont know if it was the waitresses fault I didn't get the avocado or if it was the kitchen. It also took forever to flag the waitress down and get a pen for our credit card stuff.  For the 24 bucks I paid in total I'd rather have spent it on gambling or the wynn buffet.
3	when i first heard about this place on food network i gave it a try and it was good..but after that the 2-3rd time sucked, the food didn't taste the same and the price was pretty to high sorry burger bar but BLT at the mirage kicks your butt hands down
4	Really really good burger. Tried the Kobe w/ blue cheese & grilled onions. Wow--it was YUM. Great beer selection, too.
2	Extremely. Utterly. Disappointed. We went to Fleur De Lys the night before and LOVED it. I was so looking forward to the Burger bar (what with the reputation of the $5000 burger and all) but was left totally unsatisfied. I had the peppercorn burger, medium temperature. When the burger came out, the meat was literally raw in the middle. I asked the waitress if they could just heat it up a touch, I like my burger pink, not raw. She said no problem and returned with a well done patty. *sigh*. there goes my $20 on a burger. The patty was overcooked, the peppercorn sauce was so mild that I couldn't taste it with my overcooked burger. All in all it was just such a disappointment. And quite honestly, while I'm certain that the ingredients were top notch, taste-wise, I've had much better at much lower prices. 2 Stars.
2	The Burger Bar is a solid burger place and a good option for a burger on the strip.I had a buffalo burger, which was cooked well.  The meat was lean (as it should have been) and tasty.  The zucchini fries were super crispy and not soggy at all, and sweet potato fries were perfection.It was expensive, though, for a good, but not phenomenal, burger.  All in, we each paid $20 each before tip & tax.  I would have been just as satisfied with In-N-Out, and about $15 up.
5	Best burger I've ever had.  Don't let the location fool you.  This is not a "mall" place.  Once you get past that and into the fun ambiance inside, you will see how great Burger Bar is!  I could not decide on the personalized burgers, so I had the Hubert Keller Burger: buffalo meat, carmelized onions, blue cheese & spinach on ciabatta.  It was excellent!  Next time I will need to study the menu beforehand!  My boyfriend loved his burger and raved about it to our friends the next day-- not something he normally does.  I had a bite of his and the jalapeno bacon is awesome!  We arrived around 9:30 and it wasn't too busy, so we just waited about 15 minutes.  The service was excellent.  Our water was right on top of things and we had other servers checking in as well.  Probably some of the best service I've had in a casual restaurant!  Oh yeah, there is a HUGE bar with a zillion beers on tap (I'm not a beer drinker) and hard alcohol too.  Next time I definitely will try a fried egg on my burger!!!
4	Note: Try on clothes at neighboring stores BEFORE eating here. Or else you won't fit into those cute pants in the window you had your eyes on.With that being said, Burger Bar is a fun experience when you're in Vegas. It's in the midst of the hotel/shopping area, so if you're going for a quick bite this is kind of inconvenient. Make an attraction out of it, visit the hotel and go shopping so parking & walking here is worth it.The table backs are high for privacy, so the next table won't see how big of a slob you are when the waitress brings your 10 ton burger and you drip 5 tons of it onto your lap.Totally customizable, if you're not gonna drink alcohol then try one of their shakes (maybe with alcohol IN it? just a thought. hey its Vegas!) and their side items.Here was my first time concoction..- wheat bread- turkey burger- bbq sauce- jalapeno bacon (yum!)- and a fried eggIf that doesn't say fat kid, I don't know what does.
5	My favorite casual restaurant in Vegas!!  Great burger selection and a fun atmosphere.
4	Visited twice on successive nights. The first night I had the kobe burger, then the second the herman keller. The kobe was nice, but I didn't get the feeling that it had been pampered with fresh beer! The herman keller buffalo burger was very melt in the mouth. I ordered it medium rare, but it turned up pretty rare. Seems like they err on the rare side here. Beer selection was fantastic, with a good range of belgian as well as american beers. I had a delerium noel yesterday, which was awesome. Like the delerium tremens, but smoother and sweeter. Might have been the last bottle, but they've got plenty more.
1	I have been to a lot of these new fancy burger places and this place stands out as being the most expensive and the worst to boot.  It wasn't that tasty and was way expensive, we spent 70 bucks pre tip on 2 burgers, one soda, one beer, and one split fried zuccinni.  Granted I got a surf and turf burger, it was a burger with half a lobster tale on it but it still would have been like 60 if I got a regular burger.  Plus the lobster was so overcooked you couldn't bite it with the burger, it sounds way better than it was.   Both burgers we had were under seasoned and nothing special, which sucks for 20 something a piece and they are served a la cart with no fries.
5	is there anything more glorious than a well-crafted burger? Why yes, a well-crafted burger with whatever the hell you want to plop, drop, dump, or slather on top, paired with a damn good milkshake, preferably with some alcohol added. My burger of choice was angus with grilled lobster tail, chipotle aioli, bacon, and avocado on an onion bun....with a coffee/Bailey's milkshake concoction thingy whose name escapes me. damn good though. And for dessert I had the tasting of 5 beer floats...5 different beers each paired with their own scoop of ice cream. Been done before of course, but 5 ways...and they were a nice size too....30 oz worth total. When you come to vegas you will come here, because I command you.
1	I ate here on May 1, 2010, and it suuuuuucked!  Our appetizer came 30 minutes after our entrees.  The waitress disappeared "on a break" an no one bothered to check on us for half an hour.  I orderedthe $60 Rossini burger, thinking it would be awesome.  It was terrible. I ordered it cooked medium, and the beef was so raw it had the consistency of pudding.  I had a stomach ache for 2 days.  The presentation was awful.  It looked like it was made the previous day. And so oily I almost needed a spoon.  Don't eat here.
3	I'm a lover of Top Chef Masters and Top Chef in general, so when I saw that Hubert Keller had a menu favorite burger, I had to take a shot.  Spinach and blue cheese on a burger, I mean, could he really marry these ingredients on top a buffalo burger?First off, let me preface this by saying that perhaps my palate isn't refined enough to appreciate this particular marriage of ingredients.  With that said, I thought the blue cheese was overpowering and the spinach gave the burger an unusually mushy texture to what was an slightly adventurous attempt at a traditional American flavor.  So, onto something more positive.  The buffalo meat was red and flavorful, when the taste of blue cheese wasn't overpowering.  Also, I had a piece of my friend's Kobe Beef Burger which was the complete opposite as far as ingredients, clean, simple and flavorful.All in all, I think HK's burger was just a bit too complicated and may have worked for some, just not me.  Everyone else seemed thoroughly satiated with their meals, a Hawaiian burger and Kobe, so would I recommend coming back? Perhaps. $20 a burger is a pretty steep price, but nothing a trip to the craps table couldn't fix.Btw, if you're thinking about getting that $500 burger+champagne at the fleur de lys in SF, a note from our waitress: try out the $60 at the Burger Bar which is basically the same thing, just w/o that champagne pairing.  Au Revoir!
3	Great little spot. Bison sliders were a hit and it was definitely enough food to keep a hungry guy happy for at least a few hours. The waitress was cool as hell, and hot to boot. Had the suicide girls thing going on with tats and all. We were a party of 7 and our high roller decided to go with the $60 burger. He said it was good but wouldn't get it again. Another of our party lit up a cigarette and one of the bus boys came over and pretty rudely told her to put it out. I see where the guy was coming from but the attitude was unnecessary.Shakes with alcohol were very appealing. Someone at my table got one and said it was delicious so that's something on my list next time I head to vegas.
5	It's not really fair to compare the Burger Bar to other Burger places. Only on the Strip in Vegas can you blow $25 on a burger and not really care. It's actually a good value, considering that's only 1 hand of black jack for most people. I guarantee you'll enjoy this burger way more than that one hand of black jack. The Burger bar is celebrity chef, Hubert Keller's creation. He has a few of his own burger combinations on the menu, or you can build your own from extensive options. I actually wish that Hubert Keller would have more of his own burgers on there. There are only like 6 listed on the menu. I like creating my own, but hey you are the famous chef, dazzle me. I've been there a couple of times, so I can report on a few different burgers. I highly recommend the Surf 'n Turf burger. I'm not sure it says on the menu, but I think all the burgers are 1/2 lb. They are nice and thick. The Surf 'n Turf is Black Angus Beef, topped with a 1/2 grilled lobster tail, and grilled asparagus on a plain bun. Because I believe all burgers should come with cheese, I had them add provolone to it. Now pay attention to this next part, because I believe I have improved on Hubert Keller's creation. Order some pesto and mayo on the side. Mix it together and use this as a sauce. Yum, you'll never have a burger like that anywhere else. You can choose different types of meat for your burger. After trying a Kobe burger on this last visit, from now on that's the only way I will go. It's about $7 more for a Kobe beef burger than the Black Angus, but it's so juicy that it melts in your mouth. The Kobe beef is actually American Kobe, so it's not crazy expensive like the real Japanese Kobe. American Kobe is a hybrid between Black Angus and Japanese Wagyu beef. It has the highest marbling of any beef in the United States, and is as fine as you can get without importing actual Japanese Wagyu beef. You also get to pick from 5 different buns and about 45 different toppings. Toppings are as plain as American cheese and are as fancy as pan-seared foie gras. Just so I could try 2 burgers on this last visit, I cut them in half and shared them with my brother. Burger number 1 was a do it yourself Kobe burger. We agreed on provolone cheese, caramelized onions, sauteed oyster mushrooms, on an onion roll. Had the burger medium rare. The result was such a juicy burger that you didn't need any mayo, ketchup, or any other sauce. Just the natural juices of the burger with the toppings was perfection. Burger number 2 was new on the menu since the last time I ate there. It's called the Hubert Keller Burger. The menu says it's his favorite. It's a buffalo burger with blue cheese, caramelized onions, sauteed baby spinach, aoli, on a ciabatta bun. I think the buffalo had the least amount of fat of all their burgers, as such I found it wasn't as juicy. I was expecting it to maybe have some different kind of flavor, but it didn't. It could have just been lean ground beef. It's also the same price as the Kobe, so unless you are trying to be healthy, go with the Kobe. The blue cheese was kind of medium, which wasn't a bad thing. A very strong blue would have over powered everything. Of the 3 I've had so far, it was my least favorite, but still good. The fries were ok, but the buttermilk zucchini fries, were excellent. Got those with a ranch dipping sauce. They have some dessert "burgers" on the menu that I must try sometime. They use a donut for a bun and have fillings like cheesecake and grilled pineapple for example. It's so hard to save room for them though, perhaps they deserve their own visit.
5	Love of my life, you are not a person. You come in the form of a burger. And you reside here, so very far away from me. ::Single tear::This was the last place I ate during my first trek to Sin City, and what a way to end the trip. The menu is fantastically huge, with all kinds of goodies to pile onto your Burger. And when I say "your burger", it truly becomes YOUR burger, because you make it what you want. Care for some chipotle aioli? Go for it. More of a grilled onion person? Be my guest? Oh, no, you say you want CARAMELIZED onions instead? They have those too! I mean, portabellos, spinach, fried egg, bacon.... peanut butter?? So many different reason I need to get back there.It's a shame that my tummy and pain threshold are not as strong as I would like them to be, otherwise I would have added one of the yummy-sounding milkshakes to my order as well. What's so special about a milkshake? Well, the fact that they have a list of shakes with alcohol in them is pretty friggin' special to me, so back off. :)Perfectly done, medium Angus beef with Swiss cheese, sprouts, avocado, mushrooms and aioli.... this is called "The Ali".... at least in my head. Oh. Em. Gee. Love love LOVE on a bun.Do it. You know you want to!
5	GO AND SPLUGE ON A ROSSINI BURGER. KOBE MEDIUM RARE WITH FOIE GRA AND TRUFFLES ON A BUN! this should already make you want to try it. once you bite into the burger, it melts softly into your mouth allowing you to taste every flavor that the burger has to offer. the fries are excellent! my favorite side would have to be the fried jalapeno pickles. The pickles stayed juicy and has a good spicy kick to it.
4	First visit after hearing about it many, many times. I was prepared for mediocrity and came away pleasantly surprised. There were 6 in our party and the bill came to about 136 with tax - not bad at all considering it is Vegas.Sarah was a little nervous about her upcoming wedding so she just had a Raspberry Shake with banana and blueberries along with some killer sweet potato fries. Everyone else had burgers and enjoyed them immensely. My choice was the Kobe burger (American Kobe) with blue cheese, jalapeno bacon and a side of fried pickles. The burger was great while the pickles were just okay.Nice place, not much of a wait and the burgers and beer were great. I'll go again.
4	I was dying to see what the $60.00 burger was all about but not quite enough to get off my wallet and dick in deeper....so I went with your average Joe type of burger. Loved taking my vegetarian girlfriend to a burger bar and ordering it rare. Mine was rare and very very delicious. I had it on Sunday on my way out of town so that means i had completely punished myself by the pool and in the lounges the days earlier. That burger said goodbye in a way i needed. It said "there will be several accidents on the 15 south so this should hold you over for 5+ hours" and it did. Loved it. I had the skinny fries and they didn't do a thing for me, however the onion rings were pretty damn good. Next time I will go for onion rings. Staff is really helpful and very attentive. We waited a little bit for the burgers but it was Sunday and Check out time. I'm not the only genius that decided to eat before leaving town so I get the wait.There were a lot of really good waitress's and that was causing some serious issues with the girlfriend because i was actually looking around at what everyone was eating and my girl friend at first thought I was checkin out the servers.  Then when i explained that i was seeing what everyone else was eating she started laughing and said, of course you are...you yelp more than you look at porn on the internet. NOW THATS FUNNY.
4	The burgers here are yummy.  I ordered a Kobe Burger, cooked medium, with Provolone, Caramelized Onions, and a fried egg on a sesame bun.  It was delicious, juicy, and huge.Also highly recommended is the Nutella Milkshake.  If you don't care or count your calorie intake, then I'd say indulge in this treat.  It is REALLY good.... seriouslyPrices are decent ($16 for the Kobe burger), ambiance is nice, service was great.  I'd definitely come back for my gourmet burger fix!
3	Just the two of us, me and my BF; went on a Saturday night; not too long of wait, luckily they were about to clear off one of the booths; we wanted to check it out because it's by Hubert Keller...seems like a nice guys...at least on Top Chef Masters. :)Atmosphere/location: located upstairs at Mandalay Bay; very casual bar atmosphere; booths have its own small TV screens tuned on a sports channel, nice and cute...but I wasn't paying much attention to it because I was hungry to devour some burgers!Food:-we resorted not to order the $60 burger (with foie gras and truffles...not your typical backyard burger heh?)...maybe next time? or not-kobe beef burger: ordered it with onion buns, provolone and grilled onions (which they added in addition to the red onions that already comes with); the taste? meh, it was alright, not the greatest, it was kinda drier than we liked; sweet potato fries were excellent!-hubert keller burger: buffalo burger with blue cheese on ciabatta buns; nice and juicy, liked this one better than the kobe burger; skinny fries were alright, I prefer the sweet potato fries personally-beers: nothing extraordinary; you can also order samplers but the selections were not anything exotic that I wanted to sample-they have all kinds of milkshakes and beer floats but we didn't get them...lactose intolerant :(Service: fine, no complaintsI don't know if I want to go back and pay $20+ for each burger (if you order "build your own burger" they charge for extra toppings). Nice experience for once but I think In-N-Out will do just fine for now.
4	My husband and I came here for lunch due to a friend's recommendation.  We liked it so much we returned the next day!Day One:Hubs - peppercorn burger and fat friesMe - black angus burger with peanut butter and bacon, zucchini friesBeers - Abita Amber, Dogfish Head Indian Brown, Dogfish Head Palo Santo MarronFor me, the best things on the menu were not the burgers, although they were tasty.  The zucchini fries were delicious and amazing - hot with a crispy coating.  As Oklahomans, where decent beer cannot even enter the borders, we appreciated the extensive and tasty small brewery beer selection.Day Two:Hubs - same as Day One (not so adventuresome, or maybe he just really liked it), Black and White milkshake (vanilla ice cream, cookie dough, chocolate whipped cream)Me - black angus with proscuitto and mozzarella cheese, zuc. fries, custom milkshake with vanilla ice cream, oreos, and caramel sauce.  I rarely, and by that I mean almost never, eat to the point of pain.  The milkshake was worth it.  In fact, I was tempted to keep eating it despite feeling like I just might throw up from fullness. We enjoyed everything we ate, had good service, and found the quality for price point to be high given the crappy overpriced offerings in the casinos.
3	3 and 1/2 stars.  It's a build a burger type restaurant, named #2 burger joint in Las Vegas.  You pick your type of burger meat including kobe, sustainable, sirloin, etc and other including veggie patty, salmon, turkey, etc.  Then you can pick your bun - onion, sesame, whole wheat, ciabatta, etc, cheeses - pepperjack, swiss, american, cheddar, etc, and fixings:  lobster, asparagus, mushrooms, onions, etc, sauces - truffle, shallot reduction, etc.Some burgers are already built for you and you got your schmancy ones including a $60 truffle burger, Lobster/asparagus burger, etc.Pick your side of fries:  Skinny, steak, sweet potato.First time here I picked the lobster burger which was pretty tasty, but I don't remember too much about it.Second time I ordered a sustainable on wheat w/swiss cheese and shallot reduction.. honestly, patty didn't have much flavor, and the sauce didn't either so my burger tasted pretty bland.  Good selection of beers and small TV for each booth.  While the prices for a typical burger isn't through the roof, (around $20) your best bet if you're pinching your wallet would be the slider appetizer, three cute sliders w/fries for only $12.95.
3	This place is a 2.5 star joint for me. I mean, the burger was just ok. Maybe I didn't order the "right one," but you would think all burgers that come out of here would be decently tasty. I did enjoy the fried pickles. That was a nice new adventurous treat for my tongue.
4	burger and bar.... those two words are music to my ears. yeah, so i was very tempted to buy the 60 dollar burger (yeah right), but instead I stuck with the black angus burger and my gf got the kobe beef burger. I figured... hey, ground beef is ground beef right? WRONG! I was really enjoying my burger with my favorite toppings (mushrooms and swiss) until my gf made me taste her kobe beef burger. Her burger melted in my mouth and made my burger just a mediocre hamburger. THANKS SHERRI!! :p But either way, the food was great. But I do recommend you choosing meat that you cant get at mc donalds and go with the kobe or higher. Spend a lil more and you go from a great burger to the juiciest tender burger you can imagine.
4	Good burgers.  Good service.
3	I saw a lot of mixed reviews on Burger Bar (both for this location and the one in San Francisco), but I was still eager to try it after seeing it featured on Top Chef Masters.It actually took some time to find it.  Burger Bar is not located in Mandalay Bay but Mandalay Place, which is a little shopping mall adjacent to the casino.  It was late in the morning (just before 11:00am) and the mall was pretty empty.  When Burger Bar opened though, there were quite a few groups waiting to go in.The atmosphere was kind of like a chain family restaurant without all the kitsch and decorations.  The atmosphere was loud, casual and comfortable, but there was nothing to it.  The dining area was not that big.  Seating was available via tables, booths and the bar.The focus on the menu, of course, was burgers and fries.  While it was expensive for burgers and fries, it did not feel expensive for Las Vegas.  Many menu items were less than $20 and gourmet burgers do go in the $12-$18 range in L.A.  At Burger Bar, there are a few pricier burgers and burgers can be customized with some fancy ingredients (like lobster) that can lead to some really pricey burgers.I went with the American Kobe Beef burger.  The burger was about small-to-medium sized.  A lot of burger places like The Counter and Father's Office definitely have bigger burgers.  The bun (which can be customized) was nice.  The tomatoes, green leaf lettuce and onions were fresh, but they were very ordinary.  I got some cheese, which was an extra cost, and some homemade Dijon mustard.  The meat had a good flavor and was juicy (also not too greasy).  It was not anything great, but it was a decent, okay burger.I ordered some of the fat fries, which the waitress recommended.  Skinny fries and sweet potato fries were also available.  I liked the fries, but they were not as hot as they should have been, which was kind of odd.  Since they just opened the restaurant, I was surprised the fries tasted like they had been sitting around for a while.  I've definitely had my share of food in Vegas that was served cold, but I would think this place would have a higher standard.The milkshake was expensive but good.  It was a chocolate and Nutella milkshake.  It had a good flavor and consistency.  It could have been a little colder.  It was topped with crunchy hazelnuts, chocolate syrup and chocolate whipped cream.  It was definitely heavy on the chocolate and probably could have used something contrasting to balance the shake out.  While I liked the shake, the portion was a little on the small side.The waitress was very good--attentive, informed about the menu and friendly.There is a lot of bad and overpriced food in Vegas because the casinos know they have a captive audience and they let their standards slip.  Burger Bar, while not great, is definitely better than some of the Vegas restaurants I've tried.  It also presents a better value (though maybe slightly overpriced, considering the size of portions, when compared to some burger joints in other major cities).  Still, if you go to one of those cafes in Vegas, you are probably going to spend right around the same amount for a burger.I probably would not make a special trip to Burger Bar, but if we were around Mandalay Bay again, needed some food and weren't looking to spend too much, Burger Bar would definitely be a place I would give another try.Final Note: For me, celebrity chef restaurants often feel more like a brand than a representation of the chef's food because the chef is hardly ever there.  Chef Hubert Keller was there that day; he was not in the kitchen though.  He was having a meeting (outside of the restaurant in the mall area).
4	Really liked this place.  The options are endless!  I ended up ordering a kobe beef burger with blue cheese and roasted peppers with skinny fries.  I would have liked the fries a little bit more if they were fresh-cut, but they were still good nonetheless.  Note: it's in Mandalay Place, which is the mall that connects Mandalay Bay and the Luxor,  so make sure you're not wandering around the hotel looking for it, because you won't find it!
5	a must pit stop for true burger lovers! i heart the food here so much that i would marry the patty if i could. hands down the best because its reasonably priced, the burger dances in your mouth, and you leave with a huge smile. you can the reg burger for about $13 and if you hit the jackpot in vegas and want to splurge, go for the truffle burger, mmmm! my friends and i make sure we visit this spot each time we are in vegas. for large groups, reservations are recommended. it's BUSY in there! just thinking of this place makes me hungry.
4	They have expensive beer, but they have a good selection. Some of the beers here were selling for like 3x what we could go to the store and buy it for in San Diego. Mike ordered his burger and I only had room for sweet potato fries- both were delicious. We ate at the bar and were able to sit right away. The service was a little spotty- didn't receive utensils/napkins until 5 min after we were able to get the bartender's attention.
4	The brilliantly innovative and sometimes crazy mind of Hubert Keller decided to step away from the fancy, upscale French eateries and create a..... burger joint?  It's true, and if you've been here before, you should also know it's DELICIOUS.  Located inside Mandalay Bay's "Mandalay Place" (their shopping center) - this burger joint is almost always crowded and buzzing with people.   We came here on a weekday around 3pm thinking that would be a good time to come and get a table right away.  We were wrong.  We still ended up waiting for almost 20 minutes to get a table but since we had been here before and knew what awaited us, we would've waited an hour.  The last time we were here, we ordered the Rossini Burger ($60), which is Burger Bar's most famous and most talked about burger.  You get a 1/3lb. of American Kobe beef (which is nothing compared to the original Japanese beef, but it's still pretty tasty) topped with sauteed foie gras (duck fat) and shaved black truffles on an onion bun.  OMFG!They have four different kind of fries you can order.  Skinny, Fat, Sweet Potato or Zucchini.  We have tried all of them and our favorites are the sweet potato and the fat fries!If you order the Rossini Burger, you get a "sweet burger" after your meal.  We ordered the Creamy Cheesecake Burger - the buns are actually a glazed donut that's been sliced in half, there's a patty made of cheesecake and then there's a caramelized pineapple slice on top of it.  It was freakin' amazing!  Service was excellent and when we told the waitress we were splitting the Rossini between the two of us, she brought us two separate plates, each with a huge half of the Rossini burger, and each with their own order of sweet potato fries!  Very nice!  Not all the burgers are this expensive, mind you.  You can still get a Kobe burger without the foie gras and truffles for about $20.  I've also tried their "Surf and Turf Burger"($25), which has a 1/3lb. of Black Angus beef topped with a grilled half lobster and grilled asparagus.  It doesn't come close to the Rossini burger in taste, but it's still a pretty delicious and decadent burger!  This restaurant has become a regular destination for us whenever we're in Vegas.  My wife insists we HAVE to get a burger at Burger Bar.  Pros:  Rossini burger! Four different kinds of fries!  Great service!  Outstanding food in general.Cons:  it's almost always busy, but what can you expect?
4	Mmmm, burgers. One of my favorite foods.I'm not much for fancy burgers but I made an exception for this place. I was in Vegas for a week (!) for work and stuck in Mandalay Bay. Now, I'm not saying Mandalay is bad place but a week indoors anywhere is rough. My birthday happened to fall that week so a group of about 35 of us ditched the company-sponsored festivities one night and headed to the Burger Bar in Mandalay Place to celebrate my 34th year of existence.First, I will give the staff kudos for arranging seating for us. When 35 people roll up with no reservation, I'm sure it's not easy but my guess is the check for 35 justifies the hassle. We had to wait for a while but only because some large group with little kids was already in the place. Sidebar: Vegas is no place for a family vacation. Take your fucking kids to Disneyland, not a place famous for gambling, sex and getting piss-drunk. I don't fuck up your Legoland vacation by getting hammered and then hitting on your wife after spending $500 in a strip club so don't fuck up my vacation by bringing your hyper kids to Vegas and letting them run around while screaming their heads off. Deal?But I digress, on to the food. I ordered the "Hubert Keller Burger." I mean, it's named after the owner (and world-renowned chef) - it's gotta be the shit, right? It's actually a buffalo burger, not beef, with caramelized onions, blue cheese and baby spinach on a ciabatta bun. It was indeed the shit. One of the best burgers I have ever had, in fact. I also ate half of my boss' Kobe beef burger, also excellent. And they don't mess around when you order rare or medium-rare. You better like it bloody if you order it that way, not like those chain restaurants that are afraid to leave any pink in the meat. It makes me nervous to order food in those places. I mean, why are you afraid to serve your food a little underdone? What does that say about the quality of your ingredients?The sides (sweet potato fries, regular fries) were good but nothing special. I wish I had ordered dessert. They had some good looking "Sweet Burgers" and milkshakes on the menu. Maybe next time. The beer menu is very impressive and they serve pitchers.The service was very good. They were quick and came by often. With 35 people in the party, I was less concerned with their friendliness, I just wanted them to get the orders correct in a timely fashion, which they did. I willl definitely go back the next time I am at Mandalay.
2	After a two hour flight from Oklahoma City to Minneapolis, a four hour layover in Minneapolis-St. Paul International, and then a three hour flight to Las Vegas, it's safe to say that our group of friends was pretty much starving once we got off our Boeing 757 at McCarran International Airport. We bypassed the airport shuttles even though we had already paid for them, opting instead to get a taxicab immediately to take us to Mandalay Bay, our final destination for the week. Positively ravenous, we decided to go to the infamous Burger Bar located on the hotel property.It worked out perfectly that the restaurant was located in the Mandalay Place mall midway between Mandalay Bay and Luxor as our friends were staying at the persistent Egyptian stereotype.For a group of five on a Monday evening around 8:00, I was pleased to say that we were seated almost immediately especially as it was Memorial Day. However, our waitress didn't show up at our table for nearly ten minutes to get our drink orders. As people who had just spent five hours in dry airplane conditions and had already begun feeling the effects of the extraordinarily arid Vegas desert air, this was a major problem. Goddamit, I really wanted a water. I think she noticed how thirsty we all were though, so she thankfully just left a whole pitcher of ice water at the table for us.Once we had a chance to look over the menu, we ordered our burgers. I opted for the peppercorn burger because I absolutely love anything peppery and it didn't have any mayonnaise on it (a substance I despise, alongside sour cream, cream cheese, and really anything white) which meant no awkward "hold the mayo" conversations and then frustration when they screw that up and you have to send it back and you constantly wonder if they're jacking off into your food back in the kitchen. I digress.I ordered my burger medium-well. While I like my steaks medium-rare, I prefer my ground beef to be more done. A medium-well burger should just have a slight pink tinge in the middle; it shouldn't be fucking fuschia. However, I can handle a burger that's not cooked exactly to my liking because I know it's safe (I JUST can't handle mayo) so I went ahead and ate it. I got mine with the sweet potato fries which were underseasoned but cooked perfectly.When our waitress finally showed up again, I decided to round off the meal with a Nutella milkshake.Hold on while I contain myself when thinking about that divine concoction.Mmmmmmmm.*boner*Okay, I'm back.Yeah, the Nutella milkshake was good and I shared with everyone at the table.In summary, it wasn't the best meal I've ever eaten but I'd be happy to give it a second try. But someone fire that waitress.
4	Extensive if not eccentric beer selection, and a build-it-from-the-basics burger menu make this a worthy respite from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  The staff were engaging and knowledgeable.  Go for a little while, not a quicky.
5	I don't know why I never reviewed this place sooner, but this is the home of some of the best burgers I have ever had, period.I went there with the bf for lunch, so it wasn't too busy and we only had to wait about 15 minutes for a booth. I liked the fact that each booth had it's own TV. Cute.The service was fine as well...I don't recall waiting forever or having an issue at all. Maybe it's just the luck of the draw? In any case, screw the service, focus on the burgers!I love Hubert Keller, so I was definitely expecting something amazing. I ordered the 3 sliders, which were simply DIVINE.  I still have flashbacks to eating the one with cheese and caramelized onions! If I could only have one last burger before I died, that would be the one.There were some more expensive burgers on the menu that I had been tempted to try, but since I hadn't ever been there before, I chose to be a bit frugal until I figured out if I approved of the burgers.  Boy, do I approve!When I head back there though, I think I'll have to try something with truffles (my fav.!)...
4	I only wish we were more hungry so that we can have the full burger experience. We ordered the sliders which came in three varieties, zucchini fries, and sweet potato fries. They were all very juicy and tender and full of flavor. A good place to go before catching The Lion King at Mandalay Bay.
3	It took awhile for the food to come out but when it did the burgers were quite tasty. They have a nice selection of burgers to choose from. I do not recommend going here late evening hours (service is a bit slow).
4	Pretty awesome burger. Burger Bar is basically an upscale sports bar. Many of the booths have private TV's and tables have views of flat screens everywhere. The beer selection is glorious as they have large selections of Belgian and German beers. The menu is simple and to the point. You can either build your own burger or select some of the ones they recommend. We built two burgers: Burger 1: Country Natural Beef, Pepper Jack, Onion, Jalapeno Bacon, Fried Egg, Truffle Sauce on Onion Bun. Burger 2: Chicken Breast, Sprouts, Fried Egg, Tomato, Button Mushrooms, Cucumber on Ciabatta. Burger 1 was great. Highlights were the beef and Jalapeno bacon. I thought the onion bun was just okay. Burger 2 might have been the best Chicken Burger/Sandwich that I ever tried.Next time I'd like to save room for deserts/sweets. They have a nice selection of interesting shakes and even a beer-ice cream paddle.
5	I was in Vegas just for fun!!The Burger Bar is a great place to eat!!!! They have an outstanding staff and a great vareity on the menu for your burger. There selection of beer is excellent too... I would recommend to go here if you are looking for a low key place to have a great burger!!!!
3	Burger Bar offers a good burger and good beer.  It is cheap by Las Vegas dining standards but still a darn expensive burger anywhere else in the free world. (Average burger price around $13)
5	For me, this is the mecca of Burger joints. I also believe this is the proof I needed to know that God really does love me. He sent his only begotten Surf & Turf burger to save me in my time of hungover need.This place is wonderful! From the casual, sportsbar feel (TV's in every booth) to the excellent beer selection, I was impressed. This place would make Tim " the toolman" Taylor bark with manly excitement!Where do I start? Oh yeah...we started with fried jalepeno-flavored pickle spears and zucchini. Both were great! I was especially happy to be washing it down with SD's very own Stone IPA, a local treat.So, I was there with my gf and we decided to pick a couple burgers and share. That didn't work out very well for her I might add. Given it was my birthday week in Vegas I decided to splurge on the Surf & Turf burger. Yea I said it!The perfect amount of lobster atop a prime black angus burger that rested on a healthy amount of asparagus, along with a side of mushroom sauce. Ya only live once right? This bad boy left me speechless. The fries were thin and crispy but this burger was an extreme delight. After biting into the S & T burger, I didn't think it could possible get much better. I should have known...the American Kobe Beef burger here is easily the BEST burger I have ever had in my existence. Period. Sorry Rocky, it's true.You can get it however you want and add from 30 or 40 toppings. I felt like since I was a first-timer here that I wanted to make this burger work for me. I went easy on it and just added carmelized onions and some cheddah. Ya know how the middle of the burger is always the best, juiciest bite? This entire Kobe burger was the middle of the burger all the way around...in other words, orgazmic!The service was excellent, very friendly and attentive. They seemed moderately busy but we were seated after maybe a 5 minute wait. I will never go to Vegas again without eating a Kobe burger from here. This succulent treat is KING in Vegas and will have you singin' love me tender at first bite. Long live the king!
5	What a great hole in the wall at Mandalay bay! Fantastic top notch selection in beers, great hamburgers to fight the drinking and hangover battle(s).  What a nifty little hidden gem!  AMAZING beer selection, it's gotta be the best in VEGAS!  Cute workers there, this place is all good.  It's the only place in MBAY I'd recommend eating at!! HIT IT UP beer and hamburger connoisseurs!   I'd recommend putting some avocado (aguacate) on your burger yo!!
4	So it's kinda spendy, and kinda yuppie too, but you can build your own burger, so how could you go wrong?!?!  They do know burgers, and the huge variety they offer won't let you down.  Because of the price, most of us can't afford to eat here as often as we'd like.  Parking is inconvenient, and far away, but free.  If you are staying at a hotel on the strip, you could probably care less, but navigating the Mandalay Parking and hiking to the Mandalay Place is definitely a drawback compared to other restaurants.So to sum up, *if* it is convenient for you, it's a great & tasty place to eat!
4	I have been to the burger bar in San Fran so when I was in Vegas, of course I had to hit it up again and again it did not disappoint. I got their signature mint milkshake with alcohol and it was the best as it ever was. Its one of the best tasting shakes out there, alcohol or no alcohol I think everyone will like it. I'm not even usually a mint lover and I love that shake. I got the kobe beef burger with sweet potato fries and onion rings and eveyrthing was delicious. The kobe beef was very tender and cooked perfectly at medium rare. A lot of places struggle with medium rare, they make it either rare or overdone so I really appreciated the fact that burger bar cooked it so perfectly. Their fried foods were great as well. This is a restaurant that I would go over and over and over because its good food, good milkshakes at a great price.
5	Words cannot describe the amazingness that is Burger Bar.  But I'll try...The menu is set up so you build your own burger, starting with the type of beef you want.  Then you add your cheese, sauce, and variety of toppings including the $30 truffles.  I did not try these.  We ordered several plates of fries, including their sweet potato fries which were sooooo good with ranch dressing.  My sister and I shared a Nutella shake, which was hands down the best thing I have ever put in my mouth.  We had to pass it around the table so that all our friends could understand our reaction.  You know that scene from "When Harry Met Sally" where Meg Ryan is demonstrating how to fake an orgasm?  Yeah.  It was like that.
5	Two of my favorite things: Burgers and Bars.Located in the Mandalay Bay, this place is AWESOME. You can choose to build your own burger with any kind of beef, bun, cheese, sauce and toppings. These burgers are huuugggeeee, and they're so so so good. Skinny fries, Fat fries, Zucchini fries, sweet potato fries , onion rings. Yes!It's a modern and hip burger bar with tv's in every booth playing sports and whatnot. The staff are all young and sexy, most are full of tattoos. This place has a kind of sporty, rock n roll, biker, badass vibe to it.The bar of course sells any kind of drink and has a long list of the different beers on draft. They are also famous for their alcoholic shakes, which is a sweet way to get drunk.
5	An outstanding dining experience, and one that I would insist is a "must do" in Las Vegas.  My meal consisted of an American Kobe burger with blue cheese, bacon and carmelized onion on focaccia, washed down with a Nutella milkshake.This was a sexy meal, no doubt about it.  Do not let price dictate what you are going to do in here.  Bring $40 and prepare to spend all of it on burger.  If you don't, that's great.  Go gamble that money away on a full stomach.
4	It was pretty good and inexpensive. I got a chicken sandwich which was huge. The chibatta bread was kind of hard but other than that very solid. I would definitely come back here.
3	This was my first time having a Kobe burger.  I honestly wasn't that impressed, but it wasn't bad.  My friends loved their burgers though.  Maybe I'll try the standard Angus beef burger next time I go.
4	The burger was absolutely delicious.  I opted for the angus beef, since many on here said it was delicious on it's own, and both my stomach and my wallet thanked me.  Not once did I question bypassing the Kobe beef or buffalo burgers, tempting as they may be.  Amazingly juicy at a perfectly cooked medium, with mushrooms, peppers and caramelized onions on top, I'm not sure I've had a better burger.  Their housemade dijon was also a delicious addition.  The fries (tried both fat and sweet potato) were good and very reasonably priced but not exactly must-haves.  I also got dessert, sharing both a nutella milkshake and the raspberry float.  The nutella milkshake is a chocolate lover's dream, and luckily I am one.  Chocolate chips, chocolate syrup, chocolate ice cream, chocolate whipped cream and nutella.. yep it's as good as it sounds.  At $9, it's also a bit pricey, but hey, you might as well go all out when you're already spending close to $20 for a burger and fries.  The raspberry float was tasty too, even though I don't usually like fruity things.  All-in-all, an amazing burger place.  Definitely give it a shot if you're in the area.
4	Let's get to good stuff right away+Nutella Milkshake - absolutely delicious.+Built my own Kobe Burger w/ Bacon, Avocado, and Chipotle Sauce on the side.- Regular fries and Sweet Poato fries were not good. I wish they were better, because it would have made the entire meal perfect.- Service was standard and the wait time for 2 people on a Saturday afternoon approx 15-20 minutes.
4	THANK YOU for having a Veggie Burger - this allows me to come here with my husband!  I am in search of the perfect burger and this one was REALLY GOOD.  I also LOVE Top Chef Masters and Hubert Keller.  I love the fact the Hubert has 2 higher end restaurants and then the Burger Bar - shows me he does not take himself too seriously.  Had the Hubert Keller burger (Chef's Favorite) with Ciabatta bread, soft blue cheese, spinach and onions.  It was FANTASTIC.  The blue cheese was perfect, not overwhelming at all.  A perfect blend.  Also tried the fried Pickled Jalapenos - WOW.   Next time I want to share the Rossini burger with someone (Kobe beef, Foi Gras and truffles) - right up my alley! Great selection of beer as well.
3	This place has a fantastic variety of burgers but the main downfall is that it is too busy for its own good. The star should be the American Kobe (Snake River Farm beef) but I hate eating luke-warm burgers and soggy fries. Perhaps my Kobe burger would have been much tastier with seared foie gras and truffle but $60 is a big jump from $16. This is just not the environment for me to spring $60 on a sandwich and risk it being served warm. For now, I think I'll stick to Flemming's prime bacon burgers for $6 during happy hours. AND  it comes with better fries!
4	What a pleasant surprise!  Talk about JUICY BURGER...this place cooks/grills to order.  I had the buffalo burger that just melted in my mouth.  highly recommend this place if you want a good burger in Vegas.
5	I just had the most delicious hamburger I've ever had.  It was the black angus burger with blue cheese and bacon.  Everything was perfect.  I'm not one to write glowing reviews on just anything but this definately deserves it.
5	I got the slidersMy bf splurged and got the kobe burger topped with foie gras and truffles.....OMGYUMEverything was awesome.  Very delicious.  Tip:  Order a few sauces... we tried the chipotle aioli, the red wine reduction, and the somethingelsefrench sauce... and they really were awesome.Awesomely delicious.  To dip fries and burgers into.Do it, do it.
5	Suprisingly my parents are almost as big of Vegas buffs as I am, except I have the club knowledge while they have the restaurant knowledge. They took my boyfriend, brother and I to this place and I must say for me it was a "alright I'll go" type of thing. I'm  not really into restaurant burgers, I usually take something lighter.Boy did this place give me a slap. It's a build your own burger type of menu, everything from the meat (veggie included), to bread, condiments and everything in between. It was soooo good!!! I'm usually stop at halfway, but I ate the whole thing!!! I would suggest the thin fries over the thick, they taste much better that way. Not only is the service great but they have individual mini TVs at each booth to entertain you!All in all, I cannot wait to go back to this place :)
5	My third time here, and it's still so good!We sat at the bar today since it was very busy during lunch hours. Everytime i've been here, it's usually packed!My bf and I shared the Rossini, sub fat fries!Kobe beef cooked medium rare, topped with seared foie gras and truffles. Accompanied with sea salt, pepper corn, and some sort of auju. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH sooooooooooooooooo good, i'm drooling now just writing this review. EEK i'm in heaven Every bite i would add a little sea salt, some pepper corn with a drizzle of the auju! MAN... Heaven! This burger is really rich that's why bf and I opt to share! DELICIOUS! WIll be back for this $80 burger! ahah
3	this is one of those occasions where i wish yelp would let you give 1/2 starsi am a beer snob. i will be the first to admit it. so i was pretty damn excited to learn that what i have been told is the best beer bar in vegas was next to my hotel. the beer selection was solid. the prices were pretty on par with the average beer bar back home in chicago. i did notice few very very out of season seasonals which makes me wonder about their turnover on bottles and kegs. having pumpkin beer in stock in july is just strange. the bartenders we chatted up were super nice. i commented on one of the beers in particular and the bartender called over the beer buyer to tell him what i said. then came the part that irked me. the buyer asked me about chicago beer and the breweries here. i said a few sentences about 3 floyds in particular and mentioned something about having had some of their super limited dark lord a couple of days before. the buyer was very clearly not interested in hearing what i was saying even though he had asked the question. he basically smiled and nodded but did not listen at all. this too would be fine, rude but fine, had he not 15 minutes later while i was in the middle of eating come up behind me and asked me to tell him about 3 floyds and this dark lord beer he had heard about. frustrating situation. i don't really understand managing a beer bar and not wanting to talk about beer. in the end the price wasn't bad. the burger was pretty good. nothing amazing but pretty good. they had a ton of topping options and out of sight onion rings. all and all we were here for about 45 minutes and as can often be said for a good bar. come for the beer, stay for the food, enjoy the bartenders, avoid the management.
4	Hallelujah!  Definitely a fan of a joint that lets me dream.  Sure you can eat a cheaper burger elsewhere, but thats not the point! Indulge and enjoy.
4	I went for the atlantic salmon burger and was surprised at it's simplicity and texture. It was also cheap ($8.50).The service was impeccable as everyone had mentioned. Much fancier than its name.I would say more except I opted from getting their famous beef burgers. Their Kobe burger for $60 and dessert burgers sandwiched in a donut seemed decadent. A good meal altogether.
4	The Burger Bar is one of my favorite burgers in Vegas.  One thing I remember from my previous visits years ago was how the staff had a holier than thou attitude and that attitude still remains.  Chill out, it's a friggin burger joint.I laughed at the hostess after she told me it was 20 minutes for a table for one.  When I started to walk away she alerted me that I could sit at the bar if I liked.  I happily took her up on that offer.Lunch started with a fantastic pint of Blue Moon.  This glass of beer set things right.  It was the perfect temperature and had a substantial orange wedge.  I'd rather have too much orange than too little.  I'm the same with Corona. The beer lasted just long enough for an awesome bacon cheeseburger to arrive.The burger was packed with one of two types of "Jack" cheese (I told them to surprise me and I don't remember which I had) and accompanied by a side of skinny fries.  The burger was prepared medium and was nice and juicy.  The bacon was fantastic and, although I'm not much of a fry guy, the fries were nice, crisp and tasty.I'm sure I need to explore other fancy burger places on the strip, but Burger Bar still holds up as a favorite.
5	This place immediately ranked in my top 10 restaurants list. The concept is cool - burger and milkshake bar - and the create-your-own burger is a great touch. What is more Vegas than the option to make your own burger and top it with a lobster tail or just have a plain ol' cheeseburger? This is what I love about Vegas, culinary free reign in every shape and size at every price point. Viva!I had a turkey burger with caramelized veggies, a side of fries, and a Nutella milkshake. Talk about heaven! The flavors were great, quality was very good, prices were fair, service was attentive, and just an all around great lunch. I would go back in a heartbeat!
2	I am a big fan of keller, but this place doesn't live up to the hype.I ordered the famed Rossini burger for $60. My foie gras was grainy on the outer portions, which I had never experienced before, and I order it every where I go. My shaved truffles we ice cold. The beef was cooked perfectly however.I also ordered the Nutella milkshake. It tasted like an extremely rich chocolate milkshake, nothing like nutella which I love so much.They had a kids menu also. My son ordered the kids cheeseburger  which was about an 1 and a half in diameter...My other son got the chicken strips, and my wife got a plan cheeseburger. Add on a couple of sodas... and the total price with tip was around $140.00.It was a let down. Over priced. Underwhelming. I prefer BLT burger in the Mirage.
5	This places makes me wish I had 4 stomachs.  I don't know where to begin on this one.  Custom burgers with just about any meat, any topping, any cheese with full on variety in fries/rings/shakes and probably anything you could dream up.  The one thing I learned on this last visit was that they have the most impressive beer line up in vegas, we are talking vintage varietels (I ended up with the Anchor Steam Christmas Brew 2008) including chimay, stone, and many other micro brew legends.This last visit I really went for it.  Kobe Beef, add Lobster Tail, add flour de lys sauce (think Da Vinci Code), and of course sweet potato fries (note: they are no healthier than regular fries, but much more delicious).   $50 later, I am a supremely happy camper.  Now to get a burger n beer for $50 would be typically unheard of, but I truly feel I got good value and can easily win it back at the tables.  For a perfect finish try rolling around the corner and grabbing a yaegar bomb frozen concoction at the nearby yard stand (a few doors down towards luxor).
4	$20+ for a burger!!!  Yes, the Burger Bar might be expensive, but they do make some of the most delicious burgers around.  I had the Kobe burger with cheddar and bacon on ciabatta, and it was giant, juicy and delicious.  My waitress was pleasant and attentive as well.  Despite the price, I'll definitely be back.
3	Burger Bar was good but it was not fantastic. We started with zucchini fries which were okay and went with the fat fries which were luke-warm and tasted stale. After reading a few of the reviews about the great beer menu I tried the Troubadour Obscura after delving through the extensive beer menu! I picked it because I love a good stout, but this was the worst beer I have ever had, but that has more to do with my choice than anything else. As for the burgers I went with a Kobe burger with egg, bacon and avocado and my wife went with the Kobe with pineapple, bacon, and aioli. First I am glad I ordered mine medium-well because the wife ordered her's medium and I swear I heard it moo! I was expecting an amazing burger but it was really only so-so. I have had better burgers at in-n-out and it definitely wasn't worth the $75 bill. The saving grace was the Black and White Milkshake which was to die for! The shake was thick enough to eat with a spoon and had large diameter straw to accommodate the big chunks of cookie dough in every sip and the chocolate whip cream on top was amazing!!! The other thing that earned the 3 star rating was the excellent waitress. She had plenty of suggestions based on what her likes were and she was there every time we even thought we need something!
4	the hubert keller burger was probably the best bleu cheese burger i've ever sunk my teeth into. bleu cheese with every bite. sliders were good, but the buffalo slider was the best out of the 3. onion rings & zuchinni sticks are amazingly good. i was sad that i was only able to scarf down a few fries, the burger alone is a gut buster. the fries are good tho, dont get me wrong. they got 24 beers on tap and a GINORMOUS selection of bottled beer as well. this place is awesome!
5	BELIEVE THE HYPE!! Experience a "burgasm" like you've never experienced before. Yeah I said it, a burger orgasm that you can't get from eating a Big Mac or In-n-Out burger, but right here, right now, Burger Bar.Can I get an angus burger on a sesame bun with chopped jalapenos, jalapeno bacon, a fried egg (over-easy!), grilled onions, and chipotle aioli sauce? YES, I CAN! My creation was so amazing with the right amount of spices and flavors mixed so well together with the thickness of the angus beef. To be honest, the fried egg really did it for me... you cannot go wrong with that!!! My only suggestion is to pass on the $5 beer battered pickles: NOT WORTH IT...trust me. (The fat fries were also alright). What IS worth it is the +$15 you will spend on one burger that will leave you wondering how'd a burger make you feel so completely satisfied?! & if the cost is what's stopping you from coming here, bet $20 on black at the roulette tables and cross your fingers for a win that'll be spent on something you won't regret!!
5	This place was great! I had a bison burger and loved it..my boyfriend couldn't shut up about the onion rings..but my fave part was the cheesecake burger for dessert...Cannot say how much I loved this dessert..I am so coming back to this place next time I'm in vegas..
4	If you're in Vegas and you love burgers of all meats in all their exquisite forms go to Burger Bar.  If you don't go then you don't love burgers.Period.Situated in the shopping area of the Mandalay Bay, I caught lunch here after a rousing showing of the Lion King musical (it's really that good, but I'll save that for another review) and we were seated after a 40 min wait, which we killed time by browsing the neighboring shops.  Sneaking a peak at the other diners meals, the two of us decided to go with one big burger and one trio of sliders, rather than gorge ourselves on a couple behemoths.  I ordered their buffalo burger topped with caramalized onions and blue cheese while my friend got the slider plate that came with three mini burgers, each a different meat and combination of toppings.  Rounding out this excellent meal were a couple of milkshakes, I wish I could remember the flavours but it was almost a year ago, but I'm going to plan a return visit when I'm back in Sin City.  The only strike against our heavenly meat experience was the deep fryer was on the fritz for the day, so no fries.  I went for the cole slaw option instead as an effort towards some guilt relief.If you're in the mood for a good burger and stuck on the north end of the strip, run, grab a cab, hitchhike down to the Mandalay for meaty goodness in a bun.
4	Initially went in because of the novelty: different meats, breads, sides, toppings, etc.  Customize your own, or choose from pre-configured burgers.  You know, like Coldstone, but with meat.  Then found out it's a Hubert Keller establishment, which added to the intrigue. Unfortunately, I'm sure it added to the pricing as well.  I had a buffalo burger and my, oh my, was it juicy and melt in your mouth!  Buffalo being a lean meat, that's no small feat.  I'd be hard pressed to move away from such a delicious burger on a future visit!  On said visit, I'll definitely want to save room for a sweet burger.
3	Went here one night for dinner, ordered the American Burger and a Fat Tire.  Instead of the regular fries, ordered the sweet potato fries.  My friend ordered the Kobe Burger and Onion Rings and an Alcoholic Mint Shake.  Overall, we felt that the meal was just so-so.  My burger was pretty much your typical burger with cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, etc. His burger was a little more tender than mine, but still nothing to rave about.  His shake was supposed to have alcohol in it, but who knows if there was any actually in there.  You cant really go wrong with a Fat Tire. When we went, it was about dinner time, so they were pretty crowded.  We were told there was about a 20 min wait, unless we wanted to sit at the bar.  We were starving so we elected to sit at the bar only to walk to the back to find that the only seats open were the last 2, one of which is IN the walkway for the servers to get to the kitchen.  We ended up sitting there, where we noticed that almost the whole back half of the restaurant was empty.  Apparently they werent seating in that area because they didnt have enough servers.  That sucks.One good thing about this place was conveniently located in a mall, so you can walk off all the food you just ate, or browse the shops while you wait for your table.  This is your typical burger and beer place, and I probably wouldnt recommend the alcoholic shakes.  Id stick to the regular shakes for half the price.  Another good thing about this restaurant is that you can build your burger however you want it. A definite plus for those picky eaters, or the people who like everything under the sun on their burgers.
4	A bit pricey, but worth it for the experience.  I had a Kobe Beef burger which was excellent.  The fries were nothing special which surprised me a bit.  Everything else on the menu seemed "gourmet" so the fries seemed a bit out of place... season them up at least??  I also tried the chocolate desert burger which was really cool.  Looking at it, you would think it's just a slider or small burger.  It's actually a piece of chocolate shaped like a burger in between a donut shaped like a bun with a mint leaf for lettuce, kiwi slices for pickles, and a paper thin slice of mango masquerading as cheese.  It looks amazing and the flavors really compliment each other.
3	Burger Bar. Burger Bar. Burger Bar.Let's list the pros and the cons. List are a lot more fun.PRO:It's a cool concept, pick your protein. (Turkey, Beef, Salmon, Buffalo, etc.)Lots of different toppings to choose from (from sprouts to lobster to truffles).An extensive BEER and WINE list. They have beers from micro breweries around the country. Everything was fresh.Cons:The food was pretty bland. The service was sub-par. I was in a party of 6 and they included gratuity.The places was LOUD.The seating was cramped.The hostesses were really rude.Everything was overpriced (to be expected on the Strip).Burger Bar is located in Mandalay Place. It is a trek to get to just eat. I was there on a busy Saturday night. We had to wait for everyone to get there before we were seated. The hostess was really rude about all of this too. We were seated in a booth that comfortably sat 6 people. Our waitress looked like she was juggling about  5 tables, one of which had about 20 people. She could really use a hand.I ordered a veggie burger, which was quite bland and really need some spice and seasoning. I added grilled onions and guacamole and opted for a whole wheat bun. I ordered a side salad, which was $2.55 for some field greens and a balsamic vinaigrette. A bunch of my friends ordered the sweet potato fries, which are yummy, but they were't any better or any worse than I've had before. Again, nothing spectacular.In all honesty, I would have been much happier with a Double-Double from IN-N-OUT. Burger Bar has a good idea, but it really just felt like a dressed up "Fudruckers" in an Applebee's setting.
5	Great burgers. One of the best I ever had! The amount of possible toppings are endless. Different meat choices as well! Great service too! The sweet potato fries are amazing. I love the atmosphere as well.
5	This time I was not drunk, and the burger was still awesome!!! But this time we tried the trio sampler, fat fries, sweet potato fries and deep fried jalapeno pickles! WOW, I could not stop eating the sweet potato fries and the deep fried pickles were awesome! I had the American kobe beef with pepper jack and spicy aioli spread and the meat was cooked perfectly and very juicy. Normally I dip my burger in some kind of sauce but this time I just enjoyed that meat flavor from my burger. Ahhh I want another one now!
2	Hubert Keller's joint is good... but definitely not spectacular.  Burgers are juicy, but honestly, I've had better CHEAPER burgers of better quality. 20 bucks for a burger is ridiculous.  Tip:  skip the burgers altogether and go with dessert!  I recommend the cheesecake burger and the nutella shake!
5	What the hell have I been eating my entire life that people call Burgers and Milkshakes? Hubert Keller totally redefined my definition of a tasty burger.. Also, that Nutella Milkshake is best milkshake I have ever tasted.. Hell, this place is such a good burger joint and being all the way from Texas I'm willing to take the flight back JUST for this place..
5	Can be tricky to find if you don't know Vegas really well, since it's in the walkway *between* Mandalay Bay and the Luxor. It's worth it. Follow your nose to the Lush bath products store across the hall.On its face, it seems pretty straightforward: decent bar, burger joint, TVs in the booths showing some sport or other. It goes deeper. Start with the beer list - great selection, large draft list and truly wonderful bottle list. I've had award winning Canadian beers here that I can't even get in Canada. If you've never had a Unibroue beer from Quebec, I recommend the Unibroue 17.The menu, too, goes deeper. Not just burgers. Grain fed or naturally raised beef? Wagyu, maybe? You are spoiled for choice, but if that intimidates, they have several reasonable pre-defined burgers to choose from or riff on.I'm the guy who brought Melissa Y. (below) here on her birthday, making lots of noise about the $60 burger. Kobe beef, foie gras, 1/3oz of shaved black truffle on an onion roll. The Rossini, they call it. We each had one, and they were great. Better than great - putting black truffle on a burger is something I haven't done before or since (except on return trips here) and it is some inspired eats, my friend. You would not do badly to spend some blackjack winnings on that little masterpiece.BUT. I'm going to tell you something important here, so listen good: you can do better. You can make a thing more pure and more perfect. You can reach the Platonic ideal of burger in this place, and reaching Platonic ideals isn't a thing we get to do very often in our lives. Are you ready? Then let's begin.Ditch the foie - it adds richness where none is required, and the richness it adds is lost in the strong flavours. Ditch the kobe, too. Kobe is either getting you beautiful texture (not irrelevant in ground meat, but certainly *less* so than with steak cuts) or beautiful flavour, but the naturally raised beef has that in spades. Ditch the onion bun as well, if you want my opinion. I like onions plenty, but baked into a roll they lose some of their fire and even if the result is still tasty, you're missing the opportunity to go for their Ciabatta (great texture, nice yeasty flavour, works with the beer) or their Sesame (a classic, done well).Okay, so now: Keep the black truffles (KEEP THE BLACK TRUFFLES), but maybe get your cheese on, and add some pepper bacon or a fried egg. Congratulations, champ, you've got yourself a burger that adds no pretense, that gilds no lilies, but which explodes with flavour you didn't think a burger could have. This is it, this is the burger you've been waiting for.I'm proud of you, soldier.
5	GREAT Burgers, Beer Selection & Service!  We'd been searching around Vegas (mostly in vain) for some good craft beer choices.  Well, Burger Bar's got some of THE best beer taps in town!  Couple that with top-notch burgers and you've got a great combo!  (FYI - we are in the restaurant biz ourselves and are super picky too.)I ordered the Grass-Fed Burger with two kinds of crushed peppercorns and peppercorn sauce on the side.  It was cooked to a perfect medium rare and VERY tasty.   My wife opted for sprouts & avocado on hers.  (BTW - The burgers are half pounders, which is usually too big for us.  But, they were SO good, we both ate every bite!)We visited Burger Bar for our last meal in Vegas.  Bad luck...  We should have gone there first.  That way, we could have come back again!   Definitely recommended for beer & burgers.PS - With all the burger choices, wish they offered either an accurate online or take-out menu that we could share with friends.
2	I don't understand why this place is getting these great reviews.  The burger I had (the Black Jack) was extremely bland and tasteless.  I don't think they seasoned the meat!  My 2 other companions felt the same way.  Did the kitchen run out of salt and pepper that day??  I'm not sure but I don't think I'll be coming back.  I'm only giving this place two stars because of good service and their beer selection.
5	Loved the food, loved the service and the atmosphere was great (I mean is Vegas baby) and I have been here twice.  One of the two times I did not try the Kobe Burger the second time I did.  In a nutshell if you don't get the Kobe meat you are really missing out.  It is a little pricey, you have to choose your meat which you pay for and then you build your burger, everything you add cost a little something.  By the time you finish and add a drink and fries you will  probably walk out for $25 to $30.  Just know what you are walking into and you will have a good time.
1	So after years of hearing that we need to try Burger Bar, my husband and I finally decided to take the plunge.Burger Bar is located in Mandalay Place, which is the shopping area between Mandalay Bay and The Luxor.  There are lots of restaurants around this area and valet is a breeze at Mandalay Place.Husband and I got right in and had a seat in the booth.  They have a HUGE beer selection (which had the husbands attention immediately!)  But we decided just to do burgers and fries.I had a Kobe beef burger, on an onion bun, with a fried egg, mayo, lettuce, tomato and onion.  I had sweet potato fries with this.  I ordered the burger cooked medium and I'm glad I did!  If would have ordered it medium-rare, I think the burger would have come out moo-ing at me!!  (mind you- i'm all about medium-rare on a good steak!)The husband had the American Classic with sweet potato fries.We both agreed that we would have rather went to Red Robin or Stripburger over Burger Bar.  For one, you would think the Kobe beef would have great flavor.  Not even.  It was OK at best.  Husband said that he thought it was "pretentious to charge that much for a burger that tasted like that."After both our burgers and fries (we had water to drink) and after tip, we walked out paying $45.00.Definitely a cool place, and I'm glad I tried it, so I know that I don't ever have to go back.  Definitely disappointed!
4	This place is pretty genius. I had the Kobe beef with a fried egg on top, delicious. Be careful how you order your temp; med=med rare, med well =med, etc... Stellar beer selection!
4	My husband and I hit up Burger Bar any time we head out to the Strip for a show. It's got great burgers and the beers are pretty good as well. I love their sweet potato fries and definitely recommend those! It is a bit pricey and can get crowded really fast on the weekend. The staff is so-so. The last time we were there our waitress ignored us to spend more time at the table full of guys. I was little upset about that, but not enough to stop going to Burger Bar.
3	I finally made my way to dine at the infamous Burger Bar after my cousin came to town. Luckily we arrived at 4pm, just before the Saturday night dinner rush. We were seated quickly and had our drinks in hand within minutes. The ambiance was eclectic: there was a small television in our booth playing a sports channel, but I do not recall any audio. The lighting was dim, matching the dark mahogany wood seating. As expected, the crowd mostly consisted of visiting tourists. Attire is casual. I ordered a Hawaiian "burger", er chicken sandwich. Why didn't I order a BURGER? I am not sure. I suppose the pineapple just sounded so appealing to me. Even more ironic, my cousin ordered the Salmon. I know - who orders salmon at a Burger joint?! Apparently fresh fish , particularly salmon, is hard to come by where she lives. Anyway, my chicken sandwich arrived and to my chagrin, the chicken tasted very dry. The pineapple I was craving didn't really compliment the chicken as I had anticipated. I suppose I can't discount them too much since I didn't order a burger; but how hard is it to cook chicken? The salmon, however, was reportedly delicious - and I think that is what was important. My cousin was visiting, not me. Maybe next time I will actually order a burger. Hopefully it will be a little better prepared than my chicken - juicy and delicious- as one would expect it to be.
4	Oh how I love the Burger Bar.  Oh how I love Vegas!  I'm gonna keep this short and sweet.  But let me ask you something.  Would you turn down a free $60 burger?  I was at the Burger Bar last year with a couple of buddies and I told them that I would get them all the Rossini Burger if I won big.  Well, I won big... So big that I was ready to purchase 4 Rossinis.  But these foolios declined.  Well, their loss.  So instead, they settled for the Kobe Beef Burger.  Juicy, tender, cooked to your liking, add some cheese and bacon, a side of onion rings, and an ice cold beer... what more could you ask for?!?!
5	Burger Bar in Vegas (Mandalay Bay) is the ultimate burger experience. I went for a work dinner and heard all the rave that it was ran or created by famous restaurateur Hubert Keller. I never heard of him before, but now think everyone should know about this place.I ordered the American Kobe Beef. This is the most expensive burger I ever ordered ($16). I have to agree that melts in your mouth and is very tender.  I went crazy and customized it by adding bacon and pepperjack cheese... and boy that really did hit the spot. Everything orders was delicious - onion rings, sweet potato fries etc. I love eating work with group so you can try everything.
4	Another review because I LOVE this place.This time around I got the Lo-Carb Burger- summer time and you got to look good. Hahaha :PYUMMMMMMMM! The cole slaw was awesome!Oh and the Ceasar salad is pretty frickin' good too! Of course I had to get the Jalapeno Pickles again- MMMMMmmMm MMmmMM good!It was awesome because of the TVs that they have in each booth. Got to watch the USA play in the World Cup. Awesome times but unfortunately they lost :(
3	Dinner on the strip and My T. suggests the Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay.  It's my first visit at this Hubert Keller restaurant and it's busy on a Saturday night.  They don't take reservations and won't seat you until your whole party is there...so hurry up people! The six of us squeeze into a booth where individual booth televisions make this a very sports bar friendly atmosphere.If you noticed, I'm not the biggest burger fan, so I end up with the Vegas Vegan Burger with Buttermilk Zucchini Fries ($12) - Sandwiched between two portobello mushroom caps are grilled roma tomatoes, grilled zucchini slices, sauteed peppers, and a roasted eggplant slice.  Sure, it's pretty generous sandwich because they really do load it up with veggies, so you'll get your fill on the vegetarian burger.  The fried zucchini was pretty standard, crispy and not soggy at all.The Husband had the American Kobe Beef Burger ($16.50), straight up.  They ask if you want to add various fillings like cheese, mushrooms, etc.  But he stuck to just the beef so he could taste the meat itself.  It was decent, but nothing special or worth the price.  (I guess what makes this place special is all the toppings you can add - 8 different kinds of cheese, lobster or shrimp, foie gras, chili, black truffles, or three different sauces.  All of these definitely bring the price of your burger up though!)Service was okay - we had to ask the waitress more than once for extra Ranch dressing, etc.  It's a busy place and with high backed booths, it's hard to see your tables.Overall, been there once and that's enough.  Don't think a return visit is necessary at this point.
5	I LOVE Burger Bar. i have been there about five times so far and even tried the Rossini ($60 burger). The price tag on the burgers is well warranted as i have yet to experience a burger that compares.There is usually always a 15-20 minute wait during dinner time and if you are super hungry that can be annoying. For me, it has always been well worth the wait. Overall the staff is friendly enough, service is solid -- nothing exceptional but also nothing to complain about. The food, however, is what earns this place a five star rating. I have had several burgers off their menu and the Rossini, of course, tops them all -- but for more budget oriented people I'd recommend the Buffalo Burger or the Kobe beef burger.   I had the Buffalo burger with grilled onion and avocado along with zucchini fries on my most recent visit. It was good but i should have ordered it medium instead medium well. I think with Buffalo meat being lean and dry naturally it is best to order it a bit juicier. Kobe beef burger was simply amazing and I have no complaints about it. The skinny fries are okay, as are the sweet potato fries and zucchini fries...I don't know, I have never met a fry I didn't like..I truly believe that you can't go wrong with anything on the menu at Burger Bar.
4	I had read in my trusty Fodor's guide that this was a good spot for an inexpensive lunch. We walked all the way down the strip to the location (it's in between the Luxor and Mandalay Bay). The resturant is located inside a small mall and when we got there was not overly packed. You can select what type of meat you want, they have everything from kobe beef to salmon to veggie. Then you select your toppings, again plenty of choices and then your bun type. I had the veggie burger with sweet potatoe french fries. The burger was delicious! I believe it was made with lentils and cheese and pumpkin puree? My man had an organic beef burger with bacon and seemd to enjoy it thoroughly! The drinks are expensive, $6 for a corona? But this is Vegas and there are no longer cheap options a plenty. I liked the vibe and here and would go back but the location makes it kind of troublesome.
3	I would really give this 2 stars, but I'm upping it a little bit because the other people liked their burgers. So here is the good: we ordered one of their adult millkshakes (has alcohol) - the mint chocolate chip flavored one - which was AWESOME. Mint and chocolate and so drinkable with mounds of chocolate whipped cream and an oreo - what's not to like? It actually didn't taste like alcohol at all, which was good for me, but got us wondering what we were paying for.That came before all our food so I was kinda stuffed by the time I got my burger. My mom had the chicken burger on a wheat bun without additional toppings and my friend had the salmon burger with blue cheese on a sesame bun. Both said that their meats were cooked really well. I was way waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay less impressed. I had the veggie burger since I'm vegetarian, which had an awesome description but was pretty effing bland. It was made of mushrooms, brown and white rice, lentils, caramelized onions, peas, and potatoes. It tasted just faintly of lentils and the mushy texture added nothing to the experience. I had mine on ciabatta bread, which wasn't toasted enough to my liking so it was kinda too soft. We also ordered sweet potato fries which were good, but nothing special. Same with the zucchini fries, which actually seemed like every generic burger joint zucchini sticks which you can buy in a freezer section. I was SUPER excited about their deep-fried pickles, and sorely disappointed - they were pickle spears, not chips, and the beer batter was crispy but way too heavy. I don't get why people think this place is so good - must be all the toppings. But if you have to rely on toppings, anything will taste good for a price, won't it?When the milkshake is the best part of my meal, suffice it to say that I won't be coming back. Too bad. When you go to a top chef restaurant, you expect top chef food.
5	Since this was my first time, I kept it simple...Black Angus Burger with Bacon on a Sesame Bun. The meat was very juicy and tasty. We also had the skinny fries and the onion rings...both were great. I also had the strawberry beer, which was good. I will definitely eat here again!!One word of advice, be sure to specify how much pink you want. We asked for 2 medium well burgers, but one came out more like medium and the other medium rare.
3	I started with the deep fried jalapeno pickles.  Highly recommended.  If you have vinegar based pickles the only real way to eat them is deep fried.After looking over the menu I didn't want the $60 kobe truffle burger.  Not going to spend that much before finding out if these guys know what they are doing.I got the Hubert burger.  This is blue cheese and caramelized onion based burger on ciabatta.  I got onion rings on the side.The onion rings are not bad but not better than say ... Carl's Jr.  I've had plenty of better ones.  I ended up eating only a couple.The burger itself was great at first.  I was so happy to see they got medium rare right.  However as you keep on eating the caramelized onion really dominates too much and the last few bites get bad.  They say chefs care most about the first and last bites so this burger fails.  The service was great.  I don't think I'll be going back as this place just doesn't stand out.  Bill was $36 for lunch for one with no alcohol so it's steep for the quality.
4	Okay, so everyone loves the Kobe Beef burger. The first time I went I tried it and I was not impressed at all. It seems like such a waste of great meat to just grind it up. Maybe it's because I'm not used to the flavor or I didn't like the idea of paying that much for a burger but I didn't think it was that great.The second time I ordered the Country Natural and customized it to my liking; I was very satisfied this time. The meat was juicy, the bun was tasty, and the sauce gave just the right complimentary flavor. The fries were also seasoned and cooked perfectly so that they were nice and crispy but not burnt.The food took awhile both times but the server was nice and she had all these cool tattoos. I like.
4	got a country natural, cooked medium, with blue cheese, caramelized onions, jalapeno bacon, aioli sauce, on a sesame seed bun, with half and half skinny fries and sweet potato fries!their onion rings are awesome! but just not enuff of em'don't forget ranch and Tabasco sauce!they don't have coke, only pepsi
4	Great burgers. Very decent beer menu. Kinda pricey, but worth it. Love this place. And I'm a local.
4	Any thick piece of JUICY MEAT between two buns does it for me... - Whole Wheat Bun Option (Score)- Trio Fry Selections (Score)- Kobe & Organic Beef (Score)- Exotic & High Quality Toppings (Score)- Crack Infused Milk Shakes (Score, Score, Score)Skip the Las Vegas Buffet's for lunch and treat yourself to A+ Burgers & Fries.Yes..they even have chicken and vegan options. Loosers ;-)
5	all of the fried goods=AMAZING!   im a vegetarian, & didnt love the veggie burger...  but the fries were perfect & the shakes were DELICIOUS!!
5	Love this place! Always one of our stops when we re in Vegas! (usually every August!). Amazing burgers you can customize- and now shakes and malts you can customize also!! Its one of the only reasons to come to Mandalay Bay (besides the shark reef if youve never been. That was cute!). We got back from Vegas a few weeks ago and last time at BB we upgraded to the Kobe beef burger. Delicious!! Cant wait to go back to BB!
5	List time!When I like a place a lot I tend to ramble on and on and on and on about nothing.  I get all excited and talk about every little detail that I can remember in order to paint a picture of how fantastic of a place the place I like is.  This place is no different.  As you can see... I'm already rambling and I didn't even start talking about the place yet.  What does that mean?  That means I LOVE this place.  So in an effort to skip the rambling I will make a list of why I love Burger Bar...1.) Hubert Keller- he is the chef behind this place.  He owns a fancy schmancy restaurant called Fleur de Lys that I have not had the pleasure of going to... I hear it's amazing.  He is amazing.  He is a wonderful man and a wonderful chef.  One of my faves in the world.2.) Build-it-yourself- you get to pick what kind of meat goes on your burger (Kobe, black angus, country natural, etc), what type of bun, what toppings, etc.. The choices and possibilities are endless... they have so many choices it's ridiculous and all their ingredients are high quality making for a fantastic burger experience.3.) Service- the staff is attentive and friendly and always ready to make great recommendations for your palate4.) Milkshakes- two words: Nutella. Milkshake.5.) Jalapeno bacon.  Boom.  Okay... so... this actually is a topping that is so good it deserves its own reason.  The jalapeno bacon is SO GOOD.  I'm really not sure how they were able to infuse the jalapeno flavor so well into the bacon... but it is so perfectly balanced with bacon and jalapeno flavor that you start to wonder if a pig and a jalapeno had a love child that resulted in this wonderful creation.  What?  Seriously... you do.  Okay, okay... maybe you just think they fed a pig jalapenos.  No but seriously... it has great flavor.When I went to Vegas the trip was only about 4 days but we ate here twice.  The first time I went I ate my burger w/ the jalapeno bacon and that flavor mixed with whatever else I put in was the best burger I've ever had in my life.  The second time I went I was without the jalapeno bacon and opted for the truffle sauce and some other stuff resulting in an okay burger.  Now I'm not saying that the jalapeno bacon is a make or break ingredient... I'm just saying that all the ingredients you put when you build your burger will make or break it... so choose wisely.. very very wisely.Did I ramble?  Darn it I did.  Fail.  Fail for me... not the burger.  The burgers are excellent.  Just the burgers by themselves are excellent... without anything on them.  Seriously.  Okay wait I'm doing it again.  Rambling that is.  Darn.  I really do like this place.  Really.  Go try it.
4	Long before yelp, I remember we ended up at this place by chance, as we were catching Carrot Top at Luxor.  I can't remember what kind of burger I had, but looking back on it, I thought "that burger I had at that place was really good."  Now, of course we all know what Burger Bar has become and that the place is pretty good.  Have returned on several occasions, which is rare, since I promise I don't live in Vegas. I want try the Surf and Turf burger, but I'm a little scared to change things up from the norm.
5	I'v scoured the earth looking for the best burger (and are continuing to do so).  As of the date of this writing, Burger Bar is in first place.  This place rocks, you can build your own burger or go with one from the menu.  If your cardiologist isn't satisfied with the bacon cheese burger (my favorite(, you can add delicious sweet potato fries, fried zucchini, or the traditional french fries.Oh, and a Nutella shake basically seals the deal on the best place to nurse a Las Vegas hangover.
3	I'll keep this one short and simple.I forgot what burger I ordered, but I think I would only come back for the Hubert Keller burger for $60.  I ordered random toppings, and it was... ok.  For $20, "ok" is "NOT ok."  Sure, the meat was tender, the fixings were fresh, but... I could also get that for $4 at In N Out.The $7 vanilla milkshake was... also "ok."  Alright, I'll acquiesce that it was good.  But Johnny Rockets' milkshake still reigns supreme in my book, and a little over half the cost.  (Mind you, I'd be willing to pay... $10 for an amazing milkshake, and cost has no factor in my decision that Johnny Rockets has the best I've tasted).The bartender looked like a buxom "Trinity" (from Matrix), and she was pleasant.  I did sit at the bar with my friends to eat, and it was definitely more enjoyable to have an attractive bartender serve us.But come back, I shall probably not.
1	I stopped by Burger Bar with a group of 12 at 8PM on Friday night.  They told us it would take about 40 minutes, so we left and came back at 8:30.  We were seated an hour and a half later at 10PM.The entire time, we were telling the hostess to just split our group into groups of 4 or 6, and every time, they would just tell us, "it's okay.. it'll just be 15 minutes."  During that hour and a half of standing in the middle of the mall, groups and groups and groups and groups of 4 or 6 white people were promptly being seated.  It's a lot of fun to watch somebody show up, get seated, eat, pay, and leave, while you're still waiting for a table.After we finally sat down (we demanded that they the let us take the next seatings regardless of the size of tables), service was good, and the burger was mediocre (maybe worth 3 yelp stars).  Not that good when compared to the Father's Offices and Umami Burgers of the world.  My nutella shake was pretty solid also.  But our experience was so atrocious that I've got to give it a 1 star.So to sum up, Burger Bar might be worth the trip if you are part of the Master Race, but I am not one of the lucky few, so I will never go back.
5	I love burgers, I love beer, I love milkshakes, and I love gourmet food. Being that Burger Bar has all of these things I love Burger Bar. I seriously almost ate here a second time in my 3 day vegas trip.AtmosphereIts nice we chose bar seating as I like bartenders better then I usually like waitresses. They know the booze better and they usually know the food better too. Plus it was the weekend of the hoodie award and the scenery was far too comedic not to sit and give me and the wife a good laugh. The crowd was lively and I interacted with some awesome people sitting around the bar. Great place to make friends, drink beer, and eat burgers. Service Our bartender was awesome he knew the food made solid recommendations and kept our glasses full in the midst of a ultra busy bar. We lucked out that Burger Bar was not showing the UFC fight or I am sure we would have not got a chance to eat at this awesome place. FoodOh man the food I had the standard angus, pepper jack, jalapeno bacon, avocado, caramelized onions,  grilled peppers, dijon, chipotle aioli, and onion rings. I have to talk about the individual components and then paint the overall picture.The beef is fresh, tender, well cooked, and delicious. It was juicy and tasty and could stand alone with no issue.The jalapeno bacon was something unlike I have ever tasted. How they got the jalapeno flavor so deep into the bacon is a mystery I will never fully understand but thoroughly enjoyed. Avocados, cheese, onions, and peppers were awesome the cheese was melted perfectly, the avocados fresh, the onions flavorful, and the peppers charred and delicious. The Chipotle Aioli is amazing I wanted a whole jar of that stuff. The dijon was great as well but the aioli was so good it made it an after thought.The onion bun was a masterful vehicle to transport all this awesome to my mouth and was really good.The onion rings were spectacular some of the best onion rings I have ever tasted.My only regret is I did not have any room for one of the milkshakes. My next trip to vegas will include a burger bar milkshake and a yelp update as well.In case you haven't got it by now let me be clear. You cannot lose eating at this place. Good food, great service, great people, and great beer. In other words get your butt in here.
4	Personally my rating for this place is probably a 3.75. I personally like the place a lot especially since the restaurant is established by Hubert Keller. I have some major respect for Hubert Keller and he is my favorite chef. Anyway back to the review. First of all, I would like to explain how this place was a major up for me when we first came here because it was still open at like 12? My friends went to the Ice lounge so it was perfect to come here after the lounge. We were all hungry and this place was the only place in the mall that was still open and that was exactly why we went to this restaurant. So that was already a good start.I really like the place a lot to be honest. There were so many different kind of burger to get. It was like Burger Heaven to me hahaha. You could either get a fixed selection of burger OR you can make your own burger with whatever topping you want in the inside. There were many pre-fixed burger that I want to get but dude...a burger with whatever you want is like a damn dream come true to me. :) SO OF COURSE I picked the "Make your own burger." ALTHOUGH i did wanted to try that one burger with lobster or the Hubert Keller burger but regardless I didnt regret it one bit.SO there were 4 different kind of meat you can get with the "make your own burger." There is the regular, buffalo, kobe, and one other kind that i forgot. It was a week ago. ANYWAY i got the regular patty with bacon, avocado, spinach, portebello mushrooms, grill onions, and i think thats it...? I'm not sure hahaha i got too much toppings. ANYWAY the burget came and the burger was huge. It was like my dream come true burger :) It was so hard to bite through it bit by bit but it was so tasty bite after bite. OH MAN. I love the burger that i got. It was so delicious. I tried my friend's burger which was legit as well. HE got the kobe patty with bacon, avocado, FRIED EGG, grill onions and some other stuff. I took a bite of it and i was also in love with it. :) There so many different kind of toppings you can get that its just so awesomeeee! I think my rating went kinda down when i saw and taste my friend's sliders. It was so plain and doesnt look that appetizing. It was anything special just 3 sliders with 3 different kind of patty. I tried it and the taste was not special and it was not the right match as i would say. The fries was pretty good. I don't know but I wouldn't mind coming back here to make my dream burger again. hehehe :)
5	Ah the first destination of gluttony was at The Burger Bar @ Mandalay Bay. Not only was the gf and I hungry after making our way down to Vegas, we were starting to get grumpy about it. The wait time: 25 minutes. The gf really didnt want to wait, but lucky enough she decided to do so or I would have missed out on what could have been...a great experience. During the wait, I stayed thirsty and ordered a Deadlift IPA. Being a gym junkie, I got the badge on my IPhone to prove it, I went with the Deadlift IPA just because a deadlift was a exercise. lol. The 9 oz's of golden brown liquid was filled in a wine shaped glass. Why couldnt restaurants serve IPA's in a schooner. 33oz of great beer would eliminate the hassle of reordering. Id be down for that. Not your standard beer, on a empty stomach, you can get tipsy quickly. As I grabbed my beer, the bartender forgets to even ring me up as I stood there waiting for the bill. Our table was ready and I was not about to stand there waiting for a bill so I took it with me to the table. Already, this place was a ++++ for me. Did I just get this right? A free beer? Hell yea! We sat down and looked over the menu. Kobe burger was the only option for me but I was debating if foi gras for a extra $30 even worth it. The gf rejected the notion of me eating a $60 burger so I parted ways and decided to go with some toppings. Kobe burger........and then some.-Avocados-Coleslaw- American cheese- Bacon- Grilled OnionsThe total for my burger alone was $26. All that was missing was a fried egg, in which the restaurant wanted to serve scrambled due to the recent egg scares. I ended up passing on it, but I knew a fried egg would have made it even better. Oh and it doesnt end there. I got an order of sweet potato fries and a Caramel Latte Milkshake. If your going to do it, DO IT BIG! That is just what I did. The gf had a Angus burger w/ aioli and skinny fries. As expected, when our burgers came out, Kobe beef is Kobe beef. I tried both the Angus and Kobe and was able to make a direct comparison. Hell, even in a blind taste test, I would be able to differentiate Kobe beef with Angus Beef. The very first bite of the Kobe burger and the juices gushes all over my hands. The texture was so soft and moist. Each bite took very little effort as the Kobe beef melted away in my mouth. The Caramel Latte Milkshake was made of coffee ice-cream, caramel syrup, graham crackers, and butterscotch morsels. My god, it made me wonder what the other milkshakes tasted like because this one was just indescribable in words. Any explanation would be unjustified. The Burger Bar got me. It got me good. Definitely a must try if you want a great burger.
4	Burger Bar is a loud, crowded, but deliciously wonderful place. The burgers are perfectly cooked to your liking. I ordered mine medium and it was perfectly pink all the way through. I did the customize your own burger. I opted for the Kobe Beef burger with grilled onions, cheddar, avocado slices, and skinny fries. Perfect and delicious, loved the skinny fries nice and salty hot and crunchy. The milkshakes look fantastic but i was so full there was no way I could fit more in. Definitely would go again!!Only complaint they said 15-20min wait but it was more like 30-40. Very popular spot.
3	It was a great thing after the Richard Petty Driving Experience, but definitely not worth the big money.
4	I live in SF and have been to burger bar before, so I knew exactly what was in store for us. Great burgers, great shakes and bank breaking for lunch, but that's not an issue for me. I know you are not supposed to fall in love in Vegas, but I did. Nutello shake, let me get yo number baby b/c you got it goin on!!! Absolutely hands down the best shake I have EVER tasted. They serve it up in a ginormous glass and it's enough for two unless you are like me and you just want to be greedy and enjoy every last spoonful to yourself. I shared, I did. We both had the Kobe beef burger. I got mine with the jalapeno dusted bacon. Check that out folks. Spicy bacon is all good in my book! We went with the fat fries b/c we had bad skinny fries at another spot the day before and we wanted REAL fries this time around. Burger was cooked to perfection. Huber rocks it. It's like ordering a steak when you dine at burger bar. They are on point with this aspect of the food. When you say medium rare, it's medium rare. When you say well done (as my good friend Lizzy said) it's well done. I appreciate the attention to detail in life and clearly my boy Hubert does as well. The decor is simple and the tables are reminiscent of a TGIF, which is not cool and they have mini TV's at each booth. So much for my promise to Lizzy that I wouldn't watch sports today. The SF location has these really cool high sitting tables and cool chairs and I guess I expected since it's Vegas, they would do it right. Whatever, the food was off the charts, the service was exceptional and in the end, burger bar is a very safe spot to grub b/c you know for a fact it's gonna be on point each and every time.
3	I've wanted to try Burger Bar for a long time now (since Hubert is so awesome!), so I knew I couldn't pass up the opportunity. An added plus is that the restaurant is open until 1 a.m., which makes it one of the few in the area, I believe. It was perfect for us to go try after our show!I had the trio mini sliders which were accompanied with a side of fries. Each burger had its own little spin-- one classic, one with bacon, and one buffalo! Each one was unique enough to stand on its own. Even after finishing all of them, I could still recollect what each one tasted like individually, and that's the whole point, right?All my friends were satisfied with their burgers too. I have to say that the fries were cooked nicely, but they weren't anything special. In the end, it's a three-star because I think one, the burger could have been more juicy, and two, there are other burgers that deliver on the same price and budget.
4	Craft beer and burgers, a winning combination.  The Burger Bar in Las Vegas has done a great job of mixing the two.Our first visit to Burger Bar was exactly one year ago to date - and it was probably one of our best Las Vegas STRIP experiences ever.  Before we knew about Aces and Ales - we always figured craft beer in Vegas was a bust.  As a last ditch attempt on our LV craft beer journey, I decided to do some research on yelp.  Did it exist?  Luckily fellow yelpers were able to direct me to Burger Bar. At first we weren't sure what to think - my first concern was that being a Hubert Keller restaurant, it would be extremely expensive (sure, his food is amazing and restaurants are to die for, but only on very special occasions!)  My second concern was it's location on the strip.  I wasn't quite sure what we'd be in for.Luckily, my fiance, who refers to my trip preparation as "research," trusts my recommendations, so we took a chance.  We were pleasantly surprised.  It's a really cute restaurant, with more of a pub vibe.  Although their logo is  a martini glass with "Burger Bar" on it, they have much more than cosmos and appletinis.  We were very happy to see Dogfish Head 90 Minute on tap (NOT 60, but 90) at a very reasonable price.  They also had a decent bottle selection, keeping in mind that we were in Vegas and weren't even expecting to see Sierra Nevada on tap.  They also had their local brew and a few others that were impressive.   Nothing rare, but still more than decent.  We had been back to Vegas since then, but had never made the effort to head towards that side of the strip.Fast forward a year later.  Our 2nd Annual Labor Day trip, we decided to hit Burger Bar since we were already at Mandalay Bay for a concert at the House of Blues.  We first arrived at 8PM and it was packed. No seats at the bar (our preferred seating of choice - easier access to the bartenders :)  and there were a TON of people waiting for a table.  We decided to head to Mix for a beverage and stop by on our way back to see if anyone had left.  Sure enough - 9PM on a Sunday - we found two perfect spots at the bar!  Timing is everything.Dogfish Head 90 Minute was again on tap - 9oz for $5 - pretty good for a 9% beer!  Then I saw Lagunitas Lucky 13 on tap - 9 oz for $4.50.  I really couldn't pass that up!We ordered rounds of beer, and my fiance and I decided to split the Surf & Turf burger (a burger with lobster and asparagus- $24.00) - surprisingly - soo good, with fries and an order of their Jalapeno Fried Pickles.  The burger was awesome, the fries were crispy and flavorful, (not burnt) and the fried pickles were probably my favorite.  I know people who say anything deep fried is better, and I normally try to avoid that motto like the plague.  But I was glad I tried these. A hint of jalapeno in the light batter, and the clean, fresh flavor of the pickles took away that greasy aftertaste you normally get from fried food.  They did split up our order (they cut our burger up and separated the fries for us).  We noticed after that there is a $2.00 split fee, which didn't bother us - but worth mentioning in case you are thinking of sharing.The crowd is extremely eclectic.  A variety of college kids, older couples, younger couples, families...and it was busy - even on a Sunday night (although it was Labor Day weekend so that's expected).  Almost a little too busy and loud for us.  Although casual, it's anything but a dive.The service was super friendly and nice (which is one thing that had stuck out for us the first time around).  Higher end burger shops and gastro pubs seem to be the trend wherever we go nowadays - Burger Bar is definitely one of the better ones.  I only give it four stars because it's probably not somewhere we would frequent if we lived in LV.  It is a little pricey, and the ambience is a little noisy and cluttered. I will say that Burger Bar is consistent - even a year later we had the same great experience.  Nothing much had changed, but I guess if it ain't broke don't fix it.  Worth checking out - especially if you enjoy beers and burgers!
4	Were normally not burger fans, but felt like something different. We were not disappointed, the food was awesome. We both had American Kobe Beef burgers with customized toppings. The service was good and quick and the place had tv's all over. They have a ton of beer, mostly bottles and a full bar. It's also close to a bunch of other restaurants, which is cool if you're doing a little bar hopping.
5	i love hamburgers. and this is my favorite place to get them. only if i came to vegas more often :( they have different types of beef, i don't remember off the top of my head which one i order, but it's delicious. they also have desserts that are shaped like burgers.
4	Skeptical at first.  Who orders a 60buck burger?  Who do you think you are blowing paper on a...BURGER??   Well, apparently pigs fly cuz...THIS girl does (BOTH thumbs guiltily pointed my way). Truth be told, I went halfsies with my cousin, so I did pay less for a decently portioned taste of pure decadence. mmMMmmmmm...dooOOD??!  MY MOUTH made NASTY LOVE to that burger..no joke.  The Rossini Burger had foie gras and truffles on kobe beef.  I'm on no foie gras or truffle bandwagonee train and neither do I consider my palette super refined.  But I do and will acknowledge excellence, and THAT burger was excellently erotic in my MOUTH. mmMMmmmm.. In-N-Out, Rocky's (in SD), Paul's (in NY) and Burger Bar - top 4 in my book.  And I can't really compare all my fave burger joints cuz it's like comparing apples to oranges. Also, may I suggest ordering the Nutella Shake.  I requested to swap out the chocolate ice cream with coffee instead and consider your first sip an insta-smile. and p.s. the service is great. and sure the wait can be long on busy days, but there's an urban outfitters just around the corner to kill time.
4	I've heard about this Burger Bar last year and wanted to try it since we were in Las Vegas for the Labor day weekend and to celebrate my friends birthday. We had a party of 7 (5 adults & 2 kids) on Sat. night for dinner at 7 and was seated less than 5 minutes with no reservations!! Wow, I was impressed and very excited to see what the fuss was all about. I've been to very good burgers joints in San Francisco, so I wanna see if this will top it . We were seated in a booth , very cozy and comfortable even for 7 of us. I order the country natural beef burger with baby spinach, grilled onions, cheddar cheese on a sesame bun medium rare of course and order the fried sampler (fat fries, buttermilk zucchini fries & buttermilk onion rings). I custom built my burger and decided not to put any mayo, mustard, ketsup etc because it would taste better ( its the beef, right?). My total was about $23 without drink, so is it worth it?? YES,YES,YES!!!! Not only it was the Best  burger I had ever tasted , but the burger was cooked to perfection, Medium Rare !! Oh yes, WARNING, the fried sampler was a FULL order of each fried item, 3 large portions I just could not finish!! The fried zucchini and onion ring were perfectly cooked and was Delicious. Between us, all were very full and very pleased, not bad, the total billed was less than $160 (This IS Las Vegas!!). A Must Go to all Burger Lovers and YES, Burger Bar tops it all!!
1	Wow, was the manager of this restaurant incredibly rude! We had a guest in our party with food allergies and while simply inquiring how their fair was prepared we were greeted with hostility and frustration, seemingly wasting his time.We had zero expectation of accommodation, only inquiring how their food was prepared. You would think we asked them to give us their top secret recipes for, of all things, a burger joint for crying out loud.While the manager was startlingly rude, the hostess was pleasant and was at least sensitive to our plight.I'm not sure I'd give this place another chance, but if you have possible food issues, I'd go ahead and skip this one. They're not likely to care.
4	Stopped in at Burger Bar for lunch with some friends and really enjoyed it. I think combined the four of us couldn't have asked for much more. I went with the grass fed burger with bacon and cheese with the fat fries. I could taste the difference between a normal Angus burger immediately. The burger was cooked right and the peppered bacon was thick and delicious. Overall the menu was vast and offered a lot of options for toppings and sides. Friendly staff and plenty of TVs if your into watching sports while you eat.
5	Let me get to the point! Burger bar rocks and i'm glad they have one in SF.  I wonder if its just as good..We ordered the kobe beef burger with skinny fries and a side order of jalapeno beer battered pickle spears.  Good laaaaaaaaaaaawd! I was in heaven, such a great burger, super crisp and well seasoned fries and damn those pickle spears!!  Addicted...
4	The name says it all, great burgers and a great bar.  There is usually a wait for a table but they have a ton of bar seating which is also great for watching sports.  I am drawn to restaurants with a quality beer selection and this establishment is one of them.  If you are feeling like a high roller you can order a kobe burger but I think this is a waste of money.  Build your own, order a great pint, and enjoy!
4	Pretty good burgers and the fries are decent. Service is hit & miss. Been there twice and the first time the service was horrible - the staff that day were the typical Vegas douche-nozzles who were paying more attention to their own conversations than the customers - not many smiles either. The second time I went the staff was great - very attentive and friendly. Make sure to build your own burger.
2	the quality of meat and selection of beers are the best things here.  the burgers, sliders, fries, fried zucchini were all boring and overcooked, and the decor, ambiance and service were all pretty stale. better than most other options in the area probably, but not worth getting excited about.
5	Because my pal Tony D said to go here... we did!!Best Burgers - EverProof there is a God - jalapeno bacon!!!High quality meat, incredible selection and the home of the $12 milkshake!!This is a must do destination in Vegas. I didn't figure out until I got there that you can just go through a mall hallway area right from the Mandalay Bay to get here. I thought we would have to leave the hotel... silly me... one never needs to LEAVE the hotel...Loved this... you will too.
4	Here's the beef!Fat, tasty, juicy burgers any way you want it.  This is the ONLY joint I've ever been able to get my burgers bloody as hell.  Awesome sweet potato fries.Enjoy the food, but don't expect 5 star service.
5	Hands down....the best burger I have tasted in my life was here. I simply can't wait to go back!
4	I love me a good Burger and this place had lots of options. I custom made mine and it was delicious. They serve sweet potato fries which seem to be a huge hit with my peeps.  Large variety of beers. The milkshakes were pretty darn good as well. I'm actually kind of disappointed that I didn't get one myself. Next time!!
4	One of my favorite burger places in LV!  I always get the turkey burger, and it's always juicy and delicious (many turkey burgers at other restaurants are often dry and bland, but BB knows their turkey burgers)!  I've had a few bites of the Kobe Beef burgers (my hubby's favorite) and they are extremely tender and juicy :)  I was also ecstatic to find a place that has sweet potato fries (some pretty damn good sweet potato fries to be more specific).  It's also great that they are open later :)
5	Ate here on my last night in Vegas. Very welcoming staff and was seated within five minutes. I loved the decor of the restaurant/bar. The beer was great and my girlfriend had a sombrero (khalua/milk) which was also very tasty. But now onto the nitty gritty. We tried the fries sampler with fat fries, skinny fries, and onion rings and all were cooked to perfection. I enjoyed every bite of them. Now....One of the BEST burgers I have ever had. Was the one they let me create through their nifty "Create a burger" section on their menu. You get to choose the type of meat, bun, toppings, cheese, anything you can think of to create your perfect burger. I got mine with a Wheat bun, Kobe Beef, Red wine sauce, pepper jack cheese, and jalapenos. The burger was soooo JUICY. Incredible. Delicious. Mouth watering! It is very hard to compare to any other burger I have had in recent memory. Although the Kobe beef makes it a little more pricey at $24 for the entire burger it was definitely worth the money. Enjoy your own burger creations!
4	Good food and fast turn around, which is great in Vegas since you don't have to wait awhile if you haven't made a reservation. Our server was uber friendly and fast. So nice to have service with a smile! My burger was cooked perfectly at medium rare. I ordered the peppercorn burger which is the only thing I would change about my order. The sauce was really mild and runny. So that made it hard to taste, especially as it was running out the side, but one can always dip!Reasonable prices if you are looking for a quick place to grab something to eat without putting a lot of thought or planning into it. I didn't try one of their shakes, but they looked tasty and heard they are delish.
4	So my friends and I were in town for a conference, and we're trying to find a place that's better than fast food but wouldn't require reservations or dropping 40+/person.We actually did the random restaurant picker @ Urban Spoon and got this place.  I was really impressed.  I had the Kobe Beef burger medium rare which was awesome as well as both sweet potato fries and onion rings.The food was great, the service was fast (esp considering our waitress had a table of 15+ right next to us), and I'd definitely go back for 2nds.
4	Have you seen the How I Met Your Mother episode where they're hunting endlessly for the best burger in New York?  Well, this is the best burger in Las Vegas.  (Lines from that episode were running through my head the entire meal.)I tried three different types of burgers, sweet potato fries, zucchini fries, and a French Kiss (milkshake for alcoholics), and they were all insanely good.  Service was prompt and friendly for us, but looking at some of the other reviews I guess that's not always the case.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that it's very expensive considering the types of food you're getting, deliciousness notwithstanding.  4.5 is my intended rating.
3	So..I guess Burger Bar is the more casual side to Hubert Keller. I've seen Hubert many times on the streets of Union Square and at food and wine festivals and I always wanted to try his food. I guess this day was the perfect day. I was craving a burger and I thought what a better place than to finally experience a Hubert Keller burger. I must say I was expecting my server to show of their tummies and for them to look like they had a good time at a bar. So I was really crossed on what kind of burger to get and I ended up getting the classic Hubert Keller burger....I must say it was a very strange tasted. I ended up taking only a couple of bits and putting it down. I tried my friend's Burgers and they tasted great. For a restaurant that focus' on burgers I was definitely disappointed. It lacked a lot of good mixtures of flavor. The fries were ok too. The sauces that they gave you were good. The servers were pleasant and nice. They were accommodation especially when the burger came out to be the wrong temperature. You would think they would have it down because it is a burger bar. I guess everyone has their slip once in a while. None the less, they were very nice about it and the manager gave him a whole new plate.
3	What a disappointment this place was for me.  Beer selection was large in number but nothing much of interest to people who are really into beers.  Sure they have just about any import that you can get at any bar that has imports, but who cares?  Service was sketchy on one visit, and good on another, so hard to evaluate overall for that.  Veggie burger was ok as far as a house-made version goes.  Prices were a little high.
3	To me, Las Vegas is all about glitz and glam.  Thanks to Burger Bar's Rossini Burger, you can feed the glamorous foodie in you too!Okay, the restaurant itself isn't really glamorous; it's a typical bar/burger joint.  At the time I dined here, the 2010 World Cup was going on, so the place was packed with testosterone-driven men of different nationalities, screaming and getting heated up.  But the food is another story.  That's right.  I'm talking about the legendary: The Rossini.  Rossini burger may overwhelm you at first.  When I first saw the description, I thought to myself, "Sure, I enjoy Kobe beef, foie gras, and black truffles, but all in one setting, in a form of burger?"  After minutes of serious hesitation, I decided to order it.  If I don't enjoy the burger, oh well, at least I would have gained an invaluable experience.Okay, the burger was good.  But of course, it should be good; it has three of the most treasured ingredients in the culinary field after all.  But after a couple of bites, I started to feel the heaviness of the burger and I was done before I could even finish half of the burger.  I also ordered the Nutella milkshake, but I couldn't even get to it.  So if you are a lightweight diner like me, share and split the burger!
4	Located at the Mandalay Bay and run by the famous gourmet chef Hubert Keller, this place is a burger connoisseur's dream. Straight up burgers, from a regular old fashioned burger to grourmet kobe burgers. I sat at the bar at the bar while I ate, and it was a week day so the place wasn't too crowded, hence I don't know how to rate the service. But as far as burgers go, if you like burgers, you must go here. For the vegetarians, they have veggie burger on the menu, and for the adventurous, they even have a buffalo burger - and no not the buffalo that accompanies the sauce - I am talking a real buffalo burger. They also have some real funky desserts to match their burger theme. Like a donut burger or a chocolate burger. I didn't try any desserts though. Only thing to watch out for - it may be a place that sells burgers, but its no McDonalds. Don't expect a 99 cent menu. It is a touch pricey.
5	There are some foodies who love the classics, especially when a restaurant offers a classic perfected.  As one of these people, I've spent much of the past year hunting for the best burger in Vegas.  If it's not the best burger restaurant in Vegas, Burger Bar is in the top three places in town offering ground meat on a bun.  The restaurant's decor is simple -- think neighborhood bar tucked away in a casino.  But the menu is vast.  It's a high-market grocery store's collection of meat, vegetables, cheeses, sauce options.  Put simply: Burger Bar is [bleep]'n fantastic.The cooks prepare the patty perfect to order (I'm a medium rare kind of girl).  I had my bison burger with blue cheese and cucumbers.  The cheese was appropriately pungent and tasty and the cucumbers were fresh and crispy.  And the whiskey milkshake I ordered was brilliant.   Sure, it has higher prices, but the cost is downright decent considering it's located on the Vegas strip.
1	Good burger.  Just as good as Red Robin, but not better and twice as pricey.  Ok service but poor atmosphere.  LOUD!  If you want blasting noise, RumJungle is just a short walk away.  Why not leave the loud dance tunes up to the REAL DJ's?  This place is catering to the young d-bag crowd.  No thanks, never again.
5	HUBERT KELLER! Love watching him on PBS. The Burger Bar is the best pre- or post- House of Blues show dining. There is a burger for every taste. Every burger I have had has been amazing. For those first time diners, I highly recommend the sliders. You get three different burgers and fries. Don't expect McDonald's prices, but I believe the cheapest burger is around 8 bucks. If you don't mind sitting at the bar, the bartenders are pretty entertaining and very attentive.GET THE TWINKIE SHAKE. SOOO GOOOD!
3	i have eaten at burger bar three times, once on every trip to las vegas. i have pretty much always gotten the same toppings, and always the kobe beef burger, medium rare.the first time, i thought it was FANTASTIC, the best burger i've ever eaten.the second time, i thought it was utterly mediocre and an atrocious waste of money.on the third visit, i decided that burger bar is good (maybe the 2nd trip was just an off night for them), but there are definitely better places to eat in las vegas and i don't feel a need to return. the make-your-own-burger format is not unique and while the kobe and toppings are delicious, overall, i don't think it's anything special.
4	Husband and I visited the Burger Bar a couple of weekends ago during our "staycation" on the Strip.  We went on a Friday night, so  it was jam-packed. Upon checking in with the (very disinterested) hostess, we found out that the wait was going to be at least 30 minutes unless we found a seat at the bar. We scoped out the bar and finally found two handicapped accessible seats at the very back. Hey, I'd sit at the kids table if it meant that I'd get to eat sooner. Luckily, two people at the main bar left and husband was able to snag their seats. No kiddie table for us, yay!Of course, sitting at the bar meant that the service was a little slow, but it wasn't horrible. The bartender was friendly, so that goes a long way.  The food definitely made up for it.  We got an appetizer of the jalepeno beer-battered fried pickles, which stayed piping hot all the way to the last bite. Husband got the surf and turf burger and fries ($24) while I made my own: American "Kobe", medium-well, oyster mushrooms, monterey-jack cheese, and bacon. Side of sweet-potato fries ($22). I don't know if it was a $22 burger- I could have done without the bacon, but it was fantastic. DH couldn't keep his hands off my sweet potato fries, either.We were too full for shakes or desserts, but enjoyed our experience there and can check it off our list of burger joints!
5	AMAZING! Loved Burger Bar!!Got a custom burger, can't remember now everything I put on it but it rocked. Sweet potato fries are the way to go. Great selection of beers, ciders and whatnot.Got a pear cider that was exceptional and came in a huge ass bottle. I think it was made in NYC. Our bartender was great too, very friendly and down-to-earth.Price was great for the quality of food, drink and service!!
5	Stopped by here because I was staying at THEhotel@Mandalay & needed food in mah belly before going out for a night of clubbing ! Wasn't expecting much but left pleasantly surprised.I got a Buffalo Burger w/ sprouts & avocado -- might as well try something different right ? I was apprehensive at first but WOW my mind was blown! Tender, juicy and came in a really fat patty mmhmmmm. They have a pretty large selection so if you're indecisive you're kinda screwed. Since it's a burger 'bar' you can build your own  burger & customize what you put on it, and they had a pretty good variety of choices.. including truffles or FOIE GRAS if you're feeling fancy!Their sweet potato fries & fat fries were pretty good, but he winner of the night was the mound of ZUCCHINI FRIES ! I was setting myself up for a heart attack but it's Vegas, baby and I didn't care !They also have a GREAT beer & wine selection, our table got the chimay & fruli  & they were both delicious ! I prefer the chimay though.At the end of the meal a nice lady asked to take our picture for us, then printed it out in keychains as a souvenir (..for FREE)  ! I thought that was a really cute touch and showed their customer service is a priority.
4	:o)It pains me to give Burger Bar four stars.  First of all, I'm not typically a burger type of gal, except when it comes to In n Out, but everything surpassed my expectations and was super tasty.  Unfortunately, my burger's lobster was overcooked and service slightly disappointed me.  :(  BURGERS:Hubert Keller burger - Buffalo, caramelized onions, baby spinach, blue cheese on a ciabatta bun.  The buffalo added the perfect amount of gaminess to give this burger a good earthy kick with the blue cheese to add a mildness to it.  Which was slightly odd since blue cheese has so much flavor and usually packs a bold punch.  Everything harmonized beautifully and I was happy to chomp away. Surf & Turf - Black Angus, grilled half lobster, grilled green asparagus on a plain bun.  Sadly, the lobster was overcooked and was chewy.  Other then that, the green asparagus complemented this burger perfectly.American Classic - Black Angus beef, America cheese, crispy bacon, tomato, onion on a sesame bun.  A very good basic burger.  The juiciness of the beef makes this one exceptional.SIDES:Sweet potato fries - Hands down the sweet potato fries won the sides battle.  They were very typical very good sweet potato fries.  Good ratio of sweetness and saltiness, and nice and crispyOnion rings - These babies reminded me of the onion rings you get at Carl's Jr. with the same texture and crispiness.  The biggest difference between the ones at Burger Bar is that the onions doesn't slide right out of the ring.  :) Aioli - Do yourself a favor and just get it.  It's so good.  I wanted to cover my hands with this sauce and lick it all day.  I know it sounds absolutely disgusting, but it was soooooo good!!Zucchini fries, Skinny fries, Fat fries - They're all good, but not amazing.From a service standpoint, I was a bit disappointed because we told the server that it was my friend's birthday.  Sadly, she didn't bring us a little burger dessert, but we were stuffed beyond all belief to even fathom having another bite.Here's a little note.  Keep their number on hand.  Even though they don't take reservations, you can call them to ask them for a wait time and to put your party on the list.  It's almost like a fast pass for the Burger Bar.  :)
5	KOBE BurgerHands down, the best burger I've ever had. You don't even have to go all out with the truffles. Just the simple kobe beef, sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomato, and onion. This will be the juiciest burger you will have. I have to stop by this joint every time I'm in town. It's horrible when a burger joint knows you by name. Huh, what you gonna doAlsoChicken Sandwich=goodBuffalo Burger=greatSweet Potato Fries=gone
5	I love this place, I go to Vegas every couple of months and they are AWESOME!!  Salmon burger is amazing and so inexpensive.  You have to go and its worth the wait.  Great service, great food and usually open late.
4	I wish there was a way to give another half star.  This place is really great.  The burgers, of which there is every imaginable combination of proteins, cheeses, and other toppings are delicious.  on top of that there is a tremendous beer selection.  and they have fried pickles.  the only down side is the restaurant is nowhere near the casino or other restaurants.
5	BEST DAMN BURGERS on the strip!! After our convention ended for the day, my boss and I wanted to get something to eat after all the activities. The location of the Burger Bar is between Luxor and Mandalay Bay at the Mandalay Place Mall. I wasn't sure what to expect, but sure was great my boss wanted to go here. I was supposed to go here last November, but my plans had switched because of the Pacquiao fight.We were greeted by a beautiful lady and placed on the tables near the entrance because the booths were full. My boss wanted to see the Football game, but at the same time have a great meal with our work money. I opened up the menu and I see this expensive $60 burger. Foie Gras Burger...What?! Geez. I ordered the American Classic with skinny fries ($14). I am not sure what my boss ordered since it was a customized burger, but sure was delicious for both of us. I guess I am willing to pay $14 for a burger, but not a dime more.The atmosphere was awesome and people were just having fun watching the game either with the MLB or NFL. The American Classic Burger is a MUST!!! One day...I will order the Foie Gras Burger...just need to win $60 bucks.....Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
5	No........ you're not drunk!! It really IS the best burger in Las Vegas!! I always go with Kobe Beef burger and strong dirty martini. Can you really go wrong? Did I mention the DESSERT BURGER?! My taste buds are leaping for joy as we speak!! Make reservations or leave extra time to stand in a long line.
5	I regret eating at the Burger Bar, now I am back in Chicago searching for a burger that only exists in Vegas. During my visit, I had the Hubert Keller Burger medium rare, which was medium rare and juicy. By far the BEST burger I ever had. My favorite part was the spinach and blue cheese that complemented each other so well. And the caramelized onions was so sweet (in a good way). When I visit again, I hope they' still have the Hubert Keller!
5	Is it cliche to give this place 5 stars??? I don't care! I would agree, this is probably among the best burger places in the city.....Yes, the prices are more than what you would pay at Apple-bee's and/or In-n-Out.... but OBVIOUSLYYYY this is a much more quality burger and you do get what you pay for. For my experience: I sat at the bar. I didn't plan on it, but there was no wait.. and I was hungry! Overall I highly recommend sitting at the bar, there are plenty of bartenders, they are attentive and right there when you need them. If I were to be sitting in the restaurant, I would prefer to be in a booth because the tables seem like you would always feel in the way. For our eats we STARTED (which was a mistake) with the Nutella shake. I will dream about this delicious thing for the rest of my life. Something this tasty shouldn't be allowed to exist. If you love Nutella, you will fall in love with this incredibly easily. Its topped with fresh cocoa whipped cream, hazelnuts, and chocolate chips! I will drink this down before I die.Burgers: I really wanted the buffalo burger(which they serve here) because I love buffalo and its better alternatives to beef. But, I stuck with turkey. Turkey burger with provolone and guacamole on a ciabatta bun. This baby was steamin when it came out. Fresh off the grill. I really appreciated the guacamole they had here, fresh and yummy, and its obviously not for dipping chips in, and they understand that. It is for spreading and the consistency of it was beautiful for spreading! All the burgers come with lettuce, tomato, and purple onion on the side... and a pickle spear:] My friend got a burger as well, and she also got the zucchini fries, PIPING HOT also. These were good, and a good change from fries. Sadly, I couldn't finish my burger because of the delicious Nutella shake. I will definitely be back here for my indulgence and gluttony, but next time I will fast and make sure Burger Bar is the only thing to be in my stomach that day.
4	So I get a call from one of my sisters. She was in Vegas and tells that I have to try Keller's Burger Bar as we are Top Chef Fans, that it is super delicious and how I will love the waitresses. Well I did and she was right on both counts. The burgers are so uber yummy. My girl and I had the Kobe burgers.....simply wonderful. Oh so Juicy. They stay open a bit later which is great. Regarding the waitresses, they are all young very attractive brunets, Keller and I have similar taste in women.
5	Love this place! You can't go wrong for a great burger! Usually hit this place once per month and have been going for the last year.The Buffalo is my regular choice, however, I haven't had a bad choice on the menu yet. Milkshakes are great if you're going low octane. If you're not going low octane, their beer list is huge. Lots of Dog Fish Head selections and they all rock.Regular food, always good, slightly pricey but its on the Strip. Great place to go before a night at House of Blues rocking out.
4	I believe there's only one in Vegas and how befitting for such a great sit-down burger joint! I wouldn't call myself a burger kind of person but I do consider myself a man of great taste. And flavor! Mmm :9"I stay Gucci down to the socks!" (c) Christopher Wallace. I live by a motto of never believing in something because of the hype. Not that I'm too good to give a little attention to pop culture, but just because I go in it to find out for myself and walking into Burger Bar with that same exact mentality. I almost ALWAYS, ALWAYS call a restaurant when I'm on my way to let them know that I will be paying them a visit. I give them my name, ask if it's busy, and the amount of time it will take for me to go from "here" to "there" so they can expect me. And that is exactly what I did:"Hi, my name's Aljamin. What time do you guys close? ...Late? Awesome! I'll need a seat... no... just me. Great! What was your name again? Awesome, Joel! I'll be there in about 15 minutes. Thanks again!"99.9% of the time, my table is already set. And that it was! +1 for Joel at Burger Bar! Excellent customer service and superb follow through. The menu is EXCELLENT! I browsed through it and a bunch of stuff made me "oo! and ahh!" First thing I noticed was the most expensive burger on the menu: Kobe burger with foie gras (duck liver), black truffles, caramelized onions?! Mmmm.... I couldn't afford it at the time, but hear me Kobe burger! YOU WILL BE CONQUERED! Haha!If you know what a salad bar is, you get the idea of what Burger Bar is like. You pick your meat, your bun, your toppings, and a side. I went with the Kobe beef, Swiss cheese, on a wheat bun with caramelized onions (lettuce and tomato come with it), and a succulent red wine reduction sauce on the side. Order you some sweet potato fries and you're set! Once you destroy the burger, get the Nutella shake for dessert! Magnific!I would definitely come here again and create my next masterpiece!
4	Hands down, best burger I have ever eaten. Before even entering Mandalay Bay, I was telling myself to critically rate this restaurant for every minute detail. Working from a fast food burger joint (In-N-Out Burger), I've had my plentiful shares of burgers from all sorts of places and arriving at one of my favorite chef's resto, Hubert Keller, I was pleasantly impressedAccompanied by the 2 most trustworthy women in my life, we busted a "Lord of the Ring's" journey to get here. From the Manadalay Bay entrance, the Burger Bar is far... Once arrived at this eatery, I noticed the settings is quite dim and social. There was a bar ofcourse but there were also booths and tables. Great take on a mix between a "fine brewery". The place "looked" packed and we had to wait for a good 15 min. for a booth but there were already a couple of empty booths so I didn't understand the point of waiting... Our server was nice at first but like a oddly new friend that you meet who suddenly opens up the next day, you see their real side and you don't like it. She was serving us like a quick Asian at an oriental restaurant. Didn't really care for hospitality, but got our orders right. She was also pregnant so maybe it was a mood swing that we ended up seeing?... I dunno. Anyways, onto what we ordered:Marinated Chicken Breast Burger w/ Swiss Cheese on a Whole Wheat Bun - Great chicken taste, nice and tender and the slice was not too big to overwhelm the swiss cheese or the bun. The cheese even had holes in it! The bun to compliment was great as well. Fluffy and a discerning wheat taste. These guys weren't playing around with the choices of ingredients.Black Jack Burger on a Ciabatta - a thick beefy behemoth with thick italian square buns. It wasn't accompanied with any cheese (cuz my girl didn't ask for any) but the taste was still apparent. Medium well, moist ground up beef which was well seasoned and full of flavor. I really wished there was some sauce to accompany it but for a mere bread, meat, and veg combo, it still tasted out of the ordinary. Surf and Turf Burger on an Onion Bun - as a lover for steak and lobster, this burger was right up my alley. Think of a cheesecake with a graham cracker crust topped with thick full whip cream... but SAVORIZED! The asparagus was buttered with the texture of a moist graham cracker, my medium rare black angus didn't seem as big as the Black Jack Burger's but the texture was pure butta (that thing couldn't keep together on a fork). The lobster was perfectly cooked, tender for a lean meat, and complimented the steak and asparagus texturely, perfectly! I was kind of worried the server didn't ask me if I wanted cheese on it, but honestly you don't need any. Just another flavor to get in the way of the stars of the show. On the down side, from how moist everything was, it made the bottom bun really soggy. Nevertheless, the onion bun had an onion taste that you could not miss (which was great!) The lettuce, onions, and tomatoes on the side of these burgers were fresh and crisp. It could've been a side salad all together. Plus the pickle garnish had nice suttle taste, not overwhelming like your at home jar pickles, but almost like a cucumber palate cleanser.Typing about side salads, I had one as one of my sides. It wasn't all that great, but with drenched olive oil for a dressing , it did have a good enough taste to finish. The other sides we had were fat fries and sweet potato fries. Fat fries were crispy and thick, which I thought tasted way better than the flimsy sweet potato fries. About sweet potato fries, they are popping up everywhere now, sadly these aren't the best I had.Service was slow, food was tasty and fast, and the price was reasonable. Everything came up to be a good 60 bux plus tip, quality = price tonight. FYI: each booth had a mini TV on the side playing some type of sport. That's just overkill with the whole bar meets fine dining theme, but hey it sells! It was a great experience for all 3 of us and I would definitely come here again. Portion size is just right for a hungry person, and the taste is incomparable.
4	My burger of choice is alway build your own. I usually just get standard angus medium with chipotle aioli and either prosciutto or jalapeno bacon with fat fries with a side chipotle aioli to dip. So good!! I alway want desert but too full when done. They also have a good beer selection with some hard to find hefeweisens The burgers are definately 5 stars and the value is very good. You get to truly customize your burgers and it is hard to decide without the usual set options. The service and seating are really bad though at times. Our waitress went on break at some point during our meal and could not get refils or our check without flagging down people. The seating was also bad because if you were a duo you werent allowed to sit in a booth. so, we had to sit at small table in the middle of the narrow aisles in the way of everything.I have been here a lot now and I feel it is the best burger in town. Still the service is sporadic.
4	No doubt the best burger I have eaten!  This hidden gem is located in Mandalay Bay.  We always make it a routine to have dinner and drinks at this joint right after we land in Vegas.You can customize your own burger:  You choose the type of meat, buns, cheese, sauce, etc. It also offers a vegetarian burger which I heard is quite good!  I always go for the American Kobe beef burger with sweet potato fries.  The meat is done just right, juicy, tender, and flavorful!  Mmmm....and the sweet potato fries are perfect as well!Perfect casual place to hang out with friends and watch your favorite sports.
5	Burger Bar...what a welcome you gave us as our first meal in Vegas... We live near enough to SF that we shouldn't have to travel to Vegas to try the place, but it was on my itinerary anyway.  It did not disappoint.  I went classic with my burger- beef, cheddar, the normal stuff...it was phenomenal.  They have about a million beers on tap so the boyfriend was happy too.  We sat at the counter so there was no wait because at 3:00 on a Friday afternoon, the place was pretty busy. It's not cheap, but it's quality and well worth it.  I was a happy, stuffed camper after my meal here.  Job well done, Hubert.
3	We were seated almost immediately.  Service was good, but $8+ for shakes? and $21 for a burger and a shake?  Eh, LV pricing even though this is place is a less expensive fast casual option.I was trying to be healthy, so I opted for the turkey burger with no additional toppings.  It was good.  I'd say it was the best turkey burger I've eaten.  The burger was swimming on the plate since I didn't order fries.I ordered a pumpkin shake w/my burger and it was delicious.  I'd definitely order it again.  The BB did have a lot of TVs mounted on the walls with ESPN and games on and guests seated in booths had their own TV.  Noise level was a little high, so don't try to have deep conversation here.
3	I wanted to love you burger bar, I really did. Unfortunately I have met others who have pleased me more.I got the Hubert Keller burger with Kobe meat instead of buffalo due to the yelp reviews regarding the Kobe beef. It was good meat but the taste overall was kinda disappointing.I got the sweet potato fries with my burger which was cooked well but under seasoned. Also fyi they charge a $2 split charge and portions were an okay size to share. :(However ambiance was chill and service was good. Location was kinda odd, the place is located tucked away in Mandalay bays shopping area.It was good NOT great. Sorry burger bar but there won't be a second date.
5	YES. I love this place. It goes in my burger hall of fame. Lots of burgers and all of them are high quality. There Kobe beef burger has set the standard by which hamburger meet is now judged in my opinion.
4	I come here quite often due to the fact I have a bartender that works here and I work a few stores down. I give it 4 stars. Reason why? Answer: all the burgers are cooked to the way you want it. Burgers can be customized-there is no limit. THIS IS NOT A FAST FOOD BURGER! so if you're expecting a $2 ... don't enter this establishment. I believe the burgers are priced right especially for the quality. Presentation is great as well. If you are unsure of what to order... ask. Every time I keep coming here, the menu seems to expand. A year ago (or less) they didn't have a desert section...now they do! Staff is very outgoing providing a laid back experience. However, don't always expect the staff to be there for every refill... They may have a habit of socializing amongst each other. (now I'm not sure since there are many new faces) Seating is very cramped especially sitting in the tables that are in the middle of the restaurant. Normally I sit at the bar... Much more comfortable.
5	Just freaking awesome.  Spend the money when you get here!  I had a Kobe Beef burger that was just delicious.  Only "Your Father's Office" has made a better burger.
5	From the creative genius that brought you the Fleur de Lys restaurant, Hubert Keller brings you the Burger Bar. This place leaves most gourmet burger places in the dust. With its various choices to build your own burger.. to the chef's signature burgers... it's not your typical burger place... definitely and certainly not.Last year, I selected the Hubert Keller burger which was a buffalo burger with caramelized onions, baby spinach, and blue cheese on a ciabatta bun. It was delicious however there was one burger that stood out on the menu that I was hesitant to try at first. The $60 Rossini.Fast forward to a few weeks ago, I decided to test out this burger to see what the whole hype was about... to see if a burger would be even worth that much to me. What crazy person would pay that much for a burger and why??Well.. nonetheless I was curious and crazy enough to do it. I must say, though I can see how some people may not find the Rossini not not be worth the exuberant amount they ask for..... I found it to be utterly delightful!! From the juicy tender kobe beef patty, to the foie gras and black perigord truffles.. I was difficult for me to find myself eating a regular burger after having taken a bite out of this burger. The madeira sauce complimented the burger wonderfully and going halfway into the meal.. I just thought to myself.. I just ate $30 worth of food right there.. and as I contemplated if this whole meal was worth the money and hype.. I decided that the answer was a definitive and crazy, YES.Finishing off with a cheesecake burger.. it was a nice wonderful experience... Also, I must note.. I was there with two other people from the SF bay area.. and we watched the Giants win the World Series as we finished up our meal. Ahh.... definitely a cherry top finish.
4	My husband still has a beer boner. I've eyed this place for a while (thanks to Giada) and stopped in during our recent stay. I took everyone's word here and sat at the bar with hubs. The service was great and the bartender was very happy to chat us up about the selection of beers they had in bottles and on tap which my husband loved. I mean loved. He decided to just try every (almost every) beer on the tap we were seated near. There were about 8-10 in our section of the bar. Ugh. Anyway, we shared an Angus burger with: -caramelized onions -on an onion bun -jalapeno bacon -provolone cheese -button mushrooms -skinny fries -zucchini fries The burger was so good. Cooked perfectly. The fries were average, nothing special. After we were done eating I wanted to do some shopping but hubs wasn't ready. When I walked out he was on his 4th beer. Oy. I returned about an hour later and he was still at the bar! Anyway, I enjoyed the burger and he thoroughly enjoyed the beer. Will I come back? Probably not. I think trying this place just once is good in my book.
5	Most things Vegas has to offer are AmAZing but this is one of my favorite places.  It's a martini bar that specializes in burgers.  Can you get any better than that?  I mean, really!?!  The burgers are delicous and you have several options: beef, kobe beef, turkey, veggie and buffalo along with several other sandwich options.  The best is the dessert burger.  This is awesome!  You won't get anything anywhere else that tastes as good!This restaurant is a great choice for a casual day in Vegas.  It's reasonably priced, has a full bar and is not the same boring places that you go to at home.
4	I had been dying to try this place out since my arrival in Vegas, and finally on our last day there we did and I am so happy that I didn't leave without trying it because it would have been a shame. The burgers here are topnotch and made with really good quality meat. You can have your burger cooked however you want it, and you have the options of making your own burger or choosing one of the house specialty burgers. I choose the Hubert Keller burger which is buffalo meat topped with blue cheese, baby spinach and caramelized onions, my friend had the Pepper jack burger which was Kobe beef topped with pepper jack cheese and tapenade. She had the zucchini fries as a side and I chose the sweet potato fries. The burgers were both tasty. The meat was juicy and flavorful. Every bite of my burger was pure deliciousness. My friends zucchini fries were superb, and my sweet potato fries were crispy and just perfect. It was my first time trying buffalo and it was really good and not gamey at all, and I think I actually prefer it to beef burgers. We also shared a milkshake which we customized. We chose chocolate ice cream, fresh banana, cookie dough and vanilla whipped cream. It was soo rich and good! To top it all off, the service was attentive, friendly and fast. Our waitress was super nice and we felt well taken care of.
5	might be one of the best burgers i've ever had. then again, since you make your own, it's your fault if it sucks. Burger Bar offers great, high-end burger options--jalepeno bacon, three different aiolis, and truffle sauce to boot. this place is a great find. the portions are huge so sharing is a good option, especially if you want to save room for a shake!
4	This place had the single best milkshake that I've ever eaten in my life!Who's ever though of a Nutella, chocolate milkshake with chocolate chips, chocolate mousse, fudge and nuts? They're awesome!Their burger selection is also out of this world. They've got everything from the plain jain Angus beef patty to Kobe beef with a lobster on top. Anything you get is worth every penny.The dessert is awesome and quite unique as well. I got the chocolate version that's built out of a doughnut, chocolate thing, passion fruit jelly sheet, and sliced kiwis. It's made to look exactly like a burger, but tastes nothing like one at all. If you're ready for hitting the town wired, this sugary concauction will do the trick for sure!
5	ill make this short but a friend from work has been talking about how i need to check this place out because its the best burger joint ever.   and she was right !!  burger bar is hands down the best Burger ive ever had.  I ordered the atlantic salmon steak burger with onions, jalepeno bacon, light mayo, zucchini.   it was the best!!  i am gonna try the kobe beef burger next time =)
5	This burger bar is the best burger joint outside of Nicky Rotten's in San Diego! We LOVED this place as their burgers were outstanding! This place will be visited EVERY time we visit Vegas! The surf & turf burger was OUT OF THIS WORLD, as were their sweet potato fries (and I'm not really a sweet potato fries type of guy)! A MUST TRY spot if you're in town and crave the best tasting burgers and don't want to settle for 2nd best...
5	Been dying to try Hubert Keller's Rossini and boy i must say i was HAPPY! It's a $60bucks burger, BUT it's worth it. Juicy kobe beef patty with shaved truffles and fois gras.. YUM! WOuld recommend to anyone (note, must like the distinct taste of truffles though). Also tried the sweet burger (came with rossini), raspberry beer float, bf had peppercorn burger. It was all delicious.
3	Nothing that special here, service was okay. Ordered the American Kobe Beef Burger & sweet potato fries, was expecting a bit more!
2	I rate this place 3.5 to 4 stars for the burger but maybe it's because I opted out of ordering the $60 kobe burger (i mean, seriously?) and got the American Classic for $13. Coming from Chicago which really has such excellent burgers, nothing overly mind blowing about the American Classic burger except the juiciness of the beef and that the overall burger kind of melts in your mouth. However , I was expecting a bigger cut of meat and perhaps a bit more flavor in the meat. It was a little bland and needed more pepper.  And the fries...ive definitely had better...ugh!I also give 2 to 3 stars for beer selection on tap! At first i was like "oh wow, they have a large selection of beers on tap." I had the 6 beer sampler and only liked only 1!  (keep in mind i'm a picky beer drinker and i like microbrews and non domestics  such as Guinness.) This place seems to cater more to light beer lovers, as opposed to dark beer lovers.  The amber beer  was the best of the 6 and we really liked! So tasty and  good for dark and light beer drinkers! On tap, the flavor is balanced and bursts in your mouth with complexity. The rest of the beers were very ordinary. The Oktoberfest was not what i was expecting- light and hoppy. The Kona Porter had the texture and smoothness of Guinness but no flavor really. The rest of the beers tasted like budweiser  or just too hoppy and light for my tastebuds. Note: We went for late night dinner. I recommend this as more of a lunch spot. Just seems to fit better in ambience and food for that type of meal.
4	In my opinion, there is not much to come to Mandalay Bay for outside of this restaurant. I had the black angus beef burger with american cheese on a sesasme bun. I wasn't a HUGE fan of the bun but overall the burger was juicy, well cooked and very satisfying. The fries and onion rings were also great.But the best part was the black & white milkshake. OMG was it worth the calories. This was a fun restaurant to go to. Everything is solid and although it's not the "best" burger I've ever had, I think it's a MUST GO for vegas.
1	Not good! Milkshake was awesome, burger was worst thing ever.I had the Blackjack Burger on Ciabatta. It was somewhere in the $15 range. I know this is Vegas but I figure a $15 burger would be comparable to Red Robin. Maybe it was just the particular burger I ordered.This burger was dry, the ciabatta roll was beyond dry. The burger disseminated itself, I had way too much roll and not enough meat. The meat (ordered medium well) looked suspiciously like my partners' medium rare. It was too pink for me. The meat itself wasn't seasoned (which is fine, I guess if you like that) and seasoning wasn't available outside of ketchup and mustard. The fat fries were good, but they probably came from a bag so I won't spend any time on that. The milkshake was great. But was it good enough that I would go there just for that? No. Would I try any of their other food again? No. Was I WOWED by customer service? No. When our check arrived, our waitress asked how the food was. We said bad. She didn't believe us(!!!) and then asked why we didn't say something sooner. Okay, it was our fault. It wasn't your problem to fix. It wasn't our assumption that the food you brought us was your best. What would you have done to fix it? So we payed full price for a meal we ate about half of. Do not waste your time, energy or money on this wasteland. You're in Vegas, there's too much good food to be wasting time in pits like this.
4	Make sure you eat the whole wheat salmon with sprouts
3	I had the lobster burger with sweet potato fries.  It was pretty good.  My burger was cooked medium and came out with just the right pinkness for me.  It was kind of hard to eat because the burger was stacked pretty high.  The sweet potato fries were good as well, but I've had better.  Everyone in my party enjoyed their burgers, but I don't see us coming back.  It's a pretty pricy place for burgers...and maybe my taste buds aren't refined enough, but I enjoy a regular burger grilled at home just as much.
4	Good old Burger Bar. I hadn't been here in years until last week when I was trying to kill some time before a concert at the House of Blues. I returned this week after seeing Lion King.I've become a bit of a craft beer enthusiast recently. I still don't know what I'm talking about, but I do enjoy a good brew. I noticed Ken M included Burger Bar on his "Craft Beer Revolution" list. I never would have thought of Burger Bar for that. I just pictured it as a place for expensive burgers. That's changed of course.On my two recent visits, I ordered a Salmon Steak sandwich with some sprouts. At $8.50 (plus I think 55c for the sprouts), it's one of the cheapest things on the menu but I find it absolutely delicious. I get the salmon cooked medium and it comes out perfectly.On the beer front, I went with the Deschutes Inversion IPA on my first visit and the Burger Bar Seasonal on my second. I'm a big fan of Deschutes anything. The Burger Bar Seasonal is currently a Hefeweizen by Tenaya Creek Brewery. Being a local brewery, I had to give it a try. I really need to make my way up to Tenaya Creek one of these days.Burger Bar has kind of fallen off my scope in recent years. Now that I know I can get a good salmon sandwich with a great beer to go with it, it's back on my radar.
3	It was a mixed experience. The angus and turkey burgers we ordered were, themselves, fairly tasty. The coffee milkshake I had was great. The side salad was boring. It made my mouth want to commit suicide. The chili I ordered wasn't very interesting either. It was chili-like. It reminded me of the chili substance you can get at 7-Elevens to put on your hot dog. Except slightly less satisfying.So, for what I paid I feel like I should've gotten a little more and a little better quality side dishes. But oh well.
5	By far the BEST burger i have ever had in my life. This would hands down be my last meal on earth if i had to choose. I always have the Kobe burger with caramelized onions, bacon and chedder cheese with a side of sweet potato fries. The meat is soo juicy and tender, it just melts in your mouth.I was in Vegas for the weekend and i had to eat here at least twice. I live in California so i had to get my burger fix before i left.I paid around $23 bucks for my meal but it was well worth it.
5	Came here the night of my Bachelor Party with the boys for dinner.Ordered the most expensive burger I could create, and supposedly the most expensive burger ever served by my server.Basically consisted of Lobster Tail, American Kobe Beef, Provolone Cheese, Carmelized Onions, Seared Foie Gras, Shaved Truffles, and Truffle Sauce. Oh of course some Skinny Fries too. *&$#*(&#$*( Delicious and worth every penny (around $80).Oh the Leffe Beer was delicious too.
3	I went here with 5 of my co-workers because one of them said it was the best burger he has ever had in his life...kobe beef burger that is.So we trekked over there and had high expectations, there are alot of options and you can make any type of burger that you want. I wanted to get the $60 burger but didn't feel like getting disappointed if it did not live up to my expectations.I got the kobe beef, swiss cheese, caramelized onions, and jalapeno bacon on an onion roll with sweet potato fries. I tried the Lagunitas beer which I liked at first but towards the end did not care for it anymore. I discovered ranch dressing and ketchup mixed together are a good combo.The next day I got pretty ill and still am two days later with food poisoning, I am not sure what did it since I was the only one that got it sick. But I never get my burgers medium rare, usually medium and I went with the flow with everyone else so that is the only thing I can think of.I am not willing to give this place a try ever again, but it was a good burger when I was eating it at least.
5	Oh my God.  I can't believe I haven't rated this place yet.  This is basically a must go place for lunch EVERY TIME I visit Vegas.  Why?  Amazing burgers, good beer and FOIE GRAS TOPPING!They have a huge variety of beers here first of all.  A lot of foreign ones I've never heard of before.  This last time I've come here I got the house hef, which wasn't very good.But, that's the not the star of the show.  The star is the freaking amazing burger they serve here.  Now I've never gotten any patty besides the angus patty.  I figured it's ground up beef, no point in having a super awesome one.  Spend that money on the toppings!I got the angus burger with portabello mushrooms, foie gras and some provolone cheese on ciabatta bread.  (Wait, maybe mozzarella because they didnt' have provolone.)  Anyway.  The angus burger was damn juicy and served at a perfect medium-rare.  The portabella mushrooms were AMAZING as well.  It was juicy and so perfectly grilled.  Man, my mouth is watering as I type this.The real star of the show was the foie gras.  And yes, it deserves its own paragraph.  A huge chunk of perfectly seared liver.  When bitten into this thing explodes.  I'm serious.  It was like the big bang in your mouth.  You literally smile as you bite into it.  Your senses run wild.  You become reborn.  It is that damn good.  And for only $12 to add it to your burger, do it.  DO IT!Guys.  Do yourself a favor.  Stop reading the reviews.  Just go.  If you're already there, reading Yelp reviews to figure out what to order.  Just remember.  FOIE GRAS!
4	If I'm going to go out for a great combination of burgers and beer, Burger Bar is the first place considered. The best quality about BB is obviously the unique variety of imported/foreign beers served. My favorites have been among many of the seasonal German based beer that have gone great with their standard burgers and sliders.I'm typically not a burger fan in general, but the quality of their beef is choice and top notch, and even their veggie burger is something to rave about! BB is more of a place to go when I'm on the south end of the strip looking for a place to dine and dash. I usually sit at the bar itself because the service is the quickest if it's just yourself and two others. One of my local favorites!
4	What this place lacks in charm and funky/stylish decor, it more than makes up for with a whole lot of prime grade A certified meaty goodness.. Most Vegas establishments on the strip are overpriced joints with poor food, and a whole lot of glitz. Burger Bar is quite the opposite. Quality, reasonably priced food without the glam. On top of that I love the fact that I can create my own slice of meaty goodness. They have a whole slew of toppings to choose from- from basic cheese and guacamole to foie gras for those with more discriminating palates... Bonus points for the alcoholic milkshakes.. Love it!!
3	Wow...a Hubert Keller restaurant...well, not all I had thought it would be.  I had the kobe burger, which was surprisingly tough in texture! I have had a few "kobe-style" burgers and this was by far the toughest I have had...and it was cooked medium rare at that.Other people in the party I was with had the black jack burger and the Hubert Keller burger which they seemed to enjoy quite a bit.The fries were pretty tasty--we had the thick fries and the potato fries--and the zucchini fries were pretty awesome--perhaps the highlight of the meal.They have a really nice selection of beers but also happened to run out of the one paticular beer I ordered, so I ended up getting a caramel latte milkshake, which I enjoyed most out off all the items I ordered.In the end, the bill for four of us was about $130 including tax and tip...perhaps a little more than you'd anticipate from a burger joint, and quite a bit more than I would be willing to pay to go back...maybe I will have to try BLT Burger next time...Happy Eating!!!
5	Don't go to In and Out or Fatburger, Come Here!  Hell, you could even have dinner here one night instead of going to a "fancier" establishment.  This will be one of the best burgers you will ever have in your lifetime.  Go straight for the Kobe Burger!  But there are plenty of other items to pick from if you want to spend less or try something else.  You can build your burger however you see fit.  You get to pick not only your preferred cheese of course but also the type of bread and there are MANY toppings to pick from.  Not too many places let you put avocado on top of a burger.  Wash it down with a beer, a float, or one of their shakes.  You might find this menu much more useful than what you will find on the listed website.  It really will give you an appreciation for the toppings and other items like sweet potato fries.  http://www.usmenuguide.com/burgerbarmenu.htmI wish I didn't have to go to Las Vegas to eat here.  Yes, the decor is very Fox and Houndish but the food is worth it.
3	Visited during the weekend of 5/9/08 - 5/10/08.I had heard seating was tough here, and it is. But both times I visited, I was able to get a seat at the bar with no wait (once for a party of two then again for a party of four).The bartenders are very friendly and personable. I didn't need their beer expertise to decide what to drink, but I saw them helping some craft newbies decide on a brew.The draft selection is solid and is probably the best thing they have to offer. Be warned that pints are pricey, though.Food is, to put it mildly, seriously overpriced. Burgers can easily run over $20.00 without much effort. If they were truly $20.00 burgers, this would be acceptable. But I feel these burgers and sides (brought in frozen or prepackaged, no less) are worth perhaps half to two thirds what is being charged. You are definitely paying for the scene.Speaking of scene... it is crowded with youngish, good looking people. Saw lots of beer being consumed, but also saw a good amount of other beverages. I don't think the craft beer list is the main attraction for most of the diners.Some places have deserved reps for great burgers (Father's Office and Lucky Devil's in L.A., for instance), but this place is getting by on its inexplicable "hot" status. Don't get me wrong, the food is good. But it's not buzz worthy.I don't think I'll be going back here again unless it's to grab a pint on the way to eat somewhere else.
2	Did I really come here and eat a $20 burger? Wait, did I also come here and order a Nutella shake that I honestly could've made at home? And hold on a second, did I also drag out my family here because I read good reviews? Yes, yes and yes.  And probably never again.  It's a nice burger joint but the price did not match the taste.  I've had better experiences at restaurants less than a mile from my apartment and who's main dishes aren't even the burgers.  But this place has burger in it's name so I expected way more.  The description of their food sound so good when you read it on the menu but when it comes out, displays no appealing presentation whatsoever.  It's literally just the bun with meat in the middle.  They even make the fries sound awesome but they come out looking worse than Mcd's fries.  The only cool thing about this place are that the booths (if you're lucky enough to sit in them) come with their own t.v. And that's about it, folks. Gbye.
5	In a city (especially the Strip) loaded with overpriced, overcooked and unremarkable food - the Burger Bar is a fabulous find.My husband had the veggie burger with guacamole (and we're guac snobs) and it was delicious.  My salmon burger was perfectly cooked and complimented by their veal-shallot reduction sauce.  You basically build your own burger.  There's alot to choose from, so you may as well utilize the helpful staff so you can have a good experience.  (Asking restaurant staff's opinion is an underrated activity.  It also explains the grumpy reviews on this page.)With good staff (who rave about the owner/chef, Hubert Keller) and options plentiful, if you don't find something you like at a price that works for you - it's your own fault.Eat here now!
5	After reading the reviews, I had to visit Burger Bar. I ended up going two days in a a row! The burgers were delicious. The meat was of high quality and very thick. I am actually not a fan of burgers but was impressed. The only downside was mediocre service both times I went. However, I will come here for sure next time I am in Vegas :)
5	Atmosphere 4/5Service 4/5Food 5/5:Country Natural medium rare with:Portabello mushroomCarmelized onionOnion bun--Juiciest and most flavorful burger, in comparison to other highly rated burger joints like: The Counter, Kuma's Corner, Fatburger, Fuddruckers, Five Guys, In and Out.
4	Amazing burgers and fries.  I love the variety they offer too.  The service could be much better, it was 1am and they were pretty much rude to us.
3	So we had a lion king show at 7....and we needed something to eat because who knows how long the show will last right....two hours to be exact....with some intermission! Sooooo we decided to head to burger bar since it was close to the show and heard that it was pretty goodwell it was ok...nothing great about it...i had the sliders which were three different burgers.....yeah some people would like that so that they can try different sliders....i on the other hand didn't like it so much. i ate two of the three and gave the other one away since they had stuff in there that i didn't like =[ Their fries were pretty good though i will say thatIt was pretty expensive for burgers though (Yeah yeah those who say the burgers were expensive because they're "fancy" or they're "gourmet" whatever to you) I didn't like it, tasted like any other burger i can getsoooooo the end
3	Good but nothing special.  Stick to drinks here.  The beer selection and milk shakes are great!  I normally reserve nutella for my crepes, but ended up trying something new and it was so so good!  You can't go wrong with any shake you choose here.  Otherwise, the burger here just seems, well, like a burger-- good, but not great.  We had the slider selection, kobe beef burger, buffalo burger, sweet potato fries and zucchini fries.  I wasn't fond of the taste of the beef or buffalo.  The sweet potato fries were good though.  The burgers are big enough to share.
5	My new fav in Vegas, I love this restaurant, so Cute and lotsa seating.  The zucchini fries were delish.  Milkshakes were yummy, we had the Nutella.  Beers were great.  We sat in a booth that had a mini t.v. that had the football game going.  The burgers were yummy and there's a huge selection; they cooked the meat perfectly nice and juicy!  Regular fries were great.  I will definitely hit up this place the next time I'm in town!
5	The Best Burger Ive ever had. The kobe beef is amazing, the reviews speak for itself you wont regret going here. Worth the money.
3	I'm not a burger person so take this comment as a grain of salt. We got the,(1) American Kobe Beef for $16.00 - very juicy (according to the person who got it) but it wasn't all that special or anything and they charge for additional toppings, including cheese, FYI.(2) Sweet potato fries for $2.55 - like any other sweet potato fries I've had.(3) Shake for $5.50 - WONDERFUL, but THICK and RICH.Place was rowdy (great for Vegas) and the service was great!Come here if it's convenient, but don't go out of your way.  And if you do, get their signature baffalo burger since that's what they're known for.
3	Once I knew that Hubert Keller is the owner, my husband and I couldn't wait to go to Burger Bar. The cool thing is that we saw Hubert in the restaurant!!!! We had high expectation for the food! I ordered the Black Angus Beef burger medium rare. The meat was very bland, and it was lack of seasoning. Bryan had the American Kobe Beef burger medium rare. But, the kobe beef was like the black angus beef which was lack of flavors. The meat didn't melt in the mouth. Nothing stood out and nothing special! My husband and I definitely had better kobe beef burger before. That was very disappointing.For the sides, we had the buttermilk onion rings and BUTTERMILK ZUCCHINI FRIES. The onion rings were just fine. The batter was flavorful, but the crust was too thick for the skinny onion rings. On the other hand,  the zucchini fries had the same crust, but the crust was good on the zucchini. The zucchinis were cut thick, so they can hold up the crust well. It was a good combination. I like them. My favorite is the NUTELLA MILKSHAKE! The shake was delicious! It was pack with hazelnut flavor, especially the nutella whipped cream. Every bite was nutella! Perfect for Nutella lover! Overall, the food was just ok. I thought Hubert can do better, maybe his other fine dining restaurant would be better. For about $50 two person, Burger Bar doesn't worth the money in my opinion.
4	Yes. Yes yes yes yes yes. I've always wanted to go to one of Hubert Keller's restaurants (Fleur de Lys being at the top of that list). But since we were in Vegas, we decided to hit up Burger Bar. Okay, for the record, it took us for-ever to find it in the casino, our fault for not being able to navigate I suppose.Food: Obviously known for their burgers, the range of flavors starts with a run-of-the-mill cheeseburger, to a fine dining Rossini Burger (Kobe burger, sauteed foie gras, shaved truffles, and a rich brown sauce). I settled somewhere in the middle with a Bacon, Cheddar Kobe burger. Very juicy, great bread (a choice of 4), and well-seasoned onion rings. Fries were also really good (offered thick or thin). But the coup de grace was their shake. A nutella shake. NUTELLA....SHAKE. It's freakin genius and I have no idea why it's not sold everywhere. It originally was suppose to have chocolate ice cream. When I asked the waitress which shake I should get, she suggested the Nutella shake, but with vanilla ice cream. Let me tell you....I will be forever grateful to that waitress. Possibly the best shake I've ever had. Rich, creamy, topped with a chocolate whipped cream and garnished with hazelnuts. Friends also had some alcoholic shakes, which were also really great. Service: Awesome service. Aside from the life-altering choice my waitress helped me with, the servers were good about keeping our glasses filled and coming around every once in a while to check on us. Overall: I wish there was one near San Diego, alas, to eat at a Burger Bar you must be in Vegas, St. Louis, or San Francisco. But a great restaurant, with awesome service. Oh, did I mention there was a tv in our booth? No? There was. It was awesome. Forewarning: They don't have restrooms in the restaurant and the trek to the bathroom is nice little stroll. But who cares when you can have one of the best shakes ever?
5	4.5/5 for me deducting .5 star for our  weak drinks and waiter who was very quick but had zero personality and hated his job/life. So glad I won some money after the lion king show so we could eat here. It was either win some money and eat here or lose my last 50 and have dorritos for dinner and breakfast. It was a bad trip on the gambling front.The food was wonderful! We had the onion rings and skinny fries. The fries were good but the onion rings were outstanding. Onion rings are one of my favorite foods and these did not dissapoint. Im wondering why there are not so stellar reviews on them. Trust me there good.I had a the black angus, with pepper jack, jalapeno bacon, lettuce, tomato, pickle, mayo, ketchup, and mustard on an Onion Roll. The burger was a cooked a perfect medium rare and I mean absolutely perfect. The meat tasted very good and it melted in mouth. A perfect blend of fat in the meat. The jalapeno bacon was crazy good and Im wondering when I can have that again. Im gonna go out on a limb and say this was the best burger I've ever had. I cant think of another that was any better and Ive had a lot of burgers in my day. The onion bun was also delicious. My girlfriend had a similar burger and she was also very impressed. If your at Mandalay Bay its a must and its even worth a 15 dollar cab ride for this place. Highly reccomened. I wish I would have got a shake to share for desert.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed the.meal and atmosphere. The wait service was friendly and responsive. The angus burger was juicy and flavorful. The patty was thick and well-formed. But it didn't taste overly dense that Ive come to expect from other restaurants. The onion rings were crunchy and flavorful. Great job. I look forward to my next trip to Vegas.
5	I had a buffalo burger on ciabatta, with swiss cheese, caramelized onions, avocado AND guacamole (because that's how I roll), jalapeno bacon, homemade dijon and cole slaw. With a side of beer. 5 stars.
4	The burgers here are delicious but not the best I've had. I liked it here because of the environment, the service, and of course, the food:) There was a nice lady who took a pic of my bf and put it on keychains for no charge..but of course you gotta tip her:) I liked this place a lot.
5	holy burgers batman..no wonder this place has such a good rating after so many reviews. The wife, best friend, and I went here for lunch and we were pretty much satisfied. The wait was quite long but we were able to wrangle some seats at the bar and seeing as it was another hour wait for a table we just ordered our food there.Getting a burger the way you wanted it was great. So many choices. The wife and best freind had the original burger while I had the peppercorn burger. First things first, the server actually asked us how we wanted the burger cooked. Not the usual let me burn the burger to a crisp and slap it in a bun and call it a burger. We got it medium because our server said they usually under cook the meat so our burger was pink all the way through and super juicy. The wife added a fried egg which was done right (a little runny yolk in the center, not like fatburger where it's over cooked). Made the burger more rich. The peppercorn burger came with a peppercorn sauce to pour on the burger which was delicious. Then each burger came with a side. (Had the sweet potato fries, fried zucchini, fried pickle, and onion rings.)  Each was good, though my favorite was the fried zucchini. Damn I'm craving a burger as I write this review. Let's just say it was that good.
3	Expected more beer on draft for how many beers were on the menu. Try the sliders to sample the wonders.
4	Absolutely loved this place...  went there twice in a 4 day stay...lolHad the kobe/bacon/cheddar/ciabatta/sweet potato fries  twice...  buddy of mine had a pesto/mozzz/kobe burger that looked unreal...  drinks were pretty good,  decent beer selection,  nice frozen cocktail selection..  A must visit for me when i'm in town...
4	Always a good choice.  What is interesting about this place is that I have been here many times and never ordered the same thing and never been disappointed.  The servers can be really slow, even when they aren't busy.  Ultimately, the food is too good for a medium priced restaurant to care :)  With all of the toppings, the choices are endless, but my personal favorite is the turkey burger on wheat, with sprouts, pickles, asparagus, swiss, and pesto.  Gotta love it.... wish I was there now...
4	Hands down BEST milkshake EVER! Nutella milkshake, yeah you rock!Now the burgers... SO big I could only finish half of mine. Can't remember which one I picked right now (went back in Nov) but I can still remember the taste! So moist and the bread so soft and fresh!And dessert... it looks like a burger but was really a donut! Your eyes played tricks on you and your mouth was confused but oh the taste was delightful! Seriously get the burger/donut for dessert! Can't go wrong!
5	Burger Bar, located at Mandalay Bay, had the highest quality meat in a burger than any place I've tried.  My friend told me about this place and its Kobe beef burger, but I had no idea how good it would be.Food:1) Kobe Beef Burger - Kobe beef was really juicy, tender, and every ingredient was fresh. Definitely worth around $20.2) Sweet potato Fries - it's a must with the burger.Service:The staff were on top of getting people seated, served, and were efficient. However, there was a long line, so we had to wait about 45 minutes.  I suggest you go early to beat the rush, or you'll wait awhile.After losing a good amount of money, Burger Bar cheered me up as I left Vegas on a Sunday.I'm extremely picky about the places I'll return to and Burger Bar is definitely a place I try to visit everytime I'm in Vegas.
4	Hubert Keller, Thank you!This is a fantastic burger spot, the only problem is the ridiculous wait you'll have to endure and the high prices for beer.  Seriously $22 for a pitcher?!?!How do you know Burger Bar is legit? Here's how...Me: Peppercorn burgerWaiter: How'd you like that cooked?Me: Medium RareWaiter: It might still be bloody is that ok?Me: OMG YES! (rolling eyes in anticipation of amazing nom nom nomness)The peppercorn aspect of the peppercorn burger actually sucked.  Not enough peppercorn flavor at all, I was expecting an all enveloping thick & crunchy crust of peppercorns.  All I got was a light sprinkling. The peppercorn sauce on the side didn't help.  Don't get me wrong, still a fantastic overall burger but lacking the essential flavor I wanted.The sliders are great great.  Meat is very flavorful and juicy but you might still be hungry afterward. 3 sliders doesn't necessarily fill up a growing boy.As for the fries, sweat potato fries are good.  The regular fries on the other hand were great.  They look like Burger King's fries, but are fantastic, thin, crispy, crunchy all the way through (not greasy at all).  I am a fan!PS. They have an extensive beer list.  Get lost in it, try something new, try something different.
5	This is my favorite burger anywhere.  The Kobe burger built as you want it, Sweet Potato fries and eat it as slow as you can so you can enjoy it as long as possible.  I recommend this place to everyone going to vegas and make sure I hit it every time I am there. Oh, and the sliders are fantastic too.
5	I had been wanting to go to Burger Bar in Vegas since the first time I went three years ago. In October, my husband and I finally sat down at the bar and had our burgers at Mandalay Place.That's when I ordered the best milkshake in the world. It's the Black and White Cookie milkshake. It was like Ben and Jerry's Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough ice cream, but better. It was orgasmic. I was dying over this milkshake. It probably was 1,500 calories, but damn if it wasn't worth it.Since my husband and I are pescetarian, you would think that a burger place wouldn't be as capable of handling us. Not so at Burger Bar! I ordered the most incredible salmon burger, cooked to perfection. My husband ordered the vegan option, which was two amazing portobello mushroom caps with tons of veggies in the middle. Not only was it incredible to see a vegan option at a major restaurant, but it was a very tasty option. The fries were eh, but the next time I am ordering the zucchini fries. They looked amazing. The line outside looked super-long, but I give full credit to Hubert Keller for taking something as common as hamburgers and milkshakes and elevating them to levels of perfection that you never thought they could reach.
5	Loved this build your own by Hubert Keller although most in the party of 5 ordered a menu suggestion. We tried buffalo, kobe, grass-fed, and surf & turf (with lobster) and all were delicious. Up there with the best burger ever eaten. We tried all of the fried sides and most are not to be missed. Fried pickles, onion rings, sweet potato fries were all fantastic, skinny and fat fries were good. Great beer selection as well.
4	Fantastic. Kobe burger is the BEST. Be prepared for a long lineup though
2	Sometimes I feel like my food life is a giant episode of the "Twilight Zone."How Burger Bar is ranked as high as it is is truly beyond me.  In fact, many Yelpers I respect and normally agree with love this place but man, I haven't felt this ripped off since I bought my HDDVD player. Maybe Im biased against these so-called "gourmet burger" spots.  I mean, what makes a hamburger great is that its approachable by everyone, regardless of economics.  Perhaps thats why it has come to be synonymous with America...that it crosses boundaries.   Not here however, these burgers are decidedly expensive and in reality no better than anything you'd find at your favorite local burger joint.  Just because you use the word "kobe" or "danish blue cheese" doesn't mean you have the right to charge $20 bucks for a burger...but apparently here it does.  Another thing is one would think a gourmet burger place would have gourmet fries right?  Wrong...here the fries were so mediocre I was yearning for Chili's.......yep, thats right I said Chili's and now I must shower to wash the shame off my body.  I had Hubert's favorite burger which was composed of Buffalo, Bleu Cheese and sherry shallot reduction sauce.  It tasted ok, but the price...oh that price!  Would you spend 15 bucks for a gourmet hot dog?  You would tell me to jump off a bridge!  My mom had the sliders and reported them as being ok as well, but nothing special.Service was average but not very friendly.  I mean I would have a smile if I was getting a 10 dollar tip for bringing out two hamburgers and a couple soda pops but who am I to judge?One positive thing to note was Burger Bar did have a nice beer selection with some unique options at decent prices.  Its nice to be free from the normal yoke of beer oppression perpetrated by the casinos.I for one can pass on this place again but judging by the crowd there and the reviews on Yelp, most people disagree.....Twilight Zone I tells ya!!!!
3	If you want a solid burger, a large beer list and waitresses that look like Kat Von D then burger bar is your spot.  Highlight: anything medium raw
4	The brainchild of Hubert Keller, Burger Bar is a hip burger spot housed inside the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino.  Loud alternative music, hungover patrons and waitresses rocking the black hair/fair skin and tatts look make up the atmosphere.  Wait staff is really friendly, attentive, and quick.  BB has a solid draft and bottled beer list -- I had the Deschutes Inversion IPA on tap and husband had the Mirror Pond bottled.  I had the classic burger, medium rare, with avocado and sweet potato fries.  Husband had the Kobe buger which tasted like butter.  Classic burger was a good, solid burger, perfectly cooked to my expectations.  If you are feeling a big juicy burger and fries, then this is your place.
5	I went to the Burger Bar and had a kobi burger with camelized onions and thought it was one of the best tasting burgers i have ever had. My brother had a buffalo burger and also enjoyed it very much. We also had onion rings and fried zucchini. It was all great and a nice place, but very busy so you will probably have to wait about 30 minutes. I do not eat meat anymore but when i cheat once or twice a year it will be here.
5	This is a great place to get a burger, in Vegas or anywhere else for that matter.  The fries are good too.  What's really awesome about Burger Bar is the options that are available.  You can choose the meat, bun, cheese, and other toppings, all adding up to a great burger. The kobe beef burger is definitely my favorite.  It is so juicy and tasty!  The portions are large as well, so if you are not too hungry you could split a burger and be pretty satisfied.  But why would you want to share a burger this good?!?  Only downsides are the wait for a table or booth, and that it is on the pricey side...but not too bad by Vegas standards. Definitely worth checking out if you are in the south strip or staying in Mandalay Bay!
2	In all honesty, this place is overrated. My favorite burger of all time is the office burger at Father's Office, so I am compare all burgers to that. I ordered the Hubert Kueller burger which consists of blue cheese, buffalo meat, and caramelized onions. The blue cheese overpowered the meat, which itself lacked in flavor. My friend ordered the black jack burger and he also said the meat (he had beef) was lacking in flavor. Combine the fact that the burger costs $20 and tasted eh, I don't recommend eating here.
4	Had to try a Hubert Keller restaurant while visiting Sin City.  Burger Bar was not a bad first choice.  My husband and I split one of their ginormous burgers, the American Classic.  It was really flavorful with a very juicy patty and lots of caramelized onions to top it off.  Loved the decor and the laid back feel of the place.  Also, don't have the burger without some flavorful sweet potato fries.  Good seasoning and really flavorful dipping sauces.  I think we went with the chipotle aioli...yumm.  I'd def spend money here instead of Keller's Fleur just steps away.
5	The ABSOLUTE best burger in town.  You can choose your meat, toppings, bun, etc... or choose from combinations that are already winners on the menu.  I've seen Hubert Keller twice in here, too!  My husband is a beer fan/snob and this is his absolute favorite place to go - tons of beers to choose from - lesser known ones.  The bar staff is AMAZING.  The best service.  We usually sit at the bar and eat and drink -- have found that the best way to skip the wait.  Do yourself a favor and go to Burger Bar - It might be a pricier than say In-n-Out or something, but it's a gourmet burger that tastes that way.  Fries to die for also - Or get the zucchini fries which are delish.
3	I'd really want to give this place a 4 star rating... but I think it only deserves a 3 star.  Located in the indoor walkway/mall halfway between Mandalay Bay and Luxor (closer to Mandalay), I've been to Burger Bar twice in Vegas.  The first time I had seen the place featured on a travel show and thought the idea was pretty cool.  You basically get to pick from a huge list of options to create your perfect hamburger -- everything from different meats, toppings, breads, and extras.  If you want a Kobe beef burger topped with lobster tail, yes you can get it here.  If you want a turkey burger with avocado, they've got it too.  So they've got the quantity, but I really think they lack in quality.  Don't get me wrong - the burger tastes good.  And damnit, if you don't like one of the toppings, it is kind of your fault for picking that.  But really, when it comes down to it, the burger just isn't amazing or spectacular like I'd expect from a Vegas burger joint.  The sides aren't anything to write home about either.  Their prices can quickly add up too since each topping comes with an additional charge.  So in the end, Burger Bar gets a 3-star rating.  One bonus: they have a solid selection of microbrews.
4	The night we went it was PACKED and there was a 1 hr wait for a table so we had take out instead, and that only took 20 minutes.  The burgers faired pretty well as take out but there were a couple of hiccups.Once back in our hotel room, we found that they only gave us 2 of the 3 burgers we ordered and 1 of the burgers had extra toppings, all the toppings of the burger that was missed.  Thankfully, the burgers were pretty big and we ordered 3 sides so there was enough to share.  We had the American Classic with a fried egg and a buffalo burger with caramelized onions, mushrooms and cheese/bacon/fried egg.  One of the two fried eggs popped on the way back to the hotel but it was still pretty good.  The buffalo burger was very juicy and perfectly medium rare, even though it was 25 minutes before it was eaten.The sweet potato fries were ok as were the regular fries.  The mozzarella sticks were not great but that's because they were take out, if they were eaten right away at the restaurant, they may have been better.The best part of this meal was that when we called the restaurant to let them know they left a burger off, the guy immediately accommodating and  said the meal would be comped for the mix up.  Pretty good customer service!  That's Vegas for ya!
3	Burger Bar is where we head to after a Mandalay Bay concert or after drinks at the Foundation Room. At BB You can choose to eat your burgers from booths, tables, or at the sit down bar. Despite all the seats, BB does get crowded, especially during lunch, dinner, or the weekends. This place has TV screens everywhere, in every booth, along the wall at the sit down bar, and a few others placed throughout the place. It's more like a sports burger bar...I like seeing ESPN on the screens, I'm a guy, it's in my DNA! The crappy thing I don't like is that they pump music through their speakers and since music is loud, people also speak louder. Don't expect to have a nice quiet conversation with your date or friends...this ain't the place for that.The menu is simple. You can pick one of  their set menu items or create your own burger. Reasonable priced menu especially for the LV Strip. You can choose from different meats...Black Angus, Country Natural, American Kobe, & Buffalo. For you other people not looking for meats...they have a veggie burger, chicken, salmon, or turkey. Then you can dress it up with whatever veg, cheese, or sauces, on their lists. And you can get your burgers with fries (fat, skinny, or sweet potato), buttermilk Zucchini fries or onion rings, & beer battered jalapeno pickles (never tried these). I usually keep it simple: Kobe beef on a sesame seed bun with grilled onions & spinach, with sweet potato fries or onion rings, & a $7 chocolate shake (yes I did just order a $7 shake!). The wife likes the Surf & Turf- black angus burger, grilled half lobster, & asparagus. They also have a $60 Rossini Burger-kobe, foie gras, black Perigord truffles, on an onion bun...pretty steep for a burger but if it floats your boat-eat it.They also have a pretty good selection of beers, wines, and cocktails. Beer is beer everywhere except when it comes to the prices and BB alcohol prices are higher than other similar food joints. We always pass on the drinks. For the most part we've had decent service. But we do avoid the lunch and dinner crowds because those are the times we've had hit or miss service. It's mayhem trying to wave down a server during a weekend dinner rush. And it seems like they play extra loud music to help to drown out the customers that need assistance LOL! Seriously, you can hear ESPN, loud music, people talking loud just to hear themselves...and that's going on all at once. BB has the unmistakable ambiance of a high school cafeteria.Overall, BB is fun burger joint where you can create your "OWN" masterpiece of a burger. We like that they offer you many different selections of toppings, but beware on your add on's, they can definitely add up. You could easily be eating a $20+ burger. So bring your earplugs and just text away with your friends...and enjoy your burger.
1	Food?  Good.  I was definitely a fan of their Sweet Potato fries with my burger.  Ahh the service.  I would like to just say that after this experience I sent an email from their website to the location letting them know about our bad experience, and no one ever contacted me.  Hmmm...what does that say about their commitment to their guests? So I arrive at burger bar with my two sisters and a mutual friend in tow.  We approach the hostess stand and let them know we are a party of four.  So the host grabs the menus, walks us to a table, sets the menus down, and promptly walks away.  Doesn't say a single word to us during the entire interaction.  Not "Your serve will be right with you", not "Right this way guys" Nothing.  Just dead silence.  Awkward.So our dude of a waiter comes up and takes our order, our food comes out, and the guy comes back to check on us once.  Everything came out perfectly we tell him.  So as the meal continues, our drinks get empty.  We kind of all glance around, but no one has seen our waiter walk by in at least 15 minutes.So finally another server walks by, his name tag read Damien, and he glanced over saw our drinks were empty, and brought over a pitcher of water.  So another 10 -15 minutes goes by...still have never seen our unnamed server...our meals are well beyond finished, and Damien walks by again. "Has your server checked on you""No"So he says he'll be right back, and comes back with our checks.  So we pay, and I don't think too much about it until as we are leaving, my sister and I look back and Damien is cleaning our table.  She walks over and politely asked him if he was getting our tip or the dude who took our order.  He informed her that when he went back to check on the server and find out why he hasn't been attending to his table that the guy had left for the night and hadn't reassigned our table to anyone.So..thanks Damien for your server and F-U dude who deserted out table.
5	This is the 2nd time I have been to burger bar and I love it.. there are actually nights that I dream about the Hubert Keller burger... spinach, ciabatta bun, blue cheese, and mushrooms. The flavors are fantastic and both times I've been everyone in my party had their burgers cooked to perfect temperature. Skinny fries and zucchini fries are great, don't miss an opportunity to order the sauces for dipping. Simply delicious!It is a little pricey, but worth it. The boozy milkshakes are delicious and the beer list of imports and craft beers are fantastic. Service has been unobtrusive both times, although the first time we went the waitress seamed a little overwhelmed, but the 2nd time we loved our server.Great place and I wll keep dreaming about those burgers until the next time I go.
2	Decent burgers and friendly service (kind of, read on...). Found it because a few of us were craving a gourmet burger one morning in Vegas. This place seemed to be one of the top recommendations. Eh...The burger was okay. I forget what we ordered, but we had four different kinds. All were probably just below the level of The Counter (pretty common in southern California), which isn't saying much. Service started off pretty good, and then suddenly turned ridiculously rude towards the end of our meal. I'm not quite sure what went wrong. We were all pretty friendly, and given that we were all slightly hungover, we weren't exactly loud or obnoxious. We didn't send our server running back for numerous things right after she came back, we didn't talk to her rudely, we didn't grab the wrong server and demand service, we ordered a good amount of beers and food for our group, we didn't order the cheapest thing on the menu and ask for waters all-around... in summary: we really didn't do anything that would piss off a server (and I've waited tables for years during college, so I know what those are)... Luckily, we were too hungry, hungover, and close to finishing our meal to give much of a shit. We got the bill, left a sizeable tip to let her know we weren't going to stoop to her level of rudeness, and walked out. Given better (or at least more consistent) service, I'd say 3.5 stars, but a 1.5-2 for managing to almost ruin a fairly-OK meal...
5	i love Huber Keller!!!! In my experience the service from beginning to end was great! But i have to say i went for lunch and it was not as packed as I saw when i passed by at dinner time.  We had the strawberry beer and the chocolate alcohol milkshake thingy it was everything you would love if you love thick milkshakes with a little happy in it ;0)!! The burgers were very tasty as are the sweet potato fries!!! A must go in Vegas!!!
4	When I think of Hubert Keller, I don't think of this place at all.The environment here makes me think of a higher end biker bar. All the waitresses are wearing hip hugger jeans, tight black spaghetti straps with their midriffs showing, cleavage popping and their tramp stamps proud and loud. That said, the waitresses are all very sweet and accommodating. I ordered the Hubert Keller burger which is a buffalo on ciabatta bread with spinach, caramelized onions, blue cheese, and the usual condiments. I liked it a lot, and it was very juicy as well. I loved the sweet potato fries which the waitress allowed me to substitute at no additional cost. My other party member built their own burger: kobe beef with mushrooms, caramelized onions, avocado, and some other condiments that escape my memory. That was actually significantly better than the Hubert Keller burger I had, perhaps it was due to a preference in the meat selection. The sizes are filling and I was glad I didn't order a shake, even though I really wanted to. I wouldn't have been able to finish both my burger and a shake without rolling off the escalator in a food coma induced state. If it wasn't so far off from the main Strip, I would come here more often. However, for those driving to and from Vegas, make this your first or last stop on your trip, unless you're staying @ Mandalay Bay. Vegas traffic just isn't worthwhile.
2	I didn't read the reviews before I went but read them before I decided to write my review. I am shocked. Really?! I was eating at a Yelp 4 star rated restaurant? I couldn't eat it when I was buzzed, I couldn't eat it when I was sober. Apparently, I ordered the burger named after the owner Hubert Keller. I don't understand why anyone would name themselves after such a..yeecchhhtt burger. It just didn't go together well. Never again, dear friend. I do must say the quality of the food was (as Tony the Tiger would say) grreeeaaaattt!
3	Better than average burger good fries but at what point is 20 dollars much money for a burger, fries and a coke.
4	Been here once, a while back to watch a sports game, drink up and of course have a burger! I don't often dine at Gourmet Burger spots but after seeing their wide array of optional toppings.. Yes, Ma'am.. A booth would be nice. Oh and the booths had flush mounted flat screen Tv's, a nice and personal touch.First time around, I went simple: Cheese Burger: A Single Angus Beef Patty, American Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and Mayo. Far Beyond the average so-so typical cheese burger, Much More Appealing!French Fries: Fat and Wide, just how I like em'! Bite the burger, grab some fries.. Bite the burger, grab some fries.....I was absolutely tempted to go with their Kobe burger and maybe some of the more exquisite toppings like foie gras, truffle.. Next time, I'll step it up and use my imagination..
2	Totally OVERRATED! There are tons of burger places, like the counter, in Vegas that are way better than this place. I ordered the angus burger with sweet potatoe fries-- the fries were cold and the burger lacked salt! I think it's unacceptable, especially coming from a "Top Chef Master!"
5	Wow..that was quite possibly one of the best burgers I have ever eaten!There was a bit of a wait for a table so we decided to sit at the far end of the bar. I am glad we did. We had a really great server..who was also not bad to look at. He made sure our waters were filled and when the burgers arrived he got us our mayo stat.My burger had American cheese and bacon with the works. I ordered it med rare and it was perfect! I cant never get my grilled burgers at home to look like that. The onion rings went very well with it all.My friend had the same burger but got zucchini as her side. I was able to nibble a few of those. They were good but a touch on the greasy side. All and all a very good spot for a burger!
5	This place is AMAZING!  Make sure to get the ADULT Milkshake and the Zuchinni (sp) Fries!  YUMMM!!!!!
4	Now, this is more like it!  Being a sortof "Burger Affectionado" The Burger Bar fills my belly and doesn't leave me with a crater in my wallet that Holsteins Shakes, n Buns did.  I ordered the classic and my fav Northcoast PranQster...yummo!  I got a big pile of fries wit, and a side of tomato lettuce, onion and a fresh pickle.  The patty is nearly 2" thick without any of those "mystery pieces" you can't chew...(I think they're lil rubber bands ;) and it tasted wonderful.My waitress was "Ingrid" at the bar and she was always checking on me and smiling from ear to ear...Sweetheart, do those babies hurt?!  LOLBurger Bar may trip up once-in-awhile...just not at my table.
4	After hearing about the Burger Bar for the last two years I finally got a chance to try it and the gourmet burgers are very good. I went with a business associate and we both ordered the Kobe Beef burger which, according to the menu, is produced in the Snake River area. Our burgers were cooked perfectly and were tasty. I ordered the buttermilk onion rings and they were excellent. Maybe the best onion rings I have ever eaten!Burger Bar offers a huge selection of condiments to pile on your burger but every item will add a buck or two the the cost of the meal. The Kobe Burger will run $20 so be prepared.Service was very good and the iced tea and lemonade are both perfectly prepared. The restaurant reminds me of a loud sports bar and there is loud music playing over the speaker system.  It is very difficult to hear and carry on a conversation.  It is a good choice for quick meal, once you are seated, and a tasty burger.
4	Kobe Burger was good. Fries were ok and so where the apps. They went homemade which disappointed me because I expected this place to have fresh cut fries and apps but I was wrong. We also got some drinks which hardly had alcohol in em. I knocked off a star for that and the fact the the fries werent fresh cut and the apps were frozen.
4	Very good burgers - a bit pricey but still delicious
4	The Hurbert Keller burger is to die for !
3	Had their Kobe burger, sweet potatoe fries and a glass of wine. Good burger & fries. OK wine. It was busy when I was there but I think the server should have spent a little more time with each patron. Think the lamb burger at BLT is better!
2	A basic burger, add overpriced because it is vegas.Then for good measure throw in some snobbish hostess types at the front of the restaurant and you have a recipe for annoyance.I have had just as good at Red Robin, so not a "must visit" place.
3	Good burgers, good quality ingredients, slightly expensive in some cases I think.  Their milkshakes are the bomb though, wicked awesome.My main problem is that I can find a burger just as good elsewhere for way cheaper.  Ergo only 3 stars.
4	One of the best burgers in Vegas!  Well, at least it better be for the price LOLKobe burger+truffle is off the grid good!  I just wish I didn't have to peddle flyers on the Strip to pay for the extravagant price =XGreat burgers, great shakes, just be prepared to pay for it.
3	I heard a lot about this place so decided to check it out. Many choices available to 'build your own' burger. You can even choose the type of meat you want. I tried the Slider plate which is 3 small sliders each made with a different type of meat. It was good, but not great. $13.25 We also had the appetizer sampler in the cone. We ordered onion rings, sweet potato fries and mac and cheese bites. All were good, but nothing special. $11.80This place is basically just overpriced burgers with a twist. But you PAY for that twist. our bill was $68 (before the tip) for 3 burgers, 3 sodas and the appetizer. We had a hot little waitress with a total bitchy attitude... This place hires lotsa eye candy but not much substance.
3	Brought the whole family here to check it out last week and we wanted a completely different experience compared to In and Out.  We wanted to pay the big bucks for a great tasting burger.  Not bad at all...Ambiance - Well, when you put out a club type front person to take your reservation and then have everyone wait for a table, you kinda create your own "must go" type of atmosphere. Tables, booths and music, this is a long and narrow restaurant, but plenty of room.Service - Not bad, not great. Made a few mistakes on the orders, but overall, decent.Presentation - Food is kinda slopped onto a large plate, and if you order without fries on each plate , and choose to say, share fries with everyone, then the kitchen hasn't a clue how to make the plates look half empty with only the burger on it. I find that to be odd for a 20.00 burger. Yeah, put it on a huge plate and make it look like you paid a lot for a little.Food - Good taste overall for sure.  Definitely interesting to either order pre-made combinations or order everything on your own.  However, the taste is okay, not mind blowing.Price - Very expensive for the quality.  I would have to be careful when I come back, because I will not frequent this place. Getting to it is a challenge since you are going to go to a casino, park, walk and walk and walk...... For the money, without the club type atmosphere you can go to Grind Burger on Trop and it is as good or slightly better.Overall - Good experience, glad I tried it. Would bring clients, but not sure if I would come back with the family.Family note - Don't let your kids go to the bathroom alone. Seems that the toilets are in the restaurant, which make it safe, but the fact is the signs bring you to an exit door and you exit the rear of the restaurant and you are in the back of the public mall where anyone and everyone has access.  The door from this public area to the restaurant is open and so, BE CAREFUL.  This is a disaster waiting to happen!  Very poor security.
5	Why didnt i try the $60 Kobe burger?......WHY? The cheaper priced one was delicious, but, im very curious as to what the 60 dollar one tastes like. Best burger i ever had. We were in Vegas for 4 days. We ate 3 times while we were there, and they were all at the burger bar. Drunken idiots we were! Goodtimes!
4	I got the hubert keller with an order of fried jalapenoed pickles and a nutella shake. My entire order was delicious!! The service was good as well. It is a bit pricey but the experience was good. Very casual place you can take the entire family there. located inside mandalay bay.
4	I stopped in here when I was vacationing in LV last weekend, and it was probably the food-highlight of the trip.  I had the Kobe beef burger with peppered jack cheese, caramelized onions, and the typical burger toppings.  It was fantastic.  The onion rings were also delicious, and the bloody mary I had was hands-down the best I've ever drank.  I don't think I'd go out of my way to visit this place again on my next trip (considering how many places there are to eat in Vegas,) but it's definitely worth checking out if you're close-by.
4	O.M.G.Got the black and blue burger. SO good.  Staff was very nice but honestly the service was pretty slow.  Waited only 5 minutes to be seated, but close to 30 before we got our food. Dont bother with the garlic fries, they were nothing special.They have a fantastic selection of hot sauces which made me pretty happy :)
3	About 3.5 stars but not really worth the money. I had the Kobe Burger $17 and fries $3. Cheese Cake Factory Kobe was better!!!
3	This place was cool, I came and got their Foie Gras burger but was underwhelmed. In my opinion, it's not worth $60, even with a free dessert.It was a nice atmosphere, but I will stick with the $10-$15 burgers if I ever come back
5	This has to be the Best burger I've had, cooked perfectly, and the flavors were great.  portion size was also great, not too big, not too small.  I also had the BB Twinkie shake and it was also amazing. Waitstaff was very nice, and the place was packed within 30mins of opening.  I'll be back for sure, and I'll have to try the one back home in SF.
4	These burgers were really, really good!  Not to mention the generous portion of sweet potato fries with a nice basil aioli to make sure no artery went unclogged.  I went with the HappyNature patty on wheat with Monterey Jack and the regular assortment of burger dressings.   Mmm!  Top on that their good beer selection and you had me actually admitting I was enjoying time in the Miracle Mile.  I think that's illegal to admit as a local...
5	Whenever I go to Vegas, I absolutely have to stop by Burger Bar. It's  my favorite burger joint ever, a shame they don't have one in So. Cal. This is a build-your-own-burger place and they have an amazing selection of meats and things to put in your burger. The last time I was here, I ordered a regular angus patty with grilled onions, American cheese, prosciutto, bacon, and garlic aoli on the side. I love the onion rings here! They are the type that when you bite in, the whole onion doesn't come out! How nice. A little on the pricey side but worth it. Huge portions too!A little hint... This place is almost always packed and usually there's a crowd outside waiting. Helpful hint, find yourself a seat at the bar! You get the full menu PLUS you can order alcohol directly from the bartender. I don't know why people don't think about doing this... So don't be dumb, feed your tummy, and sit at the bar.
3	The best thing about this place for me was our super friendly waitress.  They have a pretty good selection of burgers and various types of fries, as well as milkshakes which even include a Twinkie variety. I didn't get a milkshake but wish I had. I got a regular burger and a salad which consisted of just lettuce in a bowl.  The burger was fine, but nothing too special.  If I went back I would choose something a little more out of the box since that seems to be the way to go here.We waited an hour for lunch on a Sunday around 2 pm!  Be prepared to pay $20 for a burger, fries, and drink which is typical Vegas pricing.
4	Good food, good service. Burger was delicious.
3	all weekend long, my friends were looking forward to eating here to end our vegas trip. apparently, it was the best burger they have ever tried... so it was a must! i must admit that there was a great selection of burgers, fries, and add ons. There is a lure to being able to customize everything on your burger, especially at a pretty decent price. I'm not a vegetarian, but always interested in trying different takes on the veggie burger.. so trying to be adventurous i went with it! it was really tasty - a nice blend of veggies and rice, grilled to have a nice bite to it. Sadly, our waitress was not on here game that day and kept forgetting certain add-ons. I still feel if I got my avocados in my burger it would have really made it! oh well... the fried zucchini fries somewhat made up for it. I definitely need to come back and try a 'real' burger since it seemed like everyone devoured theirs.
5	Great service, quality food, this one is a winner plain and simple!! The bartender was kind enough to let us sit and order even though they were closing in fifteen minutes. One of the best burgers I have had in years!! Excellent in a pinch. The french fries and sweet potato fries were delicious. Highly recommended.
4	the best burger we ever had - each of us - that is for suremy wife and I went thereon our first night in vegas. we saw the reviews and figured this is right for usrestaurant is nice sports bar, very casual, not uptight at all. service was very good. i had a kobe beef burger just to try cause i figured i need to know if you really need to waist such good cut of meet in a burger. to tell the truth i still do not know. it was a very delicious burger, cooked perfectly they way i love but not sure it was really  the kobe beef vs regular beef with 30% fat.....my wife had a lean buffalo burger which was also out of this world.we each had a different fries with our meals - both were great!the toppings you chose to put on the burgers were disappointing and expensive. disappointing cause we felt they take a way from the pure burger taste and some that were over 4$ just is too much for a little bit of this or that......my wife also took a "salad" side which was just a 7$ very very small ball of very few leafs(less then a hand full) of this and that.....really a joke under any salad standard and a total waist of timeadd to that 2 beers and you are looking at $80 evening that had a pint + a burger.....so certainly  on the high end side for 2 burgers in a sport bar.But and a huge but - they were the best burgers we ever had!!!
5	sure the price may be a bit steeper than what you find at other burger places but you are kidding yourself if you think you can find this kind of flavor and indulgence at your classic greasy spoon booger joint.  i ordered the kobe burger with blue cheese and classic fries.  simply put it was the best burger i have ever had and was well worth the $20.  IMO, Keller is offering the best food on the strip.
2	American Kobe Burger - Ordered med-well, got it at med.  Pretty good sized burger, but not amazing taste.  Was decent.  Tomato was tiny.Sweet potato fries were just ok.  I've had way better.  They were a little cold and seemed like they were about 1-2 hours oldGood selection of beers if you aren't spoiled by the Northwest like I am
4	Really good. I had the Kobe beef, which was pretty good, but not worth the $17 I paid.  Fries (couple different types to choose from) and the various sauces were real good. Being able to add whatever you want to your burger is very nice, but of course you pay for it.  Wife had to check the burger twice to ensure it was turkey; it tasted so good. Lots of TVs and your pop is constantly full.  Great selection of beer on tap and in the bottle.  Not a whole lot of flavor on the burger would be my only complaint.
5	Second only to In and out, Hubert Keller's Burger bar is a top burger joint.  Ive been there twice and have tasted four different creations of burger and they are all delicious.  I love how many different toppings you can choose, and they are all high quality ingredients.  You can go from really fancy (truffles, lobsters, Kobe beef) or just plain ol american.  Either way, it can form to any wallet.  If you dont want to choose your own ingredients they have pre-selected top burgers, the Blackjack burger was really good.  I thought the skinney fries were too overdone, but the sweet potato fries were good.  This time around we tried a milkshake, the Black and White one.  OMG milkshakegasm.  Delicious, creamy, chuncks of cookie dough and homemade chocolate whipped cream.  If that isnt you thing, I hear Burger Bar has the largest selection of beers on tap ON THE WHOLE STRIP.   The french man created the best over the top burger joint- good eats with a healthy dash of Vegas Flash.
5	I wanted a bloody, rare burger. And that's what I got. I'm pretty sure I could hear my burger moo at me when I bit into it. Dripping in juice...so good. And yes.. again, it was so yummily rare.  Don't worry - all y'all who are afraid of a lil pink, my friends got their burgers medium and no moos coming from their burger.  Tons of burgers to choose from OR opt for the build your own burger variety.  They even have an oh-so-indulgent kobe beef burger!  I got the country natural burger, added on a fried egg, bacon, and provolone.  In all honesty, I wanted to go all out and add truffles and truffle sauce, and foie gras, but I was trying to be good.  Even with me 'sacrificing', that burger was amazing. When I ordered my burger rare.. it came RARE. I love that. I love ordering meat rare and it being done right.  It totally tickled my burger fancy. My friends got their burger - and I wish I could tell you what was on theirs - but I was so involved in my own bloody burger goodness that I just didn't notice.  We also shared the sweet potato fries and zucchini fries.  The sweet potato fries were good - albeit, perhaps the least amazing part of the whole meal - and the zucchini fries were delicious!!! Soft and crunchy at the same time. All that washed down with a yummy Spaten Optimator beer...this whole meal made me one very happy girl.Wait...that's not all. We ended the meal sharing a mint chocolate chip milkshake made with a mint liqueur. Amazeballs, I tell you.  We were so full we were convinced we'd only sip some and take no more. But it was so good, we forced our fat asses to keep going...and we regret not one sip of it.  Sat at the bar, didn't have to wait for a table, and the bartender/waitress was super awesome and nice.  So, my verdict? Burger Bar = happy lil me.
4	Anytime we are in Vegas, we have to swing by Mandolay Place and eat at the Burger Bar..it's definitely a tradition each year.  We never make reservations and they are always able to seat us right away or within 30 min (which is enough time to check out the nearby shops).  The Burgers are outstanding and the fact that you can pick from so many toppings, buns, cheeses makes this place just AWESOME. I only wish they had pretzel buns (as those are my fav). Fries are soooooo good. YOu have several choices too. I always get sweet potato fries and they are super duper crisp. Zuchinni fries are so good too. I always tend to overeat--its just so good i try to shove it all in.  They also cook it perfectly--as you wish. I like mine medium and I got mine medium. Prices are reasonable for a customized burger.My only complaint is the service. Not sure why, but its a lil' slow. It's not like we are rushing to get outta there, but when you're hungry its a LONG time to wait for your food.  Waiters good be a tid bit friendlier.  DEfinitely WORTH a place going to when you're in SIN city.
4	There's nothing better than customized burgers. Really...there isn't. This was our last meal before we left for home. My friends and I shared the fries sampler with sweet potato fries, zucchini fries, and onion rings, and 5 dipping sauces. The sampler came in a holder shaped in three cones. You can imagine that not a lot onion rings fit into that cone. but, they were yummy.I was not too keen on some of the sauces. The white bbq sauce was ok and so was the basil aioli. homemade mustard was forgettable. chipotle aioli was ok. cinnamon honey mustard was recommended for our sweet potato fries but i definitely wouldn't dip my sweet potato fries in that. 2 friends shared a nutella milkshake. soooo yummy!!! so my other friend and i decided to order another milk shake. We ordered the black and white which was vanilla ice cream and cookie dough shake with chocolate whipped cream. it was ok. not worth $8.75. i had the turkey burger on a wheat bun with pepperjack cheese, caramelized onions, and avocado. turkey patty was overseasoned, but the overall taste of it was good. Spent about $25 on my meal including tax and tip. A bit steep for a burger joint.
3	Ok... so mixed feelings on this place.I like the burgers... I like that they accomodate group parties with pre-determined menus ... and I like that they assign big groups 2 servers and multiple bussers. However... I don't like that it's so freakin' loud in there and that the set up (flow of tables and traffic pattern) is NOT efficient or easy to maneuver. You have to squeeze around tables, chairs and people to get through the place and then dodge the servers and the bussers who have trays of food/plates.I enjoyed the Buffalo Burger with Zucchini fries. Buffalo Burger was juicy and meaty and lean.  So good!  The bun was a bit too thick for me so I only ate one side.... the zucchini fries had too much batter for me. I would prefer a lighter batter... and more zucchini... rather than the other way around.  I saw the Cobb Salad and it was BIG... and it looked really good.Yes... I'll be back to try other items on the menu.... might be better to go during the week when it might not be as crowded.
4	The burgers are very good.  Many combinations to choose from.   I have recommended this restaurant to friends visiting Las Vegas and they all have come back and thanked me.  Stop into Lush for a free hand message afterwards.
1	I've held off on this review for quite a while, but after strike 3 here I felt compelled to finally write my review. I'm sure this might be hit or miss, but at least this experience has repeated itself.The concept of the build your burger and of course the Hubert endorsement is a reason that fills the seat, but my love for the Burger Bar unfortunately stops there.I have gone on 3 separate occasions and the first 2 I have had issues with the burger and recently it was now my wife who had the "Irish Luck" with Lunch.The first two times I had the build your burger and both times they had come out raw vs. the medium that was requested. I normally am not a complainer when I eat, but for something like that getting sick is not my forte.Recently I went and this time it was my wife's burger that was red and dripping blood which was inexcusable. She ordered sliders and she even said it best "how can you undercook a small patty"?Beyond those experiences, I feel the overall flavor of the burger itself is just not there. I was looking for a little kick or at least something that doesn't leave me looking for a soda or a "dolled up" milk shake. I'm now on the hunt for a new burger establishment to satisfy my requests.
5	I love this place! The food the service and the ambiance all fantastic.
4	I absolutely loved this place! A small group of us were there for my friend's birthday and I had the Hubert Keller Burger with buffalo, baby spinach, blue cheese, caramelized onions, a shallot reduction sauce on a ciabatta bun.... um... AMAZING! I've never had buffalo before and found it very flavorful and lean. The shallot reduction sauce was a little underwhelming and kinda made the burger a big mess.... but a delicious mess!Remember... it is Las Vegas so it is a bit pricey.... my burger was about $20, but worth it for Vegas. You spend $20 on a spin at the roulette table so why not for an amazing burger. Also had some onion rings and fried zucchini which was great. Some of the best fried zucchini I've ever had. They have a HUGE beer selection which I loved... had a amber ale which was perfect with the burger. Our server was great.... very prompt and always had a smile. The hostess however, seemed like she checked out for the day. While she was physically there and seated us quickly, she had -0- personality.This is definitely on my list of places to return to when I'm in Vegas :)
3	The fries were fabulous, but the main attraction, the burger, was just okay. I ordered the black jack burger with black angus beef cooked medium, pepper jack, an olive tapenade, and ciabatta roll. The beef could have used a little more salt as it was lacking flavor. The burger was expertly cooked, however. The Vegas strip tourist pricing coupled with the lackluster burger will probably keep me from coming back.
2	Waited for an hour to get in and than 40 min for our regular burgers to be served. Burgers were ok, not sure that $100 for 4 regular burgers no fries and one sangria is worth it
5	A must hit stop on any Vegas trip, although the 35 minute wait for a table at lunchtime shows word is getting around.  The Kobe beef burger is amazing, large topping selection, onion rings are ridiculous, TVs at every booth, what more could you want?
3	I had the Hubert Keller burger and the buffalo was surprisingly good.  I wasn't expecting it to be as juicy and flavorful.  My only complaint was that the caramelized onions and blue cheese overwhelmed the burger.  Others at my table had the Kobe beef burger or the Black Angus burger which were good, but not out of this world.  I would definitely come back to try the buffalo burger again, but would probably opt to build my own and take the less is more philosophy.
4	Burger Bar @ Mandalay BayLV: StripSaturday April 24, 2011Four Stars30 Minute Wait.  No Problem.  Slip the Hostess a $20 and the wait seemed to disappear.  I love Vegas b/c all propriety does not exist.  There was a great beer selection but I did not partake b/c I was already wrecked for the last few nights. The waitress filled my water glass at least 15 times. The Surf and Turf Burger was amazing.  The Build Your Own Burger was great too.  Thats all I really remember.
4	We go here just about every Vegas trip.  The burgers are really good although I can think of a few better ones.  The ability to add almost any toppings is cool.  Sweet potatoe fries - yum. Always a busy place, good selection of beer on tap, great service.
4	We bypassed the wait by grabbing seats at the bar.  Great beer selection, we went with a pitcher of fat tire which was new to us East Coasters.  Delicious burgers, huge and juicy.  We also had the deep fried pickles which were surprisingly tasty.  Overall it was a great place to sit, grab a burger and relax.
4	Multiple visits over time here the last year or so but never reviewed... I'll keep it simple 2nd floor in mall above Mandalay Bay  in the shops. Long narrow dining room with booths along the wall as well as double bar area that you can dine at.Gourmet Elaborate burgers are the norm, with over 150 beers by the bottle and on Tap.  6 of us for Lunch with the following ordered.3 Kobe Burgers Maybe the best Burger I've ever eaten $16.00 2 Orders of Sliders "Nature" Angus, Buffalo (3) Loved by my amigo $16.001 Nature Best all natural beef.. (Great but not as flavorful as others)Fries were OK told sweet potatoe fries butter, but the Skinny Fries and Fat Fries were just ok.Large Milkshakes with alcohol were ordered which looked Interesting, fattening and good.All and all Kobe Burger was outstanding and I'm a repeat customer.
3	I am a fan of Hubert Keller ever since I saw him on Top Chef Masters.  We enjoyed the food at Fleurs de Lys which is closed now and refashioned to Fleurs.  First try at the Burger Bar wasn't too impressive though.  Our burgers came out medium well so it was a bit on the dry side.   Gave Burger Bar another try and this time our burgers came out pink the way we like it.  Still like RM Seafood's RM Burger better (order it medium rare) but Burger Bar is a good alternative since the RM Burger is only served at lunch.
4	$17.50+ for a Kobe Burger! If that didn't sound ridiculous enough, there's a $60+ burger as well on the menu ;)Burger bar is located between Mandalay Bay & MGM.Came here for lunch on a Sunday, during the NBA playoffs. Wait time was about 10-15 minutes, not bad.There's plenty of TV screens above the bar and at every booth, there's a TV screen as well, awesome! I ordered a medium well Kobe burger ($17.50) w/ swiss (+$0.70), portobello mushrooms (~+$1.00), & caramelized onions (~+1.00). So after the added toppings, total for my burger was about $20.20 (dammmmmmmmnnnnnnnn) I thought the burger was one of the best burgers I've had. The kobe meat melted in my in mouth, it was tender and was full of flavor...delicious!!We also ordered onion rings, skinny fries, and fat fries. I thought they were average.I probably wouldn't come back though, $20 for a burger is quite a lot.
4	So, we hit this place up twice during our week stay in Vegas. We were at the Luxor, so it was a short walk to get to here.To anyone who orders their burgers anything but mid rare-rare. What is wrong with you? That being said, our first experience was pretty awesome.We didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes. We ordered the sliders to start and they were heavenly. Anything on brioche is sure to be fabulous.I ordered a kobe burger medium rare with jalapenos, jalapeno bacon, guacamole and pepper jack cheese. It was heaven. The husband ordered a kobe as well, but I can't remember what was on his. The only issue I had with the service was that we had to ask for several things that should have come with the burgers. They forgot my bacon and my jalapenos and they forgot my husband's aioli. I had the sweet potato fries. They were delicious.The second trip, I ordered the Guinnes float which was fantastic. I ordered a NatureSource burger mid rare, but it came out well done and I couldn't eat it. It was totally dry. The server never came back around after her first check in so when I finally had a chance to tell her that the burger was overcooked, Jared has finished all of his food. She offered me another burger but I said no thank you. I had to refuse two more times because she kept trying to give me another burger. I didn't want to sit and eat while my husband had already finished his meal AND we had reservations for a nice dinner in like 3 hours so we really had to go and get ready for that. They took it off the bill, so no harm I guess.I figure that if the service wasn't so spotty, it would be a 5 star place. The burgers are fantastic when cooked right, and the prices are average for Vegas and well worth it for those delicious burgers.
4	Okay, it's been a while since I was here but since I keep comparing burgers to this place, I had to add this quick review. If you are near the Mandalay in Vegas, and seek a quick/casual lunch, you must try Hubert Keller's take on the american classic. I was here with a friend who tends to enjoy the finer things in life, so when he ordered the pricey Kobe Beef Burger, I did the same. After the first large bite into it, you should notice two key things. One: the flavor explosion of the high-quality beef bouncing around your mouth.. and Two: that captivating image of a perfect burger bite, where the juicy medium-rare meat begs you to take another bite, even while you're still chewing the first.. We both wanted to stand up and applaud.I don't remember what the fries tasted like.
3	I wanted to love it. Love Hubert on television. I expected it to be the best in the world. I mean, why wouldn't I. Internationally renowned French Chef does his take on the American classic. Not the best in the world or in the country. Burger I got was the natural, hormone free, organic, grass fed, yada, yada. It was very good, juicy, with a great char but it was not spectacular. It should be spectacular, right? It was as good as what I make on my grill. Well, mine might be slightly better. It could have used some seasoning.My friend got the veggie burger, homemade from lentils and veggies, etc. It was not that good. It fell apart...did not stick together the way you need a burger to. Not seasoned nearly enough. Nothing special and would not order again.The fries tasted like they were fried with everything else on the menu that is fried. Kind of like Jack in the Box fries. The onion rings were very good, but Ruth's Chris are better. The zucchini sticks must be made in a factory. The coating was so thick. The inside was molten liquid. No taste of zucchini. First bite we both burned our mouths. Did not eat any more. Made it hard to enjoy anything other than the iced tea. Which was fresh brewed and good.Disappointed.Ambiance: typical, loud bar with multiple televisions on. I guess it's supposed to simulate a "sports bar."Service: the waiter was great, just right amount of friendly, efficient and helpful without being overly solicitous. However, the hostess acted like we were bothering her by walking up to her for a table and when we left, 3 of them were hanging out with each other like some high school click, while ignoring a couple who had just walked up for a table. Weird. Work on customer service, Huber! Shameful with all the choices to eat in LV, that your staff should be off-putting to customers.
5	Best Burger we had here. I ordered the surf and turf. It was delicious. I ordered sweet potato fries and they were good well. My boyfriend ordered the buffalo burger. It was pricey but what do you expect for quality burgers in Mandalay Bay.
4	This burger joint is located at Mandalay Place, a shopping mall located next to the casino. Each booth has their own TV so you can watch any channel you want. I would suggest getting a booth to get the full experience of this place. The decor is very "pub" like and is similar to many bars in Vegas. I went straight for a strawberry mojito.. it is Vegas by the way. The drink was not too strong and had just the right amount of strawberry flavor. I ordered the Kobe burger medium rare.. and it was the perfect fit for me. My burger came in nice and juicy. The meat itself was simply seasoned and charbroiled for several minutes. Each bite literally melted in my mouth. I don't remember even chewing the burger! The fries sampler was also pretty delicious. It comes with three different sauces that just makes your five fingers want to reach out for more! I would definitely compare this place to Father's Office here in LA. The place gets pretty packed but we only had to wait 20 or so minutes to get a table.
4	If you're into decadent burgers, this is the place for you. Burger Bar is a casual restaurant in the Mandalay Bay which features awesome shakes and gourmet burgers. Pricey for a burger, but I would say it's worth it. Get the sweet potato fries.
5	No screwing around..... The best burger I've ever had...... so far.
3	The Burger Bar has been recommended by several friends and I have eaten there twice now...one pre-Yelp and once post-Yelp. They serve a decent burger and good shakes, but the food isn't anywhere near 4-star quality. Stuck in Mandalay Place between Luxor and Mandalay, the Burger Bar takes work to find, but it is a decent place for a burger after a long night in Vegas. I had the Buffalo burger with cheddar cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato and red onion. It was cooked a little past medium, but it was not too bad. The wheat bun (as usual, kudos for this option) was a bit stale. The meat was seasoned nicely and the flavors came together fairly well. Overall, the burger was good, but not great. I had a vanilla shake and that was pretty good! Sweet, tasty and cold with a large topping of whipped cream. It came with a spoon and extra-wide straw too. I think I'd go back for lunch if I was staying in the Mandalay-Luxor-Excalibur complex, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at the Burger Bar.
3	The fries are kind of disappointing so 1 star deducted for that. The buffalo burger with carmelized onion and fried egg and cheddar is a solid choice. The beer menu is volumes long! The milkshakes both adult (read alcoholic) and regular are awesome too, especially the grasshopper.
3	So I checked out Burger Bar in LV to see what all the hype was all about.  Unfortunately I was disappointed.  I had the top of the line Kobe burger which was supposed to be the "The King"  of all burgers because of the quality of meat.  So I'm thinking that I was gonna taste the way eveyone was hyping it up to be and it tasted like a regular charbroiled burger.  I ordered what the chef recomended so it had provolone and sat on top of a Onion bun because I didn't want anything to take away from the over $20.00 Kobe hamburger patty.  It  was nothing to Yelp about.  If I would of known it was gonna taste like that I would of ordered everything on it , cause it just was not what I was expecting.  For the amout I paid I would of rather have gone to FAT Burger  and got the Burger with the Bacon, Cheese, and Fried Egg it , located on the Las Vegas strip, and it would of came with a milk shake and a side as well.
4	Probably the best thing you can get inside the Luxor vicinity (in the walkway that connects it with Mandalay). Its a bastard child of Hubert Keller. You really couldn't get any sense of him putting his finger into the place with it looking like any other sports bar in the entire world. Sure you can get foie or lobster on your burger but it just doesn't have the finesse that you might expect from a chef like him.Overall its a good burger bar with TVs in each of the booths. and plenty of taps of beers to choose from. You can basically create your own sampler of beers which will range from $2-$6 each depending on which beers you actually pick. The burgers can be built to order with basically anything available for you to add on to.As sides i tried their Fried Cheese (love them, reminds me of denny's), and Zucchini fries (tasty, the breading stayed on while eating)
5	There's a loooong wait here for a reason. Burger Bar is awesome. The best thing about it I would say, are the endless options (customizable burgers, drinks, etc). Not to mention the deliciousness. Burger prices range from normal to ridiculous ($60) for those with fancy tastes. There was turkey, salmon, normal beef, Kobe beef, etc, with all sorts of fancy toppings available. (The expensive one had truffle essence...I still have no idea what that tastes like).We ended up splitting a Kobe burger (they charge for splits, ugh!)  as pictured (http://media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/xPX-07JmgKNbObjsoYBP2g/l). The patty was impossibly tender and wonderfully seasoned. We ordered a dipping sampler for our fries (http://media2.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/GB-CP9WLcVvQKnjJ0-d2fQ/l). It was super-fun to try all the sauces. I liked the chipotle sauce the most. I also got seriously what I consider the most luscious Strawberry Margaritas ever (http://media1.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/WoZJlUx7yG4yrR6ycTuXbw/l). I had TWO of them. There was a lot of fresh, sweet strawberry puree in there, as well as scattered mint leaves for to make it even more refreshing.Last, we topped our meal off with dessert. There were many, many choices available...including alcoholic milkshakes, with customizable flavors (pick the liquor, pick the flavor)! Amazing. We settled on the dessert burger, which consisted of donuts sandwiching a sheet of passionfruit jelly, kiwis, strawberries, and gnutella (http://media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/7p_GLg35zpGOLnw-FjHLqg/l), accompanied by a drizzle of raspberry sauce and a dollop of whipped cream. It was soooo cute and yummy. I loved Burger Bar!! Next time I'm getting an alcoholic milkshake...
5	I had lunch there last week and it is still one of my all-time favorites.  Salmon burger with sweet potato fries is always topnotch.  Salmon portion seemed to be a bit thicker than usual but it was cooked perfectly.  It is one of the best cuts of salmon I have had at any restaurant.  Sweet potato fries were crispy and also some of the better ones I have had.  Lunch with 2 beers was less than $20 - great value.By the way, sit at the bar if you can.  It often makes for interesting conversation.
4	I'd like to start and say this place deserves more a 4.5 stars then a 4.So, this was my third time here, me and my best friend go every other year to Vegas, and we always make sure to stop here no matter how far away it is from where we are staying.First trip, I ordered the Hubert Keller Burger, which is buffalo, caramelized onions, baby spinach, and bleu cheese on a ciabatta bun, and my friend ordered the same.  Let me tell you, this was absolutely amazing, and i'm not that big of a bleu cheese fan unless its on wings.  This burger was delectable.  Cooked perfectly, and the addition of the baby spinach was nice along with the onions, and on the ciabatta bun, which feel apart 3/4 of the way because it was so juicy.  The burger is easily a 5.  The reason I cant give this place a full 5, is unfortunately because of the fries, which were skinny fries.  Now yes they offer different fries, but ours came with the skinny fries.  These were just a 3, needed a bit more salt and 15 seconds more in the fryer.  Drinks, this was the interesting part.  Last time, I ordered multiple beers, they have, in my opinion, a fantastic beer menu.  BUT, I ordered the Mint Choc. Chip Alcoholic Milkshake, which was absolutely amazing.  We also ordered the ice cream beer flight.  Put it this way, every single person in the place looked at us regretting not ordering this for themselves.  I highly recommend.  Second trip here.  My friend ordered the Hubert Keller burger again, and I ordered the American Classic.  Again, both cooked perfectly, and consistant, same issue with the fries though.  And again we ordered the alcoholic drinks.  Overall.  Easily worth going to over any burger joint on the strip.  Trick, take the Tram from Excalibur to Mandalay Bay, saves the looooong walk.
3	We had the Kobe Burger and the American Classic, with sweet potato fries, onion rings, and the Pink Monkey milkshake (strawberries, bananas, and whipped cream).The Kobe Burger was quite tasty although pricey at $17. The American Classic was topped with a plentiful amount of bacon which made it very good. The milkshake was also very good - you can taste the real fruit ingredients they used to make it but again was pretty expensive at $8.75. Although I enjoyed the meal it was not amazing - there are better options in Vegas for your money.
5	I love, love, love this place.Solid beer selection.Solid burger.Great staff.  Even their salads are great!  Their low carb burger is delicious, too.  There is not one item I've ordered here that I haven't fully enjoyed.  When we visit, we usually sit in Erin's section, she's an awesome waitress.
5	One of the chefs I worked fro recommended this place to me when I visited Vegas. This place is just amazing! I'm not a huge fan of burgers but this burger joint is awesome! I love the fact that you can design your burger. The sweet potato are also great. You will not regret coming here!
5	Mmmm, big fat dripping burgers...probably the best burgers ever. Ok, maybe I was just really hungry, but they were some rocking burgers. Pretty damn expensive though, but hey, you're in Vegas and they are going to get your money one way or another. ;)
3	This place is located in the middle of a mall -- which was not what I was expecting. I was pretty excited since I'm a big fan of gourmet burgers and there were good things being said about this place.We stopped by during dinner time and they made us wait, which is fine. We wandered around the surrounding shops until they called us.Service was quick, and nice. I ordered a Kobe burger and thought it was pretty delicious. However... I gotta say, it wasn't worth the $17 I paid for it. I've had my fair share of gourmet burgers and this was NOT worth $17. Maybe $12. No more. I left satisfied, but not. I just couldn't help but feel ripped off. Maybe living in California has spoiled me a bit and we have plenty of amazing gourmet burger joints out here for way less! Sorry, but if you're charging me $17 for a burger, it better blow my damn mind.
4	I've been here a few times. We always try to stop here for a meal before we head home from our trip.I've yet to try their shakes which I hear are superb, but next time for sure. I got their sliders the first time and their classic burger the second time.The burgers were pefectly done, well to the way I asked for it anyway.In summary, the food is good and the service is slow. But I like it.
5	Probably the best burger i've ever had.  You can customize it in so many ways! 3 different kinds of bacon, 3 kinds of onions, a bunch of different mushrooms, etc. etc. I had a kobe beef on a chibatta bun with peppered bacon, button mushrooms, and blue cheese. Ohhmmyyyggoooddd. Soooo goooood!They also have good drinks. I had a long island which wasn't dissapointing but there are a bunch of different types of beers and a full bar.There was abouy a 20 minute wait around 5pm which really wasn't that bad.  The waiter was friendly enough he wasn't over the top spectacular. I had to ask for a glass of water a few times before he remembered.I will come here every time i'm in Vegas. It's outstanding.
5	Customizable burgers almost always never turn out the way we envision it.  With an amazing array of toppings to choose from, it's easy to get it wrong.  But after eating here on numerous occasions, I think I finally got it down pat.I've been hooked on Burger Bar since day one.  I make it an effort to eat here at least once on all my Vegas trips (approximately 7 trips since).  The minute I touch McCarran Airport I make a beeline straight to Mandalay.Is it that great?  Umm, yes and no.  It can be, you just gotta get the combos right.  Like I said before, it's very easy to go overboard on the toppings and just get it wrong.  You have the choice of ordering their pre-made selections or create your own.  Picking a bun, meat and fixin's can be perplexing.  Like me, you easily get lured into exotic items such as black truffles, lobster and foie gras.  I made that mistake in the beginning and my burgers came out tasting like a garbage disposal.  So many things mashed together, it was a complete mess.  Not only that, it  was a costly Frankenstein experiment... ranging upwards of $65 a burger.  Yeah, it adds up quick.  It wasn't until a couple of years ago that I stumbled upon a winning combination.  Plain bun, American Kobe (cooked medium rare), Lobster, American & Swiss cheese, Grilled Asparagus or sprouts, pickles and pesto.  Not too crazy, other than the lobster.  Eating that silky luxurious lobster tail is what drives me back.  It's that one ingredient that makes this burger gourmet!  It ain't cheap, but for $30 it gets my karma amped up to the highest notch.  All these nuances of flavor are working in every bite... sweet, savory, sour... mmm mmm mmm.  It's a feast on a bun!Come early, there's going to be a wait.  If you get a chance, order the Butttermilk battered Zucchini fries and the Peanut Butter and Jelly Burger for dessert.  OMG... BANANAS!
3	After enjoying my experience at Burger Bar in SF, I went with a big group to the Burger Bar in the Mandalay Bar. I was pretty impressed by the service (especially b/c we had such a big group), however I was not that thrilled with the ambiance. While in Vegas there are few establishments with great views, the set up of the restaurant is a bit awkward and very narrow which makes it feel like there are many people crammed in. The food however is just as good as it was in SF. Love the zucchini as well as the sweet potato fries and the burger was cooked to perfection.
5	The Kobe beef burger was the best burger I've had. The bf and I made this our first stop when we got to Vegas. We (aka "me") also wanted to try one of their dessert burgers, so we decided to split a Kobe burger and then split the Cheesecake burger. We got the Kobe burger, cooked medium, without any toppings *partially because we wanted to see the no frills version, partially because we just couldn't pick what to put on it*, and with a side of zucchini fries. There is a charge for splitting the plate, but they warn you ahead of time and make sure all the dressings *lettuce, tomato, onion* are provided for both burger halves. I didn't realize no toppings literally meant nothing on the burger. It was a patty and a bun. Add the dressings to preference. No condiments on the burger already. After dressing my burger, I was ready to put some ketchup on my burger, but my bf reminded me that "real" burgers don't use ketchup. I took a bite, and was glad I didn't ruin it with ketchup. The meat was juicy enough that it didn't need ANYTHING. I probably would have eaten the patty by itself. I secretly regretted splitting the burger with the bf. I bet he did too. The zucchini fries were great too. Cut thinner than I usually see, and not soggy at all. Fried goodness. I didn't expect too much from the cheesecake burger. I knew it was just a gimmick, but that's okay. I wanted to try the cute little donut burger. It was surprisingly good! The cheesecake was more like a mousse, and the drizzled some raspberry syrup on it as well. However, if I went back, I'd opt for my own Kobe burger, and skip the dessert. I prefer a good beef burger over a good cheesecake burger any day .
3	Not gonna lie, was a little underwhelmed by Burger Bar.  When a restaurant has the name Hubert Keller attached, you expect a certain level of quality, and so I was a little disappointed when what I got was just another burger joint.  That being said, I didn't get one of the signature burgers, so maybe I just didn't order the right thing.Ordered the Country National sustainable beef burger and topped it with avocado, grilled onions, and jalapenos.  While the meat was flavorful and cooked properly, the sesame seed bun was slightly hard on the outside and a little dry.  The jalapenos were the pickled, sliced varietal you're given to put on your nachos at movie theaters.We also had a trio of sides - french fries, sweet potato fries, and onion rings - none of which were any better than what you can get at your local neighborhood diner.If I were to return, would probably be a little more adventurous and try one of the "Chefs Burgers."
4	The burgers here are delicious. In my last trip to vegas i came here twice once in the middle and for my last meal.  I only got the standard burger patty and that was pretty good, i bet the kobe burger is even better.  The patty was juicy and the topings were all fresh (nothing looked like it was prepped a few days ago) and the bacon is delicious for a bacon burger.  The sweet potato fries are good too, slightly sweet and crispy not stale tasting like a lot of other restaurants. I love that you get to pick every aspect of yrour burger from the menu so you can create as big or odd a burger as you want.   Prices aren't too bad so i will definietly make a trip here next time i am in town.
4	I like to say that I am a sweet potato addict. If it is on the menu... I always order it. This place probably has the best sweet potato fries! They also have really good burgers (Which would make sense since they are a Burger joint). I have had their Surf and Turf Burger ... which is really good.... but I havent had another surf n turf burger to compare to. But anyone who goes here has to try their Hubert Keller burger! They use a Ciabatta bread for the bun and it is a buffalo burger. My cousin tried it (who is a big burger fan)... and he thought it is one of the best burgers he had ever had. You have to go try it for yourself!And as for dessert, I personally recommend their Chocolate Burger (which is made with donut for the buns, and some type of nutella and chocolate center for the patty). I only recommend this if you truly have a sweet tooth. But for those who just want a bit of sweetness added to their palate, I would recommend their Sundae Trio. This has a great balance of sweetness to your burger meal.
5	Build your own shake, need I say more! and build your own burger with more things to choose from than you can even imagine. Six types of "fries" the zucchini fries, sweet potato fries, and steak fries are all superb. You can even get a sampler of fries where you pick three. This place never lets you down. Hands down the best burger anywhere!
5	TASTY, SCRUMPTIOUS, ADDICTING!!! Each bite keeps you wanting more.. fantastic fries and MILKSHAKES!!!! The first time I went to the one in SF (the city) and got the sliders which were tasty but the second time I got the chicken sandwich that was on the menu, and I know that sounds funny to not get something with beef, but I wasn't in a beefy mood. The chicken tasted super tender & I felt like I was doing "the healthy thing" even though it was so yummy it also didn't feel like it, chicken was probably grilled & it was topped with veggies-- not a bad way to go when your indulging in fries and shakes! Go there!
5	so i've had this gem bookmarked for years and i never went bc i never came near mandalay bay, but this time i stayed at mandalay so i knew that i would eat here NO MATTER WHAT! i was walking around restaurant row w/ my friend looking @ fleur's menu (hubert keller's other restaurant) and i remembered that we had to go to burger bar ASAP! so on our way i was saying "if i see hubert keller i'm going to FREAK" and i looked up and BAM there he was! he was so sweet and so nice ahhhh!!!anyways back to burger bar :D we got seated right away (it was around 4 pm) my friend got the american kobe beef burger and i got the hubert keller burger (duh! it's his "favorite" lol) with sweet potato fries (extra crispy) my friend said his burger was one of the best he ever had. it was juicy, cooked perfectly and it was huge! i LOVED my buffalo burger!!! it was my first time eating buffalo and it was the best way to eat it...mmm it was so juicy and meaty *drooool* definitely come to burger bar for your burger fix. you won't regret it! great food, great service and a reasonable price (ESP for vegas)
4	This place has AMAZING food!  I had the Kobe beef burger with sweet potato fries...YUMMMMM.  We also had some appetizers. They were all delicious!
4	First of all it's the most anyone will probably pay for a burger in there lifetime at least for me i'm sure! But overpaying for food of humble origins is just part of that Vegas thing for good or ill and I have long made peace with it. The place is accurate in it's name as a bar because the size of the place I feel plays a factor in the long lines. Vegas is about huge volumes of people and this place is smaller then allot of restaurants around the strip so planning accordingly goes a long way to starving less. Personally I say what breaks this place apart from great places I have had burgers is not so much that its miles better. But rather the options to assemble your perfect burger is staggering and the possible combinations equally so. Think of it as your one shot to make a burger in your image and then devour it like a hungry god and you get the idea of this place. If your just ordering a regular burger that you think will surpass the regular burgers back home it might be able to but not by huge margins.
5	There is nothing like a beer in an ice cold frosty mug, and a big thick juicy burger. Oh and I forgot to mention that they have TV's in the booths, so you can watch the game... any man's dream.I decided to take my boyfriend here when we first starting dating. I thought a sports bar, with burgers who could go wrong? The burgers are not inexpensive; I believe our total bill was $80.00. (I should of made him pay..lol)My favorite thing was that you could build your own burger, and pick your own beef. Of course I chose the Kobi beef, which was the best decision of my life. I could not stop moaning, and indulging myself in this delicious meal. I didn't even focus on my date, I was so focused on the food.. it was absolutely ridiculous. Everyone must go here once, and indulge! Also ladies it's a great place to find men, this place is always busy!
4	After our disappointing BOA experience the day before we decided to go where we should've gone.Even if you don't want one, get a milkshake, you'll be so glad you did.We always get the American Kobe Burger ($17), we noticed the price went up since the last time we were in. We get them cooked medium, and choose our toppings which cost more, we usually just stick with cheese of some sort. Skinny fries are good, always crisp, never greasy. Of course I got a side of mayo to dip my fries. They do have fancy dipping sauces to try for an additional cost.  We went on a Saturday evening and or wait was about 20 minutes. The hostess was nice and the waitress did a good job, she was pleasant and helped us without problems even on such a busy night. Even cooler, we spotted Pete Rose enjoying himself here as well.
3	It's funny when someone hypes up a restaurant so much, that when you get there. You're not overly impressed. That might have been the situation here. I had the organic burger with mushrooms and swiss. Which is what I was feeling like at the moment. This burger was pretty juicy, I ordered it medium rare. Which, typically is how I like my burgers.Well done, and you're set to get a dry burger. I figured, I just had a kobe beef burger and a buffalo burger a little while ago. It was just an all right burger, nothing to go crazy for, or go back for. I was with 3 other people, and one had the buffalo sliders. Not one had agreed that they absolutely loved the place. I chose the sesame seed bun for my bread and zuch fries. Get the sweet potato fries, my sister had ordered them, and they were delicious. With a side of chipotle aioli. The perfect combination. The zucchini fries in itself were a little disappointing. Pretty much all breading, and no zucchini. In the sea of overpriced restaurants, this place is probably the most reasonable, unless you want to stuff your face at a buffet. The best place to sit, is in the super comfy booths. They have a little lcd tv. We watched the riot in Vancouver after the Canuck's lost.
3	The food, service, locattion = just ok.  After reading the reviews, I was expecting more.
5	I think I may have experienced the best burger of my life here!! I've been wanting to come back here since my last trip, it's that good. A lot of vegas restaurants are overrated, but this is a go-to spot. Make your burger how you like it, any 'ol way! Fried zucchini and Onion rings are also fantastic!
3	We went to the Burger Bar with a group of eight while celebrating my 25th birthday in Vegas.  My creation included chicken breast, jalapeno bacon, guacamole and chipotle aioli.  Oh my!  So delicious.  I love the idea of a customizable meal, though I find it entirely overwhelming.  I was pretty pleased with my choices, as was nearly every one else at the table.  My boyfriend was not a fan of his Kobe beef burger, hence the three star rating.  Burger Bar also has alcoholic milkshakes... a very adult twist on childhood bliss.  Highly recommended.  The highlight of the night was my "birthday burger" -- a doughnut cut in half and layered with a "patty" of cheesecake, strawberries and pineapple.  And a candle on top, of course!  Everyone enjoyed a bite and we were all cracking up observing the "Oh holy crap this tastes like heaven in my mouth" reaction that everyone was having.  It was pretty amazing.
4	my friends and i were absolutely ravenous after our 4 hour drive into vegas. our wait time was about 20 minutes and we were getting grumpier by the second due to the lack of food in our stomachs. also that overpowering scent from lush was nuts.food portions are enormous. you definitely get your bang for the buck but just be warned that you're paying for premium products and the fact that all of vegas is overpriced.i ordered the plain black angus with fat fries. my friend ordered the sliders and my other friend got the vegetarian patty. my burger was huge. and the fries were delicious. the meat was cooked perfectly medium and was bursting with flavor. the sliders each come with different topping which was a surprise, but a nice one. they have a long list of delicious beers as well.
4	I went here with a group of 20 friends and they were very accommodating. I guess at Vegas they are used to 20 drunken degenerates, so we were nothing out of the ordinary.The place is fun and good for groups, they have a wide selection of good beer and the burgers are gourmet burgers. The surf and turf was interesting; I didn't think I would enjoy a burger like that, but surprisingly, they pulled it off well. The onions rings were really great and so were the skinny fries.I felt the food was a bit overpriced, but overall, the potions were healthy and Mandalay Bay is a high end casino, so it was expected.
4	Good burgers but pricey.  For the prices, I expected something amazing.  I still enjoyed the Kobe beef burger.  but I have had better burgers for half the price.
3	Over the weekend, I really wanted to try this place. I have always loved a good burger. So instead of hitting up the beach, My friend and I decided to go to this place.The service was really good. Our waitress was very attentive to us. As much as I want to like this place, it's not even that great. I had the hubert keller's favorite burger which was like 22.00 bucks. The meat was really tender and the spinach and sauce made it taste better, but for 22 bucks, I was really expecting it to be like amazing, but the meat wasn't that flavorful to me. I was really disappointed in my burger. Maybe I just had too high of an expectation.My friend got the chicken breast burger, and it was a pretty good burger but for 15 bucks, I was kind of expecting the chicken to be more juicy and tender. My friend also said it's kind of plain so she took my sauce for my burger and put it on hers. The sweet potato fries were pretty good but it's the same everywhere else so it's nothing really special.I also brought back togo my friend an american classic burger and she said it wasn't even that great for 15 bucks.My friend liked her burger and her experience here, but as for me, I dont think I will ever be coming back here. I've had better burgers for the price of $5.
5	The original gourmet burger joint here in las Vegas.  I love it for ma y many reasons.  Just try it if your staying on the strip and you'll quickly learn why I give it 5 stars.
3	Great, burger place, nothing too extraordinary, good side sauces to try with the fries...
4	FOOD - 5 starsAMBIENCE - 3 stars (meh - boring/any old bar and grill feel)SERVICE - 3 stars (meh - passable/not bad enough to complain)This was our first time at Hubert Keller's Burger Bar.We selected:1) Chef's favorite burger with two changes: swapped out buffalo for Kobe beef; swap ciabatta for a soft whole wheat bun.  (Chef's favorite is buffalo with spinach, carmelized onions and blue cheese with a red wine and shallot reduction sauce on ciabatta) -  approx. $252) Build-Your-Own - Angus beef with green asparagus, oyster mushrooms, bacon and peppercorn cream sauce on a soft onion bun - approx. $173) Skinny (plain) fries - approx. $34) Glass of house merlot ($7) and glass of Red Diamond cabernet ($10)Both burgers were amazing.  They nailed medium rare on both.  We split them in half and shared.  We savored every bite.  We couldn't really decide which we liked better.  The flavor on the Chef's Favorite might've won by a hair, but the texture on the Build-Your-Own was much nicer than the texture on the other (the crisp bacon, al dente asparagus and earthy, slightly chewy oyster mushrooms were all a nice contrast to the tender burger and soft bun; the Chef's favorite was pretty much all soft, melt-in-your-mouth-no-teeth-necessary kind of mouthfeel.)Fries were good; not too greasy, not too salty.  We rarely ever finish an order of fries, but we ate all of these and dipped some in our burger sauces!House merlot was fabulous minus (boring, a bit watery, not fruity like a Merlot should be.)  Red Diamond cab was much better.  It's a $10-11 solid table wine you can find at Sam's Club.  Would've liked to see a little bit bigger selection on the wine list (there were only about 4 reds by the glass and 6-7 total.)  But I guess they want you to drink beer (extensive beer list by country.)Service was hit-and-miss with server forgetting about us twice for a long time.  Also, right after we sat down, she came by to take our order; we asked for a couple minutes, and when she returned she brought us a check.  She had already set it on the table and started to move on before she realized she had the wrong table.  That was a precursor on the service.  It wasn't horrible, it was just thoughtless.  Either she was distracted or tired or somewhat indifferent to her job (not sure which.)Ambience was also a disappointment.  I would've expected something unique or inventive.  Nada.  Take away the menu and the food and I could've been in any average burger place anywhere.  No hint I was in a top-tier chef's restaurant at Mandalay Bay.  Kinda noisy; too many little kids and crying babies for my thinking (we had a 10:30 PM dinner.)But for me, food is king, and the food was grand.  We were pleasantly surprised by the bill; under $65 before gratuity.  It was yummy enough that I actually thought, "I could come back here again...tomorrow."
4	I got a kobe beef patty.  I wasn't blown away.  Nonetheless, the meat had a good flavor - juicy, wholesome.  It didn't taste old or cheap or even worse, it didn't have a cow smell/taste which I've experienced at other gourmet burger places.
5	Best. Burgers. In Vegas. My favorite place to eat whilst staying in Vegas. The service, food and prices are just amazing. From the servers to the bus boy, personality is unparalleled. We go with the natural burger with wheat buns and sweet potato fries. I just love this place. We're sure to dine hear AT LEAST twice during our weekly stays in Vegas.
4	Another great experience...  Burgers, Beers & Service.Sat at the bar again, which was good since the cook was asleep at the wheel and NOT reading his tickets properly.  I think all of us had something missing from our burgers.  The waitress was very nice about it and was quick to correct the problem... more than once.It still tasted awesome and they've got THE best draught beer selection in Vegas!
4	Stay for a milkshake! We also had bloody marys and requested more blue cheese olives. The waitress gave us a glass full! Good place in the Mandalay.
4	Went here since I am a fan of Hubert Keller and had been hearing good feedback about Burger Bar. Came in expecting a good burger at $$$ prices. Boy was I pleasantly surprised!I ordered the American Kobe Beef burger with sprouts, avocado, and beet root pickle. I wish I had known that the burger itself already comes with lettuce, tomato, onion and pickle as I read the menu as all accompaniments must be ordered separately but I was very happy I got all the extras that I did. I would definitely recommend getting the beet root pickle. I loved it since I am both a fan of pickled things and beets. It really helped cut through the richness of the burger. I didn't notice a huge difference in my Kobe burger since as a whole it still tastes like a burger, albeit a darn good one. My table mates ordered the Buffalo burger (which was a bit more noticeable difference and very good) and the Hubert Keller burger (which again was yummy). I also vouch for the sweet potato fries as they are crispy, ketchup delivering perfection.For dessert the table split the Chocolate burger which came out beautifully presented. The chocolate "patty" was chocolate hazlenut between two donuts with strawberries, kiwis, mint and a passion fruit "cheese". It was a great ending and very unique.All in all, yes Burger Bar is expensive for a burger but I do believe that we paid for quality and craftsmanship and the portions were more than enough for everyone.
4	When in Vegas and staying at Mandalay Bay, we always come here for our burger needs.  Hubby loves his kobe beef burger and I just stick with something more simple, the angus burger.  Burgers come with the normal fixings of lettuce, tomatoe and onion, if you want to order any extras like bacon or cheese, there is a charge.  Burgers range anywhere between $10-60.  Damn, I can't imagine getting a burger for $60, but to each their own!  I get my angus burger on ciabatta bread and order bacon to be added. For drinks, try their Strawberry Mojito.  Yummy!  Nothing really special about the atmosphere of this place, but the burgers are to my liking.
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had. Being able to select the type of meat, bun and toppings, it came out exactly the way I wanted.The patties are extra thick and everything was very fresh. We had the fry sampler and I really liked the basil aioli.They have a big selection of milkshakes, some with alcohol. My husband had the Twinkie milkshake and said that whoever had created it was a genius. I guess that's a pretty good review!This place is expensive as far as burgers go (we spent $80 for two) but the quality is so good that we'll be back.
4	can you say FABULOUS?! So... being a fan of Mr. Keller, I was eager to try out the infamous BB...and boy was I glad we did! First off, I love that they let you create your own burger...pick your protein, your toppings, your bun, your sides... voila, it's all YOU! I picked an angus beef burger w/blue cheese, seared fois gras and carmelized onions. Needless to say I was in burger HEAVEN with one bite of this concoction! The fois gras was cooked perfectly and covered the patty so no little smear here folks! One little word of caution: we had ordered our patties medium rare but when a friend's came out first and she had medium, we realized that medium was medium rare to them so order one level up IMHO. We also had the trio of fries and fried zucchini... all very good and the dipping sauces were a lot of fun and tasty too!Definitely worth a destination visit folks....wish HK would open one of these in LA! :-)
5	I know I've said this before, but this really is the best burger I've ever had.  The Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay is Chef Hubert Keller's awesome restaurant and is supposed to be the original build your own burger.  I had the Kobe beef burger (cooked medium) with baby spinach, blue cheese, bacon, foie gras, and truffle sauce.  It was amazing (see pics).  The milkshakes (with alcohol) also looked incredible, but the burger and sweet potato fries were all I could handle.  The service was friendly and very helpful.  They have a full bar with delicious Bloody Marys, and a huge selection of beer.  There is nothing not to love about this restaurant...but bring your money.   Hamburgers at this restaurant can easily get into the $20-$40 range without much effort.  The price of the burger depends on the type of meat you choose and the toppings you add.  I'm embarrassed to say that my crazy burger cost slightly over $40, but I did go crazy when I ordered with absolutely no consideration for price.  I'd definitely go back and order the exact same thing or maybe try a different variation (aka get any type of meat burger topped with lobster).  Food-5 stars, Service-5 stars, Originality of bar drinks-5 stars, value-3 stars, burger joint ambiance-5 stars.
5	Had a turkey burger with pickles, mayo, mustard, and avocado....wow!The quality of the food is top notch. Service was average. But they try really hard to please you. Our server did not get when we needed her assistance and when we were fine. The family enjoyed it. We will return next vacation.
4	Exactly what I expected. Nothing more, nothing less. The donut burger thing was a fun little desert. I would definitely eat there again if I were at Mandalay Bay, and wanted a burger. I wouldn't go too far out of my way for this particular burger. There are a ton of places to get a great burger in Vegas. This place is definitely in the top five.
3	Its pretty easy these days to be a vegetarian or pescatarian and find something to eat at any restaurant, but with a name like Burger Bar, I admit I was a bit concerned.This is the only place I have ever seen a $60 burger on the menu and trust me friends, I did not order it since it goes against the dietary needs. However, if I did....I'm sure my taste buds would be smiling and my wallet empty from the foie gras and truffles it was prepared with. This burger read deliciousness straight from the menu.Moving onto my order:The Vegas Vegan...after all when in Vegas, why shouldn't my be named after the city and its sinful nature? This meatless monster sandwiched a large roasted  (Roma?) tomato and slice of eggplant between two grilled portobello mushroom tops, and was surrounded by a ring of grilled zucchini and squash. To top it off, add a pickle and a large serving of skinny fries. Is it so wrong I thought skinny meant low fat? But there was nothing "SKINNY" about these fries but their appearance and they were delicious. My meal was good nothing to complain about but nothing to rave about either.Good food and good service.
5	Bloody Mary. SOOOOO GOOD.Just don't eat the burgers if you're a burger lover because they aren't all that good. It didn't have taste.. Even with toppings. Had the sampler plate and it just didn't do it for me. IN-AND-OUT FTW.
5	We love going to the Burger Bar in the Mandalay Bay.  You build your own burger.  Pick your bun, meat, toppings and condiments.  I usually get the Angus beef with pepper jack cheese, grilled onions and mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, pickle, mayo, ketchup and mustard on a wheat bun.  Our favorites are: skinny fries, onion rings, sweet potato fries, the sliders and the chocolate or vanilla milkshakes - oh my!
4	Top 3 burgers you will ever eat. I'm not going 5 stars because I must go back and try the Jalapeno bacon and Kobe Beef. (yeah jalapeno bacon, i missed it on the menu, heard guy next to me order, DOH!) However, I chose the Hubert Keller burger which after reading description I had to try just because of the combination will soon be replicated in my kitchen:BuffaloSauteed Spinach Caramelized OnionsBlue CheeseOnion BunShallot and Red Wine Reduction SauceDamn good is all I can say. I sat at bar, bartender was very knowledgeable and pleasant. Service was great, atmosphere is hip but casual, come as you are and enjoy. Also, they have a $60 burger on the menu,I told myself that is too much for a burger, but then I kept coming back and reading it again and again and asking, is it? ? ? I barely could resist, I know I was going straight to a 3-card table and losing three times that amount after dinner, but I didn't pull the trigger...I have to find out why a burger costs $60? Truffles/Foi Gras/Kobe.... One day our paths will cross again.
5	This place is a bit pricey, but the food I got was really good!  I got a Kobe Beef burger with their fat fries.  They also have some good Pepperjack cheese poppers.  I've never been thrilled with the food in Las Vegas because I think too much of it is "fancy pants".  But this was pretty good, nice atmosphere as well.
3	Burger Bar has a great name.  Who doesn't enjoy a good beer to go along with a good burger?  They have the variety of toppings and selection of beer to deserve their name.  Yet I don't think their food deserves their prices.I had the Kobe Burger and topped it with japaleno bacon, carmelized onions, and got their black truffle sauce on the side.  With the price of my burger now above $20, I expected heaven on an onion bun.  When the food was brought out, my heart sank.  One of my burger pet peeves is when the bun is bigger than the patty.  If I'm paying this much for a burger, it's disappointing when 25% of the burger was all bun and no meat.  Perhaps the cost and size is offset by the quality of the beef?  After all, the menu states, "This American Kobe Beef from Snake River melts in your mouth, tender with an unmatched flavor, the most expensive beef in the world for the most discriminating palate."  Unfortunately I agree with only half of that.  It was a very tender burger; they're not too far off by saying it melts in your mouth.  But unmatched flavor?  When I was asked how the burger tasted, my only reply was, "It's really tender."  Sadly, the unmatched flavor was nowhere to be found.  I didn't use the truffle sauce at all for the first half; after that I was pouring that sauce all over in an effort to give the burger flavor.In the end I'm suspecting that is was an off day, since many people have enjoyed the Kobe burger during their visits.  But based on this first experience, I can't see myself coming back anytime soon.
4	Went here on vacation. I'm a big burger fan. This place was good! They had a great selection of beers! My bf was stoked about that :)Had great service. Our waitress was a twin of another waitress. It blew my boyfriends mind! It was hilarious!Had a great time!
4	Recommended by a Chef, we ate here 2 years ago.  That time was at night and the wait was long, so we sat at the bar and it was delicious! We recently ate here this past weekend on 7.29.11 for Lunch.  No wait for a party of 6.Service was prompt in the beginning, but once we ordered, it felt like they had to go to the fields to kill the meat.  Once the food came, we were happy.I had the Turkey burger with caramelized onions, swiss, button mushrooms, on an onion bun YUM!  My hubby had the buffalo burger with pepperjack, oyster mushrooms - also yummy!  Onion rings and fries were yummy.  Fried zucchini were okay.Now, the NUTELLA CHOCOLATE SHAKE was like a drinkable Italian Perugina Baci candy!  Order this as a dessert because it is REALLY rich! For sure, we're making this a regular for all Vegas trips.  Thanks Chef Hubert Keller for Burger Bar! One last tip, you can park in the Shops at Mandalay valet parking if you don't want to park in the main valet for casino/hotel.
4	Ate my first Kobe burger her in Nov. 2011.  VERY good and under $20!  Tender and awesome!
4	Burger Bar. This place is RIDICULOUS. The last time I went there I ordered the Kobe beef burger. That was hands down, the most delicious and juicy burger ever consumed by my mouth. Yes, it was expensive. It was about $16 but it was well worth the price of admission. The burger came with all the fixings as well as a giant portion of fries and a pickle quarter. The next time I stop at the Mandalay, I'm heading straight to the Bar.
4	i love this place. Good place to have a beer and a good burger. Not just typical burgers. this was my kids first bar experience. The quality and knowledge of the food was great. They have many burger choices. Being a picky eater this was perfect for me. My family loves this place out of all the fancy burger places in vegas
4	Whiskey Milkshake. I think that's probably all I have to say. This place can be pretty pricey, but the food is good and you get exactly what you want and know how the price builds from the start. The highlight of my experience was the milkshake. Holy heck, it was awesome and delicious. Our service was great. The waitress didn't bat an eye when we asked for 7 separate checks. They wait to be seated with a big group was super short and the general atmosphere was very layed back.
4	I made a big mistake when I tried to come here with a large group. If you have more than 4 people, find a way to ditch most of them, then run as fast as you can to Burger Bar.OK, full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian rating a burger place. Most people will think I don't know what I'm talking about. Fine, whatever. Since I don't eat meat, I have become very picky about my veggie burgers. Most places that serve them give you a frozen patty that was made in a factory somewhere and the waitress has no idea what it is. Blah... Burger Bar is NOT like that. They may emphasize the meat, but it was one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had. (Only one better is the black bean burger at Malibu Grill in Bloomington, Indiana).My dining companions enjoyed their meaty burgers, and they said their sweet potato fries were very tasty. I was in the mood for more exotic fare, so I got the zucchini fries. WOW!!! Freaking awesome! Gimme more!For dessert I had the nutella milkshake. Most people at the table were sharing and passing around desserts but not me. You will pry this shake from my cold dead fingers. It was perfection.
3	Just ohh kay... Black angus burger was tasty, but kinda on the smallish side. Didn't cover the whole bun.
5	The best BURGER in the world.  Yes, it is $10.00 more than a double double @ in-n-out, but the quality and the thickness of the beef is superb!  They cook their burger to PERFECTION, and you'll never find another place with this quality of beef. Not only is the beef perfect, but also their toppings.  You get to choose ANY topping you like on your burger.  I always get avocado with mozzarella and satuee portobello mushroom.  MMmmm, mummmm, mummm.  My stomach is growling just thinking about it.  On yeah, you also get to choose the type of bread you want around your burger.  I always choose ciabatta bread because it's mostly crust with little dough in side.  I'm weird, I always eat the outside of the bread, but not the inside.  Bottom line, if you're in Vegas, you gotta come here and try their burger.  I assure you with one bite, you'll be hook and will always have to come back here for another burger whenever you're in town!
3	So I went to Vegas to meet up with a buddy of mine for a weekend of craps.  We decided to head over to this joint on a Saturday afternoon after hearing so much about it.  First, I was somewhat disappointed at the selection of burgers.  For some reason I thought there would be more exotic meats like venison, or wild boar, or ostrich.  I ended up getting the Wagyu Burger.  While the burger was pretty good I'm not sure that ground Wagyu makes that much of a difference.  What really impressed me was the zucchini fries.  The seasoning on the breading was da bomb!  There was a large list of toppings for your burger but I honestly don't know that I wouldn't rather be at In N Out.
4	The Burger Bar is one of the best burger joints I have been to. They have a great selection of craft beers and I don't even have to go on about the burgers. I would love to say I have many of the burgers but the fact of the matter is whenever I have been there I say I am going to try something new but I can't get past the kobe burger or the bison burger. Plenty of fantastic toping and the burgers are always cooked to perfection. The service is always fast and extremely friendly.
4	This place was delicious.  There was a 20 minute wait and when our time came they offered us the table right in the opening of the place, you know, that table where everyone waiting to be seated stares at what you're eating.  No thanks, we said we'd take the next table.We ordered 2 custom burgers.  We also got a fry sampler with thin fries, macaroni and cheese croquettes and onion rings.  We had 5 dipping sauces to go along with it.  The "what seemed to be manager" took our order because the person who was suppose to be our waiter didn't seem on the ball.  The dipping sauces came out immediately, but the fry sampler which the manager said would come out first, well it came all at once with the burgers.  We didn't eat it all though since we were so into our burgers.Great place, but the service was lacking for the price we paid.
3	Loved the concept, but the execution failed.  Onion rings tasted like Ore-Ida frozen rings, burger was sloppy and wet, wife's sliders were served without explanation of which was which meat...just poor play.  Won't return.
3	OUTRAGEOUSLY PRICED!Had waygu beef, lamb burger, surf and turf and buffalo burgers. Split four ways. The lamb was my fav but seriously everything else made me feel really sick after. My best friend puked up everything too. So I don't know, maybe because we didn't order everything well done but still I don't think I'll come back.
3	It was just ok. Granted I didn't have a burger, I ordered the grilled shrimp salad. It would've been GREAT had the shrimp really been grilled instead of boiled.Sweet potato fries were good!I'll definitely try again if in the area.
3	I've been to Burger Bar a few times now and I am a fan. I couldn't decide between 3 or 4 stars but decided on 3 because there are so many other better options in Vegas. If you are in Mandalay Bay Border Grill is the best restaurant but Burger Bar is not a bad option. They have pretty much anything you can think of for your burger. Start out with beef, chicken, turkey, lamb, or many other types of meat. Add whatever cheese and toppings. Then you get to pick your bun from many options (pretzel, wheat, potato, etc). Once you have your burger you have the option for many different types of sides (fries, sweet potato fries, fried zucchini, etc). There are so many options you could get something different every time you come here, even though it is pretty much just burgers. I think they do have a few salads if there are people in your group that would prefer something other than a burger. The burger itself was very good. Very juicy and cooked perfectly. Service is a little slow, but not awful. It was slightly overpriced, but comparable for everything in Vegas. If I'm in the mood for a burger in Vegas I might return to Burger Bar
4	Every time I am at Mandalay Bay for a convention I ended up here for lunch. It isn't cheap, but it is consistent. The burgers are always good, not amazing, but the sides are really good. The fries, rings and fried pickles are always tasty.You can build you own burger basically, so the bill can added up if you do not watch. For a burger, fries and a soda it is usually around $20, so be prepared when you sit down. Considering that everyone else in town for a convention eats at Border Grill or Red, White and Blue it is worth the walk to Burger Bar because you can sit down right away usually.
5	So i came back and ordered a Nutella Milkshake. OMG!!!! I heart Burger Bar!!
4	I've been here a few more times than I would have liked...but it's all gravy cuz their burgers are really the bomb dot com. A past coworker of mine at the last last huge company I worked for always wanted to eat here, every effing night whenever he was in Vegas. We were always in LV for tradeshows (CES, Interop) for a good 8-12 days at a time so I guess a good burger, nice cold glass of beer and stellar service is key, especially when you're basically "living" in a town filled with AIDs spreading peeps and cancer-inducing gamblers. Ew!I've had their veggie burger and another burger off the menu that I really can't seem to remember at this moment. I remember the veggie burger being very juicy, the fries were mehhh and my beer was gettin me real nice and buzzed that first work night we were there for CES. :)We sat at the counter each time we ate there and the bartenders/servers are very friendly and efficient. They better be, cuz this place always seems packed with people!Would I return here? Hmmmm, if I was really craving a Kobe burger (which is like their most popular burger), then maybe I'll finally try one out. But there are TONS of other amazing dining spots in Vegas to try out and I do plan to attack at least 50% of all the great ones before I lose my teeth and I'm shufflin' around with a walker.
3	Had the build your own burger with the grass-fed beef and some gourmet toppings, and it was pretty good. Better than burgers at other restaurants, granted I don't usually order burgers when I go out to eat. They do actually have A LOT of gourmet toppings to choose from, which was nice. Also, the sweet potato fries were really good.The hubs had the sliders and said they were very good. They had a ton of craft beers to choose from, and I thought the prices for reasonable for a place on the strip. The place was packed, so we sat at the bar when two seats opened up, after waiting about 25 minutes for a table.I think I might have gotten food poisoning though, since I got violently ill after eating here. The hubs was fine. I can't remember, but I probably ordered my burger medium. Shoulda gone for well-done, I guess. The food was good enough for three stars when it went down, however, coming back up.... eh. I leave it at that.
5	Creme de la Creme of burger places!  I have been here several times, as well as the one in San Francisco... to start off, the Las Vegas location is far better than the San Francisco location...  The service here is always top notch, friendly and full of energy...but as great as the service is, that's not the reason I go there - the reason of course is the burgers!  Wagyu, Buffalo, Organic grass fed, Lamb, etc... these burgers are amazing!  Cooked the YOU like it, juicy, flavorful, fresh, delicious.  Your choice of buns and toppings ranging from jalapeno bacon to prosciutto, from fried egg to foie gras and everything in-between!  Try the pickled tomatoes for a tangy treat on the side!I was also introduced to dogfish head 90 minute IPA here, most excellent :)
3	We tried to check out Kilroy's - Food Network's Best Burger in Nevada, but found they don't offer burgers anymore (that doesn't speak well about Food Network selections, does it?).  So we tried this place instead, which is an arguable replacement, and it was convenient for us, with BB  being on the Strip and in Mandalay Bay.  So, I would say the buffalo burger I had (buffalo, baby spinach, carmelized onions, and bleu cheese on a ciabatta bun) was quite good, but really, is any burger $22.00 good for a 5/8 lb patty?  It's a popular place, but overall, I found it overpriced, and thus the 3 star rating.  We had a 45 minute wait at 9:30pm.  Wife had a Cobb salad.  Our vacation partner had three sliders for $13.50.  His wife had the Black Jack (monterey jack cheese) burger  at $13.55, and this looked to be the best valued burger anyway.  Good place to check out for the selections and novelty, but it's a one time visit sort of place.
2	2 stars, and that is being generous....First of all let me say that I'm shocked by all of the great reviews. This place doesn't hold a candle to East Coast burger places like Z Burger and 5 guys. Want an overprice burger that doesn't have much to offer, come here. Want to say after your meal, jeez I wish I would have just went through the drive through at McDonalds, come here. I came here with a friend and we both ordered 2 dressed up burgers with a side of fries and a coke, the price was close to $60. The burgers were overcooked when we asked for medium. The fries tasted like they had come out of a bag in the frozen food section and then been deep fat fried when they were put on our plates there was an excess amount of oil. The only part of the meal they excelled in was the cokes, but how hard is it to put together a fountain soda these days.Not coming back.....
5	If you are a burger person make the trip to eat here! It is on the expensive side for burgers, but everyone LOVED what they got. You get to pick your meat, toppings, bun and sauces so it is made just the way you want. We also go the sampler fry basket where you can pick three fry type sides of sweet potato fries, cheese sticks, Jalapeno cheese balls fried... Very good and they have an excellent selection of beers as well though they don't keep up the bottle list as they were out of the 120IPA by dogfish for my hubby...
2	A foodie friend we travel with found out about this place from somewhere and decided we all neded to give it a try.By far the worst service I have ever had on the strip, bar none.We waited 15 minuted for a table (not that big a deal) , however after we were seated it took 10 minutes for a waiter to wander over and take our order. We actually have to stop him from running off so we could order our sides.In his haste to get away from doing pretty much anything, he managed to get a couple of orders worng, but our group of friends are pretty laid back about it and didn't bother to mention it. It literally took 35 minutes for our food to get the the table and by then it had apparently been sitting because the fries were cold and the burgers lukewarm.The food itself was OK but forgettable with the exception of the Mint chocolate milkshake one of the group ordered, that was excellent.None of us were ever offered refills on our drinks, not even the guy drinking water, of course the waiter woud have had to come to the table to do that. Once the food was delivered we only saw him again when he dropped off the bill.I may try this place again, as I'm hoping I caught them on an off day, but reading the other reviews, it probably won't be anytime soon.
5	make sure you get THIS.rossini burger - sure it's $60 but you're in vegas!!! i know you're throwing $100 bills on the blackjack table like it's nothing. just splurge....because it's the greatest burger of all time.foie gras, truffles, and kobe beef? GAME OVER.and you know what else is game over? when you lose at pac man. hahaha worst joke of all time.
5	You wouldn't think that a place called "Burger Bar" would have anything a veggie can eat, but not so. They actually have a few great options, and not just salads. I always get the house made veggie burger, it is amazing! Not one of those frozen patties from Costco that everyone else serves. This is a patty with lentils, peas, mushrooms, rice, you name it. It is packed with flavor and since it's made fresh on premises, it falls apart pretty easy. It's also perfectly fine to get the same thing every time you go because they have so many different options for toppings and sauces that you never have to eat the same exact thing twice. I highly recommend their homemade Dijon or even the spicy Burger Bar ketchup. Their beer list is awesome, their onion rings are some of the best I've ever had. My son raves about the sliders and gets them every time. There are three in the order and each one is a little different. Not generally kid friendly, but they will make a grilled cheese for the little ones. TV's all over the place, there is even one in each booth, so you never have to miss a minute of the game you just bet on downstairs. :-) Highly recommend, this place is excellent!
2	Exactly as my rating states, it's just meh.I wouldn't mind going back and trying something else, but I did not like my burger, it was fine, but not for the price. A little suggestions on what ingredients to pair would've been nice. My black angus patty was crumbling all over the place and my entire burger fell to pieces. To top it off, the zucchini fries tasted and looked store bought :O( Better luck next time...
2	I've always wanted to try Hubert Keller's burger joint since I love eating at Fleur De Lys in SF. I ended up here with my buddies for lunch and I'd have to say my burger was a bit disappointing. Maybe it was the ciabatta bread with it but the burger was not juicy at all even though I ordered it medium. I'd come back again but only to try something else.
3	Two Words: Jalapeno Bacon!Inspiring and begging to be replicated. Otherwise, The Burger Bar makes a good standard burger. I was surprised they actually have barely any pre-concocted burgers, but actually base their menu on build-your-own burgers, which I didn't like. I want what the "house specialty" is, but wasn't impressed by their list of standbys. Also, by making all the toppings ala carte, you can really inflate your check. I ordered the organic beef burger, which after cooked to my preference of medium well it could have been from a Kroger beef log and I wouldn't have known. So, it wasn't amazing beef. After my losing streak downtown the night before, no Kobe for me! Like I mentioned, the highlight of the sandwich was the jalapeno bacon where they cure the bacon in pickled jalapeno juice according the the waitress. The fried egg was cooked over medium when it was stated over easy. Bummer. Ala carte Sweet potato fries can be passed on. When one of my table mates ordered cheese fries, they actually just melt 3 slices of cheese onto your fries and then charge you for each slice of cheese. Hilarious!!! Fat Tire on tap made the boys happy. Iced tea was fresh and refreshing!I liked the rock decor and rock themed wait staff. Our service was good. By Monday at 12:30 There was already a wait so, you know it's popular. I'd definitely be back if I'm down at the South end of the Strip or staying at Mandalay, but I'm not making a special trip out. I mean, it's just burgers.
4	By far the best burger I have ever had! I got the peppercorn burger with their skinny fries, and the fries are the only reason that this didn't get 5 stars. They were dry and flavorless. Thank god we got an order of onion rings to try, they were fantastic.My dining partner ordered the turkey burger with pesto and provolone and loved it.Full par, average prices on drinks and reasonable burger prices (for Vegas!)
2	I will keep this short...overrated.  I would go back to have a beer here before I would go back for a burger.  Susan's review with wheres the beef is on point...had black jack burger and found myself eating bread with no meat.  The bill made my experience even less palatable.
4	Yum yum. Had a great wedge salad followed by the slider platter with sweet potato fries. All made me happy. I dined alone so I sat at the bar watching big screen tv's. It was all good!
4	This place a really good. I had the wagyu burger with just caramelized onions. I like my burgers simple. The taste of the meat was great.. Very flavorful!  We also ordered the fried ZUCCHINIs... Good. Onion rings... This was good, too. Would I come back? Yes. Next time I would try the sweet potato fries.
4	Really well made burgers. Sure they're a little pricey, but for what they give you it's really good. As a matter of fact, for awhile this place was my favorite burger in all of vegas. However I found a better burger at bachi burger.
5	Bumped up to 5 Stars Because I had Impeccable Service and a Burger that made me wipe both sides of my mouth.. before taking a bite!!Sat at the bar: (for like 2 hours)Round 1: (Under Chef's Burgers with skinny fries) American Classic: "Black Angus beef, American cheese, crispy bacon, tomato, onion on sesame bun." Absolutely Delicious Angus, cooked right on my prefered medium well, bacon thin but not much fat and toppings fresh. Only thing that could use a slight improvement would be adding a slightly larger/taller Sesame Bun (because the patty isn't small, a little more bread would be a plus).. With that said, Its still was an Excellent Burger!! The fries were like McDonald's skinny but weren't as salty and had a plain potato fry flavor.. No complaints.  Round 2: American Kobe Beef Burger and fat fries: "This american kobe beef from Snake River melts in your mouth, tender with an unmatched flavor, the most expensive beef in the world for the most discriminating palate." Who in the right state of mind would read this on a menu and not want to order At Least One ??!!.. As much as I wanted to try the "Hubert Keller Burger" or add some truffle or foie gras toppings to this burger as I planned before I made this trip, I got sucked in their brilliant description of marketing genius of having this burger Alone! I ordered it plain (coooked medium plus) to indulge its full flavor without being bloody or burnt and without any support of sauces, toppings and even cheese. I've had kobe in the past but this particular kobe patty was AMAZING! It wasn't too rich or velvety but just had and an INCREDIBLY saturated Fatty & Buttery Flavor that was Beyond Comparison of any Angus Beef Burger I've ever had. Now, this isn't the type of burger I would eat on a regular basis like I would an Angus. Because I feel this is more of a Real Treat like Gourmet or having truffle, foie gras, uni, eggs nest.. Just my opinion. Nonetheless, Definitely one of the Best Burgers I've had in my life, Bar None! The fat fries had the same flavor as the skinny but I liked these better, I personally prefer fatter sliced fries and more undercooked than crispy. * I ordered the Beer Sampler (6) different Beers to choose from domestic/imported: I'll cut right to the chase - "Humboldt Brown Hemp Ale (USA)".. Your welcome =)Service was 10.0/10.0, I Felt Special. I must of exchanged words with 5 different staff members including the manager in regards to anything that I needed to make my dining experience any better and some interesting conversations that set a nice vibe.. Atmosphere was relaxed and live at the same time (sports games were playing and some indiviudals cheering, but not annoyingly loud). Both Burgers were Memorable and absolutely worth every penny. *For those of you that felt their burgers were mediocre at most, Please advise me of a Burger that you obviously feel that's More Worthy.
5	What a find! My boyfriend did some research and found this place to surprise me. I am so glad he did. The burgers were delicious and the mint chocolate shake was perfection. And the service was phenomenal. Our waiter was very attentive and made sure our group had a fantastic experience.I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves a good burger. Go and enjoy!
2	How does a place go from a 5 star favorite to a 2 star disaster you might ask? It's surprisingly easy...1) Unresponsive absent servers who forget your order, ignore your table, fail to properly input your order, forget to place your drink order, and forget to place your dessert order....oh and this all happened in one vist. 2) Over fry your Onion Rings what were heavenly delights of fried onion goodness on my last visit were over fried disasters on this one. I doubt my server had the wherewithal to observe this and since we were already behind due to the poor service we didn't bother to send them back. 3) Undercook and present the burger as a pile of meat bread and toppings thrown on a plate. My last visit the attention to detail and execution of the delivery was flawless this time around it was a mess. I have had burgers at 5 guys with more care and attention paid to the preparation.  In one service the place that had the best burger I ever ate and made me a believer ruined my evening and disappointed me at unprecedented levels. On the upside the server comped my shake and apologized for all the mix ups but I was still really disappointed in my return to burger bar.
4	Ok so with a name like Burger Bar, this was right up our alley. We stayed at Mandalay Bay & read about it so we wanted to try it. Apparently the new big thing is "spiked milkshakes" (which I am totally ok with). Burger Bar has them. I had the mint chocolate chip one. It was delicious...minus the chocolate whipped cream they had on top. I could have done without that. Each booth along the wall had little television screens in them. We are Phillies fans & we sat in a booth that luckily had it on. I ordered a turkey burger with cheddar. It was a little dry but it was ok. I was full from the milkshake so there was no way I would have finished the burger even if it wasn't dry. All & all we were impressed. 2 burgers, a spiked shake, a beer, & fries all for $50 tip included.
5	Trendy place with wonderful burgers.  Kobe burger is extremely tasty.  Many of the servers (2 identical twins) have been there since first opened.  Good service.  Lots of great toppings. Try the salmon with lobster topping.  A must try in Vegas.
5	Rare Angus Burger on Onion bread with Blue Cheese! Intense flavor! by far, best burger ever. better than Umami, better than 25 degrees..
5	The Burger Bar is my kind of place. The burgers I've ordered have always been fantastic! It's like you assemble your fantasy burger and the'll prepare it to your exact specificatins. As burgers go, they are on top of their game! The real reason to go however are the beers. A wonderful variety of beers on tap (most I have fund in Vegas anyway) and an impressive selection of bottles from around the world! So in other words it's a great place to drink exotic beers that happen to have some fantasic burgers. I got a bacon cheeseburger with grilled pineapple, guacamole, and chipotle. Creamy, crunchy, sweet and spicy...  grade A goodness.
5	When i come to Vegas i make to stop by here, the Burgers are delicious!! Give it a try you will not be disappointed.
4	We went here mainly out of convenience, we stayed at THEhotel. Awesome burgers and very customizable to fit your needs. I liked that when we ordered medium done, they made sure it was just that, perfectly pink in the middle. Despite our large party of 11, our food came out in good time and there were absolutely no mistakes. Their fries and sweet potato fries were good. I'm reading the reviews and I wish I had gotten a milkshake or a beer to go with my meal now. That definitely would have been a good end to the already great meal.
3	Yummy food. Good Service.Custom burgers: greatFat Fries: goodZucchini Fries: great, and good portion.Kind of a pricey lunch, but great place to try out.
2	Great concept for a restaurant, but very disappointing Mr. Keller! Any time you use the main item in the name it better be good.  Both my husband and I felt the food was dry and over cooked. The  buffalo had great flavor but it was ruined by pairing it with a dry bun.  The fries, onion rings and mozzarella sticks were all over cooked. One thing they did get right about this restaurant is their aioli. It is probably the best I've had.
4	I'm happy to report both the food and the staff at this restaurant are both still great.The menu has changed slightly with different beef choices, an Angus and a Waygu instead of American Kobe.  Stuck with the standard Angus which was delicious.Discovered they have picked green tomatoes as a side which were fantastic.  Got an order of the Burger Bar Ketchup which was fantastic as well.Nutella shake was very rich and tasty, but I think I could make a decent reproduction at home and save myself $8 and change.  (I mostly tried it to see what it tasted like so I could recreate it at home)Our waitress was excellent and always made sure our drinks were filled.
5	This is by far the BEST burger I've ever had.  I had their rossini burger, which is the burger with foie gras and black truffles.  $60 for a burger but let me tell you; it is worth it to the very last bite.  If you're skeptical about trying this - you NEED to go. The wait can be long - we had to wait 40 mins and they don't take reservations; but once you're seated, the food comes out fast and the staff are friendly. Will def go again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	This place was my first foray in to "fancy" burgers in Vegas.I decided to go all out with the Kobe burger with fried egg, bacon, cheese, and a lobster tail.The burger tasted exactly how you would expect a Kobe burger with fried egg, bacon, cheese, and a lobster tail would taste....delicious!This place has dim lighting and a bit of a pub feel to it.  The beer selection is good and i guess you can probably call this a Gastropub.  The second time i got the buffalo burger with bleu cheese which was also quite good.  I tried some of my wife's kobe burger with foie gras and that was pretty tasty too.I'd definitely recommend this place if you are looking to try a 20-30+ dollar burger.   :)
3	I'd like to think of myself as a burger connoisseur of sorts as I've eaten the best and worst burgers throughout the country. Burger bar falls in the middle, there's absolutely nothing special about this burger. It didn't make my mouth water, it didn't leave me counting down to the next visit, but it didn't leave me needing some water to wash the taste out of my mouth either.The best thing about the place was the fries. I had the fat fries and they were delicious...maybe they should consider a name change to Fry Bar? They have fat fries, skinny fries, and sweet potato fries. My mom had the sweet potato fries and she said they were average, but loved my fat fries.The best thing about the burger was it's size. It's a pretty thick burger. The worst thing about it, was that it was dry. I ordered my burger medium rare, I expect to see at least a little blood, there was none.The service gets 2 stars. I went on a Sunday for lunch, probably my first mistake being a local and fighting the masses of hungover zombie looking folks. The wait was 30 minutes, not what I was looking for, but by the time I would've gone elsewhere, the 30 minutes would've been up. I ended up getting a seat in the bar about 10 minutes into my wait. It took an additional 10 minutes for the bartender standing directly in front of me to take my drink order. Another 10 for him to bring me my rootbeer, and then when my burger came, there was nothing on it! No cheese, not lettuce, no pickle, no tomato...all of which says comes on it, except the cheese, which I ordered as an add on. My mom's veggie burger was cold.I will not be back to this place
5	When my boyfriend told me he wanted to eat a $60 burger, I thought he had lost his mind. Who would pay that much for a burger? Well, after having it, we would, that's who. This burger is decadent. So decadent, that I would suggest splitting it. We sat at the bar. Ordered a beer on tap, ordered a side of fries and the $60 burger split. The place was casual, fun and we genuinely had a good time eating that burger and hanging out at this restaurant. If your in LV, then your probably thinking your going to spend some money anyway. If you like meat, and your not opposed to spending your money on a really expensive burger, I say this is a must try. Enjoy!
4	This is one of my favorite burger places!  I discovered it on my first trip to Vegas and always look forward to coming again.  I love all the choices and have yet to have a burger that I didn't love.  I am also a fan of the boozy milkshakes.  On my last visit I decided to shake things up a bit and order cheese sticks instead of my normal fried zucchini and was slightly disappointed.  They were no better than TGI Fridays or Red Robin.  Next time I will just stick to the zucchini.  It's a bit of a pricey meal, but I figure that's the price you pay for eating on the Strip.
2	Bad service makes you look much harder at the whole package. The low stars are for the service mostly. I went on a Sunday, and I guess my server was too busy to pay attention to me. I was left thirsty. I had to wave her down to get a second beer, and that was after my glass was left empty for almost 10 burger-bites.The Google search placed this restaurant first, but it's midrange at best. The burger was cooked to order even though the bacon was caramelized. The food was alright, but the price of the beer was too high for its high service price. I left with a bad taste in my mouth, burger onion (not the beer).
4	I just ate the most expensive but the best burger ever in my life. $60 burger sounds crazy but it is totally worth it. You can taste each layer of ingredient of the burger. Foie gras, truffle, kobe beef are the best combination for burger. Fried zucchini and sweet potato fries are really good. My wife had Blackjack burger and it's very good.  Highly recommended.
3	The service wasn't that great.  The food made up for it though.I had the vegetarian burger which I have to say was quite strange.  I have been a vegetarian for 6 years now and have had many a veggie burger.  This was was very very mush.  Think the texture of a rice casserole on a bun.  I finally had to take it out the ciabatta bun to finish it because the texture was freaking me out.  It was very tasty though... loved the many ingredients and thought it was cool that the veggie burger was made with pumpkin puree.I got blue cheese, button mushrooms and asparagus as toppings.  The asparagus was the PERFECT  burger topping.  The blue cheese was big chunks and the perfect amount.  I would skip the mushrooms next time.  Just nothing to write home about.The skinny fries didn't look like much were DELICIOUS!!The nutella milkshake was so unbelievably amazing.  You must splurge and have one!!My husband had their signature buffallo burger and really enjoyed it.  It looked fabulous.I was suprised by the ambiance.   I was expecting a counter service type place.  But this is a sit down, darker bar atmosphere.  I also hated how you had to walk down a long hallway and then out of the restaurant to get to the bathroom.  Go before you come.  ;)
4	I want to give the place five stars but I can not, being that I didnt eat a burger here and I found a hair in my cesar salad when i was finished eating it...The service was great, my friend ordered her burger and asked for no pickle, so I asked the server if i could have her pickle and she said sure, and brought me like four more pickles!! That was awesome, cuz that meal I was totally feeling veges not meat... The cesar salad was pretty good too, I like their croutons, two thinly crisp slices of bread!! way better than blocks of croutons!! Next time in Vegas I want to definitely try their burgers, the vege burger looked pretty good and so did the kobe beef one....
3	Energetic atmosphere, service is okay but not great, the fries are nice and crispy & delicious, but my surf & turf burger was definitely not great.  Interesting combination to put asparagus, lobster, and a [perfectly cooked but underseasoned] burger together on a nice soft bun but how you can charge $25 for a burger and not even include a condiment is beyond me.  You have bottles of ketchup, mustard, and A-1 in front of you - which one of these would go well with a surf & turf burger?  None.  This thing was dying for a nice aioli or something which would have made it less dry and a whole lot more tasty.  Alas, no luck - and from a French chef no less where you would expect aioli to be readily available for the fries and everything.The restaurant is crazy busy but has 2 long bar seating areas as well as quite a few tables.  They do a great business and the vibe is good, I'll try to return at some point but it just annoys me when restaurants take good food and ruin it by forgetting about the little things like seasoning and in this case condiments.  Maybe the other burgers are better, presumably that's the case unless everyone is there just based on the hype.  In Vegas, it could be either one.
1	Other then the milkshakes, there is nothing about Burger Bar that would make me want to go back.  Service was pathetic, we waited 15 mins just to get drinks and place our order. The food was nothing special. Aside from a variety of toppings to choose from, I've had better burgers from Five Guys. Even worse then the experience we had at lunch, my husband got sick and spent the remainder of the day and night running back and forth to the bathroom to rid himself of his lunch.Save your money and go elsewhere.
5	So good I ate there twice on my last Vegas visit!  The burgers are excellent and the adult shakes are killer.  Not the easiest to get to location, but worth it once there.
3	Good burger and amazing sweet potato fries.  Good service, but my only complaint is they keep the music pretty loud in there so if you wanna chat with whoever you bring you really have to pay attention lol.  Food and service is good though ... not an amazing burger by any means, but good.
3	Good burgers and Bloody Mary's.I had a buffalo burger cooked to perfection. The boyfriend had a spicy lamb burger that was really unique - the seasonings were complex and went well with the lamb. The fries were ordinary - we should have tried the sweet potato version.
5	Burger Bar I wish you weren't so far....from me! :)Well in actuality I am glad cus I would be 400lbs if there was a burger bar in the Bay Area.  I have been coming here for years and am a loyal customer.  Mandalay Bay is not a centralized location for where I like to stay on the strip but I make a point to come here every trip.  I like it that much.There are a few tricks to this place though.  You get to pick your burger meat and I honestly think when a reviewer chooses the wrong meat, they feel like this place isn't good.  The trick is that you only need to order the Angus beef burger.  If you get the vegetarian fed beef selection you are simply not going to get that fatty, juicy flavor a burger needs!  Come on people, if you were in the Donner party, would you have selected the skinny person or the fat guy to eat?....lol  The fat is what makes a burger juicy and delicious.  Also, a burger is really only supposed to be cooked medium at the most.  If you really want a juicy burger, anything else will dry it out.I love the fat fries but my friend swears by the skinny ones.  Maybe I am just prejudice against anything skinny, i dunno :)I read a review on here about the Nutella milkshake.....OMG!  That was a freaking awesome choice.  I almost couldn't finish that and the meal.  It is almost too much....Notice I said ALMOST?  That's right, I kicked it into FAT GUY gear and took it all down baby!
4	I'm a huge fan of Chef Hubert Keller, so to get a chance to try some of his food while in Vegas meant a must stop here.The place is ascetically pleasing. Dark wood, open feel and a very modern take on a bar. The service was amazing. Beers were ordered quickly and shortly after so was our meal. I decided to try the sliders with three different kinds of meat. Buffalo, American Kobe, and Angus. All were great and flavorful. It was great as I really didn't think I'd be able to tell the difference from one to another, but they had subtle flavors that allowed me to do so. I chose naked burgers because I really wanted to taste the meat.The sweet potato fries were tasty and the regular ones were too. One of my friends got a Peanut Butter milkshake that was amazing. Wow!It's Vegas, so remember things cost a bit more, but if you want a great burger, at a nice location with friendly service, this is the place.
5	Unlike most of the places I review on this blog, Burger Bar is a place I can write a review on based strictly on memory. Still, given the opportunity a few days ago to stop in there for lunch I didn't hesitate. Besides, I didn't have any quality pictures to post until that point.  Because I've been here so many times I was almost nervous that I would give this restaurant preferential treatment, but since I've been taking a way more analytical approach to my burgers lately I found that Burger Bar wasn't quite the perfection I remembered it.  But it was still close.Located in the elusive Mandalay Place shopping area connecting Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, Burger Bar is placed amongst overly expensive clothing stores, men's shaving boutiques and some other more touristy shops of late. The restaurant has been there for quite a few years now and is maybe looking slightly dated, but it's still a good atmosphere. It's very open pretty much anywhere you sit, even in the booths, so don't go there if you're looking for a decent amount of privacy. Also if you're going on the weekend, or even potentially during a weekday lunch, expect a wait or try the bar.Other than a small selection of slightly overpriced burgers, the menu is pretty much do-it-yourself. You have your choice of meats; Angus, country natural, Kobe and buffalo, along with chicken, salmon turkey and veggie if you're into that sort of thing. While the Kobe is totally delicious, I find it to be a bit expensive and have been completely happy ordering the Angus. But more on that shortly. Once you've chosen your meats, you have a very long list of choices for veggies, cheeses, meats, sauces and plenty of other fancy things. I've had quite a few different burgers over the years, and all of the toppings have been great.For this particular meal I went with the Angus, Swiss cheese, and mushrooms on a sesame bun. Fairly simple, but that's fine because the meat always stands out as a great flavor on its own. One of the biggest things I can say about this restaurant is that however you order your burger it will always come out that way. Consistency is key, and they never disappoint. I ordered medium-rare, and it's as pink as it could be. And like I said, the meat really has great flavor, so whether you have a ton of toppings or almost none, you're guaranteed a great burger. After eating a lot of others around town lately, I could say that this burger might be lacking a bit of seasoning now, almost as if the burger is outdated like the restaurant. Still it is fantastic and won't disappoint.The various buns I have had are always good, no matter which one you get there seems to be a proper meat to bun ratio. The mushrooms were flavorful, and just the right amount. My cheese was melted as always, the lettuce and tomato on the plate were also very fresh. I haven't always been a fan of pickles in the past, but they're growing on me with all these burger meals so now it's a welcome sight on my plate.The fries are the one slight weak spot in this meal; my skinny fries were just ok, a bit too generic for such a fancy menu. The sweet potato fries have been really good in the past, especially with some ranch, although it's been a while since I've had them. I'm not always a fan of fat fries, but they're a little better here so you might want to try them when visiting.My burger, fries and drink came to almost $19; I would consider that a bit on the high side if it wasn't in a very touristy spot on the strip. I'm not always too happy about spending that much on a burger meal anywhere, but compared to Bradley Ogden or even BLT this is a huge value for the same price. This place is still one of my favorite choices in town based on the burger alone, so do yourself a favor and check it out.
3	I was a tad disappointed with this burger bar. With Hubert Keller i had high hopes. I had watched him on PBS make the vegeterian burger and decided to go for it with the skinny fries. It was A-OK burger nothing that made me swoon. Husband ordered the Keller special again not spectacular, what was good were the steak fries, fresh and delicious. Maybe my expectations were very high, the burgers didnt pack the punch i expected.
2	Don't bother with this place.  You will pay a pretty penny for a subpar burger.  I had the Kobe burger with cheddar. Sweet potato fries. And a nutella milkshake.  The burger was overcooked which always bothers me, as the meat loses its flavor when it is burnt.  I like Kobe burgers and this one tasted like nothing more than a middle of the road restaurant burger.  The sweet potato fries were nothing to write home about either.  Just a note, I got my burger on a ciabatta bun and I would not recommend this, as it was too dry and really took away from the burger.   Chef veggie burger with buttermilk zucchini fries was also pretty blah as far as the burger is concerned, but the zucchini fries were pretty good, these I would recommend.  All in all I would not recommend this place nor come back to it.
4	We went here for a quick bite after walking around for 4 hours.  The waitress was super sweet and always checking on us.  She was so friendly with the kids, they loved her!!  Each booth has a tv and the game was on so my kids were distracted ( a good thing!)  Great price.  $50 to feed 3 adults and 2 kids in Vegas is practically highway robbery.  The burgers were so good!  I would recommend this place to anyone with kids for a casual lunch.
4	Pretty good... Kinda overpriced for what you get.... if you're gonna charge that much at least make it look pretty!
3	We ate here before watching the Lion King show. Let's just say I wasn't impressed. The reviews raved about the food and I was expecting more, I wasn't dissatisfied just disappointed. The place is small, like a dive bar and not what I expected.  I ordered the salmon burger with skinny fries. The fries were crispy and tasty but I have had better salmon burgers at Fuddruckers! I guess I expected since we were in Vegas (where things are bigger and usually better) the salmon burger would blow me away. That it did not, it kind of tasted like it had been frozen for awhile and didn't even taste like seafood. I expected more fishy, I like my salmon tasting like fish at least even though it's a burger. The bf got a regular old hamburger which he was not impressed by either. He said he has definitely had better and by the end of our meal I wished we would've saved our dinner to go somewhere else at the Mandalay Bay. We did end our meal with a strawberry banana shake which was yummy and I would return to get a shake but definitely not coming back to eat a burger.
3	Food was great. My husband and I split the house salad and the barbecue burger. He ordered medium and we got well done. He was upset....I was happy. Kids meal was two sliders my son enjoyed it and after a bite to inspect quality wink wink it was also a winner in my book. Great ice tea too. Service was random and slow. We had two servers during our meal. The second one totally forgot us and left us hanging once our food arrived. I would go back and give it another try when we return to Vegas because the house salad was so good.  Everyone has an off day right?Three stars because of the mixed up order and less than great service.
5	THE BEST BURGER IN VEGAS!  I love this place, been going for years & when Vegas gets hectic I go here to get takeout.  I always get either to Kobe or the Buffalo burger, I recommend the Buffalo above everything else on the menu!  Sweet potato fries are good & all of the shakes are really good.  For dessert you have to try the Cheescake Burger but if they're serving the Chocolate Burger & you need some chocolate, you'll overdose on this one, the chocolate gnache portion is fantastic.  The more you add the pricer to your burger the pricer it gets but there are so many toppings to choose from that I change it up every time I go.Tip for takeout, you can only order takeout when you're at the restaurant, not over the phone.  Yet the 20 minute wait for the food rather than the 60 minute wait for a table on a Sat night is perfect.  Plus there's a ton of shops in Mandalay Place so it helps the wait go a little faster.
5	Love this place!! Such yummy burgers. I got the Kobe Burger with Swiss cheese and avocado. The meat was so tender and juicy. The bun was fluffy and fresh with sesame seeds. The size of the burger was also really big. The sweet potato fires were crispy on the outside and savory on the inside. Overall it was an amazing meal. As for the service it was just as amazing. I sat at the bar and the bartender was so friendly and helpful. I was asked and offered many different types of sauces/ condiments.The prices were also very reasonable for a gourmet burger with Kobe beef. If you love burgers, you have to try this place. I would totally come back again!!
4	Excellent burgers and a great atmosphere. Fries and onion rings are excellent, be sure to get the sampler of different dips, you won't regret it.
4	I got the Samon Burger, which was delicious.  You can build your own burger and choose your topping and sides.  The burgers are really big and feeling.  The only thing that I didn't care for was the steak fries.  The service was really good as well and we got seated fast.
1	The food was bland and the service was slow.  My Mom ordered a shrimp salad, and it had a ridiculous amount of lettuce in it.  The burger was undercooked and had no flavor at all.  I was not impressed, expecially for the prices.
5	Great burger great fries and a nice shake.   This is by far the best burger I have had outside of Ray's Tavern in Reading Michigan.
2	Not impressed.  For $20 I was expecting an awesome, mouth-watering, pure burger bliss experience.  However, that was not the case.  My burger was decent and the only thing that was good there was the spicy ketchup (but I'm not sure if it was worth paying an extra $1 for it... I can mix tabasco with my ketchup for free).  Anyway, I tried their "American Classic" which consists of an angus burger on sesame bun with lettuce, onion, and tomato.  You can have the burger cooked the way you like and it comes with a side of "skinny fries".  No ladies... that does not mean less calorie like the "Skinny Girl" drinks.  What "skinny fries" mean here is slender looking fries (like McDonald's).  What was pretty awesome was how they let you do a mixture of fries and sweet potato fries.  Overall, not a place I would ever recommend anyone visiting. I would rather tell you to take that $20, place a $15 bet on a blackjack table and use the other $5 to get yourself a burger from McDonald's.
2	I love a good burger, I prefer a burger over a steak anyday. Ive had some fantastic burgers in my day, but to me this place is average. Its located inside of Mandalay Bay. Its also pretty expensive, you get charged for everything, tomatoes, sauce whatever. I got the kobe and by husband had buffalo. The service was spotty, I saw the waitress once, she got our order wrong and just brought out what had been forgotten on a plate.I got the zucchini fries which were average, the cheesecake factory has this place beat by a long shot. The bill for 2 burgers, water, and zucchini fries was $55.
5	Love, love, love this place. The Rossini is the best burger I've ever had (I'm not going to moan about price because it's Las Vegas and this place doesn't exactly have a dollar menu).  The sweet potato fries are great and, of course, you need to top it all off with a chocolate shake - think about calories, fat grams, and cost after your trip is over.
5	STILL AWESOME!!!We had a 20 minute wait on a Saturday night at 7pm... but we figured that into our plan, so it wasn't a big deal.  They have a huge menu and the Huber Keller Burger is amazing, but didn't really need the extra fried egg on top.  I like that they have an open kitchen... no one can spit in your food!  I noticed the long bar would be a good place for dining solo.  Only drawback is that it's a trek to the bathroom... but awesome food and a great time with our friends in the booth.  We liked trying all he different varieties of fries... my favorites were the sweet potato & zucchini fries.I will be back to Burger Bar every time I go to Vegas!Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
4	First, it was hard to tell how much the food prices were going to be but they were cheaper than I thought.  We went mid afternoon so had to trouble be seating almost right away in a booth.  The waitress promptly came to get our drink orders and then the food order.  I decided to get the turkey burger on whole wheat for $8.75 and a side order of onion rings for $3.45.  There are 6 choices of buns to choose from.  The burger came with lettuce, tomato, onions and a pickle and I added a little bit of ketchup.  I found it to be a little on the dry side but not too bad.  The onion rings were delicious and reminded me of the A&W ones.  You got quite a bit in a cylinder container.  Was a great meal and if you're into sports, each booth has a tv with the subtitles turned on.
4	Burger Bar has a four star average out of over 1100 reviews and it's well deserved.  Don't let their generic, non-descript name make you blow them off.They have a series of pretension-free specialty burgers and gourmet milkshakes. I've got to say that their Irish Coffee Milkshake is the best shake I've ever had. It was worth the trip to Vegas. It is made up of vanilla ice-cream, coffee beans, Irish Whiskey, whipped cream, and caramel. I want another one right now as I'm typing this review from my hotel room. I bet it was better than the one Uma Thurman and John Travolta had in "Pulp Fiction". This one cost more than 'five dollahs' though (it was $11.00). I ordered the Peppercorn Burger which came with skinny fries (that's what they call them.) The burger was everything it had to be but the fries were like the frozen kind that you can find in a grocery store.The servers were prompt, attentive, and friendly and always made sure our water glasses were overflowing. Maybe a little too attentive with the water. If we make it there again, I'm bringing a sponge with me.I wonder if they can FedEx a milkshake...
1	I would like to preface my review by saying that I have no bad things to say about the food.  We opted for the lamb burger and were perfectly happy with the outcome.The service, on the other hand, was inexcusably bad.  The bartender was inattentive, impatient, rude and did not listen to us at all.  Worse yet, the manager supported this kind of behavior and had no sympathy whatsoever for what they were choosing to call a "miscommunication".  We waited almost 45 minutes for a burger which we later found out was never even put in because the bartender was not listening.  After calmly inquiring after our burger, we were told that we never ordered one, but that it would be put in on the fast track.  Apparently the fast track meant we would have to wait yet another 30 something minutes for a medium rare burger.  Under the circumstances, I'm not sure if the burger was even good or if we were just starving.
5	After a long flight from Chicago to Vegas that got me in at around 10PM local time, my friend recommended we immediately make our way to the Burger Bar inbetween Luxor and Mandalay Bay as he heard good things about their milkshakes. Though skeptical, I have to say I was intrigued by the prospects of a good milkshake and a burger. Little did I know that not only were these milkshakes everything he had built them up to be but the burgers were incredible as well. Good texture, perfectly cooked and highly recommend a side of sweet potato fries - which are also amazing. And you'd be doing yourself a huge disservice by just doing the burger without the milkshake. The Black White Milkshake may well be he world's perfect dessert. Chocolate mousse whipped cream with chocolate chips and fudge swimming in vanilla ice cream? Are you kidding me? We went back the night before I left just so I could have another for the road! Nice atmosphere and good service both at the tables and the bar.
4	Yum!  We had a very good salad, burger, fries, and dessert at Burger Bar.We ended up sharing a few things so we could try a number of dishes.  We shared a half Caesar Salad (the menu didn't offer half-portions, but our server let us know). It was pretty boring, but after a weekend of carbs and meat, we were pretty excited about a bit of lettuce. For the burger, we shared an Angus Burger ($9.50) on a Sesame Bun with Pepper Jack Cheese ($.95), Caramelized Onion ($.95), and Jalapeno Bacon ($1.55).  They had so many toppings it was very hard to decide (and easy to wind up with a $17 burger if you weren't careful!)  The bacon was awesome and we loved the onions. They had some chef special burgers that came with skinny fries, but ours was just the burger, so we added an order of Zucchini Fries.  For dessert (and the bit that threw me from 3-stars to 4) was the Sweet Cheesecake Burger. It was a glazed donut sliced in half like a hamburger bun (so cute!) with a cheesecake 'burger' and toppings of strawberries and pineapple. It was so awesome and I was so sad that I had already promised half of it to Mr R.  Overall, it was a good lunch spot and a great burger.
5	The harsh recent reviews on this place are amazing to me.  I've been coming here 3 yrs or so now and feel obligated to post.  The food is always consistently good.  The waitresses seem sometimes like they have too many tables but are friendly.  I've never eaten at the bar here.Price- When you're on the strip keep in mind that EVERYTHING is pricey!!!  If you don't like it head off the strip!!!  Actually, relative to other offerings on the strip and considering portion size, this place is actually a good deal (for the strip).  I live in Vegas and took my Mom here a few days ago so i'll post from her perspective.  Mum- Sliders - Raved about them rest of the day.Brother - Angus Burger.  He loved it, said it was the best lunch he's had in a long time.We shared the Nutella  shake and the sweet potato fries.  We all agreed the shake was the best we've ever had (i'm not a big sweet guy but this was the bomb).I no longer eat red meat and had the Turkey burger which wasn't bad as well :)In summary, don't avoid this place because people say it's over-priced.  It isn't for the strip, and I go out of my way as a local to eat here.  People I bring here think it's great and I have friends in town that have had their birthdays here.Comparing it to fast food or saying fast food is better makes me LOL
4	The wife and I took the kid here forChristmas day lunch. They have beef, buffalo, lamb, chicken, and vegetarian. If you want to splurge they have a $60 burger made from Kobe Wagyu beef and foie grais with shaved truffles. Sounds amazing but it would take a lot for me to pay $60 for a burger. Wife and I had the beef, which was good. Then we ordered the sauce sampler. Mind you this a Hubert Keller restaurant so you know it's going to be good. There were 5 sauces that were all amazing. They are great for the burgers as well as a dip for fries. What really topped off the meal was the buttermilk onion rings. They were flavorful and delicious. They worked well with all the sauces plus the housemade ranch. Go and enjoy!!!
3	I first heard about this place when I saw Hubert Keller on PBS. Was in Vegas and decided to seek the BB out. Perhaps my expectations were too high but I was not terribly impressed. My wife's salmon burger was very good but the Angus burger lacked sufficient seasoning. The french fry dipping sauce arrangement was the star of the show (very good). Our son's burger plate was adequate (definately salmonella free).
3	Ugh, Las Vegas. It was hate at first sight. No really, I could go on and on about the trashy crowds, the trash, the smoky casinos (not my scene!), etc. but at least a good find was to be had in terms of a quick, casual dinner on our one-night stopover. Not taken with the idea of eating at one of Las Vegas' famous, extravagant buffets, we decided to wander around the Mandalay Place shopping mall behind Mandalay Bay to see what we could find. Burger Bar was far-and-away the least crowded and most casual looking, so there we went. The menu offers your average burger assortment including some interesting toppings, and a solid cocktail list. I went for a dry martini (I needed it) and my friend had a boozy milkshake which she enjoyed. Our burgers were prepared quickly and everything seemed fresh and on-point. The toppings were flavorful (I had caramelized onions and gruyere cheese), and service was prompt and friendly. Burger Bar really was terrific and a great find for a quick meal.
3	My "medium" Kobe beef burger was well done.  Service was slow.  Onion rings batter was too thick. Disappointed with Hubert.
3	I ordered the sliders, three small burgers each with a different meat.When they arrived no one told me which was which do I flagged down someone else to ask. Not a huge problem, but thats something the food runner should have shared.The taste was good, not great, and the third was cold by the time I got to it. They were also overlooked and a dry, didn't finish them.The beer list was a multi-page tomb, some fantastic beers in there. But the list of what was on tap wasn't there, for some reason that was on the back of the food menu.The experience wasn't awful but I doubt I'll be back.
3	I am all for the Nutella Milkshake!!! Honestly, I probably would never eat here if it wasn't for the Nutella milkshake and I kept talking about it all weekend that we ended up going there twice~Service was good on both visits but the hostess won't sit anyone until the whole party arrives so that was a tad annoying. I tried:Nutella Milkshake - amazing!!! The nutella was prominent and it was plain addictive. Pretty huge for one person, best to share since nutella is quite sweetStrawberry Banana Shake - pretty darn tasty, surprisingly light for a shake and not overly sweetCookie dough Shake - Not my favourite, had chunks of cookie dough with most of it blended in. Just like a light chocolate doughy shakeLamb Burger - Well seasoned, a little gamey with a nice kick from the spices. Not bad but not my favourite.Salmon Burger - Amazing. The salmon fillet came looking like a patty (round) which was a tad alarming BUT it was just cut that way. Fresh and cooked a little rare in the middle, which was fine for us. I had it with a side of aioli n on a potato bun (both were delish). Zucchini fries were disappointing though.Definitely be back since they open late, so we were able to go for a quick snack & nutella fix~
3	Visit #2 - Just a snack this time...The Burger Bar has great milkshakes with lots of whipped cream on top. My wife and I tried their Sliders appetizer and I recommend this for a smaller meal.The Buffalo slider with caramelized onions was decent, though nothing to write home about. The Angus slider with bacon was pretty good. The standard beef slider with pickle, mustard and cheese was the best of the lot.Prices are standard for Vegas and the service was above average, especially since it was busy and we were sitting at the end of the bar.
4	Kobe beef burger is really good.  One of my favorites here in Vegas.  If you are on this end of the strip and want a good burger, I def. would eat here. I like Burger Brasserie in Paris too, but this place wins because of the awesomeness of the Kobe burger!
3	They have slow service and the food is just okay. Only thing special is that they have many unique burger toppings, but it's not worth it for the money they charge.
5	I can easily say this is best burger and shake place I have ever ate...Please do yourself a favor if find yourself here... eat the buffalo burger! Wow just heaven! It literally melts in your mouth. The meat is so tender, juicy and out of this world furthermore there shake will leave you in nirvana. Last time I was there I had the pink monkey...Good times!It is my vegas tradition to go here at least once and its usual the first place I want to eat at.
5	Knowledge bartender on beer  who offered great choices to go with our meal.  The burgers were perfectly cooked and tasted great.  I would love to go there again!
3	I travel extensively, and prior to my last trip, this was my favorite burger place in any city. My last experience, however, was not up to par. The Kobe beef burger was very dry, and more bland than I remember. I actually went back a second time that weekend, hoping it was just a bad burger. Sadly, it was not just one bad burger, it was two in a row. All in all, the staff is nice, the place is very clean, and the overall experience was not bad. But, for the money, I don't think you are getting the quality you used to at the Burger Bar. My hunt for a new #1 burger begins again.
3	A large group of us ate here after the Michael Jackson show.Food was great, had the buffalo burger and added my toppings on. Fries were great.Shakes were yummy and creamy as well.My only complaint was the service. But, the Tv's they had on the side of the booth made it ok to wait.Check it out if you are looking for a casual dinner place in Vegas.
3	The french fry sauces were the best thing here.  I ended up getting sliders to try three types of burgers and none of them stood out.  The sauce sampler is worth the try.  A decent place for lunch if your at Mandalay Bay and need a bite.
4	I loved this place.  I ate here on a whim and even though it was a year ago last November 2010 I remember the food.  Of course I had a burger, Angus to be exact which was very flavorful however the best was what my companion ordered a Buffalo Burger.  SO good.  Even though we where so full my companion insisted on order a dessert burger.  One with Nutella in the center.  This was the best donut I ever had in my life.  In between a glazed donut, holds a wonderful fudge like patty with cuts of strawberries, kiwis, and a gelled version of starfruit.  Top this off with a drizzled raspberry sauce and a little whip cream.  To Die for!  I will return and have another.Only complain was there service is slow.
1	Burger Bar is appropriately located in the shopping mall at Mandalay Bay because that's pretty much the caliber of food you will get here. After a long wait, my burger was overcooked and lacked any sort of flavor. I wouldn't recommend it.
2	Thumbs down!  Low quality overpriced food.  Can't say much about the service everybody else got but my waitress disappeared every 15 minutes.  Total time wasted from beginning to end of my meal for two people was 70 minutes.  Too long for a burger and chicken sandwich.  Nothing special here.  Will not return.
3	Good burgers with a lot of options (and i mean a LOT) but really pricey.
4	Good food and beer, great joint.
4	A $60 burger looks so tempting when someone else is paying.  But how can I spend that...I am too analytical.  That is like $5 per bit.  Regardless, you can spend less then that and enjoy a great burger.  I had the Kobe beef with bacon, jalps, oyster mushrooms, and Swiss.  The burger was cooked perfectly, and the mushrooms were bursting with flavor and the drinks were strong.Personally, I like my burger joints to be filled with a more undesirable crowd, but for a high end place, this is okay in my book.
4	The challenge with this Bar is what to have. Of course a burger right. Yes of course, you have to. No brainer, done deal. But they have a wide, wide choice, and then if you visit during the non-cocktail hours, there is the innocent Milkshake. Good grief these things are like crack (at least I'm assuming). I have to say the burger I had was probably top 20 for me, but the Milkshake was top 5 all the way. I'm a guy, I don't do fancy, girly, Milkshakes, it's just not right.  Except in Vegas. The coast was clear, and oh did I indulge. The perfect meal for the late afternoon, after the night before.
4	Had the Lamb burger and skinny fries, the draft sampler and the Nutella Milkshake.  Great food.  Great service.  A bit expensive, but what do you expect for a restaurant located in a Vegas casino, right?
5	Thank You Hubert,As a former employee of Chef Keller I still eat here all the time.  Friendly service, great burgers and great beer selection.   My favorite, ridgefield farms angus with foie, blue cheese and oyster mushrooms on ciabatta.  Forget in and out burger, Burger Bar all the way!
4	Ok Burger Bar this is how I feel about you. When we first met You wowed my friends and I with juicy, tender, tasty kobe burgers.You had all the right toppings with great fries to accompany it. I thought this was the best burger I have ever tasted....and it was to date. I have fond memories of arriving in vegas and running straight over to see you again. We would talk about you when we couldn't have you. You even have a great bar right next door which has amazing bloody marry's.But burger bar... I'm sorry to say I have met another burger place that has blown my mind in southern California. You are good but nothing compares to the "Back Abbey".  I had great experiences with you but I'm gonna have to move on. I'm sure you will make many other people happy.
4	Great place for a burger.  Lots of toppings to create your burger and I love the fact that they have thick fries as well to choose from to order along with the burger.A little pricy, but figured that cause its on the strip, but highly worth it.  Also, the service was so so.  Waitress took a while to get me new beers.
4	Great burger!! There were many options as far as meat, bun, cheese, toppings, and sauces. Loved it!! It was a very causal bar setting. There was a mini tv screen in the booth which was cool. Our waitress was very nice and cool throughout our time there.I ordered the kobe burger (australian wagyu $17) with cheddar cheese and button mushrooms and a sesame bun (cheese and toppings are at an additional cost. ) Also a side of sweet potato fries. The burger was great. I ordered it a medium well and they couldn't have made it more perfect. My only complaint is I like my burgers a little on the greasy side and there was virtually no grease in my burger at all but I'd imagine that is a good thing for most normal people!! Sweet potato fries were really really addicting!!! For the price and the quality of meat, I thought it was a good deal!! I would definitely go back!!
5	We were fortunate enough to score two seats at the bar on a busy Monday night at the Burger Bar.  After getting a recommendation for this place from my Boss, the Hubs and I decided to give it a whirl during our recent getaway to Vegas.  The place was packed and there was an hour and a half wait... that tells you all you need to know. Not only is the food great, but the service we received from the bartenders was amazing.For appetizer we shared the pepper jack cheese shots, which were basically fried cheese balls.  As one would guess, they were fabulous.  The only thing that would have made them better was some kind of sauce, but they were gone so fast there wasn't any time to get some!  For our entree, we shared the buffalo burger with blue cheese.  FABULOUS!  Having never tried buffalo before, we decided to be adventurous and give it a go... so glad we did.  It was moist and flavorful and the au jus it was served with was the perfect touch.  The fries, which it came with were really good as well.  We were offered dessert, but passed, however my Husband made a comment about the beer floats (thought it was intriguing) and the bartender proceeded to give us a free small sample.  It was soooo... good... raspberry beer with vanilla ice cream - it rocks!The Burger Bar is a fun, happening place, which serves a mean burger that lives up to the popularity.  My Husband is STILL talking about his meal and that beer float.  I think we will be back for sure!
5	Hands down the best burger I have ever had.  You can select a burger from the menu or build your own, with extensive choices of bread, type of beef (or chicken-- but you're at a place called Burger Bar...order beef), cheeses, veggies, sauces, and side (the sweet potato fries are awesome).  I had the Nature Source beef (100% vegetarian fed) medium rare and it could have walked off the plate.  I'm drooling just thinking about it.Perfect place for a casual dinner with friends.
5	Yup, the Burger Bar located in the Mandalay Bay in Vegas was awesome.  Build your own burger any way you like, all kinds of toppings including a fried egg, 8 different cheeses, 5 different buns, 4 kinds of bacon, skinny fries, fat fries, sweet potato fries, 5-beer samplers at the bar, great atmosphere and more!You can check out the menu here...http://www.usmenuguide.com/burgerbarmenu.htm
3	My boyfriend was recommend this place as the place to go for burgers; especially, since they had a $60 burger that was worth the price. I was excited! I'm a carnivore myself and  what carnivore wouldn't love a burger late at night? He ordered his $60 burger and I tried another burger. Needless to say, I was disappointed with my burger...The ground beef had several little pieces of nerves in it, yuck, I could not enjoy my burger. I took a bite out of the $60 burger and so worth the price. We ended up telling the waitress about my burger, she apologized and explained that the ground beef was made fresh daily and it tends to happen. I do not know if that's a good or bad thing?! Fresh ground beef but with little pieces of nerves, hmmmm?! We did get 50% off my burger but I would have rather paid full price for a delicious burger I would have enjoyed to the last bite. Oh well, I might give this place another try next time I'm in town but that's a big might. The ambiance was cool, casual, they had a bar, and tvs. The night we we went it was pretty empty for a Saturday night in Vegas, weird. But give it a shot and you might just like it!
3	Average. Average. Average. The All-American Burger was allright but the Nutella Milkshake I ordered tasted nothing like Nutella. It was not bad but I was disappointed for the most part.
5	SOOO GOOD!!  I loved it!!  Juicy, flavorful burger!! I would eat there all the time if I could. Next time I will split a burger with the fiance so we can try the chocolate burger! !
3	Snagged a booth in the back - with a table added on to fit the eight of us.  FYI - with 8 people, consider the 18% gratuity built in and the service guaranteed to not be stellar... ah shucks.Had the peppercorn burger, which was cooked correctly (+), came with a tasty peppery sauce (+), and sweet potato fries (extra $, but still great).  The highlight of the meal was the mint chocolate chips milkshake.  Liquor and chocolate blended into drinkable heavenly sips.
4	This place was pricey ($22 for a buffalo burger), but damn, was my burger slamming. I think it was called the Herbert Keller burger (or some other old white guy name) and it was a massive, tender and juicy treat (pause). The meat was flavorful, the ciabatta bun was a perfect complement, and the the grilled onions tasted like they'd been scooped out of the best french onion soup. Add to this the spinach and bleu cheese that had melded together, and you have the recipe for bliss.The salmon burger was also good, sizable and a healthy alternative to a regular beef burger. Unfortunately, the delicious fries and onion rings probably offset any health value to be found in this meal.Still, this place impressed me, as burger places can often disappoint, and I'd probably give it five stars if it weren't for the high prices.Oh, and I should remark that the beer selection here was enviable. Great selection of international bottles, plus Fat Tire on draft. Fat Tire, son.
5	Burger bar never disappoints. While some may see it is a bit on the pricy side for a burger this place has it all. Where else can you get a lobster put on your burger, or have so many different choices. The burgers here are prepaired perfectly. I like my burgers plain and cooked well done. I decided to go with the Kobe burger on a seaseme seed bun with Cheese. My burger was cooked perfectly. It was well done but not dry. Every bite was super tender and the bun was nice and fresh. The burger was large yet fit on the bun. The service was good as well. The burger here just can't be beat. Still my favorite burger I have had. The fat fries I got with my burger were fresh and not over salted. This is the place to go for burgers, will not dissappoint.
4	It's all about the Kobe Burger!!!  You won't want another angus beef burger again!!!! The kobe beef is way more tender than angus beef. My friend got the angus beef and you can totally tell the difference.  I topped my burger with grilled onions, pepper jack cheese and mushrooms. I love this place. It's a little wait but it's totally worth it. Loved the Nutella shake too. =)
3	These burgers are nothing special unless you are willing to fork up way too much money for a burger.  I assume that the more expensive burgers are probably pretty good, but even the basic burger at a burger place should be decent, right? However, the cheapest burgers here were kind of dry and flavorless without lots of ketchup and toppings. I suppose that's Vegas for you, eh?The sweet potato fries are pretty good, and the variety of toppings available is impressive.  The sad news is that each one is something like another dollar. Fail.
4	Very reliable. We're eating carb free so substituted salads for fries and they were very good. This is not gourmet food , just good fare at a reasonable price. If you're a beer drinker you will love all the choices. I prefer wine and the selection is limited but acceptable. March 2012
5	Great place near Mandalay's casino. The burgers are really good. I got the burger medium on ciabatta with an egg and jalapeno bacon. Super delicious! The onion rings were also really good - cooked perfectly. I love the customized burger and am craving to go back!
4	My friends both got the $17 Kobe burger and wolfed it down promptly. They just flew in to Vegas and were starving, whereas two others and I were full since we ate at The Buffet [in Encore] a few hours beforehand.I ordered the Fried Zucchini to share with a friend. It was reallyyyyy good. The breading was delicious (I think it was Panko) and the zucchini was soft and super hot underneath.They have a pretty good selection of beers on top including a couple of Chocolate Stouts. I just ordered a Guiness though :( It wasn't poured correctly so that's a minus.
5	When we come to Vegas we always make it a point to come and visit the Burga Bar.  Awesome mini burgers. Wonderful fires. YUMMY
2	Well, I guess I'll be the first to give a not-so-great review. I so love Hubert Keller from all the cooking shows (and actually, I rode in an elevator at Mandalay with him- but couldn't get the nerve up to say anything! DOH!). I had high expectations, and felt so let down.We sat at the bar, as the booths and tables were all full. The service was friendly. We ordered the strawberry mojitos to start. They were not good. They tasted like cherry 7-UP and the strawberries were so big they clogged the straw- so you couldn't get a sip without scooting your straw around and trying to dislodge the strawberry. We ordered the mix of 3 fried things and 5 sauces to share, and I ordered the veggie burger. I found it a bit daunting to choose from all the little extras for the burger. I did try a couple, and, in the end, my veggie burger ended up costing around 15 bucks (with no fries...those we had to pay extra for).We chose the mozz sticks, sweet potato fries, and regular french fries for our combo. For sauces, we chose the spicy ketchup, the tartar sauce, the cinnamon sauce, the chipotle aioli....and I can't remember the other one. They weren't horrible, but none of them were special. Again, it's Hubert Keller's restaurant, so I figured the sauces would be sublime. The fries were also so disappointing! Just basic, frozen fries. The sweet potato fries were great with the cinnamon sauce, and I usually don't care for sweet anything. They were the highlight.My veggie burger sucked. For one, it was huge. Hotel rooms in Vegas typically don't have microwaves, so there is no way to reheat left-overs. I don't understand why Vegas restaurants serve such ridiculous portions when you cannot enjoy left-overs! More than half of my veggie burger was thrown away.The burger was also mushy and tasteless. I ordered some of the cool sounding add-ons, but couldn't taste them at all. The beet relish came in a little ramekin and had no flavor whatsoever. My sister and her friend liked their meat burgers, so maybe it's just the veggie burger. If I ever try the place again, I'll try the vegan sandwich (with the roasted veggies) on ciabatta.
2	I think anyone who gives this ore than 3 stars must never have had a decent burger in their life. You  can't tell me with a straight face that the burgers here are better than Five Guys, In-N-Out, etc...Sorry, they just aren't.The decor is nice and there are TV's everywhere, including at every booth. That's a plus. The staff and hostess were very nice and I thought they did a good job.But the food lacks. The $16 Kobe beef burger is bogus. There was no difference between that burger and the $9 angus burger my friend had.We had the skinny fries and sweet potato fries. Nothing special. Period.With 2 sodas, tax and tip, $55. NEVER AGAIN.
1	I was really waiting to eat here, due to the extensive burger menu.We had a party of eight and they told us it was a forty minute wait. An hour fifteen minutes later we we're finally seated.Sitting at our table we were given our menus but never introduced to our server. Twenty minutes passed as we were passed about eight times by various servers, but never acknowledged. Luckily, one person in our party called the hostess desk and told them we did not have a server. Within minutes, the manager came by apologizing and finally giving us a waitress. We were even offered a free round of drinks.The dissatisfaction in my face and stomach was not repairable. Food was ordered and still wasn't happy. I blame the service solely on the manager. If the manager was on top of the staff this would never happen. The apology of miscommunication is inexcuseable. If the table is assigned to you, you should attend to your table. Burger bar, you got my money today but never again. No matter what city, country, or planet you are established in!
3	I was hesitant to even give this place 3 stars, I only did because they had a great beer selection. $90 for lunch with 2 burgers, 1 fry and 3 beers. Maybe some of the worst money I've ever spent. The burgers were just ok, nothing spectacular. My boyfriend's Kobe Beef burger had chunks of tendons or something in it. The bartenders were attentive but not personable. I wouldn't return, or suggest this place to anyone. BLT Burger was so much better, just a few hotels down the strip.
5	My husband and I had lunch here and it was amazing! Service was great, the bloody marys are good and the food was delicious! It is one of our Vegas favorites!
5	Best Burger in Vegas!!!!Thanks god there is a burger paradise in Vegas!!!!!at least this Place is always Great. Great Service.
5	Very good burgers been here at least 6 times would recommend trying it once.
4	I would give this place 4.5 stars if I could.Burger Bar is a really cool set up and a nice change up when it comes to upscale burger joints-you build your own burger, starting with meat, then going bun and toppings (of which there are a lot)I went for a kobe burger with some cheese on a ciabatta bun-a burger you can't find much elsewhere, and man oh man was it good. The kobe beef was melt in your mouth perfect, and the bun was delicious.Our server was great too, as were the hostesses. You can't make reservations here, but you can call 15 minutes ahead to get on the list (which isn't a bad idea)I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	At first, I was very excited to try this place after seeing their menu online, but I was wary of trying it after reading some of the reviews on Yelp. The BF really wanted to try it, so we decided to give it a go. Yet again, he beat me with food choices (how does this always happen to me?!?!). We both built burgers with the naturesource patties. He got bacon, pineapple, cheddar, and spicy ketchup. He was very happy with his choice. I, however, was kind of disappointed with mine. I got caramelized onions, the red wine reduction sauce, and cheddar. The sauce, which I thought would be amazing because it was supposed to be like a 'signature' sauce and it cost like 3$ was totally bland! I was counting on it for a lot of flavor, and it totally disappointed. The burger was fine, but nothing special. We also split some sweet potato fries, which were good, but, for 30+ dollars,I wouldn't come back here again.
4	Great burger.  Slow service late night.  Was crowded.  I ate here around 8 or 9 years ago and it's still good now.  The burger is cooked perfectly.
4	The burgers are beautifully made and full of flavor. The waitress was helpful and the orders came out promptly.  The price was a little high, but its Vegas! I'm still thinking about the juicy hamburger in my hands. Delicious.There's a Chef Special burger called "Wagyu".  One day, when I think $60 for a hamburger is super affordable, I will indulge. I ordered: $17.99- Wagyu Burger:Wagyu meat is a high quality beef used in burgers.  It is comparable to Kobe beef in that Kobe Beef is from a Wagyu cattle but it is raised in special conditions.  My google-ling taught me that Wagyu cattle "produces a higher percentage of oleaginous, unsaturated fat than any other breed of cattle known in the world".  Anyways, I got a Medium Wagyu Burger and it was juicy, tender, flavorful, and simply delicious.  Maybe I should have added some grilled onions or avocado to intensify the flavors, but I like plain. Overall: Everyone in my party was in deep love with their hamburgers! Delicious!
4	what can i say--best burgers ever(especially if you get double foie gras on it). come here every time i'm in vegas
5	I have been to burger bar a few times and I have to say the place is trendy and fun.  They have a good selection of beer and service makes all the difference; my bartender Patrick was very friendly and knowledgeable about everything also made me feel less like a tourist and more like I was at home, very comfortable, Thanks Pat!  I will be returning again!  The Burgers are freakin amazing !!!!  Great quality and consistency
5	Chef's burger?  Delicious.Sweet potato fries with cinnamon honey something?  Sweet 'n tasty.Deep fried mac & cheese?  The undergrad in me was drooling.Hazelnut nutella milkshake?  I will take 8 lactaids because you cannot keep me away from it!I haven't had a milkshake in ages (stupid lactose intolerance).  But this was worth popping one of those chalky white pills every few sips.  I am looking up the address in San Francisco because I am not waiting until the next time I'm in Vegas for the sweet or savory goodness that is Burger Bar.I hear there's one in St. Louis too.(Oh, and I have a little crush on Hubert Keller.  Shhhh - don't tell.)
5	I just had dinner but thinking of Burger Bar just makes my mouth melt. The burgers are amazing and you can customize them yourself. The beer selection would make any beer snob happy.If you don't like beer, they have Nutella milkshakes! Yummy! The two times that I've come here has been with bigger groups. The wait for this place is long but worth it. We usually end up window shopping in the area and come back. Because of the size, it's not really the best place for large groups but it's still worth it. PS Finding the restroom is a journey but it's pretty cool because they have a bunch of cool picture of Keller in the hallways. Oh, and they sell the coolest Hubert Keller shirt.
4	I know this sounds a bit unbelievable, but until recently it has been rather difficult to find a good craft beer bar in Las Vegas.  Burger Bar was one of the first, and still one of the best.  Great menu offering options for nearly anyone's tastes.  From a classic burger, to a lamb burger, to Herbert Keller's favorite with ground buffalo, caramelized onions, blue cheese, and baby spinach its hard to go wrong.  Build your own burger with an impressive number of choices.  Not sure I ever remember seeing sprouts as a burger topping option, much less pan seared foie gras.  The one that hit it out of the park for me - a fried egg.  If you have never tried it, do so!  Absolutely delicious.  Multiple fry options, fantastic shakes, and even a take on a dessert burger.  Who does this?  Obviously one place that lives up to their name - Burger Bar!One fail - the fries.  I was surprised at how fantastic my burger was, but the fries were just not up to the same par.  Not cold, but not as hot as they should be. Sitting at the bar, I turned to look at the far end of the restaurant and watched the kitchen window.  Fries are made, stacked in absorbent recycled bowls and sit in the window until served.   10+ minutes is too long for fries to sit.  My one and only complaint, and loss of a perfect score.
4	Great place for a burger!  All kinds of different meat or veggie to choose from!  Love the large variety of toppings.  I got asparagus on my burger!  They also have adult milkshakes!
4	We sat at the bar to wait for a booth and I ordered a salted caramel martini. I love salted caramel anything, but this was a little much for first thing in my tummy for the day. I did love the sugared/salted rim. Yum.We sat down and I ordered a Killian's and my husband got a Chimay Blue. For lunch, I ordered the Wagyu burger, medium, with aioli, fried egg, and pepper jack. My husband got the Prime Choice burger, MW, with sliced cucumbers, dijon, spicy ketchup, and cheddar.  We also ordered the fried pepper jack shotz, sweet potato fries and fried zucchini.It took only about 15 minutes to get our food. The zucchini fries were freaking AMAZING. Wow, they were good. The fried cheese was so yummy - nice and spicy and we loved the sweet potato fries too.  I put some aioli on my bun, took a bite and the damn fried egg yolk exploded down the front of my shirt. I'[d ordered the egg  over medium, so that surprised me (and dismayed me too). When I looked at the burger, it was dripping blood and was almost all pink/red, so that was definitely NOT medium. The waitress came over and was very nice about sending it back. She gave me some club soda for my shirt. My husband really enjoyed his burger. Mine came back perfect medium and I pierced the yolk this time. Live and learn. It was super good. Very tender, flavorful and just delicious. I really wish we had one of these in Austin!!We didn't have any room for a milkshake, but the ones I saw going by looked very yummy.
3	This place is not disgusting, but its definitely disappointing for the price.  The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars and not 2 is because our server was super sweet and attentive.  My hubby spent the whole meal commenting on how her and another server looked quite similar, turns out they were twins.Anyways,  I had the Angus w/swiss, mushrooms, and carmelized onions.  It was fine, but was far from the best burger I've ever had.  I also had the fat fries and a Carmel Latte (I think that's what it's called) shake.  They were both like 3.5 stars, but the value was terrible.  For the price it should have been spectacular.  Disappointed again by a celebrity chef.
4	Great gourmet burger place. Service was great. Food was fantastic. Only problem, for me personally, is the pricing. It's kind of over priced. If you dont mind paying a higher price for burgers, its a great place to go.
5	I think I've started a new Vegas tradition! I ordered the Hubert Keller Burger with buffalo and it did not disappoint on presentation, flavor, or savory goodness! I agree that the fries aren't all that great, but try switching them out for sweet potato or zucchini for made-to-order goodness. There was an excellent selection of craft beers I had trouble deciding but ultimately went with the Sin City lager which was smooth & tasty. The waitress was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. I was too stuffed after my meal to try any desserts but I need to sample that Beer Float next time and have my eye on that Kobe beef burger as well. Check it out, you won't regret the 'experience' and for vegetarians there are veggie options too.
3	Um....not the best burger I've ever had, not even by a long shot.  I know it's popular, but my experience was not particularly life changing.  It could be that I was trying to be "healthy" and ordered a salmon burger.  It's pricey, and for me, it was simply okay.  I don't think I'll go back anytime soon, unless it's free or there's a super good discount.On the upside, the service was good.
5	Get the Rossini. Don't look back. Best burger ever. It comes with a dessert burger that is also amazing. Their fries are great too, especially with the truffle oil.
5	Loves it! Ate here twice during a 5 night stay at Mandalay Bay. First time they were packed but offered seating at the milkshake bar - where we received amazing service.  The burgers are delicious and the service is awesome! Well worth the money!
4	Very good burger. One of the best. They got 4 of 5 stars because of price. It's a little pricey for my taste. But it's worth it.
2	After seeing the commercial over and over on the Vegas/"default" channel in our room, we took a pit stop here towards the end of our stay.  Y'all know I'm a burger junkie, so I had to try theirs.  I was a little disappointed... I ordered the Hubert Keller Burger (his "favorite choice") - and ummm, it was ALRIGHT. I saw the description: Buffalo, caramelized onions, baby spinach, blue cheese, I'm thinking - WINNER! Fell short!  The buffalo lacked the gamey flavor I like about the meat. It tasted like the Angus burger my boyfriend ordered, but with a higher price tag!I must say the Buttermilk Zucchini Fries were pretty damn good! It almost tasted like a mozzarella stick because the zucchini has a melty, gooey consistency inside.  That was probably the highlight of our meal.For it being Vegas, I thought everything would be up a notch.  Maybe I should go to the Burger Bar here in San Francisco and compare...??....
2	Went back here recently and the Wagyu Burger was dry and tasteless.  For those who've ever tried real kobe or even faux-kobe know that there's a certain texture and richness of taste that comes with kobe beef!  They could have called this any special name but at the end of the day it was a bad burger...The first time, I just enjoyed the ambiance and the food was okay.  This time, both the service, the food and the ambiance were sub-par.Not the worst burger, but definitely not worth the prices they charge...
4	Heard about the hype here so we figured we'd give it a try. A little pricey, but based on Vegas standards, nothing out of the ordinary. There were many options for burgers and I went with a grass fed, hormone free one. Burger was cooked just right and very tasty. Could have been a bit bigger, but then again I'll never say there's too much meat. I'll also comment on how good the onion rings were. It's always about the batter and how crisp, not greasy they taste. I'll grow a little acne on my face, but I don't want to be able to fry and egg on it.It's impressive that locals like this place and comment on it. I haven't tried too many burgers in Vegas, so it's hard for me to compare it. I'm glad I can say I ate here. Service was decent and a place I could recommend.
5	This place has delicious burgers!! I hadthe low carb specialty burger and was extremely satisfied!  So juicy and flavorful, he really hit the target here.  The prices were reasonable for Vegas, and I would definitely return!
2	I've had better.  This place is just average.  The service was slow, the order was wrong.  The burgers are small and leave much to be desired;  and lacked flavor.  I have been to several Burger places around the country and this doesnt do it.  Burger and Beer Joint and Shake Shack in Miami are much better and better value.
5	Best burgers in Vegas hands down. Always fresh ingredients and prefect bun meat ratio. Been here about a dozen times  and burgers have been cooked prefect and sides are hot (I luv the zucchini fries). Service has always been decent and it a bit expensive for a burger place but well worth it.
5	i loved it! there beer selection was very large and had different type of burgers. mine was on point and will def. re visit if im back in vegas!! waiter was a little slow but because we were in a large group we didnt even notice it!!!!
3	Very strong beer selection, though inferior to Todd English. Lots of Belgians and US crafts.I decided to go with the burger, to see if the place can live up to its name and not only was it priced rather reasonably, but it was pretty delicious.Eventhough it is located in a mall type setting, the ambiance is inside is pretty tolerable. Some of the other visitors were consuming BMCs, as the name would absolutely attract "beer junkies," that live on Bud Light and other such delicacies, and some of the waitresses, whose natural shapes have been modified by surgeons operating in the fields of plastics, had no shame in not knowing much about the good beer, but nevertheless, for this locale, if you must have craft beer- this is one of the stops that I would recommend.
4	Fabulous Kobe burger that I added Blue Cheese to for an awesome dinner. The perfect and quick dinner while working our way thru the casinos.
2	Save your money. This place is not very good and not worth the high price for a burger. I don't mind paying more for a burger just because of a gimmick or because the place is in a nice hotel on the strip. However, I would like the food to be really good. It's barely average here. I did the create your own and it wasn't satisfying for the price. Maybe half the price. The fries taste like cardboard. Usually, I clean my fries up. I left half of them. Another person in my party got the sliders. They were pretty bland as well. The buffalo one was interesting. I feel like they have too many unique offerings and not enough made to order selections. Give the vegetarian, buffalo, Kobe beef, lobster, lamb, and other unique selections their own page or section. When you take all of those out, they really only have three made to order burgers. The classic, peppercorn and one other.  The Create your own features too many options and could also get expensive. Also, you risk your customer not being satisfied by a bad combination of toppings. I would also recommend they come up with a signature sauce and push it. They need more, interesting made to order options. Or more interactive servers that guide you through the menu. Ours was nice but not helpful. We got a trio of ice cream/mousse desserts that were not great either. A frozen strawberry shouldn't taste so much like a frozen strawberry. Don't waste your time. Go to the food court at Luxor lol...
5	/BEGIN REVIEW/THE BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD!!! /END REVIEW/Nothing more needs to be said.... well worth the money. Well worth the experience.I had burger combo... which includes "skinny" fries. We also ordered the assorted dipping sauces for an additional $2 bucks (well worth it). I also had an additional side of onion rings.... amazing! They have a HUGE beer selection, including many on tap. That's in addition to all the custom milkshakes you can conjure up! Here is my overall take on this place.- It's Vegas! Most good food (especially in a report hotel) costs a few bucks more. - It's a celebrity chef restaurant. Nuff Said.- The prices are *not* stupid outrageous! I mean... have you ever eaten in a "Five Guys" restaurant?? You spend plenty for those burgers... and the Burger Bar is FAR superior for a few bucks more.- The service was awesome.I had a great lunch here, and am anxious to come back when I am back in town.
4	Loved the burgers and vibe here.  Great for lunch if you are in the Luxor or Mandalay.  Got a cute Tshirt for my dog.
3	We stopped in just to grab a beer at the bar before a show at House of Blues ,which was very costly,and after looking at the delicious and costly menu,decided not to eat here.I was on a budget that night and my belgian beer on tap cost me $10 as it was, so we left after that.They only have burgers, fries, and shakes. And a bar. No appetizers. Perhaps if I get a paycheck I can blow I'll try a burger from there, but the cheapass in me thinks I can find a better one less than half the cost.
5	I dream of this place sometimes at night, shamefully I devour each delicious bite of a  wagyu brgur with truffle sauce and frois gras. I know frois gois if evil, horrendous, etc etc, but is is sooo delicious. Crispy outside pink in the middle with a matching ground juicy burger below it. I could literally drink the truffle sauce, it's a-mazing. Even if you just dip your fries in it, just do not come here without ordering it. I ate the whole thing, on my own and stuffed to the gills I wanted more. I love the atmosphere, the service and I prefer to sit at the bar... hence burger bar, but if you must table it then you must table it.
5	Awesome Burger. I had the Buffalo! It was 17 bucks, but it was well worth it. Also ordered sweet potato fries, which were delectable.THere's a few different burgers to choose from, but you can't go wrong. Definitely the best meal I had in Las Vegas while I was there recently. Highly Recommended.
4	Build your own burger = love. Nutella milkshake = double love. Well, and maybe I shouldn't go out and directly sport a bikini after these things, but MAN are they worth it!This is a Hubert Keller spot. If you've watched him on Top Chef, and the numerous other shows he has been featured on, then you know this man knows his stuff. The burgers do not disappoint!I will be back!
4	This is a tasty burger.... Classic w/ sweet potato fries.   Perfectly cooked burger but the bacon was a little soggy.   Sweet potato fries were killer.  The restaraunt was packed but I found a place at the bar.  Everyone of the staff was hustling around and still managed to have big smiles on there faces.  I was surprised at how fast my food was delivered.  Nice pulse.
3	I go here every time I am in Vegas - had a fabulous turkey burger.  Highly recommended.
3	Well, that's disappointing. I see it, there are a ton of reviews that rave and rave about this place. Friends even recommended it, and that's probably where it falls flat; heightened expectations. Vegas is known to be a spot you can get great food. Besides the barrage of partying, debauchery, shows, and loads of booze, it's certainly a place to indulge every desire, and food is definitely one of them.So why did this place fail to impress? I was honestly expecting to be blown to smithereens by everyone else' experience with BB, but it was just run of the mill for me. I wanted decadence and deliciousness that I can't find anyone to compete with back home, but I can find at least one burger join in the cities I frequent that easily rival BBs offerings.
4	Love the concept of this place.   You basically build your own burger and then can choose from many different types of fries, milkshakes or beers to go along with it.Have been here a few times and always pay a few bucks extra and get the Kobe beef burger.   I also added sauteed mushrooms and onions (Note:  each topping other than the regular lettuce, ketchup, mustard, etc.  costs extra).    The burger is very tasty but will run you about $25 to $30 (I must say I have had $10 burgers just as good but hey it is Vegas).   For a side, I recommend either the sweet potato fries or the shoestring fries as both are very good.
4	You can't go wrong with a burger at this joint. They're a bit pricey (but so are most on the strip), but the quality of the ingredients, service, selection of beer (they had Mendocino Hemp Ale on tap!!), people watching, sports on TV...this place had it all. You can design your own burger with topping ranging from nice crispy bacon to truffles. I ate there twice in a week, and I usually only eat burgers a few times per year.
3	Another place I may have to try again because I think I ordered the wrong thing. I need to go back and try the Kobe beef burger as the black angus burger that Kacey ordered was nothing to go crazy about and the Burger Bar sliders were good but just not worth the price.Onion rings, zucchini fries and sweet potato fries were all delicious. Skinny fries were ok.Not a fan of places that nickel and dime you for every topping either, but I guess they are just trying to get you to order their specialty burgers.
4	Finally made it to Burger Bar last weekend for the infamous Rossini. Everything was great from the service to the burger (and the dessert burger that followed).The Rossini was great - rich and juicy. The fries were just you basic boring fries (the only disappointment of the meal). I chose the cheesecake version of the dessert burger and it was fantastic. I'm not a dessert fan but I ate every bite of it. The fresh strawberries made it.Would I stop in here every trip and spend 60.00 on a burger - no. Was it delicious and am I glad I did it - yes.
4	Awesome
4	excellant service. burgers are Great. for the price they should include fries or onion rings. cant wait to go back.
3	This restaurant, by famed restaurateur Heubert Keller touts itself as the best burger in Las Vegas and the ultimate burger experience.  Instead this place is everything you would expect from a stuck up gourmet who wouldn't know a great burger if it hit him in the face.  Don't get me wrong, you won't get food poisening here and you won't come away saying that the burgers were inedible, in fact for the most part the end result is a good burger.  I am certain however, Mr. Keller and his chefs have never seen the parking lot of a sporting event with a charcol grille and a spatula. First, what I don't like about this place.  The burgers were cooked like a gourmet would, meaning good for a steak, bad for a burger.  All the burgers we tried were underdone and we asked for them medium.  Second, the prices are outrageous.  You will not get out of here below $20.00 per person and for a burger, that is just wrong.  Third, the service is absolutely attrocious for the price.  This is supposed to be a burger place but they treat you like the fine dining establishments, meaning rude service and slow service.  Fourth, the Kobe burger is a waste of time.  The flavor is lacking and quite honestly, you don't need the best meat to make a good burger. Fifth, the bun is boring. I expect better from a 20 dollar burger joint.  The buns we had were dry inside and soggy outside.Now, for the good about this place. 1) you can get just about anything on your burger and you pick and choose what is on it. 2) you can get just about any type of meat on your burger from kobe to buffalo to ostrich. 3) the burger is tasty if you get them to cook it right.  The sides and drinks deliver.Still searching, let me know your favorite burger place so I can try.
5	Great burgers, great prices. Had the Italian, with grass fed beef. Wife had the chicken and Brie. We shared the garlic fries, also delicious. If your seeing a show at ny ny, save your appetite for this place
4	What an awesome find!!! In the middle of a shopping "mall" inside the Mandalay Bay hotel.Ok, so this is one of those places that have one expensive burger ($60 rossini burger). No, that's not the one I tried although I'm thinking next time I might, just to see what a $60 burger taste like.Anyway, we walked in and they sat us down right away. This is a very casual place, nothing extremely fancy. It's an upscale bar, very cool, looks like a great place to grab a drink, grab a bite and hang out.We decided to split the Hubert Keller burger (his favorite according to the menu). The burger meat is buffalo and it comes with caramelized onions, baby spinach, and blue cheese on a ciabatta bun. It was pure heaven! The meat is very tasty and the bread is delightful. This comes with a side of skinny fries which we swapped for sweet potato fries and they were fantastic. This plate of one burger and a side of fries comes at a whopping $19.25. But we split it between two people and it was enough to fill us up.O.K, are you ready? NUTELLA milkshake!! Did you hear me? I said, NUTELLA milkshake!! Ohh, vanilla ice cream blended with lots of nutella topped with homemade whipped cream topped with hazelnuts and a drizzle nutella. What a dream!!! I know they make this at some other places but this one is the BEST so far.
4	In a word: Yum!  I shared the Hubert Keller burger, surf-n-turf burger, and one of the alcoholic milkshakes (you heard me) with my friend.  The Hubert Keller burger (buffalo meat, blue cheese, caramelized onions) was TO DIE FOR!  I would definitely recommend it.  The surf and turf was a little disappointing, which is why I'm only giving this review 4 stars, but that may be because the beef just didn't compare to the buffalo.  I don't think alcoholic milkshakes require additional explanation.  Our server was super friendly and helpful and it was a trip to see her twin working on the opposite side of the restaurant.  I will definitely stop by the next time I'm on the south end of the strip.
2	Unbelievably Slow Service!  Pumpkin Martini was awesome but the food was mediocre. Wait - staff friendly but very, very S L O W and unattentive. Would not return.
3	3.5 stars. Let's start off with the positives: Service was very, very good. Our waitress was friendly, attentive, quick to refill water, and was basically perfect.However, the 3 stars above indicate something wrong with the experience, and that something was the food itself.I had the Kobe Beef Burger with Provolone and my fiancee ordered the Hubert Keller burger and fries. Fries were pretty good. Nice texture, nice flavor, but nothing amazing.The Hubert Keller burger had a solid combination of flavors, with nice play between the cheese, the meat, and the sauce. If both burgers were as decent as the Hubert Keller burger, I would've probably leaned towards four stars. However, my Kobe beef burger, despite only being cooked to medium and still nice and pink inside, was really dry and flavorless. There was just not enough fat in my burger. No juiciness. And since the burger was very basic other than the cheese, there was nothing else to mask the forgettable patty. Perhaps I should have added some truffle and foie gras to liven it up, but then I'd just be enjoying those things, rather than the burger itself.If you're going to come here, spend a bit more and get their specialty burgers, I guess. Wanted to like this place because Hubert Keller is the man, but left feeling a wee bit disappointed.
4	Was here last week on my trip in Vegas as we were staying at mandalay bay and left red white and blue after a poor experience with service there (read my review).  But onto the review for here:We were seated right away and instantly had our waitress at the table a couple minutes later taking drink orders. She was very good about checking up on us for anything we needed and also had a good sense of humorI ordered the wings and made an Angus burger for my meal and shared half and half with my friend who made a chicken sandwich.  Their menu is cool because it allows you to create your very own burgers and sandwiches by choosing your meat, bun, cheese and toppings. choices were pretty broad with meat having Angus beef, buffalo, chicken, and higher qualities of beef. Buns were ciabbata, onion, sesame, and then a large selection of cheeses and toppings. If you build a burger though it does not come with fries, so keep that in mind. The burger was good and the beef was very moist and flavorful.  The chicken sandwich was a little bland even after putting on the chipotle sauce that my friend asked for but it wasn't dry which was nice.   The wings were very good but not as spicy as I was hoping for, but my friend did feel that they were very spicy. The wings also came with fries which were seasoned well and cooked well along with some carrots and celery. I did have a bite of the burger my other friend made that came with some au ju sauce which was also very goodPrices were pretty standard for a sit down burger place and the service was great. The only thing that kept me from giving it a 5 star was the bland chicken. I would return to try another creation if I am down in the mandalay our lucite area.
5	BB is a great place to go for a unique experience not just another burgerOf course the prices are high but it's gourmet burgers not fast foodYou can customize any burger just the way you imagine it It's worth every penny Cool spot to go on a date A must if you love burgers
5	I've been trying to find a better burger than this....I can't find one!  If you got one, feel free to msg it to me.  And yes, I've tried Bachi/Holstein/etc.Reason why I am updating....NUTELLA SHAKES!Best thing ever...seriously...get one.  Its very smooth and refined...like they make it out of whipped cream instead of grinded up ice.If I could give this place 10 stars I would...so two 5 star reviews should do!
5	Nestled in between the Luxor and Mandalay Bay, Burger Bar is a haven for hamburger aficionados.  After a late night of partying on the Strip, Burger Bar is the best place to stop in and sober up (open until 1 AM on Friday and Saturdays).If you're coming for a regular meal, you can't go wrong with the American Classic burger, with cheese, bacon, onions and tomato.  But if you just want a quick bite, go for the sliders.  You get 3 different burgers:  two of them with different types of beef, the other with buffalo meat.  But to make your meal really special, get a milkshake.  Each time I come here, I get the Nutella milkshake, which is the best milkshake I've ever had.  For some reason, the milkshakes are better here, even better than the SF Burger Bar.  I don't know why, but they are.
5	They are what they're called! An awesome burger spot. I had a kobe beef burger and it was delicious! I could've eaten 2 of them! Well, at least my eyes could've! Lol. Ok so yea, if you want a good top of the line burger, be ready to pay up. This ain't no fast food chain. The fries were good too, I'd go back for sure!
5	Loved this place. I had the Hubert Keller Burger. The buffalo was nice and medium as i ordered it. Caramelized onions and some crumbled blue cheese were the perfect accessories to this already flavorful burger. It came with some auju on the side that was spot on.The onion rings were good but i really enjoyed the Mozzarella sticks, with a nice side of marinara sauce. I wish i was not full after the meal, i really wanted to try the Nutella shake, SOON!!
4	One of my favorite places to eat at in Vegas! This restaurant was located inside Mandalay Bay. It was super crowded when we arrived and had to be put on a waiting list. Once we were in, I ordered myself an Atlantic Salmon Burger on a wheat bun with swiss cheese, button mushrooms, asparagus, along with a side of sweet potato fries. Our burgers took awhile to come out, but it was crowded so it was expected. When my burger came out, the salmon piece looked so thick and juicy! The waitress forgot my mushrooms though :( She brought them out separately but it just wasn't the same. Anyways, it tasted good and I eventually finished the whole burger (except some asparagus.) The burger was pretty big, and definitely met my expectations. The sweet potato fries were good as well. The were a little broken up, but wasn't over fried I guess. My friends got the Kobe beef burger and another friend ordered the salmon burger with a lobster tail on top, he said it was delicious! haha. I'll come back here when I'm in Vegas :)
4	Pretty darn good burger but it was pricey.  I built my burger on a sesame seed burger, cheddar, avocado, med rare with sweet potato fries.  The burger was cooked perfectly, nice and juicy.  It was so good compared to the In-N-Out Burger I had during the same conference.  The sweet potato fries were plentiful and so good.  But damn, WHY DIDN'T I TRY THE NUTELLA SHAKE?!  Such regret...
4	bring on the burger!one of my favorite spots to go every time i go to vegas.mac n cheese croquettes are amazing. you must try it! i'm very curious as to how they make something magical like that. ordered the kobe beef (on onion bread) with fried egg, spinach, american cheese, mushroom & caramelized onions. very juicy and worth every penny. also ordered zucchini parmesan on the side - good coating and tasty with ranch dressing. if you're sick and tired of other "fast food" burgers, try burger bar! definitely worth it. will definitely come back again and try other things on the menu! check out the picture i posted.
3	Good gourmet burgers, sweet potato fries, and TVs in each booth...but if the wait is long, forget it....not worth it.
4	Epic veggie burgers live here!  Nice selection of alcohol but its pricey. kinda has a college bar vibe atmosphere going on. Best veggie burger ive found in vegas so far. The quest isnt over yet though! cheers mate
5	This place is amazing! They serve the best burger that I have ever had. Not only do they have your classic burgers but they have specialty burgers such as Kobe, Buffalo, burgers with lobster on them ect. If you are in Vegas and hungry stop by and try this place. It will be a little pricey, but you get what you pay for.
3	Damn, I was reallllllly excited to try out burger bar as part of my "best burger on the planet" hunt. Unfortunately, I brought no appetite to the table when I got there, so I just ordered a Bloody Mary and the sliders. Right off the bat, our drinks took maximum, 2 minutes to arrive. The stunning bartender was so apologetic for the slow service (????) that the first round was on her, awesome (god I love Vegas)!The drink was damn delicious, full of flavor and spice, not just a glug of clamato with cocktail olives. My sliders came out, they were a little less impressive. Again, I must preface this by saying I had 0 appetite, otherwise I would have ordered a regular burger and I'm sure, would have been exceedingly happy with it. The sliders were just meh, OK. They were pretty standard, and to be honest, the patty was pretty bland and uninteresting. It was my fault, I mean, who orders sliders when hunting for life altering burgers. Next time I am in Vegas, I pledge to return to the Burger Bar with an empty belly and a carnal craving for stupendous burgers. Hubert - My 5 star review will have to wait.
4	Of all the burger places i have tried in Las Vegas Burger Bar is the best. They have a variety of selections of burgers and fries. A really good one i normally order is the Kobe burger, these burgers you build your own its all ala cart or you may choose to have a ready built burger recipe on the menu. My out of town freinds would make it a tradition to eat here before we part ways. I would highly reccomend this place. Prciing is not too bad and their shakes are the bomb!
2	Service was friendly, fast and efficient. Some were also eye-candy as the waitresses there are probably forced to wear belly exposing tank tops.Burgers were below average. I love burgers and was starving, but at best these burgers were not good.  The burgers needed seasoning and was not juicy.  About $20-25 for a burger is over priced, especially for bland, near tasteless food.Decor was generic of any typical burger joint.
5	I was staying at the Mandalay Bay for a work retreat last weekend and had seen quite an array of restaurants in The Shoppes at Mandalay Bay. The Burger Bar was one of them and had an enticing concept - I could build my own burger. However, once I sat down, the menu itself with pre-determined types of burgers looked fantastic already. I could've built my own milkshake but their choices rocked already.So what did I do? I opted for a brewski while my co-worker couldn't resist the Nutella milkshake (seriously, a NUTELLA MILKSHAKE!). I snagged a bottle of Deschutes Black Butte Porter for $5 which wasn't too shabby considering it was Vegas. Her milkshake was probably around $8 and oh so delicious. It was creamy and full of Nutella goodness without being overwhelming. There was nice thick consistency to the drink that a lot of milkshakes seem to miss when they are too thin or too thick. My porter was nice and smooth but didn't pair all too well with my burger. Regardless, I enjoyed it!I opted to grab some buttermilk zucchini fries with my peppercorn burger (NatureSource beef with fresh and dried peppercorn, Dijon mustard, peppercorn cream, tomato, red onion, and lettuce) since I prefer them over regular fries. Aren't they healthier? Well anyhow, they were deep-fried to perfection and great with the ranch I asked the waitress for. The burger, now that was something. When you price a burger at $18, you get a lot of expectations from the client (well and again, it was Vegas). I think Burger Bar delivered. My peppercorn was just the right amount of peppery spice; I think the fresh peppercorn really gave a sweeter twist to the meal. The patty cooked medium rare really staved off my beefy desire as its natural juiciness made the meat so desirable. Paired with the creamy peppercorn sauce, it was fabulous burger. How did I deal with the guilt of such a huge burger? Whole wheat bun!
2	Is it a crime to love a simple "charcoal grilled" smoke-laden burger... served rare to med. rare? I've done many trade shows at the Mandalay, and have eaten at BB more than a few times. The fact that I walked out each time thinking....... "Thank goodness this is a business expense and not an out-of-pocket expense..." pretty much sums it up for me. Why can't a "no-name" chef just set up a Weber in one of the parking lots, and crank out a great old American Cheese Burger!? Hell, I don't need fancy add-ons. Just great beef, great chedder, fresh tomato and head lettuce, fresh or carmelized onions, and I'll promise not to critique the menu prices. Chances of that happening soon? Not good I'm afraid.I don't want to "choose my adds." Fuddrucker's intro'd that years ago. I figure that if a burger restaurant has a great burger, they'll know better than I what options work. Give me a few finished-sandwich choices, including a Frisco Burger, and I'm good to go.
5	We always have to eat here when coming to Vegas.  Great Kobe beef cheese burger!!  If you wanna splurge on an extremely flavorful burger...BUY IT!  Don't put anything on it but cheese (Definitely No Ketchup) so you can taste the true flavor of it.  Their ice cream sundae are also very good with many different toppings.  Good eats peeps!!!
5	Kobe beef, shaved truffles, foie gras, Madeira sauce. How can you go wrong??!! Oh and a fried egg!!! This was absolutely the best damn burger I have EVER eaten!!!! Forget the $60 price tag... it was worth it!!!! This is one of those bucket list items. Highly recommend everyone have one once in their lives.
3	It was fair to middling, and not as great as the reviews I've read. I had the Kobe beef burger with lettuce, tomato, avocado, and cheddar cheese. The beef was fantastic, but the toppings were actually pretty bad. The avocado was under-ripe and the bacon was way overcooked. It was like a beautiful Italian sports car with a bunch of stupid bumper stickers on it (think "COEXIST" and Calvin peeing on something); a tremendous foundation with garnishes that only subtract.The sweet potato fries, while tasty, were lukewarm and kind of soggy. Not the best I've had, to be sure.The Nutella Shake, however, is worth all the hype and more. It was so rich and amazing that I'd come back here just for that. Too bad it's a four hour flight...I'd give Burger Bar another try next time I'm in Vegas, but I'm disappointed I didn't have the experience everyone else on Yelp seems to have had.
4	Great place to eat. Service was quick and the food was good. Always a good spot to hit for a quick lunch
3	Lots of outstanding reviews here. I can't say I fully agree. I had an angus burger. It was OK. Nothing special, though.  The service was outstanding. I don't think my soda level ever fell below 1 inch from the top. The salted caramel milkshake was delish! Almost makes me want to give this place an extra star. Unless you really love it, you might ask for no or a little bit of whipped cream. My shake was at least 1/4 whipped cream. Cool, casual atmosphere.
4	Located in the Mandalay Bay mall area, this place is a nice place that was very popular. I had the basic bacon cheese medium rare.  The meat was perfectly cooked.  A good char on the outside with nice a pink in the middle.  Not as juicy as I would have liked, so the Angus meat is lean.  The bun was a regular sesame bun. I was hoping for a brioche at that price.  It wasn't as good as a Bachi Burger.  My friend that the surf and turf.  The hardest part is putting the burger back on the plate.  It's too big and just falls apart.  Sometimes, bigger isn't better.  I don't think I would come back based on the price of the food.  It's good to try once.
4	Located in Mandalay Place, Herbert Keller's Burger Bar is an upscale bar that carries gourmet burgers, shakes and bar drinks.Although they have a variety of burgers to choose from, I ordered the build your own burger. You get to choose the protein, bread type for bun and fillings. Dill pickle, tomatoes, lettuce, onions are the complementary fillings. Additional gourmet fillings are abundant and are an extra charge which can be from .95 cents to $5.00 depending on what you choose.I had the Kobe Beef Patty- Medium ($17.25) on Ciabatta Bread with a side of Truffle Mayo (+.95 cents) which I put on my bread and ate with my side order of skinny fries which comes in a cup (enough for me and my boyfriend). I washed it down with an iced tea.My burger was juicy, tender (not as fatty as I imagined) but had really great flavor. With a light spread of truffle mayo it was sooooo good. However, I preferred dipping my fries in the truffle mayo, the mayo had bits of black truffle in it that wasn't too overpowering.Service was great and I was lucky to score a table right at 11am when they opened but it got busy as the day wore on. Closes at 11pm which is nice.
3	Good food. Pricey.  Service wasn't very good considering it was slooow.  If I was craving a burger I would go there again.
4	Total fan of Burger Bar.
4	One of the very best burgers I've had in my life so far! highly recommend this place! Food is great! Love the onion rings! Waitress was great and friendly.Only thing that kept me from giving a 5 star was that my table was set without napkins and we weren't given napkins either for our meal.
4	No question Burgers are  so juicy. A MUST PLACE TO GO ..not only the burgers why i keep coming back. What else ??? Their  MILKSHAKES of course. Love love love their shakes. NUTELLA SHAKE YUMMMy
3	Came here Saturday after 3PM, had to wait around 10 minutes for a table for 4.  I've ordered the $60 Rossini burger (wagyu beef topped with foie gras and shavings of black truffle).  The burger was tasty, but I could do without the black truffle, and opted with just the foie gras.  The Rossini includes side of fries and either a standard milk shake or a hamburger dessert.Our waitress was ok, came to take our order and then disappeared for the remaining of our meal.  The fries were overcooked, but I did not have a chance to tell our waitress to bring another.  Most of our service was delivered by the hard working bus boys.  I had to order extra beer from the bus boy as well, since our waitress seems to be hiding from us.
5	How the heck am I supposed to every enjoy a burger at another place now! Their burgers are far superior to any other I've ever had and I had the veggie burger LOL.  We were in town for EDC, on a one meal a day budget and this place was perfect for it.   The meals are huge and filled us up for the entire day.  The beer selection is excellent as well.  Would definitely come here again next time I'm in Vegas!
5	I have NEVER had such an amazing burger. The zucchini fries fries are also to die for. I long to visit Vegas again just so I can go back to BURGER BAR!!!
3	Take my review with a grain of salt.  I went to this place because it was voted one of the best burgers in Vegas.  They have a LOT of burger options, so if you are looking for something different, this is probably the place to go.  I got the cheapest burger on the menu - which was still like 15 bucks.  The burger was thick and juicy but not great.  I honestly would have been just as satisfied with a Red Robin burger (now you know where I'm coming from).  The next step up is a 22 dollar burger, which to me is an obscene amount of money for a burger.  The service was good, but the dining was very cramped - which was probably the biggest surprise about this place.  The coolest part about my visit was that we got to see Hubert Keller.  If not for that, I'd probably give it 2.5 stars.  If you want a rare and expensive burger and a chance to see a famous chef, go here.  If you are just hungry for a burger and don't really care, go to a cheaper place that you know you'll like.
2	Soooooooo disappointed in Burger Bar. Everything was pretty standard. My friend got the Hubert Keller burger, and honestly, for all of the bells and whistles it came with (carmelized onions, bleu cheese, red wine and shallot sauce), it was pretty bland. I built my own burger with an egg and pancetta, and while the pancetta was perfect, my burger again, left a lot to be desired. It was just a flavorless hunk of meat, and with the thickness of the patty, it's an awful lot of blandness to process. Eating these burgers felt more like work than an enjoyable dining experience.We ordered the appetizer sampler with plenty of fried goodies and a five-sauce sampler, and while the sauces were great (we kept them to flavor our burgers a bit more later), the appetizers themselves tasted like they were thawed out staples that you could pick up at any grocery store. In fact, I'm pretty sure I've purchased the fried macaroni and cheese triangles that we were served at Target. We ordered alcoholic milkshakes as well, and again, were pretty disappointed by the flavor. Super thick, and while we both ordered different types (the french kiss and the chocolate cowboy), they both just tasted like chocolate. With so many awesome dining options to choose from in Vegas, Burger Bar REALLY needs to step it up.
5	Food 5 stars Service 3 starsAtmosphere 4 starsThis has to be one of the best burgers in town at a "Best Burger" price. You can get a basic burger for around $12 bucks, but I really recommend getting the Buffalo meat burger. The burgers are always cooked the way you ordered it and the flavor is always impressive. The service lacks a bit, but what do you expect when you go to a place on the strip. It's a fun place to meet up with a few buddies before a long night on the strip. The beer selection is pretty good too!
4	This place is awesome!  Try my concoction the "doomed earth" burger - Kobe Burger, Foie Gras, Onion Bun, Caramelized Onions, Pepper Jack cheese, Oyster Mushrooms and Truffle Mayo.  That burger was damn good.  The Cherry on top is that they had my favorite beer ever on tap, Delirium Tremens!
5	Food: 4.5Service: 4Ambience: 4:)Kobe burger:(The burger is so good but tiny. Not enoughhh! I want moreee!Random Note:Love the Kobe. I always built my own. And the burger came out to be abt $25-30 :p Get the truffle!
4	Last time I was here, the burger took a very long time to arrive and was cold with a unfresh bun and some items were missing.  Clearly the waiter forgot to bring out the order and served a poor product.  I tend to receive better service when sitting at the bar.  Usually excellent burgers and beer samplers to put me in my happy place.  Many different beer choices.  My GF loved the veggie burger.  Surprisingly, they don't serve pickles as a topping, but the cucumber is a fine substitute.
5	All you need to know: THE BEST SKINNY FRIES I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. EVER.  Perfectly cut, not greasy, perfectly salted, crunchy outside, soft hot inside. I ate every last one and I could have eaten more.So it is no secret that I love Hubert Keller.  I have the hugest crush on him with his French accent, charming smile, and gray ponytail.  And I don't typically crush on older men, that's a fact.  I also love how he's always adorably sweet and encouraging on the Top Chef shows.  And his PBS shows make it look easy to make souffle...yeah, right, but he makes it look easy.So we went to Burger Bar after an unintended visit to the airport to retrieve my BF's lost ID.  Ugh.  This place looks like an updated more upscale diner with booths, tables, and bar seating.  Get your fave type of seating and get ready to stuff yourself!Burgers are either "build your own" or Chef's burgers that are already designed with toppings, etc.  They even have veggie burgers and fish burgers so if you don't like beef you are still going to find something here.  I ordered the Hubert Keller burger that was buffalo meat with caramelized onions, baby spinach and bleu cheese on a ciabatta with red wine and shallots sauce.  If it is good enough for Hubert it is good enough for me.  The burger was perfectly medium rare and the entire thing was messy and dripping with savory juices from the sauce and the caramelized onions. It was delicious...and huge!  I didn't finish the entire thing but that may have been because I stuffed my face with fries.  The BF got the lamb burger.  This one is with secret spices, tomato, cilantro, and spicy burger bar ketchup.  It had a great spice taste, like Middle Eastern inspired flavor.  And the spicy ketchup - that is the stuff.  We ordered a separate order of that for our fries.  Not that the fries needed ketchup but damn that ketchup was good.I cannot stress enough how good those fries were.  I am a huge fan of skinny fries, crunchier the better, and dear God they were amazing.  If you don't want burgers, they do have salads and a chicken sandwich too.  They also have milkshakes, including BOOZY milkshakes.  If ONLY I had enough room for one of those too.  Service was good, our waitress was attentive and didn't let us go thirsty.  She also answered that Chef Keller was not there that weekend and told me I could keep up with his whereabouts (i.e. stalk him more effectively) on facebook.  She confirmed that he is a sweet guy just like I already knew.  The prices are pretty standard Vegas if you ask me which means it isn't gonna be the cheapest burger...mine was $22 if that tells you.  And the ketchup extra was $1.  But hey, that's how it goes.Next time you are in Vegas and want a casual atmosphere and a damn fine burger and the best fries EVER you need to come here.
5	Burger bar is bomb! Hubert Keller burger is bomb! Next time I'm in Vegas I'm trying the burger with foi gras in it...if I win money in Vegas though (it's a $60 burger)
5	I've been here three times now, and consistently...this place serves the best burgers I've ever had. It's expensive for hamburgers, but worth it. I actually look forward to visiting this place whenever I'm in Vegas because I haven't really found a place closer to home where I can grab a burger this good. The wait can take a while, but once you're seated...the service is usually pretty quick. Try one of the shakes....they're great too.
4	I had the pleasure of dining here a few months ago with my girlfriend and don't regret it one bit. These guys are one of the first restaurants in town to make gourmet and specialty burgers a cornerstone of their business so their pioneering efforts alone make them worthy of your business... in my opinion. The decor is rather nondescript, but the beer selection is noteworthy. I decided to try the buffalo burger medium, on an onion bun with shitake mushrooms and blue cheese crumble.  It was pretty fantastic and easily one of the burgers I have ever had. It was rich and flavorful without being excessively greasy. The steak fries were solid. My girlfriend opted for the turkey burger with fresh made guacamole which was good, but I really wouldn't recommend it unless you have a strict diet or avoid red meat for religious reasons. The bottom line is that there are many different kinds of burgers here for the various tastes and preferences of burger lovers Prices were ok considering this is located in Mandalay bay and has garnered quite a bit of attention over the years. In my opinion this is THE place to go for a burger if you are in Mandalay Bay--without question.
5	I had a great burger with peppercorn bacon, American cheese on a wheat bun. It was so Delicious, the meat was so juicy and the peppercorn bacon was so good. We also tried fry sampler which you can choose 3 different type of fried food. I tried the macaroni and cheese croquet's OMG they where so good, i loved them so much.Over all experience was awesome, yes its kinda spendy. But you get for what you pay for. The ambiance of the restaurant is kinda sport bar/ pub. Try the spicy ketchup and the truffle mayo they are so good. I will definitely come back, great food + great service= happy me.
5	Amazing.  Went in to just grab something to eat and can say that this service was by far better then some fine dining establishments.  Felt like royalty on how well and attentive the staff was with our needs.  We ordered the mac and cheese bites which were amazing and then a burger and shared it.  My husband had a beer and I had a vodka cran.  Everything was prompt and delicious.  We were table touched by three different servers walking by and then our own.  You would have thought we were royalty.  Wonderful place, would go back again!
3	not bad... not bad...my boyfriend and i shared a make-yourself burger with australian kobe beef ($17.75) + 2 slabs of foie gras ($13 each) + portabello mushrooms ($1.50?) + truffle sauce ($5.50?). the burger for some reason came out really lukewarm. mmm.. no, not lukewarm. more like cold, as if it had been sitting out for awhile. it was kind of a bummer even though the food itself tasted good. it would have been much better had it been delivered to us freshly cooked. i loved the skinny fries. they were so crispy and delicious. we ordered a side of truffle mayo to dip with it ($5) and it was REALLY yum. we also ordered pepper jack cheese shots, which are basically mozzarella sticks except with pepper jack and shaped into a ball rather than a stick. those came with some type of buttermilk ranch sauce and were okay, but again would have been better if it had come to us directly from the fryer. i give this place three stars because located in mandalay bay, it was WAY too far, especially in 110 degree heat, and because that heat didn't translate onto our food.but $13 for a piece of foie gras... legit!
4	If you want a quality gourmet burger, look no further.When I went I had a kobe burger with prosciutto. Burger was juicy and very tasty. The kobe was so rich with flavor and melts in your mouth. The prosciutto was a good salty addition to compliment the patty. The bun was nice and toasty yet soft.Recommend:* Nutella shake: Liquid heaven. smooth & creamy, but can be rich (in a good way)There is a location in San Francisco that I want to try sometime. Fortunately I don't have to go all the way to  Vegas to eat there.
4	I am cheap and was skeptical, but the burger was super legit.  Had the basic angus with grilled onions and cheddar on ciabatta.  Extremely juicy and flavorful.  Also loved the zucchini fries which were the best I've had in a while.
5	Great spot!  They make awesome build your own burgers.  You wont be disappointed if you go here!
5	Burger joints all across the world must take a lesson from the pages of Burger Bar!!It's really hard to mess up a hamburger. Meat, buns, and extras. Boom. This place is the epitome of what a good burger is suppose to be. The meat is high quality, all of veggies are fresh and the size is filling. Not like those over-priced gourmet truffle burgers you find everywhere nowadays in LA. The menu selection is huge as well so your sure to find a burger of your liking.With the growing popularity of burger businesses (Stout, Umami, BLT burger at the Mirage, The Counter, Go Burger, etc.) there are many other burger places you can try in Vegas but this....this is the standard.Located at Mandalay Bay, you'll see it by noticing the looooooong lines up front. The five stars however is based on the food, however if I were to add the wait into the equation this place would be a three. Is the wait worth it? Try it for yourself.
5	Burger Bar: You had me at FOIE GRAS and BLACK TRUFFLESThis is a great place for quality burgers. You can choose from one of the many different burgers on the menu or build your own. They have a ton of beers on tap,and a bunch of neat cocktails. I tried the Salted Caramel martini. Definitely very strong, but perhaps a little TOO salty for my taste. We tried a few burgers when we came in this weekend. I ordered a Grilled Chicken burger on an onion bun with a fried egg and truffle mayo.The grilled chicken was really tender and moist. The onion bun was fresh and sooo soft. The fried egg was perfectly runny, and the mayo was so darn tasty! There were flecks of black truffle in the mayo, giving the mayo an awesome kick of truffle flavor. YUM!The peppercorn burger was also a hit. The beef was cooked to a perfect medium with a hint of pink. They really piled on the peppercorns on the burger!  The sweet potato fries were fantastic as well. Probably some of the best ones I've had in a while.Of course, we had to order the ROSSINI BURGER with Foie gras and black truffles.  Yes it is $60, but SO WORTH IT. The richness of the foie gras and the bold flavor of the truffles added so much flavor to the tender Wagyu beef. This has got to be the BEST burger I've ever had. The beef was so tender and the flavors were just heavenly. Since the burger is 60 bucks, they let you choose any side you want with the burger and you also get a free dessert! We tried the mac and cheese croquettes and the chocolate dessert burger.  The croquettes were good, but paled in comparison to the burger. The chocolate dessert burger was really good. Awesome dessert that works so well with the burger theme. The warm donut 'bun' was really good. It worked so well with the nutella mousse (the patty) and the passion fruit jelly (cheese). The richness and the tartness balanced each other out very nicely. It was a great way to end our meal!Service was good. Our waiter was very nice, he was a little hard to track down, but  whatever, we were so focused on our food. I don't think we really cared. It's a little far from where I usually play on the strip, but it's a great place to get food on our way into or out of Vegas.
5	For us Californians Foie Gras is now illegal (as well as sharks fin and a bunch of other ridiculous crap). So I had to scratch this curiosity while I was in Vegas. I dragged my group 12 from Switzerland, Montreal, and California to Burger Bar because of the reviews and the fact that they had foie gras. All the beautiful ladies starting with the hostess treated my group very well. Our server, Harmony was great. She took my complicated order of customized burger with foei gras on the side, medium rare (as bloody red as I liked it), with avocado, sprouts, and skinny fries with a sauce sampler... *exhale. Everything was great, the food was delicious, and everyone enjoyed it. I want to thank Burger Bar for a great dining experience.
4	The burgers were top notch and made with care! The service could have been better. There was a very skinny young lady who didn't so much as crack a smirk the entire time we were there. One of my friends asked to look at the cook book and she came to the table with a sour face and practically dropped it on the table. The burgers were so amazing I'd be willing to put up with bad service the next time I come to Las Vegas. The zucchini fries are a must. The fried mac and cheese was sinfully delicious!!!
5	I've got to update because Burger Bar is still at the top of the burger game.The Kobe style beef burger here(with caramelized onions, chopped jalapenos, and spicy ketchup) tastes like burger angels singing "Ode to Joy" in your burger-stuffed American mouth. It is so, so terribly good.The fry sampler allows you to choose 5 badass dipping sauces to coat your sides with. I found myself most impressed with the truffle mayo and cinnamon honey mustard. The sweet potato fries, zucchini fries, and pepper jack cheese shots are very impressive.Keep on keepin' on, Burger Bar.
4	This place is home to the most delicious milkshakes I've ever had!  Favorites are the Irish coffee (alcoholic) shake and the plain ole chocolate shake.  Yum!The first time I came here, I splurged and ordered the $60 Rossini burger.  It was good, but definitely not the best burger I've ever had, and absolutely not worth the price.  I am embarrassed to even admit spending that much on a burger!For less than the price of that single burger, on a return visit we got two Angus burgers with our choice of toppings, sweet potato fries and skinny fries, and an Irish coffee shake.   All were delicious except for the skinny fries which were just meh.   Not as skinny or crispy as I would have liked.  Standout toppings were the bacon, mushrooms, dijon mustard and the peppercorn sauce.
4	To start with, this is between mandalay and luxor. NOT mandalay and 4 seasons like the map says. We went for lunch and our waiter took our drink order, came back a few minutes later with waters and took our food order. A food runner brought shakes over 5 minutes later (about 10 minutes after ordering drinks) and my wife's was good and as described. I ordered a martini and got an alcohol free shake. After waiting a solid 5 minutes, we never saw the waiter so I just drank the shake as it looked good. It was delicious, but not what I ordered. Our burgers took just over 20 minutes to come out after ordering. My buffalo burger was GREAT and my wife's burger was also great. The major down side was being sat next to some trash that was swearing at their 3 year old to stop eating zucchini and "take a bite of your F****N chicken" and "you have to be sh**ting me, just try the fu**ing sweet potato fry". Then they were doing toasts to their therapist. They def were toasting the wrong person, they should have been toasting to their child's future therapist. They won't be winning parents of the year any time soon. Overall, we'll go back but we'll go during a very off hour to get a booth, some peace and hopefully faster/better service.
5	Love their Kobe style burger; it's so moist and delicious.
5	One of my favorite spots for elite burgers.I usually splurge on the high end beef cuts when I go to Burger Bar...so I can't speak to the other products.  I love the gourmet options available....The beer selection cannot be overlooked here!  I know many beer snob that frequent Burger Bar for some unique beers they get from time to time...they always seem to have something wonderful to pour!
3	Nice burger place. Pros: great attentive service and decent pricing for this area. Cons: food tastes pretty standard, disappointed in quality of fries.
5	Loved this place!*awesome music!*you could catch the game in their booths* he asked me how i liked it cooked n it turned out AMAZING! BEST BURGER I'VE EVER HAD.Definitely would come back here on my next trip to vegas :)
5	My hubby and I love this place. I swear I wanna eat there every time I'm in Vegas lol. They have the best burgers anywhere. I've done the build your own with kobe beef I've had the Hubert Keller burger amazing the burgers are huge juicy and cooked to perfection. The bar is one of the best I've ever been to. They do an amazing caramel apple martin It's not on the menu anymore but the staff here is so great they will make it if you ask. The fry sampler is a must there regular fries are great crisp with a cream interior and the mac n cheese croquettes are yummy melting chees perfect pasta fried just right. The pepper jack cheese shots were also amazing with a nice punch of heat and the best zucchini fries I've had anywhere. We got ours with the sauce sampler I would highly recommend the basil aioli as a dipper and the spicy ketchup. If you go anywhere in vegas this is one of the must go super staff great food great drinks it doesn't get better then Burger Bar
2	Nice atmosphere, but the regular angus burger was nothing to write home about. Came out undercooked when ordered for "medium" and tasted bland. Fries were typical. Nothing special. Had a few drinks and the tab was $100 for 4 of us.  If you really want a great burger, take a cab over to In and Out Burger on Tropicana. You'll come out way ahead.
4	I didn't get to write a review after my first visit but this time I around, I am ready!The service was pretty good for a busy night. We did have to wait a good 30 minutes or so to be seated but that was okay. I ended up splurging and ordering the Mac & Cheese Croquettes and also the Kobe beef. I had been tempted the first time but caved this time around. I've had Japanese Wagyu before and loved it and was hoping for the same melt in your mouth experience with this Kobe from Australia. Unfortunately, the Kobe fell short of my expectations. I could have gotten the Angus and it would have been the same. 4 Stars for the great service and tasty food! Now I can at least say I tried the Kobe, I will definitely opt in for the Angus again. Their dessert burgers are to die for!
4	MILKSHAKES! Oh my milky heaven.  Burgers are pure bliss.   They are knowledgeable on gluten free items as well.
3	I love this place I go here at least 2 times every visit to Vegas. I have waited happily for 45min just to get my Salmon Burger. The owner is always there checking on everything. I have great respect for that man.This time the hostess had some personal issues. She looked new, maybe thats why?? Sister with attitude..usually its a turn on for me.
1	Sliders are the size of a dollar pancake. You'll pay $17 for a smattering of junk beer with subpar ice cream in it.  Another $17 for a good, but heinously, disgustingly overpriced hamburger. Are you paying for atmosphere? Certainly not.  This place is effectively in the middle of a mall. You're paying for Vegas real estate and getting what is, in the world of gourmet hamburgers, pretty darn mediocre food. Save your money for something useful. This place is criminally overpriced for what you get.  They'll charge you for every single add on.
4	Two of my good friends were in town. We had the grandest of intentions of getting all dolled up and hitting the Strip for a Friday full of debauchery. What ended up happening was us, drinking vodka in their hotel room and stumbling for a late dinner at Burger Bar, where we proceeded to stuff our faces so full and then go immediately back to the hotel room to hit the hay. (When did I get so ooooooold?) Anyway, unlike my experience at Holsteins (which I do like better even though I give them both the same star rating)  I did have a boozy milkshake. It was not that impressive. Don't get me wrong, I love a milkshake and I still drank it all, but I wanted it to smack me in the mouth with alcohol, which it did not. Mint chocolate chip with chocolate whipped cream and an alleged mint liqueur for $10.75.I ordered the Hubert Burger. I have a huge admiration for the chef (Public TV FTW) and also inventive recipes, especially those involving blue cheese. Buffalo meat (a hard find... coming from South Dakota where it's everywhere), spinach, caramelized onions, blue cheese and a wine reduction sauce on the side for $22. It was spectacular, though perhaps not the best choice combined with my previously vodka-soaked stomach and liver and the aforementioned boozy milkshake. We also ordered a sauce selection for the table. You're not coming to Burger Bar to save money or to eat healthy, so just do it. White barbecue, basil aioli, truffle mayo, homemade mustard, chipotle aioli were our choices. Loved them all but particularly the truffle mayo and homemade mustard. Mmmmm. The decor and bathrooms are where the stars really plummet for me. Bathrooms are forever away, passing by the back-of-house restaurant rooms on the way. The decor looked like it was schlepped together and doesn't match a $22 burger. However, we really enjoyed our experience and the service was great. I would try it again!
5	Nothing bad to say about this place. The waitress was gorgeous and attentive and we both got their signature bison burgers (named after some chef). It had blue cheese, spinach and was wrapped in ciabatta bread. OMG it was heavenly. I think it was like a $20 burger but it's worth it.We asked what their seasonal Dogfish Head was and when she mentioned Dogfish Head 190, I was hooked. Of course this beer is $15 a glass but it's made once a year! We both splurged and had a helluva lunch.
5	Looooooove the burgers here. Can't go wrong with an angus beef, topped with foie gras and caramelized onions. The aioli is also very good - perfect for dipping or to lightly spread on your burger. As far as sides - they are all pretty good. The fried mac and cheese is over the top.Service is pretty good - quick and attentive. This is a must stop at Vegas!
4	I was in Vegas several years ago and remember having an awesome bacon cheeseburger here. I am in Vegas again on business, and have since given up meat to get healthier/lose weight. Well, Burger Bar has 2 burger options (one vegan, one vegetarian). I ended up getting the vegetarian burger, and it was awesome. Service was really prompt without being too in your face or talkative. I wouldn't have minded a little friendly chit chat, but he at least kept my drink refilled and was friendly enough. I would definitely eat there again.
5	I've had Burger Bar bookmarked after reading an article about the best burgers in the U.S., and finally got the chance to try it during my last Vegas round of shenanigans. My bookmark was for the Rossini burger, the most expensive item here, but I only realized that once I got home. If you're daring enough, give it a try. I see Burger Bar as a fancier version of The Counter. I try to eat as uniquely as possible, so being able to customize my own burger immediately grabbed my attention. You have a choice of 8 meats + 1 veggie, 6 buns, and 46 toppings. If this doesn't satisfy you, nothing will.I ended up getting the following:Lamb Burger "Murquez Style" + Sesame Bun + Cheddar Cheese + Grilled Shrimp + Pesto Sauce Where else can you get a combo like that? Upon first bite, the burger was nothing short of glorious. It's like the Vegas gods flew down from the top of the Mandalay Bay and presented me this burger on a golden platter. At that point of the night, I wasn't even drunk yet but my taste buds sent orgasmic chills throughout my whole body that had me ready to pass out from how delectable this burger was. The ground lamb is seasoned and cooked to perfection and presented to you in a pretty hefty patty. The shrimp are hefty and go together perfectly with the lamb, cheese and pesto. Whoever doesn't believe me needs to give it a try. The bun is perfectly toasted and has a slightly sweet but not distracting taste to it.To top it off, I got the Chocolate Cowboy Milkshake, which consists of whiskey, chocolate ice cream, chocolate, and whipped cream. Simple, yet so delectable. It may be pricey but it comes in such a huge glass that you'll need to summon your friends to finish. This goes perfectly with any burger. I don't care if my cholesterol shot through the roof that night. I'm too young to be thinking about that. As long as your taste buds are happy, your heart will be happy.
5	Deep inside of the Mandalay Bay hotel in the mall area. Star sighting: E Vandor Holyfield (yes his ear was still there) and Karl Malone. ***burger was great, I just tried their normal burger with pepperjack cheese. Beef was flavorful and delcious!  ***deep fried pepperjack ball, I am a fan, super yummy!!A bit pricey but hey it's Vegas, spend your $$ on good food instead of losing it all!
4	Two words: Hubert KellerTheir infamous $60 Wagyu Beef burger topped with premium truffle shavings and foie gras all on a delectable onion bun is worth a one-time try.  Been there a few times and tried other items on their menu, but his Rossini burger is probably the main reason why I would want to come here to eat again.As for appetizers, if you're indecisive like I am, then I would strongly encourage you to order their THE FRY sampler.  It's a decent amount for a party of 2-4 people, and it has a little bit of everything delicious there.They also have a full-bar, so you can definitely pair your meals with a nice cocktail, beer or wine.Good food, casual joint, and nice servers.  PLUS - if you're lucky, the one & only Hubert Keller may be there himself.  So don't be shy to shake his hand and chat with him.  He's a pretty down to earth guy.
5	Oh my! Burger heaven!Last day in Vegas culminated with a dinner at Burger Bar thanks to a suggestion of a co-worker. It was crowded but thankfully we were granted right away without a reservationI  LOVE the idea of constructing your own burger (meat, bun, condiments, sides). I went with the famous Kobe beef on a onion bun with grilled onions, fried egg, avocado, cheddar cheese, bacon (ended up leaving it out, it was taking away from the awesomeness of the burger). They had an extensive list of toppings to chose from.  Our burgers came within 20mn. Huge portion size. The meat was sooooo juicy and flavorful. Also tried the buffalo burger and black angus which were also great.sides to get: truffle mayo, Zucchini fries, sweet potatoe friesWhen you dine here, you leave Vegas with a bang.
3	Very Good burger but overpriced.  The Counter is still Better!
4	Excellent find in the marketplace between Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  Don't settle for pizza or other quick and easy options....eat the good stuff!Definitely worth checking out.  Amazing beer selection.Buffalo burger was well prepared.  Bottom bun was soggy.  They should provide a second bottom bun or allow the juices to settle prior to serving.
5	Truly outstanding burgers and a great selection of beersThe best burger in Vegas at a reasonable price.  Truly stellar meat - I chose the mid-grade USDA prime 'Naturesource' - combined with a great potato bun and fresh toppings to make a perfect, perfect burger.   It didn't hurt that they knew how to make a 'rare' burger - it was warm yet still red inside with a nice char on the outside.  The skinny fries were hot and crisp and the beers were excellent - an ale and a fairly obscure stout.The place is often packed - I chose to eat at the bar instead of waiting for a table.  I'm usually a bit leery of eating at the bar....but the bartender was excellent.  She was obviously used to people eating at the bar and knew how to give sufficient attention to someone needing both food and drink.As the evening wore on (I was waiting for a late show) I tried the pepper jack cheese shots.  I still don't know how much I liked them - they were crispy on the outside and nicely spicy but the inside consistency was kind of like a cheesy, potato-y, croquette.  I bit weird...yet yummy.
5	Gourmet build-a-burger, zucchini fries, Alcoholic milkshakes? Are you kidding me?! This is burgers all grown up!Hubert Keller's Burger Bar is know for the Rossini: Wagyu kobe beef, sauteed foie gras, shaved truffles, madeira sauce on an onion bun. At a whooping $60, it is the cheapest burger on the Top 10 Most Expensive Burger list (the most expensive being the Douche Burger at $666).I love foie gras, and since it was outlawed in CA (damn you), Vegas is my closest foie gras fix, of course I had to get it. Have to admit, the burger did not look impressive at all, I was on the verge of a huge disappointment until I took that first bite, and I was sold! Worth every penny! ok maybe not every penny, but def worth a one time try. Tender, sumptuous, juicy, luscious texture. Oh My GAWD! Comes with a side of seasalt and course ground pepper so you can season it to your own liking.At $60 they also throw in dessert, I got the chocolate burger: krispy creme donut, chocolate and nutella patty, kiwi slices, strawberry, and caramel to look like cheese. I was really full at that point so I didn't eat it, but it looks way cool!
5	I can't believe I haven't left a review for this place before. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I get the Kobe burger every time. It's one of the best burgers I've ever had and comes out perfect every time. Prices are reasonable too. Everyone I've recommended this place to loved it. Even my sister who is a vegetarian found something she liked. Service is good. I usually sit at the bar and watch a game or SportsCenter. The atmosphere is great. It's in Mandalay Place which is also the walkway/mall that connects Mandalay Bay and Luxor. I go here almost every time I go to Vegas.
4	Oh so expensive.. .and worth every penny!  Four adults with four customized buffalo burgers, a shake, 2 side salads, fries, zucchini and two sodas cost a little over $110.Where else can you go to get a delicious buffalo burger?  Its not something we do everyday,  but we looked forward and planned ahead for this.Deliberately with a try!  I would add pictures but the phone died.. .maybe next year I'll easier for my phone to charge.
5	I got stuck facing the a$$ crack a Vegas douchenozzle while here. Despite the view, I licked my plate clean without skipping a beat.Now THAT'S a burger!!!P.S. Pull up your pants, buster. For f*ck's sake................
1	A-holes.  We called to see if we needed a reservations and they said no.  We said we'll be right over.  This was at 22:45 at night.  We took a cab, got there within 15 min and they told us the kitchen was closed.  Ummm, information you could have shared when we called 15 minutes earlier.  I had to spend 10 days in Vegas for work.  I sure as hell didn't go back and neither did my colleagues.
5	We LOVE the Burger Bar and it's a must visit during our Las Vegas trips. Last time we went we had a group of 6 and know that groups are always a challenge for servers. However our very friendly and helpful server got it ALL right and when we asked for the mayo we'd forgotten to order she promptly delivered it cheerfully to us. Several of us tried the peppercorn burger, it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Food was hot, cooked correctly, served in a timely manner. We didn't leave a scrap!
5	My husband and I love this place! Their food is amazing and we always have such great servers. I have never been disappointed!
5	Try the beer float paddle. Needs chipotle aoli for the sweet potato fries,
4	good food at a decent price (for Vegas)good location in between Mandalay Bay and Luxor/Excaliburgreat selection and really diverse burgers!
5	Fabulous burger and shake! My waitress actually liked her job - and it showed   A bit of a wait to get in - but right across from Burger Bar is Lush - the best natural bath products in the world.
4	3.5 stars.I ordered the Black Jack burger, which came with monterey jack and tapenade on a ciabatta bun. I absolutely loved the bun, but didn't care much for the tapenade. The fries it came with were so addicting. Try the white BBQ sauce, which is just BBQ sauce and mayo mixed together. I ordered the Chocolate Burger to take back to the hotel. Oh, man. One of the best decisions I made while in Vegas. Warm donut "bun," Nutella mousse "patty," passion fruit jelly "cheese," kiwi "pickles," and strawberry "tomatoes." It even came with a side of raspberry sauce, but I didn't bother using that... as you could expect, the "burger" was already sweet as is. But definitely order this if you love sweets! Very cute and very tasty.I'll have to come back to Burger Bar on my next trip to Vegas and try a different burger, or make my own. The shakes also looked and sounded really great. Very affordable dinner for Vegas, especially for a restaurant owned by a celebrity chef!
4	Heard about this place from the bf time and time again and told it is a must.   Went here as first meal in Vegas.   Had the regular bacon burger (i am too lazy to create my own). Burger had a nice flavor and was cooked perfectly.  Fries were skinny and crispy.   Bf had burger with egg on it.   He will give this place 5 stars.   Was a good burger but have had other good burgers.  Dessert was delicious.  Krispy creme donut with cheescake with fresh pineapple's and starwberries in the middle.   I highly recommend this!  Great beer selection too!  Would go back again for sure.
5	if you are into burgers and beer this is the place! my wife and i have been going to this eatery for the past seven years and have yet to be dissapointed. the burgers are freshly ground on site and you can choose from kobe, buffalo, black angus and they are cooked to order. there sides are awesome including the jalepeno bacon, fresh ground mustard, fries, etc.the service is always "spot on" and we usually sit in erins section who is the best waitress in vegas! check it out for a great meal at reasonable prices!
2	Ate there last night after seeing Criss Angel.  The hostess was rather rude when we asked if we could have a booth. I would have left right then but my husband was dying to try their burgers. He enjoyed it but said it was not really worth the price.  I ordered the Cobb salad. It was drenched in balsamic dressing that so over powered the meal it should have been called the vinegar salad.  Had the potential to be a great salad but wrong dressing choice and WAY too much of it!   When I asked the waitress about the dressing she rudely said..." that is how its made here",  with no offer to correct it.  I would not eat there again.
4	Great burgers and boozy shakes! I had the lamb buger which was fantastic, and my husband ate the kobe beef which was perfect. Great service, especially since we had a party of 12.
4	Pretty much foolproof when it comes to taking visiting family or larger out-of-town groups here. The combinations and permutations of bread, burger, toppings, fries, sides and drinks are a true something-for-everyone, and the game is always on - TVs in the booths and a string of TVs above the bar. Even the relatively long hike to the back-access-hallway bathroom provides a good excuse to take a necessary break from the action.Adding a fried egg to any burger is my favorite, and the zucchini fries are a great fry alternative. The perfect place to try mixing Tabasco with Ketchup if you've never done it before. The basic Angus beef burger patty is baseline great. The NatureSource beef patty is a few bucks more and tastes marginally healthier. Both cook up fine & juicy Medium Well if you're E-coli-conscious. The 'Kobe' beef patty comes out tasting kind of oily, so not my fave. The Lamb Burger is a solid choice, as are the Turkey Burger and the Chicken Sandwich. If it ain't right, this place is eager to make it right. Just speak up!You really can't go wrong here. But try to go at off-times for little or no wait. (Primetime weekend lunch/dinner can be about a 30min wait.) The bar stools are first-come-first-served.
5	Oh how I love this place.I felt bad because I ordered the wings this time (burger sinner!) but they were still great.Very good beer selection.This place is always a go when we're in Vegas.
4	I was here 4 of 6 nights, 1 night appetizers, 3 nights burgers & fries. Given that I went 4 times, I obviously like this place. The buffalo burger was excellent: moist, juicy, and properly seasoned. The lamb was good, perhaps too much cumin for my taste, but I definitely preferred the buffalo. The complimentary tomato, onion, pickle, and lettuce was always of excellent quality.I always had ciabatta rolls, which stayed intact but yet had an easy to chew consistency. I always had my burgers with smoked gouda or cheddar cheese. My sides were regular or sweet fries and spiced ketchup. Definitely get the spiced ketchup, which is so much better than the Heinz variety. As usual, I ordered wheat beer on tap for drinks.This place is not cheap. My individual tab ranged from $33 - $43, including tax & tip. But this is the strip and the burgers were some of the best I ever had. Normally I would balk at paying such prices, but I accept that the combination of location & quality mandate this.
5	Another perfect night at Burger Bar...I don't bother writing additional reviews for restaurants I frequent fairly often (once every few months), but I found a winning combination I would like to pass onto fellow yelpers...Because the Black Angus burger is so juicy and cooked to perfection EVERY time, I very rarely splurge for the Waygu...But this allows some extra spending money towards all the toppings to be desired!  I've tried the lobster (good but the combination doesn't do much for me), and most of the dressings and tops....but tonight I tried the Foie Gras!The Foie Gras is soooo savory...almost too much in fact on its own IMO, but when combined with a super juicy medium rare burger, the stars align and bliss is ensued.  I don't know why they work so well together, but if you like foie gras, you owe it to yourself to try it on the burger.  I, in fact, had small reservations about trying it with the burger...thought it would be mismatched....I was happily proven wrong.I topped it off with a peppercorn cream sauce, and it filled in the gaps of an amazing meal.You can't go wrong here...seriously.  I have never had bad service, wrong orders, or food cooked without perfection.Don't forget the Nutella shake!!!  One of my all time best foods I have ever consumed!
4	The skinny fries were awesome! Crispy with just enough salt. I had the sliders which were good, but I don't suggest them for those who prefer their meat well cooked. The sliders are all cooked MEDIUM with no substitutions allowed. My husband ordered the All American burger which was delicious! I will order that next time.
3	Beer selection was a great surprise.  We ordered medium-rare burgers and they were quite good.  We had to do the dessert burger and that was fun.  Overall, it was nice but not quite what I had hoped for.  Was OK.
5	I love their food here, the service is always excellent, the drinks are always good! I mean you can't really ask for more right?!?!!? If your at the Mandalay Bay or THEhotel, it's almost a must!!!
4	Did the Black Angus burger with Gouda, carmalized onions and the spicy ketchup, a nice combination.   Above average beer selection, nice that they had a cooler full of different Dogfish Head varities.  Would have given 5 stars but bartended was pretty slow and forgot my beer order a few times.
5	This is a review only for their happy hour.  Between 2 of my girlfriends and I, we ordered all the appetizers on the HH menu and a drink each.  As for drinks, 2 of us had the Summertime Splash which had gin in it and 1 of us had the Strawberry Mojito.  Both drinks were very yummy and I don't even like gin usually.  We could hardly taste the alcohol, so we asked the bartender if there was a lot of alcohol and he said yes.  He actually added an extra shot of alcohol in our drink after we said that, but honestly, I enjoyed the original much better.  Needless to say, the bartender and the other servers were all very friendly.For the HH menu, there was a truffled grilled cheese sandwich, burger sliders, pulled pork sliders and buffalo wings.  Every item was good.  The meat in the sliders was moist and flavorful.  My favorite was the buffalo wings.  It was not the traditional saucy buffalo wing that you might picture.  They were prepared with a dry rub, but was not at all tough or dry.  It was the best buffalo wings I've ever had.I definitely recommend this place and would love to go back the next time I'm in Vegas again.
2	I got the salmon burger and the burger was weak. I got it medium rare with no additional toppings, but regret not adding some. The burger was regular size, the toppings that were included: onions, tomatoes, lettuce were flavorless and didn't do much to the burger once added. I used my friends aoli sauce to try to add flavor to the burger, some salt and pepper, but in the end it was still flavorless.The burger was $11 bucks and didn't even come with fries! weeeeakkk.We were still hungry so we ordered their mac and cheese croquettes, which turned out hella weak too! I was imagining big chucks of mac and cheese in little balls, but they looked like triangles and the mac and cheese were the small baby kind.I probably wouldn't hit this spot up again.
4	This place just looks awesome from the outside. I have heard awesome things about this place and deicied to check it out with my wife. This place is a nice place for a group of drunk friends. they have a really good selection of burgers and fries. The customer service is really friendly and cheerful. The burger itself was amazing! The only problem I had was they charged my wife and I two dollars just to split it. But great foodl. Go here. Oh yeah they have small tvs in the booth,how cool is that.
4	My wife and I came here for lunch while in town for our honeymoon. The place was fairly crowded, but we chose to sit at the bar (I never mind doing this at a burger place, because the service always seems to be faster). My wife had already grabbed sushi earlier, so this meal was all me. I spotted the Spicy Lamb Burger in the bottom corner of the menu, and was not disappointed. The combination of spicy ketchup, perfect medium rare lamb, so thick my wife had trouble taking a bite, and the soft ciabatta bun (most places have ciabatta that's too crunchy for me), made for a wonderful lunch. The fries were done well, but not superior to other fries I've had. I was so full from the burger that I forgot to order a Nutella shake for desert. Our bartender was friendly, we talked Halloween costumes (my wife had just picked up a sailor outfit and tutu at Frederick's, right across the way from Burger Bar). My only complaint is that I had asked for a Coca-Cola, the only have Pepsi, so I ordered a Sprite and was brought... a Pepsi. Barely a complaint at all, I didn't bother correcting the order, but a tiny bit irritating. The food came exactly as ordered however, so it was a good experience overall.
4	For food quality to dollar value, it's hard to do better than this place. You can't go wrong with any of the burgers or my personal favorite, the pulled pork sliders. I'd gladly pay double for this level of food elsewhere. Plus - the staff is phenomenal. Incredibly attentive. It's my go-to place in Vegas. (Especially if I've had a tough day at the craps tables.)
4	Solid beer selection. Limited menu for those not looking for a burger, but I'd expect that. Burgers are good but pricey. I went with the sliders and they weren't over cooked. They know what a medium burger should be. Kind of cramped. You may wait for seating
4	It is an Hubert Keller restaurant in the mall next to Mandalay Bay (you can access from the inside of the hotel).  He has several other restaurants there but this one was more casual and sounded delicious after a night out.  Their Nutella milkshake is AHHH-mazing!  No really.  Their burgers are quite tasty and plentiful and I really recommend the fat (steak) fries and the sweet potato fries.  And the pesto aioli?! MMMMM MMMMMMMM good!
4	Hands down my favorite burger place it it does come with a price. The Kobe beef medium rare is my FAVORITE!!!!!! they have sweet potatoes fries and skinny fries too!!! They also have great zucchini fries. The service is always good even if you sit at the bar but it can get pretty packed so make sure you go before 7pm and you can usually get a booth right away but durning rush it can be like an hour or more wait AND YOU CAN'T MAKE RESERVATIONS.....so annoying especially if its an hour or more wait!
2	The bf and I stopped in for lunch on a Saturday; arguably one of their busiest times. We were told 10 min. wait for a table for 2. 50 minutes later, we're still standing there (why? not sure...) and watching 2 tables open, 3 tables open, 5 tables open... when we were eventually seated, we counted 10 open tables!! In what crazy place do you take a list and leave 10 TABLES OPEN?!When we finally were seated, our waitress was sweet and the service was quick. Our food was okay. I thought the zucchini fries were a lovely addition, but there were far too many for me to consume.All in all? There are better places where the wait is shorter.
5	I LOVE this place. and when I say love, I say that with complete honestly. Everything I have had here is simply amazing. Let's start the long list:- Macaroni & Cheese Croquets: Fried Macaroni & Cheese. Do you really need to ask why this is so amazing? - Zuchini Fries: Yum. I'm always looking for something different than the standard fries. These always hit the spot- Fat AND Skinny Fries: I really like that they give you a choice, cause I feel like everyone has a preference!- Buffalo Burger: Flarvorful, Juicy, something DIFFERENT than the standard Angus- Lamb Burger: The spices they use really bring out the flavor of the lamb. It's the perfect amount of spicy. Again, something different that actually competes with the angus- Angus: Great quality of meat!! Flavorful, juicy, and always cooked just the way you order it. I perfer mine Medium, with a little pink, and it's always perfect!I also like that you can build your burger with whatever sounds good that day. I love blue cheese and bacon, with the aioli. The caramelized onions, or simply how it come. OH, and the ciabatta bun is what I always put it on. Chewy, soft, and toasted. Always compliments the burgers to perfection.AND the BEST THING TO ORDER HERE HANDS DOWN.... Drum roll please....THE SALTED CARAMEL MILKSHAKE. Yes, save room, cause this is what I always want to come here for! OMG, split it with your table, or keep it to yourself, either way this is my favorite thing ever. I'm drooling just thinking about it. Creamy milkshake, salty goodness to balance it out, the sweetness from the caramel. 'nuff said.
3	Oh burger bar, the love hate I have with you. I love the big juicy burgers. I love Kobe or even the natural source. Love the fry sampler. Love the spicy ketchup. But hate hate how you charge for everything. How can I get a burger and not want to put everything you have available on it. And then slowly cry while I consume the most delicious $30 burger I ever had
4	Great burgers!!  Had the Black Jack Burger & was soooo good.  Try it or build your own.
4	My wife and I have been here four times now, twice as tourists and twice as locals. We've watched the menu evolve and grow, and had (mostly) successful visits.Each time I end up getting a wagyu burger with a bunch of elaborate toppings and all three sauces from Keller's other restaurant at Mandalay, Fleur de Lys. It's an epic feast and hits the spot every time.One notable exception was a couple of years ago when we came an hour before 2 a.m. closing. At that hour, the service was weak and the food seemed cold. Otherwise, they cook it a solid medium rare each time - something that a lot of other hamburger places have trouble with.Solid hamburgers, with quality ingredients, at strip prices. And if you get lucky you'll see Hubert himself walking around.
3	After researching for the best burger place in Vegas, I finally settled on Burger Bar and the hubby and I were both somewhat disappointed. Burgers were cooked as we ordered them but I felt like mine was dry and he agreed. Fries were pretty tasty and my milkshake was very good. Not sure what all the fuss is about. I much preferred Strip Burger!It was nice to have a little tv at our booth to watch some ESPN, but that's about all the great things I have to say about it!
4	We came here for the burgers and they were good but not the best we have had. They do have an awesome variety of beers including Prohibition and Stone from our local area of San Diego. We went to watch the Monday night football game and don't recommend it. I would go to a different place to watch games. But food was good and beer was also.
2	After a lot of the great reviews, I had much higher hopes.Our service was really poor. The restaurant was 85-95% full at the tables, but there were seats at the burger bar. The server was slow to get around to take our order and just didn't seem like she wanted to be there or help us.The zucchini fries were just okay. People were really all about them in reviews, but the breading wasn't much more than basic bar provolone stick breading. A few times the zucchini inside just slipped out leaving a sheath of uninteresting breading. Not awesome. The sweet potato fries were very good and the mac n cheese bites were good, but I seriously think it was just Kraft mac n cheese that was fried. That's not a complaint because I have a nostalgic fondness for that, and I have to say at least it was full of mac n cheese. Some fried mac n cheese I've had (like at state fairs) is mostly just breading.For my burger, I was very undecided. I went with the natural source beef with brie, the red wine reduction sauce, mushrooms, and carmelized onions. It was appetizing and filling, but the bottom of my bun deteriorated. I went with the plain bun; maybe others are more substantial. I ended up eating the last half of my burger with a fork. Medium is more like medium rare. This doesn't bother me, but FYI in case you expect your burgers to be more cooked through.  The TV in our booth was not in our control, though the server did get the staff to change it. The TV was beat up with a good 20% section of poor/damaged pixels.Our milkshake was the best part.Not the worst meal I've had, but not good enough to make me come back.
2	Was not impressed by anything here. We sat at the bar because of the long wait for a table, fries were decent but the burger tasted like charcoal and was expensive to boot. There are far better places to get a burger in Vegas!
3	Friend: I know this fantastic Burger spot when we get to Vegas... YOU HAVE TO TRY THE KOBE BEEF!!!us: Always up for good place to eat.... Got to the Burger Bar... got seated after a good 30 min wait.. Staff was nice, the place was clean, floor is too slippery, girls with slippery shoes be careful!!! (no I didnt fall)Started to look at the menu.. Friend: Dont even bother looking at the menu, YOU HAVE TO EAT THE KOBE BEEF BURGER!!Me: Ya I will, just want to see what else they have.. Friend: NO! makes no difference, we are ALL eating the kobe beef burger!Me: *ignoring him* *continue looking at the menu*Friend to his gf: I will order for all us... we all HAVE TO eat the kobe beef burger... Me: getting annoyed at this point.. almost not wanting to eat that... Friend: Cynthia I'll order for you!Me: not saying anything... waitress: you guys ready?Friend: we'll all have the Kobe Beef Burger, cooked medium!!!!Me: umm... make that 2 Kobe beef burgers and 2 chicken sandwiches (me and the person I was with)... Chicken sandwich was great... and I am no longer friends with the Friend.. he did not like someone not letting him have control over their choices!!! Oh well...
5	This place is amazing- simply. Their veggie burger is awesome! It doesn't fall apart when you pick it up, and it's not soggy. The flavor of it is very nice and filling. The sweet potato fries are the best I have ever had- a lot of places do not know, or care, to make a great sweet potato fry. I got the Nutella milkshake and it was soooo good! Not only that but I have dreams of their burger desserts: the first one is a Nutella patty on a donut bun with passion fruit gelatin, kiwi and strawberries- the second is a donut bun with a cheesecake custard and pineapple slice (it tastes like an pineapple upside down cake). It can get VERY pricey if you don't watch what you are doing. You can build your own burger and shake if you want, but BEWARE- it will be more expensive to do so than if you go with their featured foods. Example: the Nutella milkshake was 7.00 (all milkshakes are, but for the Salted Caramel which is 8.75), if I wanted to make my own the ice cream to start with is listed as 7.00. Syrups and toppings range from 30 cents to 1 dollar. Add whip cream? 1 more dollar. Liquor? WAAAAY more than a dollar. So, unless you feel like raking out nearly twenty bucks, go with one of their featured shakes.
5	Four of us went here and had a great time.  What really impressed me was that our waitress (Harmony) and the manager (Randy) really understand taking care of customers.  They brought our appetizers but forgot to bring the sauces.  They gave us a free drink and more appetizers.  I had the buffalo burger and it was really good.
4	Before our semiannual HR happy hour, we all decided to come to Burger Bar for dinner.  If you're looking for a very versatile burger joint, this place offers just that!I love the space :-)  It's located on the way to Mandalay Place and offers a lot of seating!  The two toned walls and low lighting offer a very intimate setting for any type of party.  The back light on both bars and marble table tops really makes this place feel high end.  I really like the menu.  They have everything, for the vegetarian appetite, the vegan appetite and of course the carnivore appetite.  Tonight I got that grilled chicken Caesar salad for $8.50 + $3.50.  Super affordable for being on the strip!  I also got the Miller Lite pint for $5.75.  I thought the Miller Lite was a little stale but still did the trick.  My salad, though, was on point!  Romaine hearts, shaved Parmesan cheese, croutons and of course, tossed with Caesar dressing.  The dressing was lightly coated, not too powerful.  The Parmesan cheese was thinly shaved and packed a nice punch!  The croutons were in long strips of crusted toast, which you would crumble over the salad.  I thought the chicken was grilled perfectly!  It was seasoned well and they gave A LOT!  Definitely a must try, even if you're not a burger enthusiast.  If you are, you'll be in heaven!  Dress up, dress down it doesn't matter.  Prices are affordable and will certainly put a smile on your face!
5	Yes it was pricey Bui had to try that burger. The Kobe one. Juicy melt in your mouth one that came with a donut burger dessert that was sweet and tart at the same time. I would eat it again. Delicious.
5	We picked this restaurant with the intention to have a casual meal on Friday night before a "fancy" dinner Saturday night. We LOVED the Burger Bar. Everyone ordered something different and everyone finished their entire plate. We loved the option to build your own burger, my husband ordered the surf and turf burger and said it was the best burger he has ever had and trust me he has had many. We ordered the fry sampler with onion rings, steak fries and fried zucchini and we enjoyed them all. The best thing about the restaurant was the huge beer selection, my husband loves dogfish head beer and they had a large selection available at the bar for $5 dollars I think until 7 when happy hour ended. The server was very attentive and friendly, they seated 8 of us immediately on a Friday night and were patient when we all had questions about the menu. We will go back!
5	I was introduced to this place by a friend while i lived in vegas for almost a decade. Located inside Mandalay Bay it is in their upstairs shopping area and has a great atmosphere. Service was great and booths are nice and roomy and four of us adults sat comfortably in there.Burgers were great as were the sides and drinks. I ordered a custom made burger which does add up when you start piling on things like pineapple and different cheeses. Also added some foie gras to my burger which was delish.The only gripe i have which i assume has nothing to do with the restaurant itself is that Yelp* has this as a $$ which i think it should be a $$$ considering there cheapest burger is in the $19 range. Other than that i have always had a great experience there and now that i live out of state Burger Bar is a must whenever i go to Las Vegas which is usually twice a year.
4	I have been to Burger Bar in San Francisco and really enjoyed our meal there, so I was hoping that the Las Vegas location would be just as good.  I met my husband here for lunch since he was attending a conference at Mandalay Bay.  I got there a bit early to secure a table during what was a very busy lunch crowd!  I only had to wait about 20 minutes which wasn't bad at all, but I did get there before noon so I think that helped.  I ordered the Pepperjack Cheese shots to start, which were little fried balls of spicy cheese yumminess.  We had dinner reservations at a steakhouse later that evening, so we both veered away from the typical burger menu... my husband had the lamb burger which was delicious if you are a lamb lover.  Very flavorful.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich (yeah I know, I know, but I just couldn't stomach anymore beef) and it was surprisingly juicy and delicious!  You can select your own toppings (although you pay for everything besides lettuce, tomato, and onion) so I chose sauteed spinach and truffle mayonnaise.  Oh the mayo... I wanted to lick the cup it was so good.  Fat fries with spicy ketchup completed the meal.  For dessert we split a milkshake with peanut butter, chocolate, and Baileys... very rich and delicious.  All in all, we really enjoyed our meal and our server was great too.  We would definitely go back to Burger Bar!
3	Had lunch here last week on my trip to Las Vegas.  It was very good.  We had to wait a few minutes for them to clear off a booth, but it was not a big hassle.  The restaurant was very busy.  Our booth had a TV mounted in it, and that was cool. You had no control over the station, however.  It was on ESPN and that was fine with me and my husband.I had a create your own burger with naturesource ground beef and added some toppings.  It was very good.  I had sweet potato fries.  We could have shared one order of fries but I wanted Sweet Potato and my DH did not.  He had the create your own burger with a lamb burger, blue cheese and jalapenos.  He loved his burger. The service was good, nothing stellar, but it was fine.  We both had beers with lunch and all in all it was a good experience.
2	Over this place was VERY disappointing.  I went in with high expectations for delicious hamburgers and left feeling unsatisfied. lets first start off with the horrible customer service.we we're sat at a table and I asked the server if we could possibly be seated at the booth he rudely  said  those we we're being saved for larger parties.  After looking around and saw that they weren't very busy I thought that wasn't right. Our waiter then disappeared when I looked around the place I notice most people we're still waiting and that multiple servers we're just standing huddled up conversations. All in all very disappointed!
4	Great burger place and good portions, definitely filled me up. I forget which burger I ate but I do remember the dipping sauce that they had on the side. It really complimented the burger, along with the big onion rings, it was a great meal.On the plus side, they have a TV mounted on the wall with ESPN, Burgers a beer and ESPN, really can't go wrong with that combo.
4	Booze, boobs and burgers are all found at The Burger Bar on the second floor in a mall atmosphere. Price of burgers start from 9.50 to 23 dollars. If you like milkshakes you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't go here.A regular angus beef burger costs 9.50 while a Hubert Keller burger is 22. Carmelized onions and bleu cheese are that big of a mark up? They place it on a ciabatta bread that is extremely fluffy and not chewy so that's a plus. Next time I'll order the angus beef and put 3 cheeses on it and get some spf's next time. The quality of meat is fine. The buns are spectacular. Went back on another occasion and tried the Kobe beef burger. It didn't stand out like I thought it would. Still, you can't go wrong eating here.Great service. All the girls have something attractive for everyone and come in different varieties while wearing a small top and yoga pants. You have the blonde athletic type, the very skinny and perky asian, the curvy alternative gal, the drop dead gorgeous latina with caramel skin and big, curly highlighted hair and a big, curvy butt in an extra tight shirt. I fell in love with this particular girl and tried not to look at her so much during my stay. This girl was bad ass. She is making some lucky guy out there really happy. Once you see a highlight like that at a restaurant I believe my taste buds take a back seat. You should go. For the food of course. It can get busy so watch out for the hours and wait time. It can get noisy and they can sometimes play grating music.
1	After waiting half hour, checking in with our 1 year old son and  6 year daughter's pasta in our hand, they told us when seating us that our children are not allowed to eat outside food.  The food was bought right next door at the pasta place.  What place does not allow a baby to have their own food?  To make things worst, I explained to the restaurant that my daughter was special needs and all the manager could throw at me was health code violations.  This restaurant clearly has no respect for ADA.
3	Burger Bar is a small burger chain by French chef Hubert Keller.  This place is basically a higher scale build-your-own burger restaurant where just about every ingredient costs some extra money.  What you see here is the Australian wagyu beef patty with swiss cheese and fois gras on top.  Yep, a fat piece of fois gras on top.  The burger was cooked medium and was very juicy.  In fact, it was soaking juicy which caused the bun to to be way too wet.  The fois gras by itself tasted creamy but was hardly seasoned.  When paired with the wagyu burger, it absolutely did not mix at all.  It was like eating a big piece of fat.  All in all, I thought it was just an OK burger joint due to the price, but it's definitely a decent lunch spot if you're in Las Vegas.
5	Just ate at Burger Bar. I had a Kobe burger rare with pepper bacon Monterey Jack, avacado and a fried egg. It was amazing. We also drank a bottle Justin Isosceles Reserve Wine ( there was no corkage ). This is the best burger in Vegas.
3	We went there at the recommendation of a local friend who loved this place, but we left there just kind of feeling "meh" about the whole experience.First, the good: There were a lot of options for our burgers, in terms of selection of ingredients, toppings, etc.  You can even build your own burger with just about as many things as you could want in or on it, truly making your own masterpiece of a burger.  There are a ton of side options, too, and you can even get a sampler of different types of fries, tater tots and even fried mac & cheese bites.And the dulce de leche martini that I had was to die for.... It was the perfect blend of alcohol and sweetness to me!Then there's the not so good: The place is ridiculously loud to where even with a 3/4 enclosed booth with high walls separating us from patrons at the next table over, we still could barely hear anything through all the music and noise.  I had the Hubert Keller burger, which as others have reviewed, is over $20.  Yes, I get that this is considered a somewhat "high end" gourmet restaurant, but for 20+ dollars, I expect that burger to sing in my mouth with flavor and texture, and what I got was a very generic burger that tasted overwhelmingly of the carmelized onions and slightly stale ciabatta bread.  The other burgers that our friends had were good, but again, no one reported that it was anything spectacular that made it worth the premium we were paying for what was essentially burgers and fries.  So in the end, it was a decent food experience, but unless our local friend insists on going, it probably won't be on our radar on our next trip to Vegas.
2	2 stars: Meh. I've experienced better.Nothing is as polarizing as the simple hamburger.There's so many different arguments that can be made as to what makes the best burger. Simple and cheap at some stand that's been around since the turn of the century? Gourmet and requiring a credit application to order at a celebrity chef's latest brainchild? And every single combination and permutation in between. Hubert Keller is kind of accomplished in the same way one would say Matisse was a good painter, or Larry Bird was a good shot with a basketball. With that kind of resume, comes a certain amount of pressure to perform. And that's my fundamental issue with Burger Bar.It's been around for a while now, and it's definitely on its way down.I've been here more than a few times, and after the novelty of the Rossini burger wore off, including texting pictures of the receipt to prove my street cred, and the novelty of making a few custom burgers - ooh, i can choose from different grades of meat, that are all pretty good, and don't really make a substantial difference once ground up and seasoned, to 99.97% of eaters,  this place strikes me as a big buck version of Fuddruckers that happens to have a celebrity chef endorsement. Seriously. Think about it. They both offer hamburgers with different grades of beef. They both offer burgers with different types of meat.They both offer customized toppings.They both offer multiple types of fries.They both have milkshakes and floats.They both serve beer.They both cost more than in & out. The last 2-3 times I went to Burger Bar, the service has been mediocre and delivered with absentee-level attention. The food has been inconsistent as well, and what kind of irked me the most recent time was that I created a spicy burger, and when I told the waitress that there weren't enough jalapeno's, she brought me a thimble sized cup with more sliced peppers, and I found an extra charge for them on my bill. Seriously? You're charging $14 bucks for a burger and you want to put another $0.85 cents on my tab because I mentioned that the burger didn't have enough jalapenos on it when it came out of the kitchen? Some nerve. There are so many other burger spots and so many other celebrity chefs in Vegas with burger spots that this place is completely irrelevant at this point. Unless you are here to try the Rossini on an expense account meal, don't bother.
5	Hubert is a classy chef! I had nothing but high expectations for his food, especially his burger. I have seen his over the top, expensive burger in his other restaurant, I just knew he would be able to pull it off. After just having two over priced dry sliders at Holsteins Burgers, I did not want to consume any more beef. I was surprised Burger Bar offered a salmon burger. I ordered it cooked well done, which worried me, I believed it would be dry flaky salmon. When the burger arrived, to my surprise the salmon steak was very thick. I was expecting more of a salmon patty. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned, I dove right in. I ordered it with garlic aioli, spinach, and avocados. The bread was the perfect thickness to contain the juiciness of the salmon. The fries were also amazing, fresh and lightly seasoned. Nothing like Holstein's potato twigs. To add the the amazing food, the service was spot on. The server was attentive and polite. There was absolutely nothing wrong with his restaurant. I could find no critique. I would be happy to go again and have a different burger and try one of his shakes. I did not get to try a shake because I had a Mai tai, which tasted very sweet and then punched you with the rum.
3	Ate here a few months ago... we were looking for a good burger place in Vegas and thought we couldn't go wrong here, turns out we should have probably just jumped in the car and went to In & Out instead. The burgers were just "ok" and definitely not anything to rave about. At least at In & Out, we would have gotten our money worth...Hubby got the Kobe & bison burgers, I got a trio of three sliders and all of them weren't that great. My husband kept adding more salt for flavor & mine were mediocre. Oh well, next time we know to opt for somewhere better & cheaper to save us more $$ for beers!
5	ok hubby was craving burger so I yelp but that morning I was watching TV and they were talking about this place so perfect, the wait is long but of course if bar available you go ahead, the prizes might scared you the most expensive burger is $60, hubby order the Hubert ke that one is $22, I order a caramel latte so good $9.25,and I order the vegas vegan it was big but good also the salad the wedge so good only thing is that I don't like blue cheese but hubby said that it taste better with it. so if you want to eat burget it here just remember is $$$$$
4	We went here because it was on our way to Mandalay Bay. Burgers, and fries, where could you go wrong? To me it was like a sports bar minus the awkwardness if you don't know every single player on every team. What I remember most is the...wait for it,...Nutella Burger. Yes, you heard me right. I know, I was confused when I saw it on the dessert menu. I was even more confused when it was placed in front of me. It is served  as a warm donut (Krispy Kreme-style), Nutella mousse patty, passion-fruit gelatin (fake cheese -NOT from a can), fresh strawberries and kiwi slices (fake pickles). Even as I ate it my mind was confused: It was delicious, but it's a burger..but it's not..it's supposed to be meaty...not sweet..wut? Yum.
4	Burger Bar is located in the Mandalay Place shopping area, between the Mandalay Bay and Luxor hotels.  The restaurant features a super long full bar with lots of flat screens to watch games and events.  There are lots of tables and booths to dine at.The cool thing about Burger Bar, is your ability to create YOUR burger.  Meat (5 different ones) buns and every topping you can imagine and cooked to order.  I recommend ordering their onion rings.  To die for with a side of ranch.  Cant go wrong and the atmosphere is upbeat.  Perfect way to start a great evening off in VEGAS!!!!
3	I was expecting something amazing as I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay.  The food was good but my burger came out wrong twice.  First time it was missing a topping and second time it came out welldone when I asked for Medium.  The server and manager were apolgetic and the burger still tasted good.  They had a great beer selection and our server was very knowledgable.
4	Nice burgers, high priced, A good burger with good meat off the BBQ is just as good! A restaurant with all the choices for sauces, vodkas, scotches, beers and yellow mustard or dijon only! No spicy mustard and I want spicy mustard! enough of that rant.  Burger very good, fries very good, staff very very nice, all in all, do it once and you decide!
4	While in Vegas during Christmas, we didn't want the buffet or any hotel restaurant.  I wanted a Burger with a good beer.The staff was friendly and there was a lot of varieties with Burgers and Shakes.  We ordered our food and it was out within 10 minutes. The next time we're in town and on the strip, we'll be making a pit stop here.
4	Fantastic burgers, excellent service, I don't think my glass of ice tea went below half.
1	Ok selection of beers. The menu looks ok, but after being at the bar for twenty minutes, and watching the bartenders ignore my party, serve folks that were seated after us, and be chatty with each other, we were done. As Mr. Pink would say, busy isn't a word that should be in a servers dictionary. When the server finally came by, we settled up our bar tab and we went elsewhere to eat. Shame, too, because the jalapeno bacon sounded good. But the bar tenders' attitude made it easy.Won't be back. Was looking forward to a good burger place in LV, guess I'll keep on looking.
5	This Burger Bar is much better than the one in Union Square, San Francisco.Kobe - med rareSeared Foie GrasPotato BunBlack Truffle SauceNo fries.Burger cooked perfect and piping hot.  Sauce as well.Awesome flavors, blended so good.
5	Wow, This place is awesome. I went to the one in SF and the food was great but this one has such a great vibe and atmosphere. They have a huge beer list that I love and the SHAKES are awesome and the kids loved them. I had asparagus, prosciuto and a fried egg on my burger. I built it, i loved it. Our server's name was Krystal. She did a great job of helping my wife pick a glass of wine and she gave some extra attention to my son. Every time we go to Vegas we will visit.
4	Big fan of their burgers.
2	Overly Hyped.  This place is very done and no need to go so far for a good burger anyhow.  Service subpar from waitress and front desk. Front desk hostess, not smiling, no greeting, no thanks for coming.  Waitress seemed in a rush to leave the place.  and again no smiling, no greeting, no thanks for coming.Food: overly hyped.  just all right.  breads different. blue cheese is always good on a burger.  There are a tons of choices in VEGAS.  No need to waste your time.  Skip this place. Great alternative is Strip Burger at the Fashion Mall on the other side of the strip.  Hadn't been here in awhile but they're happy hour rocked.
3	First off, we both enjoyed our meals. She had a veggie burger with a fried egg and marinara while I had the angus with avo an Gouda. They were both great and the marinara was super good. However the reason I am giving it 3 stars is because my  girlfriend spent the night with what seemed to be food poisoning. Besides her burger we shared everything else she ordered. With only one night in Vegas it really stamped out our night. We were also driving back home to Oregon the next day. So instead of making the trip in one day we had to get a room for next night due to her not feeling well. The experience in the restaurant was awesome however the repercussions of her veggie burger was extremely unfortunate.
3	Thanks to all the great Yelp reviews and the fact that it was close to our hotel, we decided to try the Burger Bar. It was late when we went in for dinner, about 11:30pm or so. The restaurant was fairly empty, I think there were about 2 or 3 other tables that were occupied. Our waiter was helpful and seemed to be very busy. The burgers here were so-so, nothing great but I've had better. My husband had a lamb burger which was nice, mainly because it came with spicy ketchup. The sliders I ordered were ok. They were a little dry, but not bad. I asked for some ranch with my fries and it came semi-frozen. We also ordered the Salted Caramel Milk Shake, which was excellent as was my husband's Mai Tai.
5	This place is the best thing about Mandalay Bay. The burgers are delicious and the shakes are really good too. It's gonna take more than this to get me back into Mandalay Bay (see MB review for details) but if I'm craving a burger in Vegas, I would go here.
5	Probably the best burger I have ever had! But if I had one knock on the Burger Bar, it would be the service. I have been here at least 20 times and about half we get a really horrible server. Good thing I go for the food.
4	Pretty damn good burger! Came years ago and did the build your own burger, I just remember the burger was cooked perfectly, thick juicy patty, along with the fried egg that oozed yolk all over. Great drink & beer list too, left with the fullest happy belly ever! A little pricey for a burger but fresh ingredients and great flavor, well worth it.
3	For a random Monday 2pm late lunch, the wait was about 45 minutes, so there is something to be said about that. That you're going to get some pretty good burgers here.And finally I went with their Hubert Keller Burger. It was good, but nothing worth writing to mom about. I actually enjoyed the fries more.The same goes with the milkshake. It wasn't too rich or fatty or anything. And it was just the right amount.But the HK Burger was just so-so. So-so that I had to box it and eat it later on. Looks like I have to come back and try the other burgers. If this place is known for the "best burgers" you bet I'm going to give these guys at least another shot to see if it is true and maybe try out the Rossini burger. Will see!!
3	Being a vegetarian, I was a bit skeptical to try this burger place.  But when I noticed the veggie burger on the menu, I decided to give it a try.I must say, all my friends loved their burgers.  But my review is solely based on the vegetarian burger I got.My order was the following:- Skinny Fries: Delicious- Onion Rings: Delicious- Caramel Milkshake: Amazing- Chef's Veggie Burger: I was a bit disappointed with this burger.  I was very excited as I took my first bite.  But realized that there was absolutely no salt.  The burger was very bland.  I had to put some spicy sauce on it to get some flavor.  I couldn't even finish half of it.So as a vegetarian, I was disappointed.  But I am sure the other burgers are amazing (as per my friends).
4	Burger bar uses quality meat and excellent execution to make some really great burgers. Not the best burger I've ever had in my life, but pretty great. My favorites are the peppercorn burger and the Hubert burger.  They have an excellent beer selection as well.
5	My husband & I stayed at Caesar's & thought we would check out the casinos on the way doen the strip, then go to Bachi Burger.  As the tram was pulling in to Mandalay Bay, I saw the advertisment for Burger Bar.  We figured we would check it out as it was there & not a cab ride away.  We got there before it opened, checked out the menu & decided to stay.  When it opened, we decided to sit at the bar.  On a Friday, the restaurant was full within 20 minutes.  We took our time, ordered a beer sampler before lunch.  Both ordered build your own with the Kobe beef and potato buns.  I went simple with smoke gouda & the chipotle aoili, with sweet potato fries.  Husband got the peppercorn sauce, avocado & american cheese with skinny fries.  Medium rare.  Very pink in the middle, but the meat was so melt in your mouth my husband (who likes things a little more well done than I) didn't care.  The sweet potato fries were the best I have ever had.  The staff did not rush us, even though there was a bit of a line forming & every seat was taken.Next time we will split a burger & try a shake - they looked too good & you have your choice of spirited or not.Also, the pickle spear is a perfect dill.See you in April!!
5	Long wait but worth it. The food was great. I love a place that let's you build your own burger with things that are so yummy, I had a hard time choosing! Reasonable, good food, great service!
4	Still Love this place!
5	My most memorable burgers have come from here. You can't go wrong.
4	Best veggie burger I had in Vegas! I love how you get to build your own burger.
4	What can I say about this place?  I'm a big fan.  I love their Burgers.  Located inside the Mandalay Bay, it's a must stop during any Vegas trip for us.  When I lived in Vegas, we visited this joint much more frequently.My favs are:American Classic Burger, $14.50 Blackjack Burger, $13.80Peppercorn Burger, $16.00Sliders, $13.75The only downside is that it's a bit expensive for a Burger.  A couple of times a year when we're in Vegas is good enough.Return Factor - 80%
4	My last day in Vegas I decided to give this place a shot before I headed to the airport.  I opted for the build your own burger, with ground beef, smoked gouda, spinach and caramelized onions on a ciabata bun.  It was really yummy and perfectly cooked.  The fat fries were also great, came out very hot, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  The chipotle aioli was delicious with the fries.  And as far as Vegas goes, its not a bad deal -- about $16 for the burger and fries.
4	3 1/2 stars. Angela suggested this place telling me she had heard it was one of the best burger places in Vegas. It's also got one of the most expensive burgers in the States. So we came meeting a friend of hers who also brought his own friend.I got a bite of everything and actually I've uploaded a pic of my receipt. So you can see exactly what we ordered. I got the $60 burger and had them cut it into 4 pieces so we all had a bite. Angela got their spicy lamb burger, the other two ordered a peppercorn and salmon burger. I actually got a bite of all them. Lamb burger was overcooked. Almost well done, a medium at best. Was incredibly disappointing. Not good at all and I like lamb burgers. So don't order your lamb burger anything less then medium rare. Honestly, I wouldn't recommend any beef burger less than medium rare.The salmon burger was overcooked. Wasn't too impressed with this also. I mean both this and the lamb were like 2 stars to me, would not ever order them again. The peppercorn on the other hand was outstanding. Really strong fresh peppercorn and it's super tasty. Really liked it a lot.Ok, so the $60 burger. The beef was cooked perfectly. Just really, really excellent and tasty. The truffles, excellent. Burger also get serves with truffle oil on the side which you should absolutely pour on top and it so enhanced the flavor of everything. So what was its weakness? The foie gras. Not enough of it. Angela has never had foie gras and she told that she couldn't taste it. Not a good sign. I'm practically French and have eaten a ridiculous amount of different types of foie gras. Yeah, certain foie gras can have an incredibly powerful taste and overwhelm anything else if too much is used and eaten at once. This burger did not have this kind of foie gras. I could physically see the foie gras and even I could barely taste it. Seriously disappointing in this but other than this, a great burger. Worth $60. No, definitely not. Maybe a $30-40 burger. Maybe, though honestly I don't think I'd ever order this burger again. I'd encourage someone else to give it a try but I'd be good.So what really was the gem of evening? You can not only customize your burger and make any 100s of different permutations of different types of burgers here, you can also customize your own shake! This includes beer floats! But what's the true sign of a real milkshake connoisseur? I'll show you how you make a shake. So I told our waitress that whomever makes the milkshake, to customize me one. I was going to leave it to their imagination and experience. I said I'd eat anything and wasn't allergic to anything. The only thing was that I didn't want anything boring but a shake of all shakes. So it turns out, there's a guy who's dedicated to just making the shakes! How awesome is that. When he came out with my shake it was beautiful. And this is the real reason why I posted up my receipt so you can see what he put in it. I boxed my shake with a black pen so take a look! This alone will make Burger Bar a special place for me.So overall not a bad eating experience at all. I'd definitely come back anytime.
5	The food here is always pretty good. It's also pretty decent for a vegetarian as well. The best part about this place is the beer. I always find some of the more hard to find Dogfish Head brews at this place. I always stop by this place when I'm in Vegas. The hard part is deciding between Hussong's or Burger Bar for food, which are both very amazing restaurants that are located right next to each other.
3	The burger was good, but not great. Maybe I chose wrong. The bun was very good.  The fries were very good. The atmosphere was the best thing about the meal. The folks who waited on me were very nice and very attentive.
3	Simply OKAY. Nothing amazing about it. After hearing rave reviews from out of towners, I decided to try this place. For a Saturday night it wasn't busy at all and we were seated immediately. I ordered the angus burger with swiss, spinach and portabello mushroom, all on an onion roll. The spinach I expected raw, so when it was cooked and totally slimy, it turned me off. The burger wasn't anything impressive, the bun was super dry. I've honestly put together yummier burgers at home.... but the mushroom I could have eaten an entire plate of!!! Omg! I ordered the sweet potato fries with it and they were awesome. My hubs ordered the onion rings and they were not battered!!! ugh!....I take off a full star for that alone! They offer some really rich shakes. It was a bit too much for me, but it sounded like they have some interesting options. The burgers broken down didn't seem so pricey, so we got a surprise when the bill came! Almost $50 for the 2 of us, so I don't think I'll be returning here.
5	This place is very goood! I ended up building my own burger instead of picking one from the chefs menu. I had a Black Angus beef with buttermilk zucchini fries and a Chimay Blue. Yummmy!!
4	Good place to get a gourmet burger on the strip. I may be spoiled by all the great gourmet burgers in L.A. for way less money. They offer many options and a build-your-own burger option as well. I had the lamb burger and didn't add cheese. Big mistake because it was a little bland without it. Everyone else's burger was good, except the vegan burger. I would definitely come back if I'm craving a burger in Vegas, but would go with another burger instead.
4	yum! yum! yum!  they have the best appetizers (yummy sweet potato fries, onion rings, zuccini fries, macaroni bites..)  and good burgers.  I took some out of town guests here and they loved it!  Must try if you're on the strip for a great meal
2	I was expecting something terrific and was disappointed. I ordered the Waygu burger with cheese and portabello. I asked for medium and it came med-rare (more on the rare side). Half way into my burger I bit into something that I think was a rosemary twig. It took me awhile to flag down our waitress so I asked one of the server to find her. When I asked them what is was, then mentioned that they use rosemary for the chicken breast seasoning....hmm, I ordered a $18 Waygu burger not chicken. They gave me a whopping 10% off. One of the folks I was with ordered the slider sampler. All of them- besides being tiny- were overcooked and dry. We ordered the mac-n cheese croquettes. They were good - but when they were delivered we did not have any dishes and one of us was missing silverware. Some of us had the skinny fries and some had the fat fries. They were OK.  Overall, not impressed. Almost too many choices/toppings.
4	I had the pleasure of eating at this establishment twice in one week while traveling for a conference. First of all the atmosphere was nice and un-pretentious its not a very big establishment but both times I went right around rush hour it was busy but still room was found for me (both a table and the bar) the staff were friendly and I had great serviceI built my own burger both times sticking with the more reasonable angus beef both timesThe food was great the sides were nice and hot and good portions that never left me wanting more. The burgers obviously hand made were almost the perfect thickness big enough to make them nice and moist holding in the juices but thin enough to allow the sides room to act on their ownThe beer and drink choices were great with many varieties of taps and a full barThe two things that keep this from being a 5 star is some rather large variability on burger doneness  (one was perfect the other borderline underdone both ordered at the same medium) as well as being a bit pricy for what you get Overall if I am back in mandalay bay ever I will easily visit this place again
1	If this is what Mr Keller puts his name on he needs to maybe eat here one time. I would rather go to Red Robin than go back here. A medium rare burger that was brown all the way through and sweet potato fries that had sat under a light for who knows how long. 100% tourist trap Oh and the service Sucks too......
5	great!
4	Very tasty vegan patty!  Chocolate Oreo shake was delish! Service was a little slow, other than that a really great experience.
4	The Burger Bar had slipped a bit over the last couple of year but this year they've rebounded considerably. I ate there twice this trip and both times the burgers were outstanding as were the fat fries. (skip the skinny fries - they tend to come out cold). I still wish they offered brown or deli mustard along with the plethora of other dipping goodies.I have to knock off 1.5 stars for the table service which is indifferent at best. The best bet for service is sit at the bar.
4	I'm really torn on what rating to give Burger Bar. Without a doubt, it was the very best burger I've ever had. The fries were also some of the best I've ever had and the selection of dipping sauces was vast and executed perfectly.After perusing the menu I knew I'd be ordering The Hubert Keller Burger, a burger with buffalo, caramelized onion, baby spinach, and bleu cheese on ciabatta. It was served with a side of red wine and shallot reduction. I typically tend to gravitate towards more unique protein options (such as buffalo) when ordering a burger. I love me some beef, but change is always good. I'm pleased to report the buffalo patty had a slight char on the outside and was cooked a perfect medium-rare. The onions were sweet and abundant, the spinach was the epitome of fresh, and the bleu cheese added a great tang. I loved the ciabatta as it really held up against the juiciness of the buffalo. The only thing I didn't love about the burger was the reduction it was served with. The reduction itself was really tasty, but I didn't quite get the point of it. The burger was already really flavorful and juicy and the reduction was served in a mini gravy boat. You couldn't dip the burger into it and if you poured it on the burger it would just drip down your hands. I thought it was unnecessary. As mentioned, the fries were perfection. I sampled both the sweet potato fries and the regular fries. They were nicely seasoned, fried to a golden brown, and you had the option of ordering a sauce sampler. For a very reasonable price you could order five different sauces and we settled on the aoli, chipotle aoli, pesto aoli, white bbq sauce, and truffle mayo. All were delicious and really elevated the fry experience.Drinks were also exceptional. My dirty vodka martinis were expertly made. Perfect amount of olives and olive juice, strong pour, and just the perfect amount of those micro ice chards. So why only 4 stars? Burger Bar deserves 5 stars based on the food and drinks, but something about the experience was lacking. Service was mediocre and the restaurant itself wasn't maintained very well. Everything was sticky. The menu, table, bench.... the personal TV in our booth was nice, but the plastic covering was all scratched up. I realize this isn't a fine dinning establishment, but considering it does have Hubert Keller's name associated with it I was expecting it to be a little nicer and cleaner. Despite a few flaws, I wouldn't hesitate to return here. By far the best burger I've ever had. If you're ever in Nevada, definitely hit up Burger Bar. Be sure to bring your own wet-naps though.
3	This may sound funny, but I can't think of what to say about Burger Bar outside of "they serve good burgers." I mean really, it's hard to mess up a burger. Sure, a burger could be overcooked, or use terrible quality beef. but BB does not suffer from either of those problems.I ordered their natural, organic beef topped with sprouts, avocado, peppers, and a fried egg. What did it taste like? Like a $12 burger I just paid $20 for. Not bad, but I would certainly say not worth the extra cash and extra effort to go to Mandalay Bay.I did sample the Nutella shake and did, in fact, want a gallon of that stuff. Highly recommended if you do end up here.
5	Had a party of 20 here last night!BB management and staff were more than accommodating, and our night went extremely smooth and amazing as always!  The food and service here is great, whether I come here by myself or with 18 other Yelpers!I came up with a new creation.  I call it, the Shawn H. Burger!  Give it a try :Phttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/burger-bar-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#bf50r1MXyZaFeASlyngAiAAngus on Ciabatta, Foie Gras, Truffle Mayo, Black Perigord Truffle Sauce! My best combination and burger to date!!I usually spend the money on Angus here, because even their most basic burger trumps the other guys in town.  I've had their Waygu here, but it is NOT necessary, and I'd rather spend that extra $7-8 towards the Foie Gras personally!The Foie Gras melts in your mouth, and is like butter on top of your burger!  The truffle mayo is perfection on top of everything and blends perfection in each bite.  The Black Perigord Truffle Sauce was very subtle, but it adds to the moisture in the bread.  You could skip this last element if you need to, but make sure you have the other options!And the ciabatta is the perfect bread to absorb those medium rare juices...staying firm and keeping your hands clean, even with all those juices hitting the plate.And don't forget to finish with a Nutella Shake!  One of the best things you'll eat if you are a nutella fan!
3	This was my first time to Burger Bar and only knew of this place from Yelp and ironically, friends from out of town. Most of my Yelp buds gave Burger Bar good ratings, so I knew a meat feast was inevitable.   Shawn H. put out a UYE for Burger Bar and I took advantage of this opportunity. Keep in mind that Burger Bar is located inside Mandalay Bay.  Most restaurants tend to cost a little more in a casino on the strip.  But at Burger Bar, prices are fairly cheap considering its location.  Burger Bar has a huge selection and you can also create your own burger.  These are all great call outs for a burger joint. But first things first, I need to point out is that this visit was during Lent in which red meat is currently being sidelined. Second, I don't drink much.  So, my review might not be a fair one at the moment because I am not reviewing Burger Bar for what they are known for, which is a burger and a bar.  This visit and rating is for their service and their Salmon Burger. The Salmon Burger is huge at a half pound and prepared medium well. Price is about $10 which is a good start. However, I felt that taste was lacking and the salmon patty was dry. I know salmon isn't flavorful in the first place, but I have had tasty salmon burgers at other restaurants (ie. Halphen Red in San Diego).  Since I was eating 8 oz of this stuff, I at least got about 40 grams of protein and Omega 3's.  In all, I was disappointed with my salmon burger. The service is pretty good considering that our party was fairly big.  Burger Bar is very accommodating and the staff is excellent.  You can say that the service almost cancelled out the poor taste of the salmon burger.  I have not given up on Burger Bar. I still have their real burgers to try and based on what other Yelpers have stated already, this is what they are known for. PS:  This was a Shawn H's UYE.  I had a great time with other Yelp friends.  Thanks again Shawn for putting this together.
4	This hotel is located inside of Mandalay Bay which was convenient for us since that was where we were staying. We didn't want to eat too much because we wanted to save room for drinking later. We ordered sweet potato fries, zucchini fries & an order of chicken wings. We didn't order a burger because when I looked around, they seemed pretty big and I knew I wouldn't be able to finish it.I thought what we ordered would be something for us to munch on and keep us full temporarily until later that night but we were pretty filled up and didn't even end up eating dinner later!We didn't have much of a wait but then again, we went at an odd time (4:00-4:30pm). Our waitress was very friendly and our food came out really fast.Overall, we were very satisfied and will definitely eat here again the next time we're in Vegas.
4	My husband & I went here on a recent trip to Vegas, mainly because we watch Hubert Keller on TV and wanted to visit one of his restaurants. We enjoyed it--it's not fancy, more like a sports bar. I had the vegan burger, which was grilled veggies between two portabello mushrooms. It was great and I'm not a vegan! My husband had the low carb burger--lettuce instead of a bun. He liked it too. He also had a shake that I had a few sips of--yummy! It seems weird that we both didn't get regular burgers, but at this point in the trip, we just wanted to eat lighter. I would love to visit again and try the lamb burger! My burger came with shoe string fries (good). My husband's didn't so he ordered "fat" fries on the side. There was plenty with mine though--so we could have shared. It just depends on how big of an eater you are.
5	I love Burger Bar any time my friends come to visit I always make a trip here! I have never had bad service, bad food, or had to wait very long. The beer is always great there are always different selections for you to chose from. I love that you can create your own burger. The meat selection is always fresh mouth watering goodness. Prices are ok, but this is the strip and its high quality beef so its priced at a reasonable amount. Oh and they have little TVs in EVERY BOOTH!! How could you go wrong with that?I have ordered a few things here, all consistent and great.Kobe beef burger which was great, came out perfect for med rare. Not too bloody not too well done. I kept it simple with cheese, lettuce, tomato, and NO SAUCE! Onion rings which where amazing and the Number 9 beer went great with this meal.The next time I got a USDA organic beef burger. Pretty standard, except I threw on some blue cheese, caramelized onions, lettuce, and no other sauces. A-MAZING!! Not as juicy as the Kobe wagu burger but up to par with what I was expecting. The beer I can not remember since it was a recommendation from my service who got it spot on, it was excellent. I order the Zucchini which by the way with there ranch was sooooo good.  I've never ordered a shake here but they are spouse to be good as well.Great burger joint in a very uncrowded little strip of the mall, the walk there is longer from parking but not that bad. Make the trip its worth it and if you do have to wait, there is a lush cosmetics store where you can get face mask, soap and just browse to kill time.
5	We have been going to this burger bar before burger bars were all the rage. Now in Vegas you can pretty much eat at an upscale burger joint in almost every casino. We continue to come back to this one time and time again. I love the sweet potato fries and the burgers are simply the best. I love the Kobe beef burger and my husband loves the burger with a ton of blue cheese. The service has always been great as well. It can get busy at times so you might have a bit of a wait but there is a bar and the beer is good too!
5	Discovered The Burger Bar this weekend and had the best damn turkey burger EVER! I'm totally willing to overlook almost being locked the restaurant when I went to the restroom (actually we all got a good chuckle out of this). GREAT JOB GUYS...I'll be back!
1	Definitely got food poisoning here.  Went here around 8 for dinner, sat at the bar, ordered the Herbert Keller Burger (buffalo, spinach, blue cheese) medium.  Service was quick, food took a while, burger was more rare than I'd expect when ordered medium, the sides were just barely browned and it had way too much spinach on it, which was kind of cold.  Anyways, it tasted good.  BUT four hours later on my flight back home I break out in sweats and nausea sends me to the toilet.  I know you're warned about eating undercooked meat...  Could also have been the spinach... Other 1 star reviews mention getting food poisoning too.Definitely will not be back.
4	Had always wanted to try Burger Bar, and finally did on this trip.  Ordered the kobe burger with foie gras.  I had originally ordered the truffle sauce, but it came without the truffle sauce, but instead came with truffle mayo.  My server realized the mistake, and apologized and said that she would make the correction to my bill.   didn't mind since the truffle mayo was excellent.  The burger was fine (not sure I'd go with the kobe again since I didn't notice that much of a difference from a regular beef burger).  Foie gras was nice addition.  Sweet potato fries were very good too.  Ordered a caramel milk shake after lunch which was very good too, but killed my appetite for my dinner a Sage later that day.  Not sure I'd make Burger Bar a destination, but if you're nearby, I'd recommend it for a burger.  Service was very attentive.
5	I must say that Hubert Keller can definitely make some stellar burgers. The Burger Bar is LOCATED in the Mandalay Palace (Between The Mandalay Bay and Luxor walkway) is one of my favorite places to get a burger in LV. One, I love the QUALITY OF MEAT. They have great choices to choose from such as Angus, Lamb, Buffalo and my favorite Kobe. Not only is the meat good, they also have great buns. I think they work out a lot. PRICES here are very reasonable and in my opinion, excellent for the quality of food. If you a balla or if you just won a few bucks gambling then I would recommend you try the ROSSINI. It's a 60 dollar burger that is made with Wagyu Beef and foie gras.  I can tell you that it's worth it (If your a burger lover and like foie gras that is) Similar to other burger joints, the Burger Bar offers specialty burgers or you can customize your own. My recommendation would be to do both if your with someone else or if your really hungry. The ENVIRONMENT here looks like  your average bar and grill. Dim lighting and lots of TV's.  They even have TV's in every booth. This place has always been crowded and there was always a wait list whenever I ate here. I have said this in many of my other reviews but if you don't like to wait then go and eat early to beat the crowd. The SERVICE has been good on both visits. They took care of us well which was pretty impressive considering how busy they get.Overall, I can always count on this place to satisfy my burger needs whenever I am in LV.  I give this place 5 stars because I believe that the quality of food for the PRICE to go along with their SERVICE is worth it.
5	The best veggie burger ever. It doesn't get better than the Burger Bar. Everything is delicious and made to order. If you have room left after chowing down the best burger you'll have, get one of the yummy milkshakes to go. So good!
5	With all the hip, new burger joints popping up everywhere (especially on the strip) this one still sets the bar. Friendly service and amazing burgers with a good beer selection.
1	Usually I'm a fan of Burger Bar, good food, reasonable prices, great service. I don't know what happened today, but the new hostess at the front desk couldn't have been bothered by an earthquake. After standing in front of her with an inquisitive look on my face, she finally woke up and asked if I'd like a table? As if I was there wondering what the weather was going to be tomorrow in Machu Picchu. After being told there was a 30-minute wait for 2 people, I went next door to Hussong's and was immediately sat with water and chips on the table in under two minutes. I'm going to go write a review on Hussong's after this margarita!
1	Mediocre burger and foodservice fries. What a below average burger joint. Any inspiration left the building a long while ago. Avoid.
5	the burgers were absolutely delicious definitely one of the best burgers i've ever had the pleasure of eating. you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. but what actually made me write this review and give this place a 5 star rating were our servers Erin and her twin sister Ashley. actually it was pretty crazy cuz at first we didn't realize that they were twins and that more than one person was our server. there were times where she'd exit from the right side of the restaurant and two seconds later magically appear from the left side. i swear for a while i thought she had some kind of teleporting super power and i'd found a real live mutant (x-men reference).   the service they provided was absolutely brilliant my glass literally never reached the bottom without either of them coming to our table to refill our drinks our orders were taken right away and arrived relatively quickly. they were so nice and friendly and awesome. These women definitely deserve a raise or a promotion or something because the service they provided at this burger joint was even better than the service i've gotten in much fancier much more expensive fine dining restaurants. if you're ever at Burger Bar look for either Erin or Ashley (or bothe of them) and i will guarantee that your dining experience will be as good as the transcendentally excellent burgers.
4	Dessert burgers to die for! Sweet potato fries that are so good they will instantly become your favourites*! Why exactly am I shouting!!!?Currently, actively working my way through their Chef's Burgers portion of their menu -- I have had the Surf/Turf (not my favourite), the namestake Hubert Keller Burger, and a third one that I am not sure of which one it was now -- only on one occasion was my burger not cooked to temperature (asked for 'medium rare'; was brought 'well done'). Back to the dessert burgers. Goddamn is that creamy cheese cake burger one good. The service has been hit or miss for us here. They can be busy -- and I can understand busy -- but there are other places that are busy but still take your order fairly quickly and more importantly bring you your desserts after ordering them in a timely manner. The weaknesses in this area force me hand in a four-star versus a five, although anyone can come here and easily have their five-star experience on a routine basis. Food is great; boy, those dessert burgers cannot be overstated though. - E*That is until you try the sweet potato fries at BurGR.
4	The Burger Bar restaurant in Mandalay Bay is one of our favorites when visiting Las Vegas. The burgers are delicious, fries too. Kobe, buffalo and black angus cooked to order. My husband loves their large beer selection.  You may ask for a small taste of a new beer selection also. I love their cole slaw.  So many sides too, like avocado, pineapple, sprouts, jalapeno bacon and carmelized onions. The ground mustard is amazing!  Their salads are nice.  The shakes are awesome, many varieties.  They have a "burger" dessert made from a Krispy Kreme donut for the roll and a nice slice of nutella for the burger!  Erin is our best favorite waitress at the Burger Bar.  She may have a twin, but there is only one Erin!  Many solo peeps sit happily at the bar.  There is one chicken dish.
3	So was looking for a traditional burger bar, my girlfriend (the yelp queen) discovered this establishment. It was not what I was thinking about but hey we were there so lets try it. I had the lamb burger, with jalapenos bacon...damn that was the bomb! I will visit them again!
4	We were at Mandalay Bay Aquarium and yelped this place. The wait was about 20 minutes and they wanted us to sit at a table near the entrance which was an awkward looking location as people were coming close to it when they were entering and leaving. we declined and opted instead to wait an additional 15 minutes for something else. 5 minutes later we were seated at a comfy booth. They even let us bring our fat Tuesday drinks in. The atmosphere is sports bar like and fun. The waitress was nice and helpful when it came to the menu as it was our first time. She had some great recommendations. I had the Lamb Burger with customized toppings of caramelized onions and Jack cheese. The waitress warned that it wasn't for everyone and you either love it or hate it. I love gamey meats so to me it was flavorful and juicy. The zucchini fries could have been thicker cut because it seemed to be mostly batter but the fried batter was crisp and tasty so i enjoyed them. My girlfriend had the Hubert Keller Burger which was very tasty with just the right combination of toppings to satisfy. The skinny fries were decent French fries. We tried the martinis and they were good too. Would definitely go back to try one of their other creations!
5	Amazing beer, amazing burgers, and SUPER amazing sauces!!! It was delicious and I will be back!
4	Came here with a large group.  Everybody LOVED their burgers.  Many of us ordered the alcohol shakes.  The shakes were delicious but too rich for one person.  I recommend splitting a shake with someone.  The service was great too.
4	Came here with a large group for my 21st birthday and had an excellent time! I'll be the first to admit that I was drunk, but I do remember loving the burger I ordered. What burger did I get, you ask? Who knows! It was good, though.My boyfriend got a flight of their alcoholic shakes, and I'm pretty sure he died and went to alcohol heaven. Definitely recommend this for dinner in Vegas! Cheap (comparatively to other places on The Strip), and the service was friendly (as far as I can remember in my drunken stupor).
5	If you love options, you're at the right spot.  You can get a burger that can help keep your girlish figure or you can add foie gras and truffles and then go jean shopping after.  Overall, one of the best spots to grab a bite on the strip and you wont break the bank.
3	Burger Bar was GOING to get a 2 star review from me, after the waiter entered our order, forgot to "Submit" it or whatever they have to do, and then 30 minutes passed.The fact that he admitted exactly what happened when our food arrived 50 minutes later gave him back the star.Otherwise the food was pretty average.  The SELECTION however, was fantastic.We might even have stayed a little longer, but the dubstep pummels you in the head over and over and over again (Perhaps it is a Deadmau5 mating ritual?) . If you don't have Tinnitus before you stop in, you will after you leave.Still, they have an incredible selection and I did very much want to try one of the milkshakes (Nutella? yes please) but after being trapped in there for nearly an hour all I wanted to do was leave.
5	Great selection of build your own burger options. Yummy onion rings, great fries and the shakes are pretty damn good too
4	I would give 5 instead of 4 but the service always sucks, however the burgers are amazing!
5	A must go anytime in vegas. Gourmet burgers and huge selection for making your own. I have heard the service isn't as good the last few years but my experiences have been the best every time. Girls don't like slutty girls, we judge, it just happens. And all the girls working there purposely have extremely low pants, stomach showing low cut black tanks with lots of make up and so my initial thought was....figures, vegas. BUT, all the girls have fantastic customer service and do a great job, so i figure go on with your hot selves. But it's the burgers and milkshakes that keep me coming back. There is one that opened up in SF but the vegas one is still better!
3	I read about this place having the best burgers on the strip, so I made sure to include it on the itinerary for a lunch during our trip.  Husband ordered the Kobe burger with some avocado, no cheese and I went with the no preservatives selection on a sesame bun with jack and lettuce.  I am not sure what went wrong with this combo, but the bottom bun turned to paste/mush and was really gross.  I was scraping it off to be able to eat the burger and was not eating especially slowly where I could see this happening.  He liked his burger a lot, and the fries were very good (as were my zucchini fries and the sauce sampler we got) so I only took off a few stars.  It's hard to give more than 3 stars when your main item falls so short.  The basil and truffle mayo sauces were my favorite - both were better on the zucchini than the ranch it came with!  Skip the white BBQ and the spicy ketchup, they are forgettable.  I even put the truffle mayo on my burger at some point to try and salvage it, but no dice.
2	For a celebrity chef's burger restaurant it was very disappointing! Had sliders and they were poor to fair. First order arrived cold and sent it back - refire was cold too! Tasted pre made and industrial. A disappointment and I just had a simpler from the happy our menu. Glad I was out only 10 bucks for my sliders and a beer. Again, disappointing !
4	I went here based on a recommendation and it didn't disappoint. The ingredients are fresh and they have a very big menu. You can select a burger off of the menu or customize your own. Customization doesn't just include toppings & sauces, but also the type of protein, bun and fries. There's lots to choose from! Make sure you save room for dessert. It's not only delicious, but they have cleverly made it look like a hamburger! This place is super popular and usually crowded. But they stay open until 1 a.m. Fridays and Saturdays. So, we went after seeing a late show and there was barely anyone there.
4	Huge selection of bottled beer and a good selection of draught as well. The build a burger menu was a bit overwhelming. However the smaller selection of chef's burgers provided a number of choices without all the planning. The classic "wedge salad" is always good to see on a menu and this one is quite well done. My American Classic burger was cooked perfectly but arrived a bit soon after the salad and the bun was overly soggy. Still, a great choice for beer and burgers.
5	It was great! I got the buffalo burger, it was amazing!
4	Surf and Turf burger was delicious!!! Lobster and asparagus...amazing! Would highly recommend this place.
5	I can't believe I waited so long to try Burger Bar.  But then again anything worth having is worth waiting for.  This Hubert Keller establishment is less expensive than his other restaurants.  Since, I enjoyed his Fleur burger when I went to Fleur a few months ago, I had to get a similar burger at Burger Bar.An old friend raves about the Nutella milkshake and he knows how much I love Nutella so eventhough I'm lactose intolerant, I had to get a Nutella milkshake.   It came before my meal came so I was basically having dessert before entree - and there's absolutely nothing wrong with that.  I was instantly addicted to it.  My friend had to pry it from my tiger claws.  It's a chocolate and Nutella milkshake with chocolate whipped cream topped with whole hazelnuts.  Definitely the best milkshake ever!!!I got the Rossini burger (Kobe beef, foie gras and black truffles on onion bun) with Skinny Truffle fries.  It's $60 but you have to consider the fact that you're getting the best burger you could ever have plus, it includes fries and dessert!  Fleur charges the same price for  the same burger but your dessert won't be free!  So, for what you're getting, it's definitely worth the price.  The friend copied what I got except he had Fat Truffle fries.  The Skinny and the Fat fries were equally good.  The free dessert that came with our Rossini burgers, we got a white burger and a chocolate burger.  The white burger has cheesecake with fruits on a Krispy Kreme doughnut.  The chocolate burger has a Nutella fudge "patty" with passion fruit gelee "cheese", kiwi and strawberries.  They were good but I'm biased towards anything with Nutella so the chocolate burger was a clear favorite.The service was excellent as well.  Our server Gina checked on us from time to time.  She remembered having a Yelp event there a month ago.It was an awesome first experience for me and I want more Nutella milkshake!!!
4	That is a TASTY BURGER!!! Yes the burgers here are some of the best in Vegas!! The toppings list is a work of art, as is the various choices of meat to make the burgers.The bar is a nice place to sit and eat the burger as there is an impressive choice of beers on tap and in bottles. The staff is friendly and efficient, and the burgers are cooked to order, so a Med/rare comes out exactly that!!Well worth the price and the trip to MB!!
5	Just Eat! Was there again today. This is no doubt the go to place for the complete Burger experience.  I maintain the 5 star rating on many points. Service, beer choices, cleanliness, etc. No need to go in depth on the menu as you can see for yourself. However the latest addition of the Lamb patty is welcomed and well worth it. Build your own, choose from the Chefs menu. No matter. Add a side from several great choices. In addition, the beer list alone could keep the lights on. Domestic lite beer drinkers, I recommend you go beyond yourself and try a great tasting, well, anything else.  Not being one who easily gives 5 stars anywhere. Burger bar should receive 6. Not to end on a negative but if you're looking for a quiet dining experience this isn't it.  It's a party for all your senses. Dig in.
2	Not impressed with these overpriced burgers and greasy fries. Portions with the fries are extremely small, considering the price you pay for these items. BACHI BURGER wins them over and over again with taste, quality and ambiance. If you return to the burger bar, it must be because you are staying in the vicinity and have no other options with burgers. If you can take a cab and experience quality someplace else, do so. Don't waste your time here, unless you want to get drunk with their beer and pretend their food is great! Ja, ja!!
5	I held my post-wedding dinner at the Burger Bar this last weekend, and I couldn't be more delighted with my experience. The incredible service began with Lisa and the pre-planning process. She set expectations right from the start, made the reservation process seamless, and everything she promised was fulfilled the day of the event (down to the personalized menus she created).On the day of, we received amazing service. The two servers that catered to our 40+ party were efficient, fast, and very accommodating. They took extra care to make sure that our questions were answered and that each of our guests received personal treatment. They even went the extra mile to serve the cupcake tier that we had pre-delivered to the restaurant.And of course, who could forget the food! From the Buffalo Burger and the Cobb Salad to the Crabby Patty kids burger, everything we ate was delicious (you have to get the spicy mustard!). I would recommend Burger Bar to any group big or small. You can't go wrong.
4	The last 4 times I've been in Vegas I've had Burger Bar, that alone should speak volumes. Now the burgers here are very expensive but it's Las Vegas; everything is expensive. The cool thing about this restaurant is that all the booths have their own TV. They have a good selection of beer and drinks and an even better selection of burger. The one thing I don't like is that all the add-ons (For me: American Cheese, bacon, sprouts) costs extra :( . I always get my burgers cooked medium-rare and that's the way they turn out. The patty is soft but I feel that it's just a tiny bit too greasy. That's OK, if you're eating a burger you shouldn't be worrying about grease. No burger is complete without french fries BUT DO ASK FOR THEIR AIOLI dipping sauce, it is phenomenal on the burger and even better with the fries.The service has always been good here and I like the sports-bar style atmosphere. Overall one of the better restaurants on the strip and a very good burger.
4	Enjoyed the Fry Sampler we tried--sweet potato fries, fried zucchini and onion rings.  Cinnamon honey mustard dip was amazing with sweet potato fries.  Peppercorn burger was nicely done.  Salted caramel milkshake was too rich for my taste and I was done after first try.
4	If you are craving a burger...you can't top this in Vegas. OPTIONS OPTIONS OPTIONS!!! You start by selecting your meat...generous options. Then your bun type and then almost half a page of toppings. Including something like 9 types of bacon, different types of onions...all the way up to lobster. Cheap sides too...all delicious. A MUST!
2	I have indeed been here with a friend last year and forgot to give it a rating. I had heard the big fuss about this  burger bar so i was ready for some good ol never heard of toppinigs and etc. NOW the prices are a bit much to me for a burger. While the burger was good i can think of a few places for a better cheaper burger.. IN N OUT, SmashBurger.  The drinks were good, even the shakes variety was good. Service also. BUT for the trouble it takes to get in and out of there (im a local) i have other places to get Burgers from.
3	Went to Burger Bar with a large group of yelpers (Shawn H's UYE).  I ordered the angus burger with pepper jack, jalapeno bacon, avocado on ciabatta and a side of truffle mayo.  I opted to skip the fries and get a chocolate peanut butter milk shake instead.  The shake was amazing.  One of the best shakes I've had.  When our food came my plate had fries and it looked like the wrong burger because I didn't see any avocado but I didn't want to touch it to check.  I told the waitress that I thought it was wrong and she said it was right.  She argued with me saying I didn't order avocado and then finally brought me some avocado on a plate for me to put on my burger.  I open up my burger to add the avocado and the cheese was all white with no peppers at all so I didn't think it was pepper jack, and the bacon was definitely pepper bacon and not jalapeno bacon.  I think she might have confused the pepper jack with pepper bacon? I'm not sure.  It was very loud in the restaurant so that could have been part of it also. I don't appreciate the waitress arguing with me though.  I know what I freaking ordered.  I'm a yelper.  I looked at the menu and knew what I was going to order before I got here.  So I ate the burger with the avocado she brought and just left the wrong cheese and bacon.  After the avocado fiasco I didn't want to deal with her anymore.  I didn't enjoy the burger at all.  Not sure if the right bacon and cheese would have changed that.  It just wasn't good.  I didn't even eat half the burger and I was starving when I got there.  She didn't charge me for the fries even though I said I would pay for them.  My total for the burger, shake and auto gratuity was $30.  Pretty pricey for a burger, especially one that wasn't very good.  A few others at our table didn't care for their meal either.  I'm wondering if I just got Burger Bar on a off day.  I have heard such good things I will be back to give them another try.
5	It's kind of pricey - but the burgers and fries are to die for and the alcoholic shakes are a must - Patrick is an awesome bartender!
1	wont be coming back....
5	Excellent burgers, beers, fries - regular and sweet potato options! Had to wait a couple of times to get into this place- go early afternoon for an easy walk in meal then your all set to party till late night.  Burgers made from bison, turkey, beef etc. Bun options , great toppings etc. Its all good!   Can  you tell I like burgers!!Now go get one when your in VEGAS.
3	I ordered the Nutella milkshake, Kobe beef burger on an onion bun with bacon, cheddar, and truffle mayo, and our table split the fried macaroni and cheese, fried zucchini, and onion rings. I don't know if I ordered wrong but my beef didn't have a lot of flavor. The fried macaroni and cheese was my favorite! The Nutella milkshake was pretty yummy as well. For the price and since there are so many other delicious dining options in Vegas, I would not recommend The Burger Bar. Our waiter however was very attentive and split our bill for us to include the shared fried foods we ordered which was pretty awesome!
4	Building your own burger is the reason to visit this place.  A small, somewhat-cramped eatery in the halls of the Mandalay Bay, Burger Bar is exactly what you'd expect from a Las Vegas casino restaurant:  A little over-priced because of the location, but with plenty of options and a solid effort at quality.My burger wasn't delicious. It was good, but that's it.  It's hard to find a place that'll cook a medium rare burger, and this place only came close.  But it has a nice set of options, including gluten-free buns and kobe beef.  I definitely recommend the sweet potato fries and a few different sauces (truffled mayo anyone?).  I had a decent chocolate milk-shake while I was there, too.I wanted to rave about this place.  I loved the menu and got excited about my order.  But I ended up finishing my meal without one of those "MMMMMMM" moments.  If you crave a good burger and don't feel like leaving the casino, it's a fine offering.
4	great sliders! great restrooms! great servers! Not so great casino-hotel, the hotel or mandalay bay are horrible.
2	i visit my parents in Nevada once in a while and I also visit the strip with friends. My dad said he would like to take me to a nice place to get a burger. I wasn't about to argue with that. We put our names down and they have a system that sends a text when they are ready to seat you. Really nice! So about 20-30 mins later I get the text and I'm raring to go. We get seated and our server seems like a nice chap. I order a beer, my dad as well and my mom a water. He returns with 3 beers and no water. Not a big deal, my dad or I will just end up drinking it anyhow. It was a simple error. They have preset burgers and they have a make your own burger with several options of meat. I don't recall what my mom got but she got the sweet potato fries on the side. I got the thin cut fries on the waiters recommendation and some pepper jack bomb things. My dad and I got the Australian Wagyu style patties. He got his medium well, he was actually going with well done, but the waiter talked him out of it. The right call in my opinion. I got mine medium rare. While waiting for food I got another beer as the first one went down quick and my dad started on the extra beer already. The food arrives and the burgers have those little plastic sticks in them that indicate how they are cooked. They reminded me of Sizzlers as a kid. We dig in. The pepper jack bombs were small nuggets of cheese battered and fried well, they weren't too gooey and had a nice bit of heat. The thin fries pretty much tasted like pretty generic thin cut fries from anywhere. The sweet potato fries had a crispy seasoned coating and weren't bad. Now, I didn't get around to asking my parents how their food was. They seemed to like what they got, but I was treating my parents and they are the type to not complain in the case. Here's where things started to get disappointing. Our waiter just seemed to up and vanish. I'm not totally sure, but it seemed he never returned after dropping the food off. I cut my burger in two before starting on it. My burger nearly mooed out load as my blade fell. The patty was extremely rare, but somehow one side was cooked slightly more than the other. That half I ate, and honestly nothing about that burger was memorable or had any distinct taste. We were more than done and our waiter had still not checked on us. I ended up asking a busboy to get him for us. I pointed out the burger and he agreed that it was undercooked. The host/manager came by and told us he removed it from the check. The place may deserve a second chance, but based on the experience and the dizzying variety of other places to try in the area I don't think I will give it one.
4	I have been here 3 times. It's a bit pricey-as one should expect for a trendy spot. There usually is a wait but there's always an upbeat mood inside. The menu allows you to select from a combination of burgers, or you can customize your own from the bun in. The desert burger is a novel idea, but too much for me on my own. Great to share!
3	I came here once and it was just okay. I got the buffalo burger and it was not cooked very well. Pretty soggy.The service was good, the server I had was very helpful and suggested the buffalo as one of her favorites. The wait wasn't too bad.
4	I've been here a few times and the servers have always been friendly and attentive.   The burgers are decent, a bit pricey, but then it's Vegas.  I do like how many beers they have on tap and they even have the lambics on tap.  The onion rings are quite delicious as well, but that can also be because it was just the right thing to soak up the alcohol.
4	Quite expensive for burgers, but oh so delicious!
3	top quality food at overpriced strip prices.  it's good but not so good as to inspire a trip to the strip.  especially when there are plenty of in-n-out(s) in town
2	I've expected more from this burger joint. I always have to compare it with in-n-out. IN-N-OUT hands down. For the price and taste in-n-out all day long
4	For our group's end of the year dinner, we were angling for burgers and decided on this place mainly because they were likely to be able to seat a table of just shy of twenty. I got more and more excited as I did my research and found that this was often listed as a top burger place in Las Vegas. Hey, don't laugh at my naivete! You know it's all about Bachi anyway if you're a local.I chose the Hubert Keller burger because I wanted to try buffalo meat and I was too lazy to try to custom-build one. Oh, and the whole having his name on it thing means it has to be good or else, right? Indeed, it was delicious. It came out medium-rare as I had requested, and the first thing I did was try to take a bite without adding the red wine and shallot reduction. Mistake number one! Gotta pour that sauce on there to get the maximum flavor out of this. Granted, the caramelized onions and blue cheese complemented each other well, but you need to use the sauce. Also, I liked the bite from the red onions that I threw on later and barely noticed the lettuce and tomato, which is fine by me because I just didn't want them to go to waste on the plate.Did I not talk about the meat yet? Well, that's because I was saving it for its own paragraph. I loved it. It was similar to beef in a way, but it had a much cleaner flavor. It's somewhat hard to detect the unique flavor that sets it apart until you get a piece of mostly meat in your mouth, which I finally did at the end, and it's definitely not what I would call gamey or anything. It's just something different to appreciate because you don't eat it everyday (well, I guess you can, but I can't be bothered).The only drawback to my meal was that the fries somehow just did not go with the burger, so it was like eating two separate dishes the entire time. I think I should've had sweet potato fries instead. When I tried a few of those from my friend, the sweetness called out to me as something that would have worked. So for those of you who might wanna try the Hubert Keller burger, I do suggest that you try to substitute in sweet potato fries for the normal thin fries (but it might cost more? dunno).There is no doubt that this is a great place on the Strip to have a burger. If you're from out of town (and you're not one of those deprived people who have never tried In-N-Out), you won't go wrong making this your burger stop.
4	Solid burger joint...mine was cooked perfectly and the staff/service was great.  Good selection of beer as well.
3	I had heard about Burger Bar for years. The hype that this place received, had me expecting the Michael Jordan of burger joints.... When I was seated, I was pleasantly surprised that each booth had it's own TV, which allowed for me to watch the NBA playoffs up close. Definitely a huge plus for a sports fanatic such as myself. I ordered a Kobe Burger with spinach, cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, and peppered bacon, while opting for the Fat Fries. I went with a vanilla shake to wash the food down. First came the shake, which was possibly the best shake I have ever had in my life. This is probably an exaggeration, but it was very, very good. Next came my burger and fries. The fires were decent (hard to mess up fries), especially when dipped in the side sauces that I had added on. Unfortunately, the burger tasted how it looked; very average. I'm not sure what my expectations were, but a regular, messy, sad looking, lump of a burger, SMOTHERED in caramelized onions was not it (there were literally more onions than meat). Definitely a deal breaker for me. I expected to get the MJ of burgers, and was handed a Darko Milicic: decent, average, not bad, and not worth the hype... Definitely not how I want to describe an $80 dining experience. Three stars for the shake and the TV's in the booths. Food was worth maybe two.
4	I do love a place that has super juicy burgers and alcoholic milk shakes all is one location. i tend to "build my own burger". but when i am feeling like a veggie burger the patty can be on a the dryer side but still fits in the burger category.
2	Overpriced and overhyped.
5	Great burgers, good beer selection. Priced about what you'd expect from an upscale burger place in Vegas. One thing though...the dessert burgers are amazing. Both the chocolate one with Nutella and the cheese cake one were crazy good. They are too good to pass up!
4	This place is amazing! I am saddened that I have to give only 4 stars because my server was such a snob. Otherwise it would have been perfection.Thanks for all of the tips from everyone. I ended up getting the Kobe burger with pepper jack cheese, avocado, grilled onion, jalapeno bacon with Truffle Mayo. OMG- this was the best burger I have ever had. I also had the skinny fries and ordered the sauce sampler (5 choices) with: Basil Aioli, Truffle mayo, White BBQ Sauce, Spicy Ketchup and Chipotle Aioli. Let me tell you that they were all very good sauces. But that Truffle Mayo is so good I think I could just drink it out of a glass. Not a joke! I also ordered the Beer Sampler of course. I can't remember all of the names of beer that I got, except I did get Stella Artois, and the Sin City beer.  This was really cool and I loved all of the beer I chose.Everyone at my table loved this experience. We would have stayed for dessert but our waiter the snob seemed like he wanted us to leave. So that is exactly what we did. So much for my Nutella Milkshake and Chocolate Burger. Maybe next time.
5	Best lunch I've ever had. Got the Kobe burger and beer float sampler. If you haven't had beer floats before, don't worry. These are awesome. And the burger was probably the best I've ever had. Go here. You won't regret it.
4	This place has awesome burgers, they even have a $100 burger that I haven't tried yet but I'm sure it's excellent.  Every time I stay at the Mandaylay Bay I go have a burger at here.  They have all different kinds of meats including bison which I always get and you can top it off with almost anything.  This place isn't cheap so if your looking for a $5 burger you better stick to Micky D's or Jack N the Crack.Give this place a try and you will have a good time and a good burger.
5	Quite expensive for burgers, but so worth it. I had the Hubert Keller Burger - oh my word! Incredible, messy, beyond words really. There is definitely a reason he puts his name on this burger. It was my first buffalo meat experience and I wouldn't change a thing about it although I was admittedly nervous about trying buffalo! My husband had a build your own with Kobe, bacon, and cheese. He was certainly not disappointed! We had the skinny fries as well, nice and crispy. Felt like the wait staff was a little on the snobby side, but I was too busy focusing on the incredible taste experience going on in my mouth to notice :)
4	Burgers were OK, nothing to really rave about. Their appetizers were pretty good especially the fries w/ multiple dipping sauces. But, the Nutella Shake... OMG best shake I've ever had in my life. The service was good and pretty attentive.
5	Wulnut say go here. I call you today to request you that this place is god. Place again look like regularity bar but win absolutely. I order Kobe Bryant beef and sweet potato sticks and killed drinks and its good. Line was long liking magnificent jindepet but still worthed weight in nugget. Wide selection of killed drinks in here at present. Price is averaged so wallet can't be mess. Supreme part was that they having several types of monster bacon feisty peppered monster bacon brode my wraist.  Pro monster coach advice say order black truffle fries that are not having perfectly on menu but secret black society style menu that is something to know for a long time that most people don't know. Yum so strog thank you wulnut say ok 5/5 contro
3	Always a great time and always a great burger. No matter what I order here, I am always satisfied. I used to work nearby and would frequent Burger Bar for their Sweet Potato fries and turkey burgers. The level of variety is quite impressive and they seem to always be updating with new and interesting menu items and burger ingredient selections.
3	This place was just alright. We went to dinner here before heading to the Lady Gaga concert at MGM. For the price I expected a better meal. I probably wont go back here again.
3	Burgers are good but not great. They're priced for great, they're more expensive then known great LA spots like hole in the wall and umami, but not close to as good. Guess you're in Vegas and Mandalay Bay at that, but I still believe in getting what you pay for, not paying for hype. I came here twice but would not return.
4	The only problem with this place is that it will take you two dozen trips to Vegas to try everything on the menu!
4	awesome menu and good service. been here a couple times.  will go back...try the beers they have from around the world..Veggie and Turkey Burger are amazing.
5	Hubert Keller is a genius! I loved being able to build my own burger with the best ingredients out there. I topped mine with a fried egg, prosciutto, smoked gouda, and some greens. Mmmmm! The beer list was also impressive. This place is the best for lunch - just don't forget to make a reservation!
4	friendly service and yummy food: the Hubert Keller burger is a must, although the chicken wings were a bit too dry, they were still very tasty!
5	Delicious!!!  Total splurge but so worth it!
3	This place is ok.  Tried the American classic and the Hubert Keller burger.  Of those two, definately go with the Hubert Keller buffalo burger.  With that said, both burgers were just ok.  Nothing special to write home about.
4	After a late night at the pai-gow table at the Luxor, my boy and I headed up to our room. I woke up at 1200, when our friend Mike was leaving our room. I realized we had missed our check out time! My head dizzy and my stomach queasy, my boy and I quickly packed our bags and headed out the door. After a discrete snooze at a bar, I woke up knowing I should eat (but not really wanting to). We headed towards the Mandalay Bay looking for food. Nothing sounded better than the Burger Bar, why? The hangover burger! I know it may sound kinda odd, but it was what the doctor ordered. I was able to share the burger with my boy and make it safely on to the plane a couple of hours later :)! Highly recommend it if you hit the town hard the night before!
4	Ahh the choices they give you! I have to say I have been here numerous times as it is a good place for a consistent burger. The different bacons are my favorite thing, the foie burger is really too rich but good. The turkey burger is great just make sure if you get the waygu burger you get mid rare I have had a few over cooked burgers I unfortunately have sent back. The bar is a good place to sit also the fries with different dipping sauces are wonderful.
4	burger bar is officially on our "must do" list every time we're in town!this time around, i did the pink monkey shake and mac n cheese croquettes.  it was a bit early in the day for a burger.  both options were super tasty.i did take away a star this time around.  our service was a bit slow and i think that $20 for a lamb burger was pretty expensive.  it won't keep us from coming back, i just think there are better items on the menu than a $20 burger.
2	OVERRATED.Can I just leave the review with that one word?  We visited Burger Bar because it was in the concourse that connected our hotel to the Luxor, so it was convenient.  A friend of mine also spoke very highly of their food, so off we went.The menu is much like Kuma's, but the quality of the food is much lower.  Maybe I've been spoiled here in Chicago, but we have a LOT of good burgers and burger restaurants.  Especially ones that make 'signature' or 'specialty' burgers.  That said, nothing at Burger Bar was particularly interesting or novel to me.The food was good, don't get me wrong.  It's not like everything tasted gross.  I just think that the reputation of this place is more a myth since this place is just a burger restaurant.  The food is (duh) overpriced since this is inside a Vegas casino mall.  The drinks were decent and apparently the booze shakes were excellent.  Order one of those and tell me what you think.  I'd rather enjoy the buffet at my hotel next time since it's cheaper and offers a larger selection of various foods.  Meh.
4	After watching Top Chef Masters, I'm a big fan of Hubert Keller. Who else can manage to cook a 5 star meal in a dorm room using a hot plate and a shower stall? I also admire his diverse interests- not many chefs can boast about being a DJ in their spare time!Anyways, I was excited to try out his Burger Bar restaurant when we were in Vegas. We got here around opening time, and there was already a line forming to try out the delicious burgers. Although we had a large party, we were seated promptly. We decided to order the chicken wing appetizer, and I had a nutella shake to start out with. The chicken wings were good, but quite small compared to other chicken wings you'll find at other places. The nutella shake was beautifully presented, with elegant swirls of chocolate syrup laced on the inside of the cup. The shake itself was smooth, rich, chocolate indulgence, topped with chocolate whipped cream and a sprinkling of whole hazelnuts.Although I didn't order the beer float paddle sampler, a person in our party did, and it looked amazing! (See pictures for the evidence!)Although the Rossini burger was indeed tempting, I decided to forgo the $60 price tag and order the signature Hubert Keller burger ($22). After all, why not order the owner's favorite burger? It was perfectly cooked to order (Medium rare), with tender, flavorful buffalo meat, spinach, blue cheese, caramelized onions, with a lovely red wine sauce on the side. I'm not normally a fan of blue cheese, but it meshed well with the other ingredients. The only slight negative was that the burger really needed the red wine sauce on the burger, otherwise it tasted like it lacked a little seasoning. The fries that automatically came with the burger were decent, with a nice crisp outer layer.Maybe if I strike it big in Vegas one of these days, I'll splurge on that $60 gilded lily of a burger, but for now I'll go for the other signature burgers!
5	I am a fan of the burger, and the burgers at Burger Bar are in the top 3 best burgers I've ever had in my life.  The really cool thing about this place is you can customize the burger to put whatever you want on it, from the meat (beef, lamb, kobe, or bison) to cheese to the type of bun to the saucr to about 40 or so different toppings.  My go-to burger is the bison burger with blue cheese, avocado, shaved black truffles, and pesto mayonaisse.  It is absolutely amazing, and not too too expensive, which is a rarity in Vegas.  I make it a point of coming here at least once every time I go to Vegas, which is about once or twice a year, and I've come maybe 8-10 times at this point.  The last time I was in Vegas (for my birthday last year), my wife and I came here and also tried the fry sampler for the first time, which comes with regular fries, sweet potato fries, and I think steak fries, and you get a choice of I think 5 sauces of whatever you want off the sauce menu (we got pesto mayo, BBQ sauce, chipotle aioli, and a couple others), and it was also really good.  We left this place stuffed and happy (and leaving somewhere in Vegas happy is never a sure thing).
4	Fun mixing different things to put on a burger!
1	Very Disappointed!!! Had been waiting all day to try the Kobe burger. I ordered it Black Jack style with fat frys.  The burger was chewy and it had several pieces of what looked like tendon/grissle/idk but it was bad!!   Definitely not worth paying $18 dollars for!  To top it off I felt sick as soon as we left.  Did not end wel.....
4	The only thing I've had here are the Dessert Burgers.  I had the Nutella one and OMG!!!! It was AWESOME!!! I'm sure they are packed with calories, but it was worth it!!! I saw another table receiving shakes that look equally AWESOME!  I hope to go back and try something else on the menu.  I just wan't hungry my first time there.
3	The Burger Bar has good burgers. I have had better burgers. The service was good and the staff is friendly.I had the American Kobe Burger. It was cooked perfect. Med Rare.I would deformity recommend giving this place a try.
5	Burger Bar is my favorite place to get a burger on the strip! I love the bison burger! Its a must!
4	The Veggie burger is a must-try! Service was wonderful and the zucchini fries were heavenly:)
5	I've been eating at burger bar since I was 18 years old,  I used to work in the Mandalay place mall called savage and that was the place we ate at every other day! I love it!
4	What is not to like about burger and bar. You pick your patty and add what ever topings from jalapeno bacon to black truffles.  You can not walk out without spending 50$ but well worth it.
5	Look, when you've grown tired of the $8 imports at your hotel bar, find your way to Burger Bar for some of the best beer in Las Vegas. Sampled a dozen or so during two trips the week before last, and was particularly impressed by both the Belgian and the East Cost (i.e. - Dogfish) selections. 25 drafts and 100 bottles - I think that's right. Enjoyed both meals - the second was an All-American burger followed by the Dessert Burger - one that must be tasted to be believed. Friendly, attentive staff. Quality food. Outstanding beer selection. Reasonable prices. I'll be back.
4	One of the best burgers in Vegas.
3	Simple, FAST review.Food:  A little overpriced, but delicious and juicy.Ambiance:  OK, a little loud.Service:  Terrible.  On several occasions our glasses were completely empty and had to actually stop someone to get them refilled.  Server wasn't very friendly either.Thought:  Great burgers, a little bid of a wait, and service that can use a little improvement.
5	I LOVE Burger Bar. So much. As a local, I really try to avoid the Strip as much as possible. But this place has become a staple in my family. When we think burgers, we think Burger Bar...so it's well worth the drive down the Strip to get there.Depending on when you go dictates how long the wait is. We've waited anywhere from 10 minutes to over an hour. They won't seat you unless everyone in your party is present (which I can appreciate, having worked in the restaurant industry), so if you're waiting for people to arrive, I recommend at least getting your name on the list. That way, when everyone DOES arrive, you can just let the hostess know your party is ready and your wait time will be shortened.It's usually pretty loud in there. If you're looking for a quiet meal, this definitely isn't the place to go. It's got a bit of a sports bar feel to it, with sports games playing on both the big screens and the small TV screens inside the booths. But everybody always seems to be having a good time, and I can still manage to have a conversation with my table without having to shout at anybody.They have the Chef's burgers menu, and also have build-your-own options for burgers and milkshakes (both alcoholic and not). They have non-beef options, such as chicken, turkey, or salmon. They even have a veggie burger and a specialty vegan burger, along with various salad options for all the non-meat eaters out there. All of the Chef's burgers come with skinny fries, but you can change those out for any of their other side options. (I usually opt for sweet potato fries.) If you do a build-your-own, you can add on those side options for $3-6.I personally am OBSESSED with the Hubert Keller burger. I mean, I dream about this burger. I wake up craving it. And then I bug everyone I know to give me an excuse to go get one. It's a buffalo burger topped with sauteed baby spinach, caramelized onions, and blue cheese. Each component on that burger compliments every other component. It comes with a Red Wine Shallot reduction on the side, and it just puts the burger over the top. It took a couple visits for me to get my dad to try it (he was scared of buffalo meat for some reason), but I practically shoved a bite down his throat and now he's hooked. Buffalo meat is amazing!A close second (in my opinion) would have to be the Peppercorn burger. If you're a fan of pepper and mustard, THIS is the burger for you.Then of course, there are the milkshakes. Holy crap! So yummy! I've had both the Nutella and the Salted Caramel milkshakes. Both are sooo delicious. When ordering shakes "for here" they are decorated beautifully. Very artistic. But you can also order them to-go, and they'll put it in a plastic cup with a nice wide straw so you can take it with you. I also recommend the Creamy Cheese Cake burger. This is a dessert alternative to the milkshake, filled with sweetened cream cheese and caramelized pineapple. The "bun" is made with fresh donuts! Mmm Mmm! They're a little small though, so...unless you just want a bite, I recommend skipping the "Let's split a dessert" part of the conversation and just keep it all to yourself.We've never once had a bad experience here. Our servers have always been friendly, they are mindful of any modifications we make, and our burgers are always cooked to perfection. Service CAN be a little slow though. Depending on how busy they are, it may be hard to track down said server for drink refills or extra sauce. And once they take your order, you can expect to be sitting there twiddling your thumbs for 15-20 minutes with nothing on the table but beverages. (There is also a longer wait on the dessert burgers.) But! They DO cook everything to order, so it's completely understandable and well worth that wait.
4	Good Food Great Drinks, I would for sure go back
3	Perhaps my expectations were too high b/c Hubert Keller's name is attached to this restaurant. I thought my burger would be the best burger ever.It was good. Above average. But I couldn't say it was better than a burger at... Cheesecake Factory. So... right. What did set this place apart was the fat (vs the skinny) french fries. Crispy and delicious. Maybe the skinny ones were good too, but I didn't try those!It's a family friendly and convenient spot for ppl staying at the Mandalay Bay or THEhotel.
5	My group and I ordered 3 Kobe beef burger with foie gras, total turned out to be around $200 because we ate wayyyy too much. Foie Gras- ummm, not the best experience I've had. i drenched it in the burger sauce because I couldn't taste the scrumptiousness of the foie gras. I wouldn't recommend Burger Bar if you're solely here for that.The nutella sandwich- which is essentially a chunk of nutella squeezed between two donuts and gelatin is a heart attack on a platter. Just make sure you exercise for the next 3 days so you don't die, because it's really yummy!
4	We have eaten here several times and have always had a good burger. The atmosphere is great. I can't say anything bad at all.
2	The Skinny: quote the hubs - "You can get this same s*(t for half the price at a hospital cafeteria or the frozen food aisle at Walmart. Frankly, Hubert Keller should be ashamed to serve such swill." (2) sticky seats, slow service at the bar (2) value: skip this joint and head to Five Guys or In and Out - way better in terms of quality, cleanliness and value. (2)We went here for happy hour on a weekday and it was as boisterous and loud as if it were a weekend. This place is pretty hopping and there were a crowd of people waiting to be seated.Luckily, we only wanted to try the happy hour so we were able to walk through and find a small space at the end of the bar to settle ourselves in. Another gentleman told us - "just grab a chair... that's what I did". So we did precisely that. Unfortunately, the seat that I stole was inherently sticky from some unknown substance which kind of increased the "ew" factor. In addition to this, it took a long while to get menus or heck! even get anyone to acknowledge our presence.We ordered their buffalo wings, chicken strips, plate of 3 sliders and their wedge salad.Their buffalo wings had a nice texture however it was nothing special to me. The seasoning of the wings was a standard hot sauce just like what you can get anywhere else. The dressing it was served with lack any sort of distinctive flavor - if you can't tell if it's ranch or blue cheese that's pretty freaking bad. The chicken strips had a heavy slightly salty breading that tasted like what you'd get at any average cafeteria. Same goes for the fries.The wedge salad was kind of disappointment because the tomatoes were on the mealy side. Yuck!Finally their sliders. It was rather unfortunate that their meat is inadequately seasoned which ruined it all for me.All in all, the food here is edible but hardly more than that. Given Hubert Keller's reputation, it should be way better than this. Factor in the cost...this place is a 2 star in my book.
4	One of the best burgers I've ever had!
3	Not a bad place.  Food was good.  Burgers were a little bit pricey for ok for a place off of the strip...
4	First time trying this place. Food is great but our service was awful! The busboy did more for us than our waitress. Food is also a little pricey, but still good flavor.
5	BEST burger ever.... You must try this place it's an experience. Go there hungry you are not going to be disappointed....
3	bf and i ate here when we went to vegas.  i was searching out burger places cause i am secretly competing with him to make the best burger (he thinks he makes an amazing burger).  i was never a big burger eater but i am eating as many burgers as possible now so i can perfect my recipe and since we were in vegas i couldn't pass hubert keller's burger bar up.  we arrived here and it looked super packed but we didn't care and sat at the bar.  pretty loud ambiance and was a little difficult to keep up a conversation.  extensive beer list but we had magic hats.  really good beer which i've had before.  so on to the food i mean i was kinda drunk by then and hungry so food should've tasted good so burger bar had a +1 already on my end.  i made my own burger with the bison meat and i forgot what my bf had.  the burger patty was pretty large, looked juicy, tasted good but like... not amazing.  it wasn't really memorable and it was pretty expensive which i expected but for being expensive i wanted something mind-blowing.  fries were ok.  i mean i guess if you just want a big normal burger then eat there but don't set your expectations too high.
5	This is #2 out of the best burgers ever #1 is in NYC  and #3 is in NJ.  I had the Kobe Beef burger and it was amazing.  If you are in the area and want a memorable burger this is the place.
5	The Best Burger I have ever had. No question! Service could be a little better. The place was pretty busy at the time and it took a little to get served. But once you get the food you forget any small things!
3	Overall experience was good if your looking for a bite to eat that is inside the Mandalay Bay.  We sat at the bar to eat.I would give 5 stars to our waiter/bartender Carlos. He was right their all the time if we needed anything!
4	When I first heard about this place and the famous $60 Rossini burger, and that my guy went without me & I was soooo pissed off!  All I talked about was going here, and finally 1 year later I made it!  Foie Gras, and shaved truffles on a kobe wagyu burger. What else can I really say!I was thinking, oh my gosh, I'll never be able to finish this and it's gonna go to waste. But when this gem of a burger was delivered to my table I was pleasantly surprised at it's simplicity. It  was perfectly sized and not over garnished. It comes with a side of sprouts and little cup of brown sauce which you can drizzle on your burger, or use to dip your fries. Some might think, well that's just silly spending $60 on a burger, but it does come with a dessert or shake of your choice. All in all pretty damn good, and I look forward to trying their other creations! Be aware that there is often a wait so make a reservation or plan accordingly.
5	Definitely one of the top five burgers of my life and I have had a few.Natural source beef, smoked Gouda cheese, pepper bacon, and truffle mayo.  Order that and thank me later.Beyond the phenomenal food Burger Bar gets five stars for the following reasons.1.Our waiter Sergio (I think) took great care of us.  Good recommendations and excellent timing.2.  The prices are cheap by Vegas standards.  Burgers for two with a fry sampler and a few beers came in around ~50$.3.  The hostess made a mistake and seated us in a section that was set to be occupied by a large group.  We were seated for maybe 5 minutes when the manager came over, apologized profusely and politely asked us to move a few booths down.  Our group was fine with his apology and had no problem with moving.  He insisted on knocking 20% off our bill which was an unneeded but nice gesture.  The manager also made sure to check on us and seemed genuinely concerned that we had a good time (which we did).4.  They had an excellent beer selection.  Over the last few years I have been happy with good beers making their way to Vegas and Burger Bar has jumped on that bandwagon.  I had a few Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA and there were three or four more beers I would have gladly ordered.Burger Bar.... we will definitely be back.
4	Have passed by here numerous times during the epic Vegas trips and this past time decided to eat here upon recommendation from my cousin.I do like the concept of building your own burger.To those of you in the Bay Area, its like The Counter but betterOpted for the Kobe beef (although it was delicious, I didn't notice a difference between your USDA beef). I was smacking myself in the head for totally overlooking to add some kind of sauce to the burger (big mistake). Great atmosphere, TVs, and I highly recommend the ICE CREAM SHAKES. One of the best shakes I've ever had You won't be disappointed & well worth the price.  This place will become a staple for future Vegas trips for me
5	i try to come to this place evertime i come to vegas love there hamburgers cant go wrong with this place check it out
4	Great service! They send the food out quick, price it moderately, and are very willing to help out with dietary restrictions. I am a vegetarian and don't eat much dairy...the server was quick to come up with something delicious to fit my needs. Not an upscale place by any means, but good food at the right price on the Strip! The boyfriend said the milkshakes are phenom too! :)
5	Aesome burgers
3	This is another of those places run by a celeb chef jumping into the burger craze that has hit everyone on this planet.  Tried the American Classic, Peppercorn, fries and the Caesar Salad.  The burgers were okay.  They did come at the desired temperature but its not like the pate was anything special.  The Peppercorn burger in fact has too find a grind on the pepper resulting almost a dusty tasting burger.  The bun these come in was quite good, but not good enough to make me succumb to eating it.  The fries were excellent, crunchy outside and light and fluffy inside.  The surprise was the salad, which was excellent.  This looked like hand torn leaves definitely a house made dressing with the perfect touch of creaminess with the gentlest hint of anchovy in the back, just delicious.Very pricey, but hey if you are going to gamble on a burger, where else would you do it but Vegas!
5	I came back to Burger Bar on my most recent trip to Vegas. Why? Because I had an amazing burger on my first visit. Vegas has a million different restaurants and some exceptional burgers. I was pretty eager to try BurGR by Gordon Ramsay but ended up deciding to come back to Burger Bar. I'm pretty pleased with my decision.While I typically like to try new menu items on a return visit to a restaurant, I knew I wanted another Hubert Keller Burger. Just like my previous visit, it was flawless.I had initially dinged Burger Bar a star because I thought service was mediocre and the cleanliness level was lacking. I'm pleased to report that everything was spotless, no sticky residue anywhere, and service was spot-on. Perhaps next trip to Vegas I'll branch out and try another burger spot.... maybe...
5	Super good burgers! Went there after a concert and the people there were super friendly. Took our order quickly, I went to the bathroom and when I got back, I sat for two minutes before our food was there. Loved it! No complaints here.
3	This place, like SOOOO many others in Vegas, makes a great burger.  I agree with many of the other reviews on here that have noted that they are just jumping into the celebrity chef / flavor-of-the-month equation.  Don't get me wrong, the burgers are great, but the bar is set quite high in Vegas.
4	Had a great lunch here.  Took about 15 minutes to get seated but it was worth it.  Service was excellent.  My Hangover Burger was perfectly cooked and very tasty.  I would recommend this place to anyone who shares my love of burgers!
4	The food at the Burger Bar was really good!  I tried the sliders, which is a nice way to sample some of the different meats (loved the Buffalo) and my son did up a custom burger with bacon and a fried egg, which he loved.  Their onion rings are killer, but the cheeze sticks and the fried mac and cheese seemed to have come from Costco or something - nothing special.  Their spicy ketchup and the aoli sauces were both amazing, with both the burgers and the onion rings and fries.  We tried the truffle mayo, though and that was pretty disappointing.  It just tasted like mayo.  And it was $1.50 for  tiny side of it, where as the far superior aoli and spicy ketchup was only $.50.  (Be sure to ask because while they advertise a sampler of sides and sauces, they actually charge you for each one!  It was a bit confusing.)The milkshakes, too, were SO good, too. My son did a custom one with some crazy concoction of stuff but I had the Black and White, which was killer.  I could have eaten a whole bowl of the chocolate whipped cream alone. Really a good place with tasty food.  If you are a burger and/or milkshake fan, you'll enjoy this place!
4	It is tough to rate burger restaurants because after a while they all start to taste the same, but Burger bar is really good! They are definately one of the top 5 burger places in Las Vegas!They have a menu of premade selections that come the way the house intended them including regular burgers, buffalo, lamb, and ones with many cheeses and grilled toppings. Then they also ahve a section where you build your own burger and select what type of meat, bread, and toppings. I had a naturesource burger with cheddar cheese, pepper bacon, and "hangover" sauce. It was delicious, the burger was cooked perfectly and was juicy and seasoned well. The bread was soft and the toppings went together perfectly. I was very satisfied and the only negative is that if you dont stick with a basic burger it can get expensive for a burger. If you start adding toppings or upgrade to dry aged meat etc. you can end with a burger over $20.00, otherwise it was awesome!
2	Went on a Thursday night and were told 15mins for a table of five, we walked away grabbed a drink elsewhere and came back. Were told they are just waiting for a table large enough to fit us. No problem, seated soon after that.The music got a little repetitive, like it sounded as if one song was stuck on repeat. The burger came out cooked exactly like I asked to medium rare. Had foie gras on it and thick cut fries with aioli. Great taste, great bun. A friend at the table got the "truffle sauce" and it was more like a broth that they drizzled truffle oil into 5 hours ago. No truffle taste what so ever. Ive had better burgers, but this was one of the few times it actually came out perfectly to the temp ordered by everyone at the table! The server sighed as we asked him to pay the check with 3 cards as if pressing the button to split on the POS system and having to swipe not one but 3 cards was some painful process. Love to see him when the POS system goes down and he actually has to go old school on the knuckle busters and have to actually write out totals. Sorry to be so difficult. On the way out we couldnt even get the 3 hostess to look up and acknowledge we were leaving and say good bye or thank you. The bussers dont care about the right of way either twice we were nearly run over as we were walking out and it wasnt like they were doing 700 covers that night. Overall the food was way better then expected but the service needs some serious work and improvement. Would go back again and just sit at the bar.
4	I had the Hubert Keller burger and it was gooooooooood. And the hazelnut milkshake. Yuuuuuuuuuum. That is all.
4	Came here on my quest for foie gras. According to yelp, this is one of the most affordable places to find foie on the strip. We walked up at 8pm on a Tuesday and found that it was a 45 minute wait for a table. However their bar seating goes all the way to the back of the restaurant (pretty long) and we were able to find seats at the end of the bar. We ordered Fried pepper jack "shots"/ breaded cheese balls that are breaded and fried. They were crisp and the cheese inside was soft but not too oozy. The flavor was solid but towards the end of the dish it became apparent that it was just cheese. I love cheese so for me that was a plus, but be prepared for a lack of flavor development. "Naturesource" (I think free range) Patty, onion bun, carmelized onions, foie gras/ the foie gras add on was an extra $13, making this burger run around $26. I was splitting with my husband and they split the plates without us asking but then also charged us a $2 split plate fee. The foie gras was about a third of a full one, which for $13 isn't bad. I actually removed it from my burger so I could taste it on its own. The patty was too thick for the foie.. I would recommend adding the truffle sauce ($5) as this dish was a little on the dry side without. The onions were carmelized beautyfully, and the patty was perfectly cooked.I would return.
5	One of my clients recommended I try this place out and it was great - it did not disappoint. Get the classic burger on the menu - I believe its called the american? Get the truffle mayo - it is so worth it. This is located between mandalay and the luxor. Give it a try!
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't been said by 1500 other people? Hands down the best burger I've ever had in my life!I've been here twice, and the first time I rated this as the 4th or 5th best burger in town. But the issue was that I got one of their pre-made selections on the left side of the menu. I think I got a Peppercorn burger or something, but it was a "good" not "great" experience. The next time I got adventurous and made my own burger. When you mix a high quality meat with the bun/cheese/toppings that you like, this burger will blow your minds. It was a little more expensive with the high-quality beef, but worth every penny.What's that, and they have a good beer selection?Make-your-own milskshakes you say?I only have good things to say about this place. Go here. Go here now.
5	very great food.
5	Sat at the bar and had a great experience.  Service was quick, friendly, and refreshing after a recent experience at Gordon Ramsey's.  I LOVE Burger Bar and as a local, always recommend.
2	My bad for ordering the Grilled Shrimp Salad ($13) at a burger-focused restaurant. That said, it was still disgusting. 5 well-grilled and butterflied shrimp lay on a bed of completely plain mixed greens (no onions, tomatoes, vinaigrette, nada) topped with olive oil and red bell peppers/zucchini strips that had been cooked to death at one point and then set aside long enough to become slimy. It felt like I was hunting for worms in a lettuce patch. Never again. I left at least 60% of the salad for the garbage.Bloody marys ($12) are a 5-star affair, if you're looking for a drink while you're there. Good tomato-to-spiciness ratio, and comes with cheese-stuffed olives. Yum!I'd definitely give this place another go, sticking solely with a BURGER next time. My friend had the Hubert Keller ($21) and after the first bite said he jizzed himself. Seems promising. Til' then, cheers!
4	This place id definitely a top 5 buger place in Las Vegas. I went in for lunch and the hosteses were very nice especially Maegan who was especially helpful! I built my own burger and had the aged beef with pepper bacon, cheddar, and hangover sauce. The meat was delicious and the toppings were a perfect match for the burger. It was juicy and the potato bun was soft. I would definately recommend it to my friends as  a top place in town. The only reason it is not a 5 star rating is that it can get expensive when you build your own burger. Mine was around 20 dollars and it wasnt really that "exotic" to be that much (meaning i didnt add crazy stuff like shrimp or foie gras) Other than that is was awesome and I will definately go again.
4	Food was sooooo good! Service was great. I did think it was a bit dumb that in order to have happy hour you had to sit at the bar?  Thats just weird.
5	I had the Kobe burger with a Kahlua milkshake.  OMG, I thought I'd died and gone to Ireland.  It was my first Kobe burger and it just melted in my mouth, I don't remember chewing.  Hubert Keller is a burger genius.  You spend a little extra money but it's a great treat for yourself to have.  Awesome!
5	Going out for a fancy hamburger sounds silly, right?  Well, it's not.  This is one of my favorite places because the atmosphere is good, the food is excellent, and it's a great place to take friends to visit--the booths are perfect for private conversations.The fries and dipping sauce flights are fun, and the burgers are juicy and flavorful.  Try to make a reservation if you can because weekend dinner-times seem to have a lot of walk-ins and you could be waiting a while....
5	Best burger I've ever had with excellent service to boot need I say more? Probably not but will I of course. The food here is awesome. My burger always comes out medium rare and I never have a problem not getting my toppings. I usually order the Angus burger with chipotle mayo, portobello mushrooms, caramelized onions and avocado with pepper jack cheese. Fat fries are a must of course and you simply have to try the awesomeness of the nutella milk shakes. The service is excellent. The food comes out after being cooked perfectly and you never feel like you're being ignored. This place is definitely my favorite burger but it also has my favorite shake. I have tried plenty of other burger places but always make my way back to burger bar.
3	It was good, not great.  But, really, how can you eff up a burger?I got the kobe 1/2lb burger on a potato bun and added pepper jack, chipotle aoli, and guacamole.  Add some onion rings and a soda and . . . $36?!  You would think at that price, it would've at least been a damn good burger.  It wasn't.  A double-double at In-n-Out is better -- at $2.80.  I'll pass.
3	Service is alright. I'm a turkey burger person, this place doesn't impress me at all. The pepper jack shots are my favorite thing on the menu. I've had beef burgers and they're alright but not for the price I don't think. They do have a fun make your own milk shake menu which is fun. I'm sure ill be back as my friends are big fans but save your money for a better burger.
2	Disappointing.  I have been wanting to try this place since I first moved to Vegas several years ago.  If a burger is truly outstanding, then I would be OK spending $30 for it.  I know it is possible, I have had great burgers before, but this fell quite short.Service was friendly and attentive, though they seemed to be in a hurry for us to leave, though the tables were half empty and it was midday.I opted for the Dry Aged Angus, which was a slightly more expensive option.  I chose cheese, caramelized onions and the red wine reduction with shallots.  I was surprised to find the burger to be quite under-seasoned.  The burger itself was good, but was missing that charred beef flavor your get from a great burger.  Though it wasn't dry, it wasn't juicy, either.  I would have expected a beef mix with enough fat to have flavor and keep it from being dry.The skinny fried were OK.
4	Next time I'm in Vegas and craving a burger...I'm coming here and I'm gonna order the Foie Gras burger all for myself.  OMG the foie gras was delicious, rich, and melt in your mouth yummy!  The strong mushroom flavor coming from the black truffles was oh so good too!Honestly, if you're gonna splurge and indulge in a burger...come here and pay $60 for the famous Foie Gras burger.   ::I was kinda drooling while writing this review::
4	straight forward: great service, only reason one star was taken off was: burger fell apart, wasn't constructed well, and over-pricey. Everything else though, food was bomb, etc. etc. Can't lie, food was good, nutella milkshake yum..
2	By now, you all know about my ongoing love and search for, the perfect turkey burger. I've had many delicious ones in my day and when I arrived in Vegas and saw the Burger Bar sign, I thought I hit the jackpot. The wait was long, but the bar was open, so we took advantage. I had a really good pear ale to start while I looked over the menu. Burger Bar offers a build-your-own burger type of menu. One has the option of choosing from a variety of meats (including the most important one; TURKEY), types of bread, condiments, cheeses, and other toppings. I had a turkey burger with bacon, cheddar, bbq sauce, spinach, and tomatoes. It was a combination of all the things I hold dear on a burger. My taste buds and I were very excited, but I was slightly let down by my food. The toppings were good, but the turkey was dry - really dry. The french fries were ok, but not amazing. Meh, next time I am in Vegas, I will probably bypass Burger Bar. I paid a whole lot of Vegas money for a mediocre meal. It left my stomach sad.
1	This place had rave reviews according to Mandalay Bay, go figure.  Not only was it over priced for a dry gourmet burger, the service was not great. The fries were just okay.My recommendation, try an appetizer first such as the sliders.  This you will tell if you will like the meat and will not be surprised by the bill!One star as it is a burger place.As previously mentioned in my tip; DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE.
2	Burger Bar, I really really REALLY wanted to like you. I was so thrilled to be taking a long walk in heels, across a casino, while starving- that's how hyped up I was. Well maybe I should have not set such high expectations and I wouldn't have been so let down. Decor, great, loved it. Comfy booths with individual tvs at your table. Awesome. Cute, friendly waitresses. Cool. I am sure she had nothing to do with the 50 minute wait to get my burger. Really. We were vanished so it didn't take long to decide. My other half went with the hangover burger. I went with the do-it-yourself style. I included cheddar, grilled peppers and onions, homemade mustard (YUM) and spicy ketchup. I could tell the quality of meat was there on the burgers. This was no frozen pre made burger. All the ingredients were fresh. But NOTHING stood out to make my burger $19.75. We also got a milkshake and some cheese shots. (deep fried pepperjack) Our tab came to over $60!! for burgers that were just OK that we waited almost an hour on.No thanks, never again. Move along. I don't mind paying extra for it all, service, food, atmosphere, ambiance. But all of it was simply mediocre.  Waste of time, heels, money, and hunger. NEXT!
4	We frequent this place one every two or three months, not only as it's the spawn of one of my favorite Chef's (Hubert Keller) but these burgers are made with some of the best ingredients in town.  The sweet potato fries are a must as well.  I'm a self deemed foodie so I'm all about customization.  I know you are never supposed to mess with a good thing (as the majority of menus TELL you what you will be ingesting), but I enjoy Chef's approach where you choose your protein, bun and toppings.  Sometimes I'm not always in the mood for the INSERT NUMBER here, so this type of menu opens you up for multiple visits.  During the last visit I had to go with the Angus (mid-rare) on Ciabatta (for the crunch) topped w/ Blue Cheese (addict), Avocado and Carmelized Onions w/ a side of Sweet Potato fries.  Burger came out in about 15 minutes and it was gone in less than 5.  The crunch of the bread w/ the combination of the buttery avocado, saltiness of the blue and sweetness of the onions made me have instant happy face.Very satisfying meal and we will be back next time I swing by Mandalay.  Next time, i'll have to try the Milkshakes as I saw these being served to the Mid-Westerners at the table next to me who were raving that they were "GONNA DIE" because they were so good.
3	I haven't been to Burger Bar in a while. Their burgers are ok but overpriced for what you are getting. Better off going to Gordon Ramsay's place if you are thinking of spending 20 dollars on a burger.
5	We came here for lunch on a Saturday and the place was fairly packed.  We got seats right away and our waitress (Emma) was amazing.  She came over to check on us and would even notice if our drinks were only half full.  She was a much better waitress than the one I had at a $100 steak place last night.  We all ordered burgers, which were good sized and very tasty.  We wanted to get a milkshake (there were lots to choose from), but we were all too full.  Prices were from $10-15 per entree.
4	An awesome alternative to dropping mad duckets at Fleur de Lis if you would like to experience Hubert Keller's food.This place rocks about 6 of their own signature burgers which I find to be kind of low for a Celebrity Chef. With a chef of this caliber I would have loved to have seen more options. I love the idea of having choices, but sometimes can use the guidance of a professional... especially a known professional.You also have the option of completely designing your own burger from the buns, to the meats, to the cheeses, and to the toppings.Your meats range anywhere from your everyday 80/20 blend of ground beef all they way up to American Kobe which is a delicious blend of Black Angus Beef and Japanese Wagyu Beef. Since it's not actual Japanese Kobe Beef one can experience the next best thing next to the original for a fraction of the cost!I'm not really a gamblin man so dropping $25 bucks on a great Cheeseburger is no big deal for me... and the experience last longer than how quickly I don't achieve 21!I've been here a couple of times, but an example of one of the burgers I constructed was this: American Kobe Beef Patty, tender Grilled Onions, an Over Easy Egg, crispy delicious Bacon, American Cheese, and a perfectly balanced BBQ Sauce with Sweet Potato Fries. I found this combination most mouth watering and delicious that had my eyes rolling in the back of my head in pure culinary ecstasy. The burger was smooth and juicy and was complemented exquisitely by the other components of this burg!I just couldn't bring myself to giving them a perfect score because some "Amuse Douche" server that was working on that visit just made my entire visit simply horrible. He was arrogant, argumentative, and his facial expressions were appalling. Someone definitely woke up on the wrong side of the bed that morning in turn leaving (pun intended) a bad taste in my mouth.Decor inside is modern and warm.The word is out on this place as there is always a line, but it is definitely worth the wait.
2	This place has decent burgers, but it's definitely something you can skip. That being said, it reminds me of fancier Red Robin.
3	The burgers here were pretty decent I suppose. This place is your average fast food restaurant. It is a step above McDonalds and the food is ok, but it's not really anything that I would rant or rave about either way. The server was your typical fast food server, behind the table wasn't rude, there was nothing wrong with him. It had the typical fountain drink type fountain. It was definitely A-Ok, I wouldn't say don't go there. For the Vegas strip it was very decent, it just didn't have anything that made it standout.
2	Very disappointed with my recent visit.  This place has gone downhill since my last visit. I visited this place when it first opened decided to go during our LV vacation.  Food: 2, sliders were dry, nothing like what is shown on hotel tv.  Kobe burgers were average at best.Service: 2, got my salmon burger order completely wrong, probably gave me someone else's order.Ambience: 3 average, best part was the free photos at the entrance, nice touch.Probably not going back, sorry Hubert.
2	Not worth the price. Kobe beef should be seasoned better. Prices are too high and the service is average
1	Not worth the money. The Kobe burger was not season well. It's overrated don't waste your money or time.
1	My friends and I went here on a recent trip to vegas. Saw all the yelp reviews and figured we had to give it a shot......... We all had burgers of various kinds with fries and a soda. None of the burgers stood out because the only thing we really tasted was the ton of salt that had been put on it and the fries. We all three left feeling Ill from the OD of salt.
4	What can I say... I love the Burger Bar! My husband and I always make a trip here when we are in Las Vegas. We just stayed at Mandalay Bay over Labor Day weekend so we had a short walk to one of our favorite spots.I have to say, the Kobe Beef is one of the best I have ever had. It is so delicious and just melts in your mouth. But if you want to keep it basic (and less expensive) the Angus Beef is a great choice as well! You really can't go wrong.The only reason I am giving Burger Bar only 4 stars is because our server was a bit off. When we told him he left bacon off of one of the burgers, he said "well then there's a kitchen full of Mexicans I need to go yell at". It was so off color and uncomfortable for our entire table that we really didn't want to deal with him any longer.Other than that odd experience, the food and ombiance is amazing.
1	Not worth it.  Period.  Full stop.  End of discussion.  Saying this is an alternative to Fleur is like saying that a Hyundai with "Ferrari" spray painted on the hood is an alternative to a fine Italian automobile.I was fully prepared to love this place.  Had the $60 burger.  Was with a companion that ordered the second most expensive burger.  Had a couple sides/appetizers.Again, not worth it.  The $60 burger is very good, but it's worth more like $25 or $30.  Most everything else?  Typical diner fare.  When I'm at a place that serves a 60 dollar burger, and numerous 16-23 dollar burgers, I don't expect to get appetizers out of a food service of America bag, but that's exactly what I got.  Mozzarella sticks at BB should not be the same ones you get at Denny's for 5 dollars. Period.  Eff this place.If you want to be upscale, be upscale.  If you want to be a Denny's alternative, be a Denny's alternative.  Mixing and matching the two is just deception.  It's BS.  That's why this place sucks, and I'll never go there again.
3	There is so much hype about Burger Bar, I think it caused me to have unrealistic expectations.   Your burgers are good, and cooked to order, but nothing that really wow-ed me. I also didn't love your fries.. They didn't have a ton of flavor. And, I think naming them 'skinny fries' threw me off thinking they'd be baked healthy fries, instead of typical deep fried ones. It was good. But not so much so I'm rushing back to Vegas just for a burger.
4	Wow! Best burger I ever had! The service was not the best but Kobe burger is worth ton!
5	Greats burgers , great costumer services , I will definitely come back and recommend this place
4	Stopped in because it was the only thing open, without much expectation, and pleasantly surprised! I got the sliders and they were delicious! it was a variation of three kinds and all were good. Fries were cooked just right! I would reccomend this place! Even though there were closing shortly, the staff was extra friendly!
2	Why does this place have so many good reviews. The service was slow and not a lot of people were in there for a Saturday night and the burgers were pretty dry and plain. Nothing special at all.
2	I was not impressed at all...I got the slider sampler...had the opportunity to try the buffalo burger, natural fed, and angus need burgers. Burgers were prob decent, but the bread was sub-par, if not just plain awful. A part of a great burger is the bread, and Burger missed the boat on that one! Fries...nothing to brag about...I would maybe try again, but there are so many options here, maybe not!
3	Solid choice for above average burgers and fries. Variety of dipping sauces for the fries is a bonus. Was a little underwhelmed considering its reputation.
4	Three of us had just seen the Shark Reef and we were exploring the Mandalay Bay when we decided to stop and eat.  We had seen Hubert Keller on TV showing us how to make a few different burgers but what caught our attention was the veggie burger.  We thought hmm that sounds pretty good and then forgot about it.  Because who is gonna make just a little bit of rice, lentils, and the several other ingredients it takes to make the patty?  Easier to go to the Burger Bar and order it.  I loved it and it was only eight dollars, hands down the cheapest burger on the menu.  My sister in law had the Angus Beef burger with bacon and blue cheese and was very happy with her choice.  We shared sampling of sweet potato fries, fried zucchini strips, regular fries, and fried onion rings.  Even though it was fried nothing seemed greasy.  You can pick special condiments you want but they charge you for it or you can just use the bottle of ketchup and mustard on the table.  We got a ranch dressing, a spicy mayo that wasn't so spicy, and a homemade ketchup which was a bit spicy.   I don't how much the total was because my sister in law picked up the tab.I enjoyed my meal and liked the fact that I got to try Hubert Keller's recipe.  I expect that his cooks have been trained to execute it to his standards and that the ingredients are high end.
2	I've been waiting a long time to go here and now that I have, I was let down. I ordered the buffalo burger with custom toppings, included truffled mayo. I couldn't have imagined the burger would be so bland. That's because Burger Bar committed the number one food crime: not properly seasoning the food. When I tasted the burger meat alone, it didn't have salt and pepper. It's certainly not what I would have expected when I paid $30 for a burger, and surely not up to the standards of Chef Hubert Keller. This is his place after all. It wasn't a bad burger, but it was a disappointment, and quite frankly, I've had way better burgers on the strip.
4	One of my favorite burger joints in Vegas.  You basically build your burger the way you want it, choosing the type of beef, bun, cheese and toppings.  No need to get too fancy because even the base beef is great!  The Alcoholic Shakes are tasty and you can't detect the alcohol.
5	This place is what you want for a great burger! I've been to many burger places on The Strip and this is #1! I had a Buffalo Burger with truffle mayo, portobello mushrooms, and cheddar cheese. Excellent pairing with a Blue Moon draft! Also, the service was excellent. I went here 2 days in a row.
5	I loved it, I got to pick what I wanted on my burger and it was delicious! The meat perfectly prepared and delicious. I loved the truffle mayo it added such a delicious flavour to the burger. Define rely will be back next time I'm in vegas.
4	The overall concept was nice and a good use of space. The Fry Sampler was just what our table needed; especially if you want to try a few things without gorging yourself before the main course. The Fat fries were nice and crispy, the zucchini fries taste great with ranch, and I was surprised at the flavor of the onion rings because I am not a big fan of onion rings. I ordered the veggie burger on wheat, which was a nice portion size. The homemade dijon mustard is a must for this "burger".  Our waitress Mary was very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.
4	I always have a soft spot for a good burger and this place delivers.  Best Bloody Mary ..well if I remember right..haha.It has been a while since visiting this Fav place for a local.  But, I like choosing my own combo to make a perfect burger. I have been there about 3-4 times and can be A bit crowded, but good indication the food is worth it.Cheers..get the Bloody Mary. :0P
2	The beers are good.  Avoid the Veggie Burger, it is mushy and bland.
5	I came here after a show at House of Blues and split the Rossini Burger with my hubby. Definitely worth the $60 bucks. We paired it with the Green Flash Double stout. Dessert was okay, didn't knock our socks off I love a good Krispy Kreme and the Nutella patty with hazelnuts brought it up a notch. The guava gelatin "cheese" didn't really add anything (except aesthetics) but it was a nice gesture. 5 stars just for the excellent burger with kobe beef, fois gras and truffles.
5	Awesome burgers - great staff
4	Be forewarned: If you have trouble spending $20 on a burger, do not come to Burger Bar. I have been to BB many 'o times. It has become a staple when any of my family visits. It seems like the only times people are not satisfied is when they have a mental block regarding the price because it is a simple (and usually cheap) American standard. For my money, BB is well worth it - and I am not even a burger lover by any means. The ingredients are high quality and the food is usually executed perfectly. The beer selection is great and they throw in just enough wine options. The service is usually decent, but there has been some suspect service for a Strip property (especially considering how easy of a job it is at this joint). The blah decor, and a little inconsistency on the food and more so on the service is what holds BB back from five stars. Tip: All of the meat here is high quality. Skip the more expensive beef options and go with the least expensive. I have tried them all and more expensive options are not worth the extra dough.
4	Pretty good food. Always busy though. Decent service. Great milkshakes.
2	My family and I were here last Christmas and we were highly disappointed in our burgers. The only one in our group that liked the food was my mother...and she did NOT order a burger!! She had wings! So that says a lot. lol The rest of us agreed that our burgers were bland and tasteless and just not good. I've had way better burgers at Five Guys or IN N' Out or Astro Burger.  Very disappointed!
3	Food just ok but location and service solid for mid day lunch meeting. Easy atmosphere to have conversation.
4	From what I can recall, the burger was juicy with just the right amount of pink in the middle.  The Guiness Shake, one of the best shakes I have EVER had!  The sweet potato fries, not your soggy type but a crisp flaky feeling of goodness coupled with an amazing lunch experience in Vegas.Will I go back?  Most definitely.  It's time to try some of their other meals on menu.
4	I spend a lot of time at the Mandalay and the Burger Bar is one of my favorite spots. The food is pretty good - always order a specialty burger. My favorite thing about the burger bar though is that in the hustle that is Las Vegas the burger bar staff doesn't rush me out.
5	We've been semi-regulars (maybe a few times a year) of Fleur De Lys in San Francisco (and it is one of the few fine dining establishments we give repeat business) so when I was unexpectedly in Las Vegas overnight last week I decided to try this out (having heard of it before, and fully knowing there's one in San Francisco near me). I ordered the Rossini -- because this IS a Hubert Keller establishment I didn't want anything plane jane. Arguably the best burger I have ever tasted. Cooked perfectly, the truffle sauce was amazing and the fois gras was a treat I can no longer have in California. Furthermore, the Chocolate Burger dessert  was both beautiful in appearance and amazing in taste. I sat at the bar and the bartenders were very friendly and helpful. Highly recommended if you are in Vegas. Super convenient if you are staying at Mandalay, Luxor or Excalibur (it's in the shopping tunnel between Luxor and Mandalay Bay)
4	Came here with friends.  Large beer selection, plenty of options. Made a custom burger with jalapeno bacon, pepper jack cheese, chipotle aoli. No burger is complete without SWEET POTATO FRIES!  Yum!!  =) Will definitely be back to try their shakes!
2	This was great back in the day, its lost some of it's touch...OK for a quick fix...
3	Better than average but not getting 4 stars.   Do yourself a favor and get a basic burger.    No lobster and you'll be happier.
4	I love a good burger. I heard a ton of hype surrounding Burger Bar, so I was stoked to check it out. Was it as good as the reviews and press made it out to be? Nah. But that doesn't mean it wasn't a good burger. First off. They don't take reservations. This place is PACKED, so call ahead and get on the waiting list, or be prepared to wait 30-60 minutes for dinner. For a Vegas restaurant, I was a bit surprised at how small it is. We called when we were heading over there though, and ended up only having to wait less than 10 minutes.I do love the fact that you can build your own burger and they have a lot of options. They have a few burger options on the menu too. I built my own burger with Black Angus beef, bleu cheese, caramelized onions, peppered bacon and chipotle aioli on a cibatta bun. It was a tasty burger. But it wasn't out of this world amazing. The prices are a bit high, but you do get a gigantic 1/2 pound burger. I couldn't even finish it. Fries are extra though, and were really not that impressive. I enjoyed the little tv's at each booth, and there was a great beer selection. I don't see this as a must in Vegas, but if you enjoy burgers, you'd enjoy the Burger Bar.
3	Great? no. Decent - a surprising yes.We needed a place to go with our 3.5 year old; and, well, French Fries are her primary sustenance. The Burger Bar more than adequately met our needs.A big plus is the fact that they have gluten free buns, fries and beers (I wish they had the best GF beer in the world - Harvester). I didn't expect such a windfall in a place like Las Vegas (sorry - no offense Vegas). The quality of the food stuffs was also remarkably high. From the choice of meats to the "make your own burger" toppings - everything was really well prepared. My one fault to the place - it has the feel of a Denny's. The overall ambiance is a bit lacking. This is not outside of general expectation - especially as the restaurant is on the LV Strip; but, it would have been nice if the overall decor and ambiance of the Burger Bar were a bit more "upscale."
5	Don't normally eat hamburgers but this place is great.   The large French fries are just like the good old days.    This is a must stop on the Las Vegas strip
3	Decent burger, decent fries and sides, competent service.I've avoided the Burger Bar in San Francisco because of previous disappointment with Hubert Keller's Fleur de Lys in SF (one of The City's most over-rated eateries), but this establishment is both tasty and semi-reasonable (for Vegas).If the noise level had been lower they might have gotten another 1/2 star of so, but the all-hard-surface dining room is very noisy when full.
5	Great burgers, great bottled beer selection, and great sides. I don't know what else to brag about! The waitress was knowledgeable and friendly. My only wish is that they carried a more craft influenced tap beer selection. They have moved 100 great bottles but a super mediocre tap selection. I couldn't finish my burger and even reheated the next day it was delicious.
3	I like their burgers but I wasn't overwhelmed by their deliciousness. Next time I think I'm gonna start with a milkshake and move forward from there cause I never get around to it. Not enough room in the tummy ;(My husband had a buffalo burger and he loved it. I split a burger with a friend. I'm always annoyed when they charge you a split fee. Next time I just won't tell them I'm splitting my burger. Overall I'd say they are good but not great.
5	Definitely the BEST burger in Las Vegas (and the salmon is fantastic-ask to have the chef blacken it). Superb beer, ale and stouts. Innis & Gunn Whiskey Cask Stout on the list! If you have a larger party, call them 1st (they don't take reservations) and let 'em know you are coming.
5	hubert keller has perfected all things culinary. It's as simple as that. this is the only place Ill go for a buffalo burger anymore.
2	Food was great but the service was awful. We never even got refills on our drinks when we asked numerous times. Burger was the best part of the experience.
4	I always love a place that serves yummy burgers, and since Burger Bar had the expectation in their title, my boyfriend and I set to try it out. I'm a local and don't usually go to strip locations for the simple fact that everything is just more expensive. We didn't have to wait long, maybe about 10 minutes to get a seat and this was around the afternoon, right before dinner. We were seated at a table right at the entryway and it was kind of a bother, but we didn't want to wait for a booth. The burgers were pretty awesome, although I couldn't finish mine but lo and behold--my appetite came back when I saw that they had a yummy Nutella milkshake on the menu!! Way worth the trip!
3	I had their bean burger which was ok. Fries were not included, in fact it is straight up burgers that are about $12 or more each. It was super crowded and noisy for a Thursday afternoon, so a little pre planning might be necessary. It is the strip afterall
5	Look good to me  Burger Bar will look
2	Eh! This place looks promising after looking at reviews and the menu, but don't be fooled it's not great!  We started by ordering the fries sampler with zucchini, Mac n cheese and pepper jack shots (just fried cheese). This was delicious!' Then we ordered burgers and shakes and beer. The burgers didn't come out as ordered and at the end we were charged for everything we ordered that wasn't on the burger. The burgers took a while. The shake and beer we ordered with our appetizers didn't come out until halfway through the burgers! We also had to remind her twice about them!!  The burgers weren't very good. The pepper bacon was sweet... Shouldn't be! The burger meat was mealy. I would only go back for the shake (Nutella with Godiva chocolate liqueur) and the pepper jack cheese shots. Don't go in with high expectations!
2	I have been dying to eat at Burger. Great atmosphere. Overall, not that good. Loved all the extras you could add, for a fee of course, but the meat itself was bland, bland, bland. I was so disappointed because we waited almost an hr & a half because they were so busy. My hubby said the same about his burger. Absolutely no taste other than the extras. We probably will not be making a trip to Burger Bar anytime soon!!!
1	The food is delicious but I would not  recommend it because they do not have a knife that will cut the food they won't even bring a knife out to you.  No knives in a restaurant is ridiculous, The knife that's at the table will not even cut a piece of bread, and another thing that I thought was strange   was that on the food network they advertised chicken Thai burger sold here, low and behold when I get here they do not have the chicken Thai burger that is very strange if you Google it you will see it come up with the name of that burger and the name of the chef. Also the restrooms are a long walk.
5	The best burger I ever entertained in my mouth was here in Vegas. I loved my burger. I created it and I soooo loved everything about it. I ordered a ciabatta bun with a Angus steak burger, fried egg, bacon and had the chipotle aioli dip for my fries. Dayuuum. Need I say more???The egg's yolk just bled into my ciabatta bun, making it ever more delicious. I love egg yollk. I love Burger Bar. I love bacon. I love everything. Just not the calories.
3	Was excited to try Keller's Burger Bar.  I expected the location to be a little more upscale...like a fancy burger bar but it's much more casual.  I had the signature burger...it was tasty but not out of this world.  It was just a good burger.  We also tried a strawberry shake and it was just ok too.  Happy I visited this place but won't be back with all of the other options in vegas.
3	Would have been 4 stars if it wasn't for the long wait...why does it take so g'damn long to get a g'damn burger?!!
5	Yummy service was great! You must try one of their frozen drinks sooooo good! If your looking for a casual burger joint this us your place. Slightly pricey for burgers but hey it's Vegas baby
5	Excellent burgers...Rossini Burger is a must! Short ribs, lobster tail, black truffles - YUM
4	Slightly hung over after hitting the strip on a crazy Saturday night? ...this is your spot, as it was mine.The location is conveniently inside Mandalay Bay. We were there around 11:30am and walked right in, but the night before there was about an hour wait for dinner time. We were seated at a booth table which feels very private because the booth walls go very high up. You also get your own TV at the table so you can enjoy the game.With my Bloody Mary already in hand, I was in heaven reading over this menu. We decided to keep it semi light and split their wedge salad with the Hubert Keller Burger substituted with Zucchini Fries. It was all delivered hot and quickly. Great flavors, burger actually cooked to proper temperature and waitress put up with our random little requests throughout our meal.Prices are a bit steep, but it's Vegas, would you expect any less?
5	Great place for burger lovers.  They also server up many different beers.  The only burger I get when I am here is the buffalo.  Fresh and tasty.  This time with frois gras.  MMMM!
5	My boyfriend and I were walking through the Mandalay Shops around lunch time so we decided to eat here. We sat at the bar because there was a 15 minute wait. There are lots of TVs showing sports which made my boyfriend happy. The burgers were amazing. We both got the basic patty and added grilled onion and chipotle aioli. They were perfectly cooked and juicy. We got one order of skinny fries which was enough to share and equally delicious as the burgers. Definitely recommend!
5	My husband and I were searching for a place to have dinner while staying at the Mandalay Bay and we decided upon the Burger Bar.  Although the Yelp app stats this restaurant takes reservations it in fact DOES NOT.When we arrived we were told that there would be a 15 minute wait.  It was actually more like a 5 minute wait. Upon entering there was loud music playing overhead and TVs in the booths.  We ended up sitting at a table which was nice because it was more intimate.We checked out the menu and decided to build our own burger.  The choices they have to build your own burger are limited but they did have selections that I liked. I ordered the angus beef with provolone, avocado and portobello mushrooms on a ciabatta bun with a raspberry ice tea. We also ordered the Fry Sampler with mozzarella cheese sticks, onion rings and skinny fries.  When I asked our waitress Daylene (which is a pretty name by the way) if they had honey mustard, she gave me a heads up saying some customers DID LIKE and some customers DID NOT LIKE the honey mustard sauce.  Our sampler came out pretty quickly and the honey mustard was good.When our burgers arrived I realized they did not come with fries on the plate. That was okay because we still had the fries from the sampler.  I have to say, my burger was tasty. Better than a Slaters burger. I actually was only able to eat half of my burger.I'm not sure how kid friendly this restaurant is, but it sure is adult friendly. Would we go back, heck yah we would!!
4	Not bad at all. I've had better but for the price and size in Las Vegas, pretty great.Ordered:Veggie Burger, not bad. Generous size makes this a 4/5. Gluten free bun was perfect.  Could use more seasoning but it was late and they accidentally gave me free fries which were terribly addicting. You will probably overeat but it will be awesome. I take it you'll be tipsy / drunk coming here which will make it taste better. Not sure how the meat options are. I'm rating this as if I were vegetarian.They have a vegan option which is a giant stack of grilled vegetables between portobello mushrooms that comes with fries for $12. I was told it was good.if you sit at the booth you get 3 channels, 2 of which are sports and the other is music trivia, I'm not sure why it exists but if you don't feel like looking at your friends you could just watch TV. They even had hockey on TV. Something I have never witnessed on the West Coast.
5	They say you shouldn't go grocery shopping hungry and I'm maybe overzealous about my meal because I was starving and I knew I wanted a burger. There are times you're not sure what you want, but other times you know exactly what you want to eat and that is the only food that you want. That's how I felt when I walked into Burger Bar. I've been to quite a few burger places, but this place is THE BEST. It's definitely one of the more pricey ones too. They've got a pretty extensive beer selection, shakes with and without alcohol, and of course burgers. Easily the highest quality burger place I've visited. I always try and avoid building my own burger because I like a lot of different things on my burger and not all those thing mesh. I'd build my burger here, because I can just come back and try a different combo. I got the Hubert Keller burger. So tasty. And the sides..Oh the sides. They have more than just the typical fries or onion rings. Zucchini fries, cheese curds, fried jalapenos and fried pickles. You could make a meal from the sides alone. If you know you want a high quality, best in your life burger, Burger Bar will not disappoint.
2	A wonderful place off the strip that you can skip.  Ok portions but bad service.  Wait staff complained about things that had nothing to do with our dinner. The food is overpriced, undersized for Italian cooking.  We were interested in going because they advertised excellent food and fix your computer at the same time.  Wow gives a new meaning to the word bite.We thought that this was a cute idea, but after eating there it seemed that the computer thing in order to bring in money because he is hurting.   There are many great eateries in this neighborhood and people should take the opportunity to try the different restaurants, just not this one.
1	Came expecting great burgers and was disappointed.  I ordered the Angus with peppered bacon and my friend ordered thr Kobe, both supposed to be medium well (a thin line of pink.) When our burgers came out both were overcooked.  Sent the Kobe back, comes back medium with blood all over bun.  I was willing to put up with overcooked angus but the bacon was so tough and it was too dry. Manager comes out with an attitude, and instead of trying to make the situation better makes it completely worse. And the poor server tried her best. Nit recommended at all. Will not be returning here.
1	We were very excited to try this place based on all the good reviews we saw. But that is where the excitement ended. First, this is located in the middle of the hotel shopping area and is a walk from the parking garage. Big deal though, it was going to be a good dining experience, right? Wrong!The service was ok, but the place was extremely loud. All four of us tried different burgers and they were just ok. None of us thought they were anything special. We also tried a couple shakes but they were nothing to write home about either. But really took us was the pricing. It is outrageous how much this place costs for a burger place. Steer clear of this place, there are much better and affordable places in town for a burger.
5	Great establishment for a fantastic burger. I have only come once, but it was enough to leave an impact on me that I will come back for sure. My burger was cooked just how I like it and I didn't have to wait forever. The service was very good and everyone was friendly.
4	Burger Bar is always a treat.  Long Lines, and a small bar can be frustrating, but ALWAYS worth the wait.  All their ingredients are top quality, including meats.  What's surprising is how Amaze-balls their Veggie burgers are.  I'm not a Vegetarian, but this is my go-to there.
2	Odd, actually. One server and one bus person running like mad. Three servers standing in the back talking the entire time. Thought strange enough to clock the time from ordering a draft beer and 10 minutes later reminding them to please bring the draft beer. Burgers were good, not great. Never did get a water refill. Won't be going back. Too many other good places to eat nearby. Disappointing and slow slow slow.
4	This is the first place I tried zucchini fries and this will forever be the pace to get them! The burger I had was good and the service was a little on the delayed side but if I am ever in the area, i'll stop by and have a coke and fries.
4	A little pricy for burgers but good nonetheless.
3	Not bad, not great. Hamburgers are good, same level of quality at a lot of bars across America.
5	Favorite spot on the strip for a good burger. High quality choices. Expect a wait for a table in evening hours. Great setting with good service
3	Pros: quick, inexpensive, friendly staff, good beer selectionCons: boring protein selection, plasticized "Ruby Tuesday" menus, plastic catsup bottles, teeny condiment ramekins
1	2nd post.  Burger Bar has paid to have mine removed.  So here we go again.Kobe Burger.......Good, could use more salt.....And when waitress say's it will be bloody, make sure it is.  It was not.Swiss Cheese.....Good.Oyster Mushrooms.....Not-so-good....Tasted as-if-out-of-a-can....Bun......Very Good....Toasty, potatoey...Fried Egg....And here is the reason for the low score...... NO YOKE....NO YOKE....I advised both the Waitress and the manager (whom the waitress sent over) and neither of them offered to have another egg made.  The Waitress even said, 'That's the best part."  No shat!!!!!Wings.....Great....tasted the Red Hot....Which is how it should be......Beer....Was bottled, so it was Great........So yelp has decided to filter this review.DO NOT GO TO BURGER BAR......So many other places that are doing high-end burgers right....and this place is not...From 6-25-2012
4	I absolutely think this is one of the best burgers I've ever had!I tried the $60 Rossini burger and worth it the wagyu beef and the foie gras combo was exquisite with truffle shavings
4	It's a bit of a pain to find - first off, The Mandalay is set back from the strip, so you have to take a (free) tram to get there.  Once you do, walk through the casino hugging the right til you get to the shops (up the stairs).  Then walk most of the way through the shops towards the Luxor, and it'll be a small, unassuming restaurant front on your left.  It's a chill atmosphere, with whatever music playing the staff feels like listening to (my night it was 90s satellite radio), and personal TVs in the booths.  Nothing pretentious whatsoever.Grabbed a solo seat at the bar, and was promptly greeted and set up/given water by multiple servers.  Patrick was super duper friendly and made my night very enjoyable.   He and another guy behind the bar seem to call everyone "baby," which I found rather cute and enjoyable (although I'm taken), but I had the thought that a different woman dining solo as I was might have found it unnerving.  Whatever, I had a great time chatting and hanging out with Patrick throughout the night, and he was an attentive and informative server.  He seemed to really enjoy his job and is great at it.  Service can often make or break a meal, and it definitely made mine.I ordered the Hubert Keller burger, with a few changes.  I got the Kobe instead of the Buffalo, and an onion bun instead of the Ciabatta.  I also ordered the zucchini fries, with a couple sides of sauce (truffle aioli and pesto).The burger was very good.  Piled high with the toppings, and the shallot and red wine sauce was sooooo goood.  My only complaint was that the bottom bun was soggy as soon as I got my plate.  Not cool.  All in all not the best burger I've ever had, but a great one and it hit the spot.  The zucchini fries were AWESOME.  I've rarely had fried veggies that are juicy and taste fresh while maintaining a thick coat of batter.  Also, the serving portion is ample.  The sauces were great.Sadly they don't make their own ice cream, which was more noticeable when I decided on a sundae instead of a milkshake.  I got coffee ice cream with nutella, caramel, and graham cracker (I was feeling a big pig-ish).  It came in a banana split style dish - very long and narrow - with two huge scoops of ice cream, shmears of nutella on either side and a couple of graham cracker pieces on either side as well.  The caramel was sadly missing, but it was brought over as soon as he realized.  It was difficult to eat - there was too much ice cream for the dish, the nutella wasn't incorporated and is hard to do so yourself when it gets cold, and the graham crackers were whole which meant I had to break them up myself and there was no space to put them really without them fall off the ice cream on to  the table.So - bottom line - this place is good if you're in the mood for a very good burger, and some inventive fries/sauce choices.  For dessert, maybe stick with the milkshakes over a sundae.
2	Seriously the $60 burger is the WORST burger I've ever had. The foie was greasy and overly gamy and NOT SEASONED AT ALL! The rest of the burger was also not seasoned. I doubt that was wagyu beef - it was super dry and flavorless. Nothing about this burger warrants $60.The lamb burger was excellent. I ordered provolone (I think it was provolone) cheese for my lamb burger. Probably one of the BEST burgers I've ever had in my life!The zucchini fries tasted like nothing and I think are frozen / bulk but can't be sure. Service was not great. I will never go back.
3	I have been to Burger Bar on a number of occasions over the years and have never really been blown away by the burgers. On this particular occasion we were here for happy hour. Service was great from start to finish. Pleasant and extremely attentive by several different servers and bartenders. The drinks were good as well. Prices were right and I stuck with the strawberry mojito on special while my fella got a beer as well as a mai tai that he enjoyed for the most part. The happy hour food was les than stellar. The wings were probably the highlight, but they were a little dry and lacking in any real spice. The chicken tenders were sad and were similar to ones we could get at Denny's. The sliders were the least appetizing of everything we ordered. Lacking in flavor and after one bite I wasn't interested in eating any more.I have had some good burgers here in the past but nothing particularly noteworthy. I do remember enjoying their sides quite a bit and after a relatively lackluster happy hour we ended our meal with the cheesecake burger that ended up salvaging our whole dining experience. Not the best donut I've ever had but the combination of cheesecake and fruit nestled inside a glazed donut bun was the perfect ending to our meal.
3	Vine a este resturante porque era recomendado como el mejor de Las Vegas de hamburguesas.  Llevaba espectativas muy altas porque me gustan mucho las hamburguesas.  Pedi una de cordero, que la carne estaba muy bien hecha y de buen sabor.  Pero definitivamente no han sido mis mejores hamburguesas.  Si recomiendo ir, talvez no debi de haber pedido esa.
3	We were so excited to come here given all the great reviews, but we were unfortunately disappointed. Our food took almost an hour and when it came there were several mistakes. Our medium well burger was medium, there were no grilled onions on my burger and my friend's burger had an egg that was not cooked all the way through (even though he specifically asked for that). Pluses were the fries (we tried every kind), the truffle mayo and the hang over sauce and the salted carmel sundae. The Kobe burger was just ok.
4	I had the Hubber Keller's favorite but instead of Buffalo had it Angus Beef and it was delicious. My wife built her own and it was spectacular!One star off: "Skinny" French Fries weren't as skinny as I was hoped. They were more like regular McDONALD'S fries except 1000% better! And building your own Burger can get expensive quickly!
5	As far as veggie burgers are, this is an elite burger! You can get it with 30+ toppings, and no mattet how you havevit, you can't go wrong! Love love love!
4	Great burger, delicious onion rings and friendly staff. We even had our own tv in the booth to watch football games. We came early and had no problem getting a table. The only downside, was the really, really nasty ladies room. Call me a snob, but that is an important aspect of the total dining experience.
4	Burger Bar is a lunch-in-Vegas staple. The sweet potato fries are excellent, and the meat is always fresh and all-natural, if not organic. I generally order a buffalo or kobe burger, and every burger I have had has been cooked perfectly to my specifications.Next time, I will try an adult milkshake. Yum! But I try not to overdo it on lunch in Vegas because my friend and I always do big dinners when we meet up in Vegas it seems...A friend recommended Burger Bar to me the first time I ever came to Vegas, and I have been every time since. It's really so much fun!
3	Its ok i liked their burgers.
5	An amazingly specific type of burger with lots and lots of truffle options. Ended up spending something like 30-40 $ on my super customized burger but it was worth it considering what I'd been paying for everything in Vegas.
2	So the first three times we went here, 5 stars for the food, and 4 stars for the service.  This time, 2 stars for the food and 0 stars for the waitress.New Years week my sister was in town and we decided to take her there since she has never been to Vegas.  Unfortunately nothing we told her was true this day.Our meals came our before our appetizer, our drinks were not refilled even once, and ALL of our orders were wrong.  Every single one, and two people ordered a salad, which I feel like should be the easiest thing to make.  Every time we asked our waitress for something she wouldn't even let you finish your sentence before she walked away.None of us left anymore than some change and in the tip section I reminded her that "NOT EVERYONE IS A TOURIST, SERVICE DOES MATTER".
5	The waitress was not a fake "over the top" nice waitress but rather a more genuine nice person. The burger as cooked perfectly and the ingredients were high quality. I also asked a milkshake that was pretty good. To finish off they also have Italian expresso! Perfect meal! I definitely recommend.
3	Kobe burger was pretty good and the chicken wings (hot) were a nice side. Fries were tasty and the service was alright. Not a fantastic meal but would eat here again next trip to Mandalay Bay.
4	We stopped in at around 8PM on a Friday night and only waited about 10 mins for a table for 6. Our server was on point even though he was also tending to a table of about 16 and upon getting seated had our drink order put in.The restaurant was quite skinny but went back quite a bit with the bar to your right going almost the entire depth of the restaurant. The atmosphere was great, kind of like a sport bar/club/family restaurant...if that makes any sense. We had a booth towards the back of the restaurant which had its own TV with a college game on. The music was loud and you almost have to whisper into someones ear to be heard, but that why the atmosphere was so great!The food was drool-worthy! I had the Hubert Keller burger with bacon and it was awesome. It was a good sized burger with wine reduction shallots, sauteed spinach and blue cheese, it came with skinny fries (which were just ok) and was about $28. Our table also ordered onion rings, which were also just ok, and mozzarella sticks, which were pretty good.Everyone pretty much licked their plates clean (even the one in our party who ordered the Vegas Vegan) so it must have been pretty good. Common, Hawaii, you need to get your burger game on!
4	Just a great burger.Waiter was great and helpful. We designed our burgers. Unfortunately they made two if them wrong.Burgers tasted great. Beer menu is huge and has some great beers available.Kobe burger is a must. Those who didn't order it...regretted it.
5	I absolutely love coming here. The food is fantastic, the staff is very accommodating and friendly. I love bringing people who are visiting and locals, as well.
4	Great food...Great service
2	I love Hubert but,  not impressed.  I wanted to love this burger, I wanted to crave this burger in between trips to Vegas. It was overpriced and underwhelming.  I'm sad
2	Horrible burger. Pale color, no flavor, pretty bun but very greasy. Fries were delicious, fresh and hot. Service was ok. For a place called burger anything you'd expect good burgers. This isn't it.
5	Best burger experience ive ever had so far in vegas!When we got there me and my bf had already perused the menu all week deciding what we wanted to order so I was thrilled that the food lived up to my stupidly high expectations. I ordered the burger sliders as an attempt to test my taste buds to see if I could tell the difference between the different kinds of meat. Long story short...I couldnt. But it was still nice to get a variety of toppings on each one so that you dont get bored. The best thing though for me was stealing some of my bfs truffle mayo (which like all the condiments/sauces comes on the side) and putting it on each of my sliders. It was sooooo goood. Now im a sucker for anything with truffle so thumbs up for that. One thing they should do is let you order some of their toppings even if you are not making your own burger. Next time I think id want to try the truffle sauce. Bfs burger was kobe with foie grais and some other stuff. He said he couldnt really taste the quality of the kobe either. The kicker was the foie grais which they give a generous amount of. Next time he said he would just order the angus meat as long as he had the foie grais. Even as we were leaving and throughout that weekend I could not stop thinking about those little burgerw with truffle mayo. Burger bar I will be back!
5	Awesome Bison burger!!
2	Truly the most overrated burger I have ever had.  Please dont go there thinking this is some super place because it is not.   Totally, totally over priced, 4 of us went there for my birthday and all ordered different burgers.  One in our party order the Classic burger....you should have seen the tomato and lettuce on the plate...NO way that was cut fresh for that burger.   $15 for a chef in the back to pull old tomatoes out of a bin.  I ordered the Peppercorn burger which arrived barely warm at best.  $16, really???? Milk shakes were OK but nothing special...all in all, $120 for 4 People, for lukewarm burgers with old garnish.   NEVER again,,,,,go to Steak and Shake,   better burgers and you will have $80 bucks in your pocket.   I just hope this review saves one person the Dissapointment I had on a Birthday dinner
5	Been here a few times, and Burger Bar is great.  I love Hubert Keller restaurants, and Burger Bar is his casual burger place.  I have always had a great meal, with good service.  The TVs that they have in the Booths were great for watching football.We came here on a Sunday late morning, and with football and pitchers of beer, this meal made for a great Sunday Funday.  You can't really go wrong with your selection, as long as you put on the burger what you like.  Great idea, great food, great service, great atmosphere.
5	Very happy with service and food and staff. The BBQ and buffalo burgers were great. Med-well pink trough out as I requested. Try the fry sampler. Highly recommend oh yah try the shakes.
4	Not sure if can add anything too restaurant that has over thousand reviews. Why not?? It was not even my idea but after pre drinking for concert at the House of Blues, no dinner, and concert of heavy metal Amon Amarth nothing better then going carnivore style. Me and two other friends went too concert headed up too Burger Bar. I always wanted too check it out just never got around too it. Now knowing location so close too House of Blues looking for greasy food soak up the alcohol Burger Bar solid solid choice. It was my first time so had no idea the menu worked. None of us have ever been here so asked our waiter questions. He did awesome job of explaining everything too us. You can either build your own burger or go with ones that have on the menu. We optioned for the the ones that not build your own cause other ones it comes with fries. Maybe the build your own does but as far from my four PBR recollection or more  in could is negative. LOL!  I had the Peppercorn Burger. It was awesome. I know drinking but still the balance between the dijon mustard spread and the peppercorns (plus the peppercorn cream sauce serve on the side; put some of that cream-a-licous on top) slice tomato, lettuce, and onion. It was nice hearty burger at the perfect time in life. The burger meat was cooked perfect medium. The only thing that was disappointment was the fries was average at best. The burger which reality is the reason come here was Awesome. Service could not say what an amazing job our waiter did! Not only with the questions. Two of my friends had the craving for nice over easy egg on top of their Hangover burger. You can add too the burgers already on the menu item ones. One of my friends notice his egg was way over done. The waiter apologize went back fixed the problem and came back with perfectly cooked over easy egg. You know perfect second break that seal have the egg yolk spreading all over its the bomb. Just knowing that do over easy egg right way on any burger. Always reason for me too go back! Pricey. It Hubert Keller and on the strip so comes as no surprise. Too see $60 burger on menu blows my mind. Still most of the burgers average $15-20. I think your definitely getting quality burger. Fries could be better and meet the standards they set with the burgers. Just my take.
3	Solid burgers, but not sure if it's worth the price. I got the American Classic burger. The bun was nice and soft and the bacon was crisp. Wish the cheese was a bit more melted. I ordered it medium, but it came out to be more like medium well as it was not very pink in the middle. I was pretty disappointed in the somewhat limp fries. They should come out more crisp. As a caloric  indulgence, I also got the Black & White milkshake. For $8, I really wish that there was more milk shake and less whipped cream! The glass is also very tall, skinny, and deceiving. You think you get a lot of milkshake, but you really don't. And there's no stainless steel cup with the overflow. Sad face.
4	I never seem to actually eat burgers here. Though, when I do, whichever burger I get is usually pretty good. I tend more towards appetizers, sides, drinks, and desserts here. One of my fav things about this spot is their great beer list. It's not crazy awesome, but it's pretty darn good. And you can create your own sampler of the different beers too. I'm also a fan of the trio of fries. Fair warning: It's an insane amount of fries - don't attempt to eat it on your own. You can get to pick 3 different types of fries (or rings). I really like the fat fries and sweet potato fries. And then you can pair that trio fries with a sampler of dipping sauces. Oh my! I do love me some dipping sauces, so I'm a total fan of this sampler. Every single sauce I've tried so far has been great. And then there's the adult milkshakes, beer floats, etc., etc. There's definitely a LOT more to the Burger Bar than just burgers.
4	Wow this place is pushing 1700 reviews? I'll throw my brief one in and watch it get lost among the rest then :)I opted for the Hangover Burger simply because anytime I can get a burger topped with a runny over-easy egg I go for it! The burger was superb and the side of fries were decent and my plate cost around $14 which is to be expected at a joint right on the strip. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive as they could be while the place was pretty full. All in all, not a bad pit-stop after a concert at The House of Blues or perhaps a long night of shopping.Their dessert options looked quite intriguing however I have not yet gotten a chance to order off of that menu.
5	Great casual spot!Tons of burger choices, you can customize however you want. My boyfriend got the Rossini with Kobe beef, foie gras and truffles, then he added lobster. I was very apprehensive because I feel like a burger doesn't need all those additions but it was pretty good, he loved it. I got the sliders and got to try three different kinds of burgers, they were all great especially the Buffalo! The fry sampler is perfect because you can pick three sides to share. The sauces for the fries aren't that impressive so save your money for a shake! The flights of beer are super fun, you get a choice of six different kinds.
5	Wow! I never even knew this place existed and now I can't wait to go back. My amazing girlfriend brought me here on our recent Vegas getaway. This is one of the best burgers I have ever had. Yes I just said that. One of the best burgers I have ever had and I have had a lot of them. I love cheeseburgers. I think I am ruined on burgers after this.It is a nice place. One long bar with tables and some cool booths. I think it is great that they can text you now when your table is ready. No buzzer to carry around and if the wait is long you can wander farther away. It is a sign that this was the busiest place in this little area. There are a lot of other restaurants in this little area but this was the busiest. I now know why.You can build your own burger and shake. Anything you want. Really anything. If you really go crazy you can get a $100 burger. You think that is crazy but I would say from the first bite you would say it was worth it. Mine came in about $20 and it was so good. From the first bite to the last. I didn't even get anything crazy. I just got an Angus patty, cooked medium, jalapeno bacon, Swiss cheese, a fried egg and their spicy ketchup. It is tempting to pile stuff on because you see so many toppings that you like but trust me 4 is enough. Too many and you have too many flavors going on and you overwhelm the burger. Mine was just about perfect. Cooked just right. It feel apart when you bit into it and melted in your mouth. The jalapeno bacon and the spicy ketchup had just the right amount of kick. Just what I was looking for.For the shake I got chocolate ice cream with Oreos, hot fudge and mini marshmallows with whipped cream on top. The straw is huge. Almost hard to get your mouth around but big enough so nothing gets caught. It was so good too. Creamy and chocolaty. So good.The service was great too. Water always full. They gave us time to pick out exactly what we wanted.I really can't wait to go back. We almost went back a few times but wanted to try other places. Guaranteed when we come back to Vegas this will be one of our first stops. For sure.
5	Awesome food.Great Service. This place you pay to play in this sandbox. Worth every penny!
5	Oh man this place is good! Love to build my own burger with lobster on top!! The staff is very friendly and helpful when asking questions and the women workers here are HOT! Anyways i go with the spicy lamb burger which is a favorite, orion rings and shakes are just awesome I like this place a bit better the BLT burger at the Mirage due to a bigger menu and drink selection. When i think about a good burger in vegas i think Burger Bar!
5	Great beer selection, good service and one of the best burgers I've had in a long time.
4	Haven't been there in a couple years, but this place has great burgers and a good beer selection.
5	This place has amazing burgers and I love bringing out of town friends here.  To me it is the original gourmet burger restaurant in Las Vegas and still the best.
4	Very delicious! My boyfriend was able to try a Buffalo Burger and he was SUPER impressed, and wouldn't stop talking about it the rest of the night. My burger was a well done Angus Beef patty with aioli sauce and avocado. The fries were also amazing, and since we ordered the fry sampler, we even had fries to eat the next day!My only complaint is that it is a little pricey, but since it was on the Strip I expected it. I would definitely visit again. :-)
3	I was looking forward to checking this place out. The prices are decent and heard good things. So my expectations were high. While the burger was good it wasn't great, it didn't wow me by any means. The Burger spot inside New York New York is much better.
4	was in my top 5 burger spots in Las Vegas. Great service too.
4	I'm reviewing this place on only one item, Nutella milkshake. It's delicious, and the presentation is amazing (See pic below). Its very creamy and its a must have dessert on the menu. I will update my review for this restaurant when I officially have a their burgers.
3	I'm not a red meat fan so my review probably doesn't count ... but I was talked into coming here with a few other burger officianados who said this place was to die for. I saw on the Yelp reviews that this place was a hot spot for vegetarians so I agreed.I ordered the quinoa burger which was pretty good. Kind of a crumbly burger versus a more cohesive one (which I dont like) but the flavor I did like. We shared a fries trio which was great!
5	Phenomenon culinary experience! Flawlessly execution of concept. The Service was unmatched. The menu will amaze. Best restaurant in Vegas!
4	We had a $50 food credit to use and thought that Burger Bar would give us the best bang for our buck. Burger Bar is located one level 2 in the Shoppes area of Mandalay Bay, not in the Fleur/1oak nightclub area. Got there for an early dinner on a Saturday and there was no wait. We called to put our name down but they said it was first come, first serve. I guess they changed their policy based on previous Yelp reviews where people made reservations. We were seated at a booth which had a USB/110 on the wall! Perfect if you have your cable on you and have been depleting your battery while wandering around Vegas all day! Being the purist that I am, I went for taste and ordered the Kobe burger for $18 and added foie gras $13 which I can't get in California. The burgers come with lettuce, tomato, red onion and a pickle. K got the regular Angus for $10 with various toppings. We also got skinny fries for $4 and mozzarella sticks $7(!). The foie gras was pretty good and a decent portion for $13. It wasn't the best I had but it doesn't matter as much when you're smashing it on a burger. I had to have a few initial stand-alone bites. My burger was so juicy and flavorful, I just constructed it with the lettuce and tomato and that pretty much made it. Figured if I was paying $18 for a burger then I wanted to taste the burger and not a bunch of condiments. It was super filling too. I had a few of the skinny fries which were just fries. K loved his mozzarella sticks but I don't think it's worth it for $7. We had great service although when we asked about different menu items, she answered "awesome" to it all. Which was true but just hard to gauge the level of awesomeness for each item. Prices weren't cheap but not too outrageous. I felt for a hotel restaurant and location, it was a good experience.
3	Seems to me that almost every casino has a restaurant that specializes in gourmet hamburgers.  Even though this place was not directly inside the casino, it is in the mall attached to the Mandalay Bay.  There always seems to be a wait every time I come here and sometimes I don't have the patience and chose another restaurant.  It's a nice place and they have a fun menu.  The restaurant is long and narrow and small.  It makes you realize why you have to wait.  The burger was tasty although it may not be the best of Vegas. Service was friendly.   Believe it or not, I thought the burger at the Irish bar next door was better.  Still a good burger and experience and I will return only if I don't have to wait.
5	Love it! It seems like the burgers have gotten smaller over the years but still very good.
4	Seriously great burger!  I had the Naturesource burger which boasts no antibiotics.  I only added smoked Gouda cheese on a whole wheat bun.  It was simple and had a great flavor.  I was very impressed.  The skinny fries were good too.  I will be back for sure.
4	We have to eat at Burger Bar every time we come to Vegas for two reasons. The first is that I'm usually with my boyfriend and all his guy friends, and there are twin waitresses that work here, and have forever. The guys all think they're hot, and I constantly hear them all doing their Austin Powers' "Twins, Baisal, twins" impersonations. 2. The burgers are some of best on the strip. They have Kobe. They have buffalo. They have any kind of burger you can think of, and any way to top the burger you can think of. The appetizers are great too. I usually end up with an appetizer because I'm not a big burger fan... but other times the server will be very accommodating and make up a vegie sandwich for me. We have always had top notch service at Burger Bar, from the twins and all other servers we may get.One of my favorite things about Burger Bar (aside from it being right across the way from Lush where I love to shop) is that you can get a beer paddle with 6 beers. They are good size beers, and the beer menu at Burger Bar is expansive. There are so many beers you can try that are craft brews, imports, etc.
4	Burgers were awesome!! Hubby had the hangover burger and I did the build your own with provolone and jalapenos. Only thing I didn't like is that the jalapenos came on the side and were a combination of pickled and raw. I prefer raw myself otherwise it was a great burger!
4	This is our hangover recovery place. We love the burgers and bloody's they always get us feeling better! Love the selection to make a custom burger!
1	What a horrible experience! Let's start at the beginning. We were quoted a 15 minute wait time. It took 21 minutes to be seated. This normally wouldn't be so bad, except the app that they force you to download to check in doesn't allow you to get real time updates. Issue 2. Our drinks came out incorrectly...granted, one diet Pepsi, 3 waters and two sweet teas is a difficult order but at the same time, when told of the error, it took 7 minutes to get our accurate drinks. Issue 3. The food was Luke warm for 3 of us and completely COLD for another. When we advised the waiter that the burger was cold, we told him that we didn't have time to wait and one of us didn't get a chance to eat lunch. Issue 4. Upon inspection of the replaced burger in the car, the add ons that we paid for weren't on the "fresh" burger. Issue 5. Our server must have joined the witness protection program because he came around as often as Haley's Comet. Between the walk, the subpar food and massive mess ups, feel free to frequent burger bar at your own risk. My Thank You lunch for my team is now an experience that we will never forget.
2	The epitome of "meh". We sat at the bar, and waited quite a long time for our burgers to come out. When they did finally arrive, my American Classic burger was just OK. Kind of dry. It wasn't horrible (I've had much worse), but there was absolutely nothing notable about it. The truffle mayo side I ordered didn't taste like much else but mayo. The skinny fries were crispy, which I appreciated, but I wasn't wowed by what I expected to be a juicy mouth-watering hamburger.I could have had Fuddruckers for half the price.
5	This place is definitely worth the long wait to get a table. Their food is really good and they offer a lot of choices on their menu, they also have an extensive liquor selection. I will definitely return.
4	A lot of the restaurants in big casinos put more emphasis on being eye-catching and different, while the food is too often an afterthought. This isn't the case at Burger Bar. For serving some of the most common food in our culture (ground beef), they really do it right. Sure, it's a little more than a fast food burger, but you'll leave more satisfied.All the burgers are tender, juicy, perfectly cooked, and the service has been top notch every time I've been there. The little TVs at each table are a nice touch also, particularly when you're with a couple chatty friends who are busy "catching up"; it gives you something to do while you savor your meat.Highly recommended when you're in the mood for a great burger.
4	great place
5	Wonderful gluten free experience.  Waitress was very knowledgeable.  Have GF buns, fries (separate fryer), and many GF beers and ciders.  Yummy burgers with creative toppings. Coleslaw burger, yes please. And since it's Vegas, I took my leftover cider to-go!
5	I LOVE this place! My fiance and I go at least once every 3 months and we've never had a bad experience. The food is always amazing, their signature drinks are awesome, and bartender Brian never fails to make us feel important.  He remembers our names, what we drink, and is always friendly and talkative. We'd rather go to Burger Bar than some fancy steak house any day of the week!
4	It is exceedingly pricey but oh so worth it.  I highly recommend anyone who loves burgers, that they try the Roussini at Burger Bar.  It's an experience.Being that the price is as high as it is, the burger is truly a once a year luxury... But damn is it tasty!
4	Long wait for large parties (2 hours +), but if you split up your group to like 5 people / table, the wait is less than 30 minutes. Lamb burger medium rare - lamb was not good (not fond of the spice) Sliders - goodSweet potato fries - good with the aioli sauce Zucchini fries - kinda mushy but okay Hangover burger medium - pretty good Wings - mehShrimp salad - jumbo shrimps and decent vinegrette Overall, good if around Mandalay Bay but not something I'd come running back to anytime soon! But if I do come back, I'd definitely try one of their shakes next time. Looks amazing!
4	Great Place, Good Service,
4	Amazing. Simply amazing. Cannot go wrong with the menu and the alcoholic milkshakes are a must!
4	This place blew me out of the water. The line was a little long, but thats because its so good. The burgers are fresh and you can even build your own burger. check it out if youre in the area.
2	Burger Bar was just meh... Especially for the price! The four of us got lucky, and ended up finding spots at the bar, or else the wait was over an hour long (ridiculous!) My friends, who are lovers of foie gras, were excited to try the Kobe burger with seared foie gras (which is now banned in CA). This burger was an expensive $60, and my friends were really disappointed by the taste. The foie gras pieces were small and not of good quality. Good thing I opted out of the foie gras burger! I ended up just getting the American Classic, which was not any better. Nothing super great about it, meat was whatevers, and the burger actually came out a lil cold. It did not taste like "right off the grill" temperature. Would not spend the money or come back!
3	***Many Las Vegas restaurants let their quality standards slip once they have been around for a while and that is the case with Hubert Keller's Burger Bar; Burger Bar is still a decent value compared to the many overpriced high-end restaurants on The Strip, but there are several new gourmet burger spots in Vegas (like Gordon Ramsay BurGR at Planet Hollywood) that are probably more exciting***There are several reasons to visit Hubert Keller's Burger Bar.  It is from a celebrity chef (Hubert Keller), but it is a relatively inexpensive restaurant (at least compared to the many expensive celebrity chef backed fine dining restaurants on The Strip).  It also primarily features two items--burgers and milkshakes--that are very popular.  Finally, Hubert Keller was on Top Chef Masters and showcased this restaurant as well as his burger skills so many might be intrigued with this one if they saw that season of Top Chef Masters on the Food Network.This Burger Bar (there is also one located in the Macy's in San Francisco) is housed in Mandalay Place--a mini-mall within Mandalay Bay that features a few retail and dining options.  It is a fairly small place and the menu showcases a build-your-own-burger concept where you pick your burger protein--several types of beef, lamb, buffalo, turkey, and veggie as well as chicken breast and salmon.  You then choose your desired bun as well as all kinds of toppings including raw vegetables, grilled vegetables, many types of cheese (standard stuff like American and cheddar but also brie and smoked Gouda), several sauces, additional proteins like bacon and prosciutto, and finally a few premium ingredients like seared foie gras and black truffle.  You can also order one of their signature chef's burger creations so you do not have to make any choices.In addition to their burgers, Burger Bar also serves all kinds of fried food from French fries and onion rings to zucchini fries and mozzarella sticks.  Chicken wings and a few salads are available too.I went the build-your-own-burger route and opted for their Prime ground beef and added bacon, smoked Gouda and spinach on a potato bun.  The burger was okay.  I thought the burger at the newer Gordon Ramsay BurGR was much better--the beef was much juicier there and it featured both a higher quality bun as well as higher quality toppings.  The burger at Hubert Keller's Burger Bar was okay, but only the really thick and meaty (crispy but also chewy) bacon stood out.  The bun felt very plain for a gourmet burger spot.I also opted for one of their milkshakes.  They have all kinds of milkshakes from build-your-own-milkshakes with many toppings to signature creations.  I tried their caramel latte, which featured coffee ice cream, caramel syrup, graham crackers, and butterscotch morsels.  It was a great mix of caramel and coffee and the milkshake had a great thick and creamy consistency (very addictive and hard to put down).Service was good--pleasant and quick.Prices are reasonable for a notable Las Vegas restaurant.  Burger Bar's prices are higher than similar gourmet burger restaurants in other big cities like Los Angeles, but that is to be expected given that Burger Bar is on The Strip.  Burger Bar does offer a decent meal that comes at a much lower price than the many celebrity chef backed (and very pricey) fine dining restaurants on The Strip.I remember liking Burger Bar more on my first trip.  It is not too surprising that the quality has dropped since then; the quality standards at many Vegas restaurants seem to slip if it has been around for a long time.  Hubert Keller's Burger Bar is still a decent spot, but Gordon Ramsay BurGR at Planet Hollywood is a much better option for an gourmet burger on The Strip.Burger Bar is located in Mandalay Place, which is attached to Mandalay Bay.  Like other major casinos and hotels on The Strip, Mandalay Bay offers both complimentary self and valet parking.
5	This is a must stop when visiting Vegas!  The burgers are phenomenal and the milkshakes are fantastic.
4	Great staff, great service, great burgers and awesome craft beer selection!
1	PARCHMENT PAPER COOKED INTO VEGGIE PATTIES. When we showed the waitress, she kept saying how weird that was. And when we suggested it might be parchment paper used to form or separate the patties, she acted like that was crazy talk. Well either she's not a cook herself and/or never goes into the kitchen, because she took the burger back to show the cooks, and came back and informed us that is was indeed parchment paper cooked into an otherwise lovely burger. And then preceded to give us the bill and have us pay for the parchment paper burger.
4	My friend and I were going to a concert at the House of Blues, and were hungry.  The restaurant where we were going to watch the concert at, had at least a 20 minute wait.  Since we were on a time crunch, we decided to see if we could find a place that was a little more accommodating.  Enter the Burger Bar.  As a fairly recent vegan convert, I was skeptical by the name of the joint.  It just conjures up unappealing visions of ground beef.  I figured they must have some type of veggie burger and took my chances.  Lo and behold, there was a veggie burger, and it sounded good, it was a chef creation with great ingredients that you would find in a vegan burger, even caramelized onions went into the making this burger...but it's not vegan because they put cheese into the patty, not on it.  I was hoping it was placed on top, and I could just order it without the cheese.  So disappointing.  But on the bright side, there was a Vegan Vegas burger, baby!  It had grilled eggplant, red pepper, and Portobello mushrooms acting as the bun.  No bread in this baby. I had a side of fries and a pickle spear.  It was delicious, and such a huge portion that I couldn't eat it all.
2	Overrated.It's a good burger. Service and quality are great, but $30 for a [mediocre] burger, fries and a beer is ridiculous. Having a celebrity chef's name on this place doesn't mean that it's a great burger.  Add to the fact that he's known for his french and haute cuisine - means he shouldn't know that much about burgers.Not bad, but not worth the price.  Even for Vegas.I'll be running to the In-N-Out about a mile away instead.
5	I ordered The Hubert Keller burger medium rare and holy s**#, it was perfectly cooked, moist and full of so much flavor that I can't stop thinking about!  This buffalo burger was my first and will not be my last!
4	Still a fun place and the food is consistently superior.  Would recommend this place to anyone.  Best hamburgers ever !
4	Had the froi gras burger(the Bellini). Can scratch it off my list now. The truffles weren't what I expected. Thought it would be freshly sliced, but had a little bit of a rubbery and brine taste. The froi gras was tasty, not much on the burger. Overall It was good but not worth the price. And it doesn't come with desert anymore! And if you're suppose to get a choice of a side one wasn't given to me. It came with the skinny fries. So if you have extra cash try it. If not, don't bother.
3	Not bad, somewhat memorable. I love the variety of ingredients and "stuff" all over their menu, I am all about adding different things and love access to lots of sauces. I assume that as a tourist trap, the burgers have become what they have for feeding the masses. Reading the descriptions I was very intrigued; upon tasting the burgers, I was not. Not disgusted by any means, but just not impressed. The buffalo meat was delicious though.I'd also assume that the fries a place like this offers should be great in one way or another and I found none in both types. Overrated is quite the perfect word for this place, just like most of Vegas. Some places are, while being overrated, worth trying just, or at least, once. This place, I found no merit for. Reminds me of an airport restaurant. I'm not mad I tried it, but I wouldn't be recommending anyone to go out of their way to.
1	My husband and I ate there last night. It was a little rancid smelling-- like when you take out three day old meat from the fridge and ask yourself "can I grill this or throw it out", then the answer always is throw it out.. Well, I ordered wings which were very very small (like Cornish hen size) and my husband ordered a burger as rare as they could serve it... I know, not a good idea. My husband has been vomiting all morning and the hotel room smells like that restaurant smell!! Really gross!! Sorry!! We won't be dining there again. I don't think I can give 0 stars??
4	Favorite place to get a burger, hands down. Since I am GF, it is a great option to have GF buns.  I typically get the Turkey burger with avocado, tomato, mushrooms and onions.The only drawback?  The place is rather small and can get rather crowded.  But, that's a good thing - because it shows how popular it is.
5	Not only do the burgers range from regular to fancy schmancy, but this is a great casual spot to meet with friends!
4	Food was delish! We got the sampler with Mac & Cheese Croquettes (boring, tasted like boxed m&c inside), mozz sticks (less than amazing) and poblano poppers (these were actually good, but it's debatable whether it was a poblano inside). I had the Peppercorn Burger and it was fantastic! The scoop of peppercorns was genius! The veggie burger looked fresh and house-made. And the drinks were strong.  But was it appropriate to have employees eating behind the bar? No.
4	We ended up here late on a Saturday night. This was not our first choice (amazing how many restaurants close at 11pm!) I am super glad we ended up here. The burgers were awesome and since I am not a huge burger lover, I was pleasantly surprised. There are several options for the type of meat you want and I went with the hormone free usda beef. It was extremely flavorful. My husband, who loves a good burger, was also impressed. We would both like to return and try another type of meat. The only negative was the service. It wasn't awful but it definitely could have been better. We were sitting 2ft from the bar but it took forever to get a beer after we ordered and our server was just hanging out at the end of the bar talking with co-workers. That is kind of ridiculous. I would still give it another try though the burger was that good.
2	I was seriously disappointed by this place on multiple levels. First, the service wasn't great; our server missed a few items we ordered and took a long time to get us drinks or refills, yet her tables of young men seemed to be well taken care of.The food was alright and the beer selection was great. I ordered a veggie burger with onion rings. The onion rings were fantastic, but the veggie burger had no flavor. I was excited that this burger place had plenty of vegetarian options on the menu, but this was just gross. Highly disappointing.
4	Our food was great! I had the Greek burger and really enjoyed it. My only complaint is that sides are ala carte and $4 for 8 onion rings. They tasted delicious, I just don't know that $17 for a burger and 1 side was worth the money. I'd recommend giving it a try. My friend loved her Chicken and Brie burger.
5	Best burger I have had in Vegas!!! Great food and if you come here and want an alcoholic milkshake then try one!!! I normally get the pink monkey and walk 100 feet and come back for another...it's that delicious!!! Can't go wrong with this place!!!!
3	Came to the Burger Bar but didn't try a burger, but instead got some delicious finger licking good chicken wings.  The wings looked a lot fancier than what I'm used to but they were wonderful and I loved the fries here as well.  Combined with the sauces, my food was perfect.  Burger Bar is a great and satisfying place to eat, the food itself deserves high praise, but the service downs the overall rating.  The only thing I didn't enjoy too much was that our waiter seemed to take awhile to come make his rounds and especially to come bring us our check.  I don't know if they were understaffed that day for waiters but I wish the service was more on point and attentive.  I can't wait to come back and try the burgers, but dreading the possibility of subpar service.
5	I work nearby and have found myself eating here multiply days a week! It's not just burgers, I often get the chicken sandwich, the salmon sandwich or even a salad! There are tons of apps also which are to die for, plus a milkshake bar with adult milkshake options!! They always have fun upbeat music playing and the staff if great. If you haven't yet tried burger bar you have to!
3	I'm not much of a burger person, so take my review with a grain of salt. My friend really hyped Burger Bar up for me, so I was expecting something amazing. In the end, I realized I prefer In 'n' Out.I just got bleu cheese, avocado, and bacon on my burger, and the bacon was crispy and spectacular. As a whole though, it was just okay. Considering we spent more than $50 for two burgers, two orders of fries, and one soda, I was unimpressed.I've also tried Burger Brasserie and Gordon Ramsay BURGR, and I found them to both be delicious, unique, and worth the outrageous cost. But Burger Bar just didn't do it for me. I'll give it another shot if someone insists but will never choose this place on my own.
3	Wandering the mall awaiting a ride after my Luxor stay, I stumbled on this as the best looking option, not too crowded (except for Mr. Charles Barkley who wandered in shortly after I did).  Burgers exorbitantly priced: is it worth it?  For a one time deal probably borderline:  the Kobe beef burger was thick and flavorful, one of the better burgers I have ever had.  But still a burger.
5	Where else can you get a burger that's made the way you want. If there is another place by all means let me know. You can pick the meat the bun even the type of French fries you want. The milkshakes are great too.
3	I've been here several times and I like this place a lot. This time though the buffalo burger was just okay. We sat at the bar.. Our server wasn't the friendliest I've ever run across. I'll give this place another chance since I've had so many good experiences here in the past.
4	I've never had the Kobe burger, only Angus, so I can't judge that (maybe it would blow my mind). But burger bar is good. That's it.....good. It's pretty cheap Vegas-wise, and there have a crazy large beer selection. I like that you can build your own burger, but I don't like how they charge $.75-2 for each item! It's always super busy and I've always had to wait at least 20 minutes.If you're staying in Vegas a while, try it, if you only get 2-3 nights then skip!
4	This is a nice place if you're looking for a different burger. They have lots to choose from.  I had the lamb burger and it was just ok.  No, spicy ketchup does not make it worth $20.00.  Now, the twinkie shake....that's the B O M B!  The staff was nice and polite but the music is way too loud to enjoy a normal conversation.  I'd go back....
3	The burgers here are pretty good. I've definitely had better. The price is decent for what you get. Customer service was great I didn't run into any problems. I would give this place 3.5 stars if that were possible.
4	The bison burger is is absolutely delicious and the black and white shake is just short of addicting howeverthe bill will reach deep into your pocket book so it is definitely not an every day sorry of place
5	Whenever I go to Vegas, I eat at the Burger Bar because of their delicious burgers and exceptional salted caramel shake.  I am even more impressed with the staff and management of the Burger Bar because I hosted my wedding reception of 21 guests there last weekend. I made reservations over a month ago so we didn't have long to wait. They arranged tables through the center of the restaurant because they don't have a private room.The service was excellent (I think the server's name was Gina) and our food arrived quickly and perfectly prepared. Thank you Burger Bar!
4	Above average burger.  They do take the time to make it better.  Quality ingredients = a better burger.  I have eaten here twice and was happy both times.
5	What's not to like. Chef Hubert is incredibly talented.  All of hes restaurants don't disappoint.  The burger bar is no exception.  Always great creative new concepts. I love the sauces and Mayos.well done chef...
4	Really good burgers... Staff is great at the bar... at the tables they have been a little slow. The sliders were good for a snack. This is one of my go to places at mandalay bay.
4	My wife and I always hit of the Burger Bar when we find ourselves trapped in Las Vegas. Depending on the kind of burger you construct will seriously effect your dollar total. The burgers are pretty good and you can also choose from a variety of choice cuts (i.e. Kobe, Angus, Lamb, Buffalo, etc). Yes this is the place that has the $60 Kobe burger, and it's crazy good. Ladies, impress your man by taking him here one night and he'll think your the cat's pajamas.
4	Hey, this place was pretty good. Came during lunch on a Tuesday. Decent beer selection. Had a couple on tap. Created my own wagyu burger. Ordered it medium, probably came out medium rare but not really complaining. Tasty. Got a fried egg on top which I've done in the past but starting to think that style is too messy to really enjoy. Mostly I was consumed trying to sop up the yolk. Must be getting old.Got some fat fries, onion rings. All good. Service was good. Not really any complaints.
4	Great burger try the classic to start or build your own. Add the zucchini fries and try a Twinkie milkshake or one of their other great choices. Did I mention the awesome beer selection in the bottle and on tap as well?
4	Had lunch here with a friend.  Got the build your own burger with bacon and cheese and it was very good.  It is still just a burger but a very good burger.  Onion rings were fantastic, fries were very good.  Waitress very attentive, service a tad slow but all in all a good meal!
5	Always a great burger and service and beer list to die for.
4	I did not get the Sixty Dollar Burger because it is 60 bucks.   But I got the kobe burger ($17) and it was great.  My daughter got the sliders and they were a bit dry and over cooked.  The wedge salad is A-OK.I came for dinner on a Sunday night and we (4 people) were abel to find 4 open seats at the bar and didn't need to wait.
1	This place is LAME! First the burgers suck ass. I don't understand why it gets a high rating. I order the sliders, the crap was cold and my buns were rock hard. I've had a better burger at Denny's. Finally to top it off the waiter got upset with me because I gave him a shitty tip. Well if you give me shitty service, I'm going to give you a shitty tip jackass!
2	Needed pre-game food before hitting Marquee and since we were staying at Mandalay Bay, we had room credit for food & beverage. My bf & I decided to try out burger bar because of the great ratings, but was disappointedWe got to the restaurant and placed our order there to bring back to the room. I decided to do a custom burger with just kobe beef patty on a ciabatta bun with lettuce tomato and red onions. Also got sweet potato fries 'cause what's a burger w/out fries?!Honestly, the fries were better than the burger. I remember finishing the whole box of sweet potato fries. They weren't too oily and were crispy. The burger was such a shame. Patty was overcooked and it's "Kobe" Sure didn't taste like kobe beef though. It was so dry and lacked the fatty flavor that I normally get from Kobe burgers at most restaurants. In addition, there were no juices coming out from the patty, that's how dry it was.Do yourself a favor and get a real burger at Gordon Ramsay's BurGR
5	The original and still best place to get a gourmet burger! For me it's all about the meat .. they cook the high quality Black Angus to where the juice is dripping out .. mmm ..if you like special toppings, they have everything you could ever dream of .. I my burgers on the ciabatta bun and the staff there is incredible friendly and helpful .. I go here so much they have all watched my daughter grow over last 2 years and know her name .. great place!
4	Very good though not excellent burger due to presentation and quality of the meat.  One of the best options for balance of cost and quality by the mandalay hotel
4	Called in to put our name down. It's located near the shops at Mandalay Bay, near Lush Beauty and a candy store. Be ready to stack up $$ on your burgers. FOOD:Turkey burger (4 stars): Customized with wheat bread, fried egg, avocado, American cheese, and mushrooms. All burgers come with the standard lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle. Turkey was cooked well and was moist. Veggie patty (3.5 stars): A little dry but looked much better than any other turkey patty I've seen. Skinny and Fat Fries (4 stars): I usually love skinny fries but I liked the fat ones more here. Nice and crunchy.  Nutella Shake (5 stars): Do not come here when you are trying to eat healthy because this was the best thing that I had here. SO FREAKING GOOD. Well anything with nutella is always good, but this was extra good! Coke float(4 stars): Also really good (= They make good shakes. Service (5 stars)Our waitress was awesome. They mixed up a couple of fries on our order but fixed it right away. She kept up with all our requests, and for a group of 10 we had no problems. ATMOSPHERE (5 stars)Cool burger place. They have nice big booths to sit in also, with a small TV at the end. We had too big of a group to sit there though. The hostess girls in the front were fake nice. Almost made me not want to eat here. Sorry I asked how long the wait was girls, but we had 3 kids in our group and kids go crazy without food. All you were doing was standing in the front anyway!
5	This place is AWESOME! We ALWAYS come here when we visit Vegas! I always get the same burger (the Hangover Burger, which, I describe as a 'higher-end IN-N-OUT Burger). I also LOVE the salted caramel martini! The service is ALWAYS excellent and they are always friendly! I really can't say enough good things about this place. It's definitely worth a visit!
4	Lil pricey but that's the price to pay for excellence.  Look, you're on the strip and you're hungry.  Your Mrs. wants a salad, your friends want to try the latest celebrity chef spot and the guy that tagged along just wants to know what time we're getting to the club, strip club, concert, cirque show, etc.  Tell everyone to relax and just go to burger bar.  Its a local favorite stop prior to all things MBay/Luxor for a number of reasons.1. get the burger you want, built how you want it.2. nobody doesn't like hamburgers (even you veggies, pretty sure they have your options too)3. milkshakes and those spicy cheese popper things because your inner fat kid deserves to be let loose from time to time.4. It's not JUST burgers, they've got plenty of other choices on the menu.Excellence does take time and is a little pricey but in the end you'll have a satisfied bunch.  Then you can take your Mrs. to the cirque show, your friends will head to the concert and the creeper can catch a cab to the strip club.  Everybody wins.
4	I love the burgers at Burger Bar. You can tell that they use high quality of beef. The fries are top too. In general I like the bar, it's classy... A place like you find it in Europe. Good wines and beers as well.
4	Everything was good from the fries, wings, quesadillas, to the sliders. Even the coffee wasn't bad considering I needed 3 cups. I was expecting coffee that had been sitting brewed from yesterday (because who drinks coffee at a burger joint?!!). That's how bad I needed it but it was fresh and the service was great.
5	I try not to eat burgers too often but if I have a craving I will make a trip to Burger Bar. It is the best place for burgers in Vegas and probably anywhere I have been. The Kobe/Wagyu beef burger is my favorite. A good way to get it is on a potato bun, caramelized mushrooms/onions, swiss cheese & peppered bacon.  I highly recommend the zucchini fries as a side. If you have room for dessert the sundaes and milkshakes are great but the only time I have been able to try them is when i only eat half of my meal and take the other half to go.
5	Great Food and Excellent Service!!I recently met a client who was staying at the Mandalay Bay, he suggested that we try Burger Bar as it was convenient and he had heard good things about it.  I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they grind their own meat, plus they have a lot of options like lamb, bison and grass fed beef burgers, and sweet potato fries.  I will definitely be going back soon!
1	Second time here and sooo awful. The sliders were bland and the fries weren't any better than Burger King. That's saying alot me thinks. And service at the bar was incredibly horrible. SO unfriendly, SO unhelpful, SO impersonal! We asked for the beer menu and were given dirty looks with our menu. What's up with that? I asked for one of the beers in the cold case from Dogfish Head - again the dirty looks and silence. I felt like I was in some sort of time warp here. Luckily the beer was cold, and I'd never pass up the Dogfish Head Raison d'etre. It's amazing. Skip the Burger Bar and go next door.
4	If a casino or hotel has one thing then everyone else has to have one too.  There are few better examples of this than burger restaurants, and some are much better than others.  If you find yourself at the south end of the strip, do yourself a favor and visit Burger Bar for your burger fix.Aside from the recommended options, Burger Bar offers guests the ability to customize their burger any way they see fit.  Bun choices, protein choices (even a salmon option), and toppings galore.  The fries and onion rings are pretty amazing as well.  I've been here a handful of times and have never been disappointed.  The prices are reasonable in normal places, and downright bargain-priced for the Strip.  I've dined here with a friend and we each got a burger, fries, and a beer for about $40 before tip.This place often gets crowded, with wait times in the hour range.  If you want to be seated fast, sit at the bar.  The wait is usually zero and the bartenders are extremely friendly and helpful.
4	This place was good although over a year ago when I went the unique options to customize your burger were awesome.  I can't remember which shake we had but a few of us customized them and they were bomb.  I added shrimp on my kobe burger and it was winning. I tried a few others but I think mine was the best out of the group I ate with.
5	Being this is Vegas and all prices are inflated (burgers start around $14 and go up quickly), it is easy to be skeptical. However, I was widely impressed by the burgers. The Spicy Lamb Burger was very good. It had a nice kick without being spicy just for the sake of being spicy. Definitely not a burger that will ruin your taste buds and throw you into a flop sweat. The Hubert Keller burger (made with Buffalo meat), was awesome. Carmelized onions and blue cheese, tough to go wrong there. My favorite, though, was the Peppercorn Burger. It had peppercorns (obviously) along with Dijon mustard and a peppercorn sauce. I usually skip the sauces or get them on the side as I fear they will be either overpowering or make the sandwich too messy. However this sauce was outstanding. I'm not a fan of creamy sauces and although the menu states it is a "peppercorn cream sauce," it was not at all what I expected. It was not a mayo-based sauce so not super thick. Tough to describe, but it was fabulous. Here's a great tip, get the zucchini fries rather than regular fries. They are awesome.I was very happy with the Burger Bar. Nice selection of beers as well.
5	The best Burger place in Vegas.  Hubert Keller truly provides an exceptional experience here.  Lots of premium toppings.  Go wild folks!!
5	With the price of food in Vegas this restaurant was very reasonable. The staff was extremely friendly even with our party of 35!! The food was pretty decent. I would highly recommend this restaurant for a decent priced and a pretty good burger.
4	Thanks to Rod U. for pointing out this place, his review is spot on.Perfectly executed burgers, right temperature, not too moist to make the bun soggy or too dry.  Quality ingredients - no fillers, good quality beef, steak fries are huge and crispy but soft inside.  They pay attention to details: the peppercorn sauce is separated.  After you finish your burger, you don't feel thirsty like the other places (don't know the reason for this, use of msg perhaps?)Their milkshakes are classic, high quality ice cream is used, not too sweet.  Very smooth, that you can drink from your straw, no lumps at all.The only reason why it's not five stars is that it's a bit pricey for a burger, albeit it a perfectly executed one at that.  Expect to pay between $15 to $20 for one which includes fries.
4	a little pricey but its pretty good
5	The gluten free bun was actually worth the purchase/calories! Side note: Blue cheese was so good too! Highly recommend going here.
5	Hubert Keller was a visionary, all of a sudden burger places are the buzz.  Well this gem for years has been flipping fantastic burgers!  Even a vegetarian will enjoy, because they have a great veggie burger.  They even have a burger that can break your bank account which includes foie gras.  I can't forget to mention the great beer selection.  Their list is extensive both domestic and international.  It's location between the Mandalay Bay and Luxor is surrounded by fun shops, so if you have to wait for a table you can stay entertained.  Worth the visit!
5	Amazing burger in the shopping mall at Mandalay Bay! What a find. Sat at the bar, no wait, was a little noisy, but it was a bar with food in Las Vegas. Enough said.Worth the trip!
2	I am only giving this place a 2 star because our waitress did her best. It started off ok with putting in our names. we were told we would have a 10-20 min wait, I'm ok with that.it turned out to be 30 min with people who came after us being seated before us. we were a party of 2, pretty easy to seat. I got a migraine while waiting outside so long so when we were seated at a table in a noisy area I asked for a booth because they were a little enclosed, I was told we would have to wait another 10 at least. I told them I need to order a drink to take my medicine and couldn't wait any longer. we were told once we received something we couldn't change seats. so when our waitress came and I expressed my opinion she went to find the manager whom I told what happened. they gave me my drink then let us move tables. the food was just ok, the prices a bit high, I liked the burger bar at NEW YORK NEW YORK much better. we went there twice and perfect both times!
4	this was one of the first "gourmet" burger places I triedwell worth the visit, I am glad it has stood the test of timeI must admit, I still enjoy a good in-and-out double double, but when you want to sit and have a good burger and a beer....or two or three, this is a place well worth the tripI usually have the lamb burger, and they do it well herevery nice and flavorful, not too gameyand please, if you enjoy burgers, don't order them well done!ruin the pleasure and taste of a great burger!the classic or Hubert Keller burgers are also a nice choicesthey do great fries here too, although to be fair, didn't care for the wingsbut this is a burger place, right?there have been a number of burger joints that have opened up recently, but this one still remains one of my favorite choices!
4	Excellent burgers, great fries, exceptional selection of toppings and more types of milkshakes than one can imagine. The only problem I had with this place is that they have little TVs at each booth, which makes it too easy to bet Oklahoma City in the under only to watch the Clippers put up 100+ points on the road and kill my bet. Other than that-- great. Also, service-- from the friendly hostesses to the patient waiter-- was excellent. We spent $65 for three people (including tip) and had a great time and meal. Would have been better if Oklahoma City knew how to get some defensive rebounds, but so be it.
2	There are so many burger places in Vegas and my favorite is still Bachi Burger.So burger bar is a not too trendy burger joint located in Mandalay Bay. They have build your own burger concepts but we decided to be safe and ordered the hang over and the lamb burger. I've had great lamb burgers in the past and this has got to be one of the most disappointing lamb burgers I've ever had for $20. As for the hang over, it's decent but it made me crave for in-n-out because it is the exact same burger except it is $13 versus $5. Everything was just underwhelming and lacking in bold rich flavors. At least the portion sizes were decent.They do have a build your own milkshake, but since I'm lactose intolerant, I'll pass on liquid death. :(. There are so many other options which makes it hard for me to recommend the Burger Bar.Overall, meh for me.
5	The Spicy Lamb Burger is phenomenal! It's funny how hard it was to decide which burger to get when they really only had about 6 to chose from. Everyone in our party ordered a different burger, and all were extremely happy with their choices. I will absolutely be going back here next time I'm in Vegas. The service was equally as great as their food. They also have small TVs in their booths playing sports which is a nice change from constantly having to look around at the TVs on the wall. Good place to have a great burger and enjoy a game.
5	GO BIG OR GO HOME!! Can you say it with me? GO BIG OR GO HOME!!When I came here for a late lunch and comparing other Yelp reviews, I have to say that to make one's visit more worth it here is to just try their Rossini burger, which costs a whopping $60. I am always looking for a better deal, so if you try their Build-Your-Burger and use the same ingredients, it actually costs about $6 more. Overall, the Rossini burger is your best option to try their foie gras, because it contains the best ingredients to make that burger POP and taste OH SO GOOD.So what did I think of it?We ordered two orders of the Rossini burger, which comes with Kobe style Wagyu beef with sauteed foie gras and shaved Black truffles and Black Perigold Truffle sauce on an onion bun. Frankly, I chose this burger only for the foie gras feature. Considering that duck liver is considered illegal in CA, I might as well make my trip to Vegas worth it and get it while it is still legal in Nevada!Let me just say that it is absolutely delicious! The patty and truffle were solid and flavorful with the foie gras. The foie gras was SO GOOD! Absolutely creamy and what one expects foie gras would taste like! We substituted our skinny fries for fat fries and ordered the Truffle Mayo dip - definitely try it! It's so good and the server gave us free extra Truffle Mayo dip! GREAAAT PLUS!! **As for desserts, we had the Pumpkin Spice milkshake to go. It tastes just like pumpkin pie. Yummy for those who are fans of pumpkin!Looking back, I would say that $60 is probably a bit too much, but I think it was more worth for the experience and to try the foie gras. So if you haven't been here, try this place at least once! When one is in Vegas, might as well go BIG or go HOME!! =)
3	Had burger bar for lunch, and was very underwhelmed. Got the build your own burger, ordered a chicken patty with avocado on a ciabatta bun and that is literally all i got. The chicken was way too big for the bun, and it was totally flavorless. Not to mention the wait times. It was a good 30-40 minutes after we ordered that the food finally came out. Service was good, but the kitchen needed to speed it up!
3	This place is cool! It was our first time on this restaurant, and the waiter suggested to us the buffalo burger. He said its lean and good for you. "Why not?" So that night, we ordered the buffalo burger with ingredients of Monterey Jack, red onion, and potato bun. It was our first time eating a buffalo meat. To me it tasted just like beef but lighter or not heavy in the stomach. The meat was medium done, so it has a little bet blood in the middle. It was very good but gamey.
5	Burger Bar has the best gluten free burger and fries I've eaten in a restaurant, hands down. I even checked with my server to make certain the bun they served was actually gluten free. (Hint, it's made with potato flour.) To finally enjoy an amazing burger with a soft, delicious GF bun and GF steak fries after a grueling day at a work conference was absolute heaven. The fact this restaurant is part of Huber Keller's culinary universe made it even better.Mid-afternoon, the joint was comfortably empty, and service was quite good. I had a booth all to myself, and was able to relax and watch the most recent episode of "Game of Thrones" on my iPhone via HBO GO, thanks to the free Wi-Fi at Mandalay Bay. And I enjoyed an O'Mission GF pale ale with my feast. The pickle and house-made dijon mustard were added bonuses and a nice complement to my meal.If you're not GF, there are so many more options! I highly recommend checking out Burger Bar if you're in Las Vegas.
4	Every second is a highlightWhen we touch don't ever let me goDirty dancing in the moonlightTake me down like I'm a domino at BURGER BAR! - Jessie J (domino)Hubert Keller and burger...what? I think it's an excellent choice for either lunch or late afternoon. There's a 'build your own burger' option that appeals to many people. The milkshakes looked good too, but didn't feel like it that day (summer approaching!). I very much enjoyed my burger here at Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay. The bun was especially well done and all the condiments that it came with were crisp. The burger came with shoestring fries, but I would probably substitute and try one of the many other fries options. I was sort of in a rush so yeah, I kept it short and simple and had a satisfying burger without any fuss.
4	I met an out of town friend here for dinner before the Michael Jackson One show.  I've been wanting to try the Burger Bar and it was convenient for having dinner and getting to the 7 o'clock show.I had read reviews of friends on Yelp and had decided what I was going to get before I got there.  Then I looked at the menu there and I changed my mind.  While we were studying the menu, our server brought our drinks and he kept my iced tea refilled during the meal.I opted for the Hubert Keller burger which is ground buffalo meat.  It's topped with caramelized onions, bleu cheese, and baby spinach served on a ciabatta bun.  Finally, it's served with a red wine and shallot sauce which the menu states is Keller's favorite sauce.  I ordered the burger rare.  The server asked if I wanted it cool inside and yes was my answer.  It was served exactly the way I wanted it--red, cool meat.  The burger was very tasty and very juicy.  It was better buffalo than I've had in the past.  I also got a side of skinny fries which were good but nothing special.  It was also a small amount for the price.  As for Chef Keller's favorite sauce, I didn't find it all that flavorful.  I poured some on the burger and some on the bun but I got no flavor of cooked wine and shallots.This is a good burger joint.  The place was crowded and noisy when we got there, but the crowd thinned out as we were there.  I guess I know how to clear a room.  I'd like to try his foie burger.  Had I known that when I went to the casino before the show I'd hit a $120 bonus, I'd have gotten the foie burger.  Oh well, another time.
5	Food was amazing! Large menu with pretty much anything you could imagine wanting to put on your burger and even bigger beer menu! I ordered just an angus beef burger with proscuitto, truffle mayo and parm and for not having many ingredients it was hands down the best burger I have ever had! My boyfriend got a burger with many more items on it and also thoroughly enjoyed it.  Service was great also and a fun atmosphere.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Our first night's stay in Vegas landed us at Burger Bar for dinner.  With so many options for great/gourmet burgers, we chose Burger Bar for it's location between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor (where we were staying) and were not disappointed.  My wife ordered the sliders and I built my own burger - Lamb on ciabatta, with spinach, grilled onions, and provolone.  Our burgers were delicious and cooked perfectly.  My wife commented on how impressed she was at their ability to cook sliders to medium well.  We sat at the bar and had great service.  Atmosphere is casual and fun.  Definitely recommend.
5	Kobe beef burger....mmmm mmm good! I've had that burger both times I've eaten here as well as a side of sweet potato fries.  I usually load my burger up with cheddar cheese, blue cheese, onion, bacon, and the basic lettuce/mayo.  I was first told about this place from a friend who thought I ought to try it since I had expressed my love of burgers and lived in Las Vegas for so long.  Although this place is pricey (it's costed between $70-$100 each time I've gone with one other person) it's well worth it if you're craving a fabulous burger and it's a date night!(:
2	Great selection of beers get this place it's 2 stars but that's where all the fun stops..-Waitress was less than enthusiastic -ordered slider trio, comes with fries.. With all these good reviews about how good the burgers are I thought this place would be perfect but these were definitely the worst sliders I've ever had. Dry dry dry.
4	Great burgers - really high priced though. My burger was huge and cooked to perfection. The fries were decent and the onion rings even better. We ate here for lunch and the place wasn't overly busy for a Monday afternoon. We didn't order alcohol but from the looks of things there is a good drink selection.
5	Came here when I stayed at Mandalay Bay. I called to make a reservation but they told me they don't take reservations. I told them I was staying at Mandalay and would be walking down from my room.  They said since I was staying at the hotel they would put my name down so I wouldn't have to wait long once I got there. I waited for 3 mins and was seated. I built my own burger with the Kobe beef. It was amazing. The sweet potato fries were good too. I would definitely come back.
4	Stopped in for lunch during convention. Pricy burger but it's vegas cooked perfectly and value for money when u compare it to the food court at the convention center. I recommend the creamy peppercorn  sauce and pineapple on the lamb burger. I wii be back
4	This was a good place only went one time don't know why I haven't been back but it was really good everything was clean and fresh there
5	I went to Vegas in January. I ate here the majority of the time. These burgers were the shit, dude! Very fresh, and well prepared. I don't quite remember what I got on most of the burger. Can you blame me?My family came to Vegas before this time, and said this place was awesome. They did not lie.
4	This place came highly recommended by my good friends who I consider to have great taste in fine cuisine. We went for lunch and ordered the Kobe beef burger (cooked medium), with the onion bun, brie, grilled onions, portobello mushrooms, lettuce, and tomatoes. We also added truffle mayo and chipotle aioli sauces on the side with fat fries. The patty was juicy and pink all the way through. It would have been perfect, HOWEVER, it was a little underseasoned. We had to constantly spread sauce to it. The fat fries were well cooked (crispy on the outside, soft on the inside). All the extras complimented the patty well. Since today is National Donut Day, we ordered the sweet Nutella donut burger, which is basically a Nutella patty enclosed in a Krispy Kreme glazed donut. It had strawberries for tomatoes, kiwis for pickles, and a passion fruit jelly slice for cheese. HOW CUTE, and delicious. It wasn't as rich as I thought it would be. TL;DR: burger was good, patty a little underseasoned. Get one of the dessert burgers!
4	quick dinner before flight home. built my own with a regular patty, cheddar, grilled onions and portabellos- I agree that the flavor of the meat was good. couldn't see paying $22 ++ for a signature burger. get the truffle mayo!  onion rings were good. fries were nothing special.
5	This place had some of the best burgers I have ever eaten. Their fries were fantastic!I would highly recommend the Jalapeno Onion Rings.
3	Burgers...Good. Drinks....Good. Waiter...Good. Hostess...Bitchy.Note to Hostess - Invite us in the restaurant instead of being on your cell phone and talking to each other.
3	Very good service. Friendly people but it's still a hamburger. You get several choices of  toppings, over 30 at least. About 100 beers to choose from but it's still a burger and a beer $50 bucks plus tip.
5	Excellent Vegas burger joint! I built my own Buffalo burger with spinach and truffle mayo, prepared medium rare! Burger heaven by all means!
2	Wait. Wait some more. I hope it's worth the wait. Still waiting. The hostesses have attitudes, why? So hungry. Still waiting. Glare from hostess. Wait. Was that my stomach making that noise? Wait some more. Do I hear the theme song to Jeopardy in my head?  Finally, our table is ready! I am starving, so I will let the rude hostesses slide, lets do this! I order the Vegan Burger, which I know you are now thinking to yourself, what a dumb veggie head and you will now discount my whole review....... Well here it is. It was just meh and I have had better. All the veggies were grilled but the whole thing was so greasy that I had to use a fork to eat it. What didn't help it was the side of fries that were cold. So looking back on my evening, I should have just stuck to ordering a milkshake and possibly that would have turned this into a three star review, maybe.
4	Yes, yes, yes!!! Red Velvet Milk Shake... This is surely the beat thing I have tasted in all my ** years of life!!! If you love hamburgers and/or milkshakes then you should make your way here! I had a quesadilla and I dont remeber much about it because my heart sang and the heavens parted as I savored my milkshake!! Spiked Milkshakes... Need I say more
5	Fantastic Burgers,.....
5	I was recommended this place by my brother-in-law who actually came here 3 times during his last visit to Las Vegas because it "was that good".After a brief stay at Daylight (the Mandalay Bay Beach Club), my group came here to grab some lunch. Burger Bar is located inside the Mandalay Bay Shoppes (it's sort of in the middle of things so be prepared for some walking).Though without a reservation, we were quickly shown to a booth inside the restaurant upon arriving.Service was superb. Our waitress was super attentive, fast, and kept our waters/sodas refilled throughout our stay. I ordered a custom burger, choosing the Kobe beef option ($17.50 just for bun and meat - lettuce, tomato, pickle, and onion are served on the side), and grilled onion (which was about a $1.00 upcharge). I chose to get my burger cooked medium rare and that was that.When the burger arrived, it did not disappoint! It was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had - simply tender, juicy, and wonderful with each bite to the last. There was no need to add cheese or anything fancy to this burger - just make it medium rare and have some onion and you are set.Though definitely pricey, Burger Bar is an awesome eatery and I look forward to returning my next visit to Las Vegas.
3	Other reviews that mention the rude hostesses are spot-on. I second-guessed my decision to eat here because my introduction to this place was these nasty girls. They acted annoyed that they had to stop their conversation to seat my group and even more annoyed that we requested to be seated in a booth instead of the cramped table in the middle of the room. Booths were wide open, by the way. The waitress was very friendly and helpful, but the bad taste was already in my mouth. The burgers were good, but not good enough to raise the rating to 4 stars after the unwelcoming attitude of the hostess. There are lots of great burger places in Vegas, and at least they act like they're happy to have your business. I'll be going to one of those places next time!
4	Great little sliders and a fantastic selection for beer. Sit down, watch a few innings, try a new beer and get a bite. Pretty cool place if you are on your way to mandalay bay from Luxor.
4	This place is pretty amazing. Burgers exactly how you want them, fries, shakes, and even turkey and veggie burgers that are awesome! To start: fry sampler with 5 sauces. White BBQ, cinnamon honey mustard, garlic aioli, truffle mayo, and a second white BBQ. The white BBQ sauce is magical (if you couldn't already tell). I also tried the sliders, which are tender little bites of hamburger heaven on a mini-bun. Macaroni and cheese bites are pretty good (not my favorite) and the sweet potato fries are to die for (try them with the cinnamon honey mustard sauce! Mmmmmm).For burgers, the surf and turf burger is a juicy burger with asparagus and large prawns on top. The hubby always gets the bison burger, with the works, and a "black and white" shake (read: large chunks of cookie dough that you have to suck through a supersized straw). Service: can be a little slow on busy nights but honestly the food more than makes up for it in the long run. The price is a little high, but Hubert Keller does not disappoint with his recipes and burger-fusion! Enjoy!
5	After reading all reviews on burger places in Vegas, we decided on Burger Bar. Not disappointed. The poblano poppers were delicious. Each of 6 poppers is served in a shot glass with a creamy aioli sauce. Great presentation and soooo good. I did not have a shake, as I opted for alcohol, but the other 3 people in my party did. Again, great presentation and creamy, deliciousness. The burgers were tasty, made with high quality beef. The choices for types of meat and add-ons are plentiful. The margarita I had was one of the best I had in Vegas!  Friendly staff, great food. You gotta try it!
4	This place just falls into that "it's oky if I gain the weight because it was that good category" . They have wide selection and many different varieties. You can not go wrong here!
5	Delicious!!! Friendly helpful staff, crazy milkshake combos and gourmet burgers. I got the perfect 10 Gouda cheese Carmelized onions on a pretzel bun!!!! Sweet and savory with sweet potato fries. And they have a bunch of different dipping sauces!!! I chose cinnamon honey mustard for my fries. Uhg I need a nap now
4	I wanted a good burger and got it here. It was cooked to order. Staff were nice....not jerks and not trying to rush you or pressure you. I really liked the onion rings and options for your burger.
4	Gordon Ramsey's BurGR gets all the credit around here, but I honestly enjoyed Burger Bar more, and the price compared to most places on the strip made it all that much better. Burger Bar is tucked away in a mall between the Luxor and Mandalay bay, across from a Lush and next to an Irish pub type place. There are plenty of different options here that you would find at your regular burger place plus a few added extras.  My boyfriend got the kobe burger and really liked it.  I wasn't too hungry so I opted for a fry sampler to split with him (the fries were good but I mostly munched on the fried pickles of the one we ordered) and I built my own milkshake.  I have never tasted a milkshake so amazing before.  I dream about returning to vegas and enjoying another strawberry chocolate shake.  If you're in the area, definitely check out Burger Bar.  For the price, it's well worth it!
4	Always enjoy the Burger Bar.  Before all the high-end burger places in Las Vegas, Burger Bar was the original.  What I especially like are their onion rings and milkshakes!
5	Vegas Burger Perfection!! Burgers are great, tons of beer options. Die and gone to heaven Milkshakes, and very consistent service. This place will knock your hangover to the curb and prime your liver for another Cirque Du Soleil alcohol carnival!! I can't mention this place without referring to the two sisters that work there who are devilishly sexy and insanely good at what they do.
5	So we're in Vegas and have no clue were to get a GOOD burger... emphasis on good. Yelp to the rescue! Burger Bar was close enough and we were on a mission! Got seated right away and everyone else's food looked and smelled amazing. Yes! I ordered the American Classic Burger (no time to mess around - note: the menu was quite extensive). We did have to wait a little while, but were periodically assured, with a smile and a drink refill, that food was coming. :)  And POOF there is was. This glorious, wonderful plate of cooked cow, lettuce, bacon, cheese, bun and steak fries!! Soooooo so good. I was totally stuffed and kept eating... and eating. Good job guys! A very nice and memorable experience for sure.
3	Burger Bar sits on the pool front of the Mandalay Bay Resort in Vegas.  It's a convenient restaurant that has the typical salads, burgers, appetizers, and small entrees.  It's a convenient place at the hotel. We ordered the cheese quesedilla, which came with sour cream, fresh salsa, and a type of guacamole sauce (looked like a green mayo).  Typical quesedilla.  $12 (OUCH on the price).A side order of fries was $5.I ordered the cesar salad with chicken ($16) and asked for some onions to add to the salad.  The salad was nicely prepared, but the salad dressing tasted a bit cheap and bland.  I only ate half of the salad.Best thing of the meal was the great customer service from Heather.  She really took the time to be patient with our tables and she was very helpful throughout the meal!  Thanks a bunch!Food Grade:  CService Grade:  B+Worth the money Grade:  COverall Impression Grade:  C
4	Excellent atmosphere that really screams vegas. It's a great way to kick off your trip. Their shakes are to die for. Typically we get a burger and split the Cobb salad.
5	Needed a place to watch the world cup while enjoying lunch and conversation.  There was a short line, so sat at the bar.  Friendly, responsive staff. The burger was great ... Added spinach which was made to perfection.  Would definitely recommend.  Look forward to trying the other proteins.  The beer selection works as well.
5	Awesome build your own burger joint. Sweet potato fries rock. Great beer selection.
3	I would say 3.5 as well. I got a basic cheese burger. Everything else seemed to fancy. Had too much. The basic cheeseburger was good, but it didn't blow me away. Prices were high as well. It's vegas though, so I suppose it is what it is. The appetizer sampler was good, but game in a kitchy tri-serrving cone and felt that there should have been more.
2	They Changed a few things on their menu. They change the Veggie and Turkey patties. The new ones are not that good. Lower quality.  Use to be our to go place. this is gonna change us coming once a month .  Looking for a a better burger joint.
4	Yum yum and more yum. We ate here last year and it was great so thought we'd try it again this year and definitely not disappointed. I had the vegan veggie burger (I'm not even a vegan) which was grilled eggplant, capsicum (I think you call them red peppers here) zucchini, on a mushroom cap bun (no bread) and it was delicious and super filling!! My partner had the All American Classic which he loved as well. The service was fabulous despite being packed and even allowed me to change my skinny fries to sweet potato fries a few minutes after I ordered without a hiccup. They had a great service where instead of just waiting they just messaged us when our table was free and we were seated 2 minutes after we put our names down. Will we come back here? Definitely!!
4	Waygu beef burgers to die for!    Went twice on this trip, last nights service SUCKED!  She left our order sit or something, because the buns were all dried out and crispy on tip and soft on bottom by the time we got our order.  We had to ask for refills, etc.  From the time we walked in until we got our meal it was 45 minutes!  Missed the twins both nights!  Ask for one of the twins and you'll have an awesome experience!!!!!  I'm knocking off a star because of the slow, unfriendly, ridiculous service last night.
4	I decided to take out from here while staying at Mandalay.   Good Burger!  I had the Traditional American with the fat fries.   It is a gourmet burger so expect to pay more than usual.
2	Tourist trap. No way I'm paying 30 bucks for a burger I can make at home for $7.50.
5	Great build your burger place
5	Hubert Keller has the Restuarant  biz down.  Bartenders are the most personable,drinks amazing.  Not the typical Vegas tourizm  Restuarant.  You get the fill of a local hang out .
1	Honestly as I was eating the burger it wasn't even that good. Def not worth $20. The second I left I felt sick. Nonstop vom for days. It was the first place I went to off the plane ruined my whole trip. DO NOT EAT HERE MADE ME A VEG
5	Great Sweet Potato fries!!!
3	I would say 3.5 but with this one had to side with the 3.0 mainly due to the fact that service wasn't that good for the price that you pay. The burger's weren't cooked correctly the first time out but once they came back after a disgusting look from the waitress for bothering her when she was too busy to help were delicious.The pricing was also very high for a basic burger, I actually would prefer in and out or Five Guy's Burgers over this place due to the price and the service.
5	Burgers, beer, sweet potato fries.... what more is there to say!?  Every trip to Vegas has me coming by here and I really, really enjoy my meals each and every time.  Service is prompt and friendly, no complaints there.Cooked perfectly, great fresh toppings and fully customizable.  This is not a new concept by any means but to be in such a high volume location like this and to be able to turn out consistent quality is a testament to their standards.I stick to the Kobe Burger and add on various toppings/sauces when I come here and I would recommend the same.  Don't forget the fries, sweet potato fries here are amazing!
4	I had a "regular" cheeseburger, adding foie gras to the mix. Never tried foie gras before, but the mixture of the foie, the cheese, and the perfectly cooked and seasoned beef was delicious. The fries were not bad, but nothing totally exceptional. However, the burger is enough to make one come back (should I head back to Vegas anytime soon).The waitress was friendly, answered all of our questions prompty and in a relaxed manner (during a busy lunch hour), and couldn't have made the experience any better. To continue this thought, I am not a huge beer drinker (prefer Whiskey), but both my buddies said the beers that the waitress recommended to go with their burgers fit perfectly. I don't head out to Vegas often, but when I do, I would not be abject to stopping by here again (and getting the same foie burger as last time)
4	My family and I were in Vegas for the week.  We ate at Burger Bar our first night in town.  While I am normally not a huge burger fan, I ate every bit of my Kobe burger.  It was cooked perfectly and was delicious.  I think the shakes after dinner were the hit of the experience my children ordered a kid friendly shake and my husband and I enjoyed an adult one.  Both were huge, but amazing.  We made the right choice in ordering one to share.
4	Would give 4.5 stars if I could!  Yelp you need to make this change to allow for .5 stars!  Anyway, stopped for a beer before hitting the foundation room at Mandalay Bay and stayed for an early dinner.  GREAT beer selection on tap!! We had the Hubert burger and wedge salad.  Both VERY good.  Wait staff was superb.
3	Meh.... I went here with my boss on a business trip.  I just don't understand why anyone would want to eat a hamburger while at Vegas.  I have been to this one and the one in San Francisco and I am not impressed with either of them.  Honestly, I think "5 guys" has a better tasting product.Go to the Burger Bar, everyone else on Yelp loves it!  Maybe it was the company I kept that made the experience 3-stars.
5	Always a must-stop on any Vegas trip. This was one of the first design-your-own-burger places I ever encountered, but of course now other places with the same concept are all over the place. However, this one is still doing it on a grand scale and better than any other I've run across. There are such vast selections of meats, breads and toppings that anyone can find something that can become their perfect burger. For me, it's bison meat on ciabatta with bleu cheese, spicy mustard, caramelized onions and spinach. With a side of shoestring sweet potato fries, of course. Oh, and a flight of IPAs from their massive beer selection. Service is always incredibly friendly and these folks know the menu options well. It's almost always crowded and there's often a wait for a table, but I've had good luck stalking the bar and grabbing empty seats there.
5	Best shake sampler on the planet!!!
4	Burgers are outstanding!  You must try the pretzel bun!  Then make sure in a group you try the different fries, onion rings, zucchini, etc...  The dessert burger was delish!  I absolutely loved the glazed donut burger idea.  So fun!I gave it 4 stars because they charge for every part of the burger.  Be prepared to spend $15 for just the burger.  Its a pretty big burger and so delish.
5	mmmmmm
4	This is a fun little place after a day of swimming at the bay. Gets crazy when conventions are in town.
5	I love a good happy hour and this place hit the spot. I needed a snack between brunch and dinner so we found a few chairs at the busy bar. Super nice bartenders and a very simple happy hour menu. Perfect!
2	I was really hoping for a five star restaurant, but at the end the terrible service made me regret ever stepping foot in this establishment. Our server Harmony seemed like she hated her job and not very knowledgeable in regards of the menu. Additionally she was very rude and had a bad attitude. The food was delicious, but did not makeup for the experience.
5	REVISED 7/24: I would like to re-state my love for burger bar, but do have one revision. I revisited my favorite burger spot with two kids and they were disappointed in the kids menu. The kids menu stated it was for 12 & younger, but when my two nieces 10 & 11 asked "Is this it?" They both decided to order & split something off the regular menu. Burger Bar did redeem themselves by splitting the burger and fries for us and as always service was great, but just a heads up if you take kiddos.
1	Bad service ! Bad meal ! Way overpriced ! Atmosphere , BORING !!! Should have known when tables were empty of people ! ordered burger with cheese , when I got my meal , no cheese . When I told waitress of mistake , she went to get a slice of cold cheese for me to to add ! This is a 15 dollar burger ! When I mentioned it should be returned and cheese added , she did ! Food came back with cheese and bun stuck on top half way ! Cheese was stuck to bun ! I've warned you , do not eat at this here ! Spend your money at a nice restaurant !
5	Burger bar is a great spot for good and also very different varieties of burgers. The staff was friendly and I got my food very quickly. If you're ever on the strip and want to try a burger joint in a laid back and more relaxed setting, this is your place!
1	I was enjoying my vacation till I stopped by the burger bar Jessica our server was less then pleasant and Scott the manager would not honor the happy hour specials think twice before stopping by for happy hour. Food was great though!!
4	Excellent burgers and fare.  Fun atmosphere.  Highly recommend. Be prepared to wait 60-90 minutes.  They don't take reservations.  Best idea is to rotate the waiting position with a small group of friends and check out the other shops surround it, or grab a drink and wait.Great staff.  Family friendly. Clean.
4	Loves the poblano peppers! We ordered three orders to keep enjoying them! Tasty food!
4	Went here late Friday night to get a bite (10pm).  Sat at the bar and was served quickly.  Got the sliders which were small, but cooked to perfection.  Medium, seasoned well and not too squished so the texture was good.  Got a side of hangover sauce for the fries which was great.  Spicy ketchup was also really good.  Not the typical ketchup + cocktail sauce. More complex flavor. Very attentive bar manager.  Would eat here again in a second.
4	delicous burgers. Hubbie liked the buffalo one. I got the mini trio. Shakes great as well. It's in the mall area.
5	The hype is true, Burger Bar is the best place in Vegas for a Burger. Must have the buffalo on onion bread. Once you're done devouring your creation take a walk in order to make room for dessert. Create your own milkshake with liquor. Awesome service.
4	For me, Burger Bar was an intended destination -- not an accidental find.  I went specifically because I am a fan of Chef Hubert Keller and wanted to sample his take on burgers.  I really enjoyed it.FOODBecause it's Hubert Keller, I was expecting an "elevated" burger, which seems to be a trend amongst respected chefs.  My burger fit the bill.  I took advantage of the "create your own burger" option on the menu.  You can choose from three different types of beef (angus, nature source, or Kobe), lamb, or buffalo.  Then choose from six types of buns.  Then choose from a seemingly endless menu of cheeses, sauces, and additional items.  My creation: the naturesource patty with smoked gouda, bacon, fried egg, peppercorn sauce on a pretzel bun.  I ordered it "medium" and was told that Burger Bar's medium is red inside, not just pink.  This was an accurate description -- and perfect!  My particular burger did not come with sides, but if you order from a chef's creations section, fries are included.One friend in my party had chicken wings (delicious).  Another ordered the "Hubert Keller" burger which was made with buffalo and served with skinny fries.  She enjoyed it.  Another friend created a "healthier" and enjoyed it (though she said he liked Burgr by Gordon Ramsey better; I have not been there, so I have no comparison.)We ordered steak fries and fried pickles for sides.  Both were great.They also pride themselves on their shakes.  We did not try these or any type of dessert.AMBIENCEIt's...fine -- nothing elaborate or terribly unique.  Burger Bar is in the middle of the Mandalay Place shops, and it feels like a mall restaurant.  It's comfortable enough, but don't expect award-winning design or a "cool" vibe.LOCATIONAt the Mandalay Place shops between Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  If you're staying at either of these hotels, it's great and an easy walk.  For those going by car, I suggest using valet.  Easy.PRICESFair.  I think my burger was about $20 with all my extra add ons.  If you add sides, a salad, and a drink, you could easily be at about $30 per person.NUTSHELLIt's a good burger.  I've been to Holstein's at the Cosmo up the strip, and it's comparable as far as quality and price (though Holstein's is more of an atmospheric destination.)  You'll enjoy Burger Bar...but expect to pay just a little extra than a typical restaurant burger.
2	Stayed at Delano and my group decided to eat here for lunch due to the reviews it got. The food was decent, but I left disappointed as I expected better. I built my own burger and wanted it cooked medium. Unfortunately, my patty was closer to medium-well. For a restaurant that specializes in burgers, you would think they'd cook the burgers properly. The meat itself was nothing special and even kind of bland. They offer a good number of toppings that you can add on, but charge $1+ for each. The fries were standard and my girlfriend was unsatisfied with her fried zucchini.The service was a little lacking, however, it was noon and close to full capacity. I feel that our waitress didn't prioritize our table because we had a big group and her 18% tip was already guaranteed. I would not come back here in the future.
4	Really good burgers. My husband and I have decided to try burgers at different hotels and we are glad to have tried this place. I had the Vegas Vegan which I know isnt a "burger' but it sounded so good I had to try it. Portabello mushrooms and eggplant,yummy. My husband went for the Peppercorn burger and enjoyed it as well. Service was very good. Kinda loud but  not obnoxious. Good beer as well.I am confused by some reviews that say this is near the pool, it isnt. this is located in the Shoppes between Mandalay and Luxor, maybe the reviews are getting combined?
3	I wasn't that impressed. I ordered the Kobe burger and it was mediocre to say the least. I have not returned since.
4	Burgers are very tasty and hearty. The real treat is the awesome selection of milkshakes. Try the Salted Caramel. Truly marvelous.
4	We went to Burger Bar for a late afternoon snack. The kids got pasta which  was way better than what they had been served the night before at Verandah in the Four Seasons hotel. A perfect Caesar salad and excellent service as well,and Burger Bar is a good value. We'll go back again.
5	We were hungry for some good food while in Vegas.  During out search, I remembered that Hubert Keller has the Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay. So we went there. What a great decision!While we had to wait for about 45 minutes to be seated, but once we were seated, the service and the food blew us away. Our server was super nice, friendly, and attentive. The food server knew which of us ordered what, which I had not expected from such a casual place.  That's great service. The burgers were simply amazing!  I made my own burger for almost $21 but it was worth every penny!  It was honestly the best burger I've ever had. The drinks were also amazing as were the dessert milkshakes!!!We've been to Hubert Keller's famed Fleur de Lys - that was wonderful, and this is an even better experience!!
5	Best shake I have ever had in my life.Enjoyed the cowboy shake as recommended by my server and ordered the Rossini burger medium rare. Skinny fries, zucchini, onion rings with house made ketchup.  Chipotle aoiloe, pesto and spicy ketchup.Everything is amazing here and the service was great! Our waiter had fabulous recommendations.I like how you can order the sauces individually.
4	EXCELLENT SERVICE, good food and great ambiance.  A bit too loud for my taste.  Not a place I would bring a child.  Prices are pricey!
5	i had the veggie burger with wheat bread and peperjack cheese and onion rings. it was a great first vegas meal while waiting to check in. prices were reasonable and the service was awesome. i would recommend this place if you're in the mood for a good burger and i would definitely eat her again.
2	We ate here based on a recommendation from a wonderful worker of this hotel. Seemed great. We came as a group of 4 on a Monday night. Not busy at all and was seated promptly.  We ordered some beers and waters along with appetizer. .fried pickles yummy. We got our drinks but no appetizers.  So in the meantime we ordered our food. Mind you our waiter was great however the food service was extremely slow. We built our own burgers and all but one person ordered med-well and the other well done. We figured since she orderd hers well that what was taking so long. We go out food and but into a raw mooing burgers.  My husband isn't one to cause a scene about returning food so we just ate what we could and prayed we didn't throw it up later. I wasn't happy at all. The 2 stars are for the server.
4	Muy delicioso. I love the fried pickles! I swear they are godsent.
3	The ambience is a little dark for my taste, I hate it when its so dim, I feel like they're trying to hide something. A little noisy, they have some music playing variety of current hits . its a decent size restaurant. I thought the hostess could have been a bit friendlier towards people waiting in line to be seated. My waitress was really nice at least. The sweet potato fries were good, lamb burger was a but gamey. They use Australian lamb and I have noticed that Australian lamb is the gamest, I prefer New Zealand lamb. Note to self not to order lamb if it's Australian lamb again.Next I'll just try the regular beef burgers
3	My husband and I had dinner here 2 nights ago. I got the buffalo burger and my husband got the nature source beef burger. The meat was good. We got it well done and the meat is still juice. My husband also got the pretzel bun and he liked it. I had the plain bun and it was good in a way that it is not the soggy kind. I asked for no pepper and no seasoning on my buffalo meat and they were able to accommodate that. I like my meat plain, that is just how I prefer. I usually feel that seasoned meat doesn't taste good as it masked the real meat taste.The only thing we didn't like as much was the shake. We shared the salted caramel and it really tasted salty. I know we should have expected that it is salty but didn't anticipate that it would be salty enough to make me feel thirsty! It was like after eating msg! The shake does have a secret sauce called " Fleur de sel" in it and I don't know if that sauce contain any msg or fermented soy as my throat was terribly dehydrated and very thirsty after the shake. The toffee syrup in the shake for sure contributed to its saltiness too. After we went home, I had to eat an avocado and a plum which were high in potassium to counteract the trauma. I usually eat high potassium food as a remedy if I accidentally eat food with msg or high sodium. So if you can't handle sodium well, don't order the salted caramel shake, try another flavor instead.The burgers were satisfactory but it is not a "wow" yet so we can only give 3 stars here. Especially when we know another burger place serving naturesource beef meat as well, and they can accommodate no seasoning and I think that this other place grills the meat better too. Burger Bar is very pricey too when considering the size of the meat they offer on the burger, so one time try at Burger Bar is enough for us. It is not the place for us to go back again if we have a crave for burger or shake in the future, there are better options in town.
4	It was late Friday night and we were tired and hungry from walking all day along the strip. We were staying at the Delano so we didn't want to go far and found this restaurant still open in Mandalay Bay Shops. Owned by Hubert Keller, he is infamous in SF for his restaurant, Fleur de Lys (which recently closed) and for being on several shows such as Top Chef, Top Chef Masters, Top Chef All Stars, Top Chef Just Desserts and Secrets of a Chef (his own cooking show). It has a dark bar atmosphere with very dim lighting. The booths also have their own little TVs that you can change.Note: the pricing and some items on their website is different than on their menus.Our order:Rossini: ($65) Kobe Style Wagyu Beef w/ sauteed Foie Gras and shaved Truffles on an Onion Bun w/ a Black Perigord Truffle SauceBuild-your-own: (Total - $27.60) Buffalo Burger ($17.95) on a Pretzel Bun (+$1.50) Pepper Jack (+$1) Fried Egg ($1.95) Grilled Onion (+$1) BB Ketchup (+$0.95) Skinny Fries (+$3.25)Pink Monkey: ($8.75) Strawberry Ice Cream, fresh Banana & Strawberries topped w/Whipped Cream and added Malibu Banana (+$5.50)Crabbie Shake: ($11.50) Crabbies Ginger Beer served with a scoop of Lemon Sorbet and shaved Candied GingerThe kobe beef is ground in-house so I had my burger medium rare. It was very tender and juicy. Loved how much of the truffle you could taste and smell. My friend really enjoyed his burger and was moaning with each bite he took.Both of the shakes were sweet, bursting with flavor, and as yummy as they sounded. Definitely order one w/ your meal if you opt to come here.The burgers and drinks were really good. Were they worth the hefty price tag? Not really. Especially since everything is nearly nickle-and-dimed if you're not just getting a plain burger and the items on the menu increased in price (i.e. sauces increased by a dime, the Rossini Burger was prior $60 instead of the $65, several of the other burgers increase by $3-4 as well, etc).Service was decent. They only dropped off food and refilled our water so nothing to praise or complain.
4	The food is super delicious and I would visit again. Oreo shake is at least a 20 ounce so sharing is encouraged. Burger Bar will make custom flavors too.Dining with a friend we ordered 2 burgers and 1 shake. It was late afternoon and a few customers, though the wait to eat was sufficient for fresh made to order food. My pet peeve are restroom and although this one was clean, the faucet water sprays out and nearly drenched my shirt and the floor. I commented on this to the manager and his response was "Yes, I am aware but the company has not authorized anyone to come out and fix it." Poor customer service in that respect. I always think towards the comfortability and ease of things dining in a restaurant or using the restroom. My ultimate goal is to exit the establishment feeling good to come back and feel safe leaving. The restroom issue is a safety hazard because of the water on the floor, but all the same it would not preclude me from visiting again... for food. Thus the reason for the four star review.
3	My husband and I had dinner here 2 nights ago. I got the buffalo burger and my husband got the nature source beef burger. The meat was good. We got it well done and the meat is still juice. My husband also got the pretzel bun and he liked it. I had the plain bun and it was good in a way that it is not the soggy kind. I asked for no pepper and no seasoning on my buffalo meat and they were able to accommodate that. I like my meat plain, that is just how I prefer. I usually feel that seasoned meat doesn't taste good as it masked the real meat taste.The only thing we didn't like as much was the shake. We shared the salted caramel and it really tasted salty. I know we should have expected that it is salty but didn't anticipate that it would be salty enough to make me feel thirsty! It was like after eating msg! The shake does have a secret sauce called " Fleur de sel" in it and I don't know if that sauce contain any msg or fermented soy as my throat was terribly dehydrated and very thirsty after the shake. The toffee syrup in the shake for sure contributed to its saltiness too. After we went home, I had to eat an avocado and a plum which were high in potassium to counteract the trauma. I usually eat high potassium food as a remedy if I accidentally eat food with msg or high sodium. So if you can't handle sodium well, don't order the salted caramel shake, try another flavor instead.The burgers were satisfactory but it is not a "wow" yet so we can only give 3 stars here. Especially when we know another burger place serving naturesource beef meat as well, and they can accommodate no seasoning and I think that this other place grills the meat better too. Burger Bar is very pricey too when considering the size of the meat they offer on the burger, so one time try at Burger Bar is enough for us. It is not the place for us to go back again if we have a crave for burger or shake in the future, there are better options in town.
5	Always my first stop in vegas. I chosecto stay in Luxor just for its proximity to burger bar.
5	This is a place I go to every time I go to Vegas. The burgers are fantastic and so are the selection of beers. I switch between building my own and the Hubert Keller Burger (substituting the Buffalo for Kobe). The side sauce sampler is a good choice if you want variety. Of the sauces, I would strongly recommend the truffle mayo.
5	Great burgers!
5	There's a reason I made this place my Vegas staple... it never fails.We were in town for a week and I know the wait can get a bit crazy at Burger Bar. Normally, I have no problem waiting it out (the shopping close by is SO great), I mean, who would for quality food? But on this particular Tuesday, we had tickets to see a show at 7:00pm at Mandalay Bay and I wanted to score dinner here before the show.I know they dont take reservations but figured I would call anyway and see if I could try to arrange something. The girl who answered the phone gave me the email address of the manager to see if she could accomodate.  The manager was so incredibly sweet and went above and beyond to make sure we had the best table with the best server and got in and out on time to see our show.  Needless to say, the service here is top notch, excellent.Now on to the goods: the eats.  I had the Kobe Burger built my own way. The toppings you can choose from are SO original and they have a TON of choices. The meat was insanely tender and juicy, so lean, not an ounce of fat. I couldnt decide whether to pair it with the buttermilk fried zucchini sticks or buttermilk fried onion rings, so the waiter mixed and matched and brought me out a half order of both!!! And I'm so glad that he did... they were BOTH rediculous!! So, so delicious.In closing, once again, the Burger Bar out-did themselves and keeps me looking forward to my next trip out west so I can score some more food there!  Would recommend them HIGHLY to anyone looking for a great burger joint.
4	Definitely a great place to go while you're shopping at Mandalay Bay to watch some football and have top notch burgers! First, try the milkshakes! I built a Nutella and peanut butter milkshake and it stayed perfectly spun and frozen throughout my dinner! Burger bar lets you build your own burger! I had a kaiser roll, lamb, egg, bacon, chipotle aioli, and avocado.  The burger was cooked to a perfect medium! I like that you can choose anything from high quality beef/buffalo to turkey or salmon. You name the protein and it's there! They even have veggie options for those non-meat eaters (should they exist). Burger bar is particular about where they get their ingredients, and it definitely shows!
5	Absolute best gourmet burger I've ever had! I always stop and eat here when I'm in Vegas! I highly recommend checking it out and if you likes shakes, you have to try theirs!
4	Loved my burger (asked for medium well and it was exactly how I like it with some pink all the way through). Also thought the fat fries and onion rings were good with the various dipping sauces (I recommend the chipotle aioli for a kick and the basil aioli for the flavor). Had the Chocolate Cowboy adult milk shake and it was the stuff dreams are made of. Asked for it to go since we were in a rush and it was presented really nice! We went at noon at were seated immediately, service was fast and reliable throughout. Would definitely go back for my burger fix.
3	Burger Bar is pretty place, with dark wood and granite set against tan (or white but tan looking because of the dim lighting) walls and ceiling.  It's got a comfortable pub feel with very warm, friendly staff.  The burgers are expensive ($20 base), but they are good.  (They probably could be 2/3 the price...but it's Vegas.)
4	In a pretty obvious cash grab for Hubert Keller (really, dude? A burger spot? You're not Bobby Flay, c'mon and have some self respect), this 'build-a-burger' menu is attractive nonetheless. With upscale options such as Kobe style wagyu beef, foie gras and shallot sauce ("Hubert's personal favorite!" the menu touts), you really can at least feel the emphasis on fine dining. . .but it is indeed a burger place and there's no escaping that. Which is fine - because the burgers are good. Ton of options, and some interesting sides (stuffed poblanos, jalapeno onions) - at a fair price. Again, this is Hubert Keller so you'll pay more than expected (count on $16-$19 for a burger), but the flavor is there and probably one of the best burgers on the strip for whatever that's worth. Service is notably sound, and the decor is more roadside grill than Michelin star, but that's okay. That's the environ in which I want to eat my burger.
1	been to burger bar in san francisco and I am a HUGE fan. The service here however was terrible. It is obvious that  servers here DO NOT split the tips by the way every single waiter but the guy who took my order ignored me when I was standing up out of my seat waving a waiter down for a check. Not once did my "waiter" come and ask how the food was. NOT once did i get a refill on my water. Worse service I have ever experienced anywhere in Las Vegas.
1	A pretty bad burger...  a burger should never come out wet.....  the bun was literally soaked.  I was very disappointed
5	Great little spot with killer burgers and a good beer selection. They carry far more beers than your standard run of the mill beer menus. The ingredients  are fresh and the burgers on point. The fry sampler is the way to go as you can choose your favorite types of fries. Get you a selection of dipping sauces and you are in heaven. I opt for the veggie burger and have never been let down. My meat eating friends loved their selections as well and the service was top notch.
4	Herbert Keller's take on an American tradition.Located along bridge between Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Burger Bar has established itself over the past years as a standard in higher end gourmet burgers.The menu here has some nice selections and variety for most who enjoy a great burger, healthy and not so healthy options are available. When approaching with a group make sure to grab a reservation. Most nights of the week can be busy as Mandalay Bay and Luxor are generally busy but when a convention is on it can be packed. My recommendation is the Spicy Lamb Burger. As lamb can be little hard to find in town, Burger Bar seems to get it right. Most the burgers will come with fries, but are able to changed out for salad if need be.One also great aspect of Burger Bar that isn't really talked about is the Beer Menu. They carry a fair amount of local and nationally crafted beers that is rotated out month.OverallService: 4-5Food: 4-5Cleanliness: 3-5Coming back: yes
3	Service is fairly average but everyone is very nice. Burgers are good, but the toppings steal the show. Every time I have been there I have tried a new delicious topping including: caramelized onions, jalepeno bacon, aged white cheddar, avocado, bbq sauce, foie gras... The list goes on and on. I would save your money and get the regular burger and load up on add-ons, as opposed to splurging on the kobe burger. It's not real Kobe Beef even though it sounds nice to say.;) Wouldn't make a trip to Mandalay Bay just for this place, but if I'm hungry and I happen to be in the area, why not.
5	Ok so just to begin I had the most expensive burger on the menu because I was winning money and I figured I would live it up.  Okay so maybe it was not worth $65 BUT it was so so so delicious!  They have an awesome beer selection to boot!  Staff is friendly and the place is packed for lunch (that should tell you something). I stop in just about every time I come to vegas!
3	Over-hyped. Build your own Kobe burger was good, but you have to add everything and that's where it really adds up. $24 not worth it. Fried pickles were whatever. The batter didn't even stick to the pickles so you ate the pickle alone and then the batter. (Came with 6 little ones.. For $6.95!) Fries were good but still not worth the overall price. (Also small portion) My friend got the build your own Atlantic salmon and it was a mess to eat.
1	Can I give this place zero stars? My wife and I went to this place all excited about having gourmet burgers, this place has no clue. Server took our order and brought us our drinks, this is the only thing that was right-- everything after this point was horrible. The food took forever to come out --about 45 minutes. Then our order was wrong; it looked like they brought some other table"s order as they were putting it down I was saying 'I think that's somebody's else's order. The guy gets all mad takes some of it back and leaves some. The server comes back apologizes and says our order will be right out and she will try to hurry up the kitchen. I'm thinking that's a bad idea to rush things and sure enough, I was right. I ordered the burger medium --it came out raw with blood pouring or all over the plate. At this point the manager comes out and tells us that that is the way they cook them. Wow! I am thinking food poisoning with raw meat. I wonder what rare would look like? Terrible place!
3	Had very high expectations but wS disappointed.  Beer selection was excellent, enjoyed the ambiance and layout of the restaurant.  Burgers were disappointing, also didn't like that you had to pay for any dipping sauces for the appetizers.  Sweet potato fries were very good and the speed of service was good.
5	That donut burger tho......
4	Great Burger
1	Really wanted to like this place and leave them a great review. I am a burger guy and anytime I get a chance to go to a good burger place I take it. We got here and sat at the bar. I was impressed with the food options. I picked the Buffalo burger cooked medium. A little pink. With my choice of wheat bun and toppings. Got our order in and waited about 20 minutes for the food to come. No biggie. Our food comes and I bite into my burger and the inside is rare. I send it back because the meat is so raw on the inside. They then cut my bite off and browned the area they just cut off. So it appeared cooked. I took another bite and it's still raw inside. At this point I am not sending my food back. I ate the bun and left meat there. $30 burger and I couldn't eat it because it was so raw. Will never eat here again.
4	Right smack dab in the midst of Mandalay Place.  Super convenient.I simply LOVE this place. It's a great venue for large groups as well as smaller crowds.I have eaten here numerous times. 1st time I ever saw and tried the now popular "sweet potato fries."I did find my last few times here that rather than ordering my burger "medium rare" or "medium" I had to tell them what color I wanted it.  I had to send my burger back 2 or 3x otherwise.  Now I know.  Tell them what color you want it and see how they define that before you place your order. Then you'll get to enjoy your meal with your date or your friends, not 1 hour later.
4	Good lunch spot when visiting Vegas. I enjoyed our food. We ordered an appetizer(hot wings) they were yummy and the bloody marries tasted oh so good. Great burger wonderful choices and fantastic customer service. I'll be back for sure.
4	Really delicious. On the expensive side for a burger if you like a lot of toppings, but has always been delicious. Love the truffle sauce and every combination of burger I've had. Service is good, pretty decent drinks as well.
5	awesome place, l was here for convention week the food is delicious, definitely recommend this place and will stop by for my next visitation
4	Easily one of the best burgers I've ever had.  I built my own with Angus beef, bacon, Swiss cheese, sauteed onions and red wine-shallot reduction.  Not to brag or anything, but I'd put it up against any of the "pre-built" burgers they have on their menu.  And the jalapeno onion petals are amazing.The service here is pretty great, despite how busy it was when we went.  Our waitress was really friendly and attentive.The only real drawback is that if you build your own burger, the cost of additional toppings can add up pretty quick.  The concoction I mentioned above was close to $20, but considering they have a $60, it didn't seem so bad.I can't wait to go back and Hubert Keller has himself a new fan.
4	I've been wanting to try Hubert Keller's Burger Bar for so long.  Stopping here before seeing Aziz Ansari at Mandalay Bay made such an amazing night!  Hubby and I sat at the bar and I had the Med-Rare NatureSource burger with Brie, Sauteed baby spinach, and truffle mayo on the plain bun.   Oh Em Gee!  Probably the best burger I've ever eaten.  Hubs had the Kobe burger with brie and a fried egg with L&T on a plain bun.  His was killer as well ... though my "Annie Burger" was tops in my book -- and that's the beauty of BYOB!  Fat fries. Couple of glasses of wine, a decent (for LV, we're from SD!) glass or two of beer and we were happy,. happy, and ready to laugh :)
1	My husband wants to know if yelp will refund the money we spent on one of the worst meals we have ever had in Las Vegas. Seriously, the food came out room temperature  (at best ), the fries were soggy to the point of almost being undercooked. My husband ordered provolone on his & it came with no cheese. I ordered very light bleu cheese on mine and it had about a quarter cup piled on it.  The soda he ordered was diet  (which he hates) so they couldn't even get our beverage order correct. Worse of all, we both ordered our burgers medium-well and they were rare to the point that we couldn't even eat around the edges.  Not even juicy, lacked flavor and served on a cold potato bun made me actually lose my appetite.  Usually I love aeoli but theirs was so garlicky I had to mix it with the mayonnaise that we also had to request just so I could dip the pathetic fries in it. I did eat the tomato, the modest little slice that was served on the side.  Honestly, it made me not want another burger any time soon!  Epic fail!
4	Located conveniently between Mandalay Bay and The Luxor, Burger Bar delivers a juicy meaty burger for a decent price!The Burger Bar is a casual place with pop music piping throughout the restaurant and sports on the millions of televisions they have.  Each booth has their own television for you to catch a game or two so you'll never miss a game.  It's clean and modern and just dimly lit enough for you to feel relaxed.  I had "The American Classic" while Mr. W. had the "Hubert Keller Burger."  Both were super delicious, hit the spot, and cooked to a perfect medium..  I really enjoyed the buffalo meat in the HK burger and that red wine and shallots sauce was crazy good.  I liked dipping my skinny fries in there.  My burger was crazy big while the HK seemed to be a smaller portion.  Is this normal?  It was my first time stopping by!  I had originally wanted to try the "Spicy Lamb Burger" but I was afraid it would be too spicy.While Burger Bar isn't my burger place of choice on The Strip, I definitely wouldn't hesitate to stop in again!
4	A group of us ate here during Frozen Fury a couple of weeks ago. Very cool decor, tables and giant sized booth. There was six of us and we all fit in the booth. Plus the booth had a tv which was playing hockey! I had the hangover burger and not only was it delicious it actually worked (could have been a placebo) but whatever works. Great place to grab some food!
1	I got a burger there and as soon as I ate it I felt ill, went back to my hotel room and threw up about two hours later.  Had diarrhea for the next 3 days.  I hadn't eaten anything for about seven hours before that, so pretty sure that's the only place I could have gotten food poisoning from.  Ruined my trip to Vegas pretty much.  I emailed the restaurant and Mandalay bay about it, never got a reply.  Never going back there again.
2	Cheap happy hour deals but really let me down on the taste buds.  I truly believe that America is the masters of wings and chicken tender strips. Not here unfortunately.The chicken tenders what such a small portion it was borderline pathetic.The sliders were probably among the worst I have ever had.To be fair the drinks are cheap but the food is poor.I am giving it 2 stars for happy hour value.
2	I had a friend visiting from England and we decided to meet here since this is located at the hotel where he was staying at. I have never been to burger bar, so I was really excited, knowing it is owned by a renowned chef. I ordered the Twinkie Shake and the American burger with extra caramelized onions. Sad to say, they sound better than they taste. The burger was dry and lacked flavor, and the shake wasn't really anything to race about. I did love the zucchini fries, but that's about it. Service was also just okay. Overall, I was just very unsatisfied and felt like it was a complete let down compared to all the hype. Not sure if I will be back again.
4	We wanted to order healthy and both ordered a turkey burger, one with ciabatta bread and the other with whole wheat and I ordered mine with avocado and a side order of salad and the other order had a side of coleslaw.  I also ordered the tropical iced tea which was peach flavored and it has free refills.  We wanted a healthy and close place to eat since we were staying at the Mandalay Bay and this place filled the bill.
3	always go in and ask to sit in Jessica's section. she is the best and such a sweetie. I had the #9 beer and some sliders always a good combo!
5	Jalepeno bacon and a pretzel bun made my first meal in vegas delicious. Good service and good beer selection.
4	My husband and I both had the salmon burger. Server said it was great- otherwise I wouldn't order that. It was a full thick salmon- filet, not crab cake style like I expected. I built my burger with Smoked Gouda, Caramelized onions and avocado. Omg. I ordered zucchini fries, really good- and server graciously brought out the ranch!  They had a huge selection of fries. My husband got guacamole for his salmon and the shoe string fries. It was delicious. It's a definite go.  :). It's in a shopping mall, no patio. Otherwise food is great. :)
1	I cannot believe I just spent $44 at the Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay. Please, if you want a burger in Vegas, go to a local or national chain, not here. The burger was still over cooked even after being sent back once. There is absolutely no reason for the cost of that burger. Just another fleecing in Vegas. Guard your wallet, eat at In& Out. Doesn't even deserve a star.  My wife and I spent the day reviewing blog posts, urban spoon, and other internet burger rankings of restaurants in Vegas.  All of these critiques must have been completed by people without taste buds, or a since of value.  I am aware that Vegas is a town perfectly designed to take your money, but this is ridiculous. The chef that has proudly placed his name on this poor excuse of a restaurant should be forced by his peers to renounce his proclamation as chef.  Seriously, I have had better burgers at Denny's.
4	Starving and my sister was in town on business. Since she was staying at Mandalay Bay, & we were both craving burgers, we decided to go to Burger Bar. Since my sister had eaten here before, & said it was good, I trusted her judgement. The wait was not long & 5 minutes under the 15 minute wait time given. The Hostesses were very nice & polite. I could care less for our waitress, as she was young and not too eager to help out with the menu selections. Our food however was delicious!! We both ordered custom beef burgers on a pretzel bun, cheddar cheese, bacon n onions with sweet potato fries. Juicy meat, cooked to order as a true medium, soft bun, fresh toppings and bacon was crisp along the the fries!! The sweet potato fries were a little too sweet for me, so next time, I will order the fat fries instead. We ordered shakes to go with our meals, they did not disappoint!! I had the adult Vanilla French Kiss shake made with coffee liquor, while my sis opted for the Salted Caramel shake. Both creamy, delicious & not too overly sweet!!We were seated at a booth with our own personal TV which was great, since the Charger vs. Broncos football game was on!!I would definitely come back to Burger Bar!!
5	Love the burgers and shakes, alcoholic and non alcoholic. Good beer selection.I build my own with a fried egg with the pretzel roll. It is pricey but this is one place I almost always go to when in Las Vegas.
5	Service is always on point, and food is outstanding. Want a great burger? Look no further.
1	I live in San Francisco and the Burger Bar here is alright. I've been once and haven't had the desire to return. So when I went to Vegas my friend said I HAD to go to this Burger Bar because it was going to make up for San Francisco. It didn't. It was so much worse, oh man. Burger King is legitimately better than what I ate here, their chicken tenders are actually tender. The sliders were dry and the bread was stale. French fries tasted like cardboard that was fried in oil that had old sneakers in it before it started boiling.
5	One of the best burger and beer spots around. I had been to the one in San Francisco a few years ago so when I saw this one I knew it would be an excellent lunch spot. Great burgers, excellent beer selection, very nice servers and good fast service. Absolutely nothing bad can be said about this place.
1	My Wife and I went here and we were not happy. I ordered the Build your own Kobe burger w/ sweet potato fries and my Wife ordered the bar wings and fries. The fries were the only hot items on our trays.  The burger was just OK and it was room temperature.  The wings were cold. We waited 40 minutes for our food. People that sat down next to us 10-15 minutes after we were sitting got there wings and burgers before us. I ordered a medium burger ao that didn't cause the delay.Overall not the 4 star experience as stated here on Yelp. I was so excited.  I mean it is called the Burger Bar and burgers are my comfort food. I was not comforted nor happy.I will not be coming back to this establishment and wouldn't recommend it to anyone. The manager apologized and comped the wings and my beer but it still didn't make up for the bad experience.  Ahe said her kitchen was having a melt down. If your number one and main item is burgers then at least that should be good. I could have gone five guys for the same quality burger.Sorry Burger Bar you did not live up to the Yelp hype for this burger connisuer.
4	I have eaten here many times over the past few years when I come to Vegas.  The food never disappoints, and the service has been consistently good.I recommend the buffalo, or even the veggie burger if you are looking for something different. Regardless of which burger you choose, get the seeet potato fries!  Instead of a cocktail, consider having an alcoholic shake instead for dessert.
5	Build your own delicious burger. I had a kobe beef burger with caramelized onions, swiss cheese, truffle sauce, and foie gras. It gets pretty busy by lunchtime so plan ahead. Try the sweet potato fries and onion rings.It's a great place with great food. Perfect for a hangover.
4	I've returned to Burger Bar recently and am rethinking that I was overly harsh. They do have good quality and a great variety, even though there's lots of competition now.It's not a bad choice.
2	Service was Great loved our waitress but the food was mediocre at best  not worth the hefty price tag
2	Utter disappointment.I am like Jules in Pulp Fiction in that I love the taste of a Juicy Burger. With this in mind I figured Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay would have been a stone cold lock. Hundreds of beers to choose from, a masculine yet inviting interior, a packed house and even great bartenders had me sprung from the onset. In fact, I was seriously digging Burger Bar up to the point the Burger arrived!I decided to try the "Perfect Ten" Burger which really was more like a Perfect 5. Maybe Vegas grades on a curve? Basically they put down a (perfectly cooked) medium rare patty and top it with Gouda Cheese, carmelized Onions and serve it on a dry and stale Pretzel bun. With exception of the bun, the ingredients were fresh enough and the Burger was juicy and bold, it is just that there was no "pop" factor for me and at $16.00 it should have all kinds of wonderful in every bite. Frustrating.It being Vegas, I gambled big but lost in the flavor department. If you are going to drop some serious duckets on a Burger, I would suggest going elsewhere.
5	This place is so delicious. A bit pricey but totally worth a trip. The alcoholic milkshakes are delusion, can't even taste the booze.
4	Great food and decent atmosphere for a Thursday lunch. We got immediate seating for a party of 6. Downside is it's extremely expensive and had a limited burger menu that is partly made up by the build-your-own option.
4	Went to the Burger Bar with my brother. We both were extremely please with our orders. One of the freshest tastiest burgers I have had. I will definitely be back when I hit up Vegas again. Good stuff!
5	Damn good burgers.My wife and I split two different burgers: the lamb burger, which was spicy and delicious, and the Perfect 10, which had gouda and grilled onions. Both were incredibly tasty!Also, the beer list had more than 100 beers. Can't go wrong there!
4	I don't know what it is but since we were in Vegas I actually was considering the Rossini $60 burger.  As much as I wanted some Foie gras  I just decided on the kobe beef burger with some smoked gouda, fried egg, portabella mushrooms, caramelized onions all on a ciabatta bun.  DAMN!! that first bite was vegas worthy and worth the $25. Hahaha  Also ordered the salted caramel shake and ga-damn that hit the spot.  LOVE this place.  Check it out if your ever in the area.
2	A bit underwhelming. Everything was under seasoned, but was rich. So it was heavy on your palette but had  little flavor.I got the Hubert Keller burger, modified to kobe beef and smoked gouda. Couldn't taste the cheese, couldn't taste the meat, all i could taste was the steamed spinach, which was off setting.Quick guide:Buffalo meat = more lean, robust meaty flavor -- recommended.Kobe beef = Soft texture, under seasoned, very mild flavor.I'd try a different burger place in vegas before I return.
4	Great burgers , build your own has great options.  Service was great as well.The skinny fries were great and zucchini fries. Yummy.  They service is fast as well, great to eat before a show.
4	My first time here and I like the place. Great bar, not too crowded and  the servers are nice and friendly.  Make sure to order the Angus beef burger with baby spinach and cheddar cheese. Definitely will come back to this place.
5	As good as it gets when it comes to burgers. The ambiance sucks though.
2	Completely disappointed, under seasoned and overpriced...the Rossini did not even resemble the picture. The fries were stale and dry...all of the batter fried food were terrible...it has chunks of batter that is as hard as rocks.
5	This place has great atmosphere and the food is awesome.  I had the American Classic cooked to perfection.  My hubby has the Chefs Vegi Burger and said he gives it a 10.  Highly recommend this place to anyone.
3	Decent place, "New Vegas" pricing for food, you know, $17.95 for a Kobe burger - but it does come with fries! If I read the menu correctly, $3.95 for a soda so get the water or order a cocktail instead. Lots of beer choices and they also have a full bar. Busy place on the weekend (like almost every place on the Strip) but they do have a rather large bar (runs from the front of the bar almost all the way to the back) so if you have a smaller party, belly up to the bar for faster seating and service. Probably worth going to at least once for the experience but a bit overpriced for me for what we received. Good service, good food, just priced higher than I expected for the food received. Hope you enjoy it if you give it a try.
3	I ordered the Hubert Keller burger... it was good but underwhelmed for the $25 price.  The famous Office Burger at Father's Office in LA which is a similarly styled burger is WAY better IMO while being $10 cheaper.
5	I come here quite often when I am visiting Mandalay Bay, MGM, Luxor or The Palazzo. it has a great bob and wonderful energy. Very attractive bar and wait staff. I did not try any of the adult libation as I'd already had quite a few myself..... but what I did see going past me and at the tables looked delicious...and very potent. A very large selection of hamburgers or at least four to five  hamburgers that can be fully customized with special breads, cheeses. bacons and a myriad of other choices. they truly wicked roster of side dishes as well....... with stand out such as spicy onion petals and everyone's favourite onion rings.the staff was very busy that night with an unexpected rush of people around 10 o'clock which included a table of 25 or 30. I wanted to sit at that table because there were some very handsome men!the interior was spotless without being antiseptic. and the Barkers must not be charged grilled because there was no smoke in the main dining area.if I had one suggestion it would be this.... lightly season the meat generously with both salt and coarse black pepper.I will so be back.
5	Amazing burger, one of the best I've had. Just got a cheeseburger, but the meat was thick, perfectly cooked and very high quality.  Good price for a burger on the strip ($12), amazing price for the quality.
2	Went there coz of all the good reviews, but I was very disappointed. Nothing special about the food here, my bf and I can barely finish it. We ordered Hubert Keller's burger, low carb burger and onion rings, all taste bleh and onion rings was way too crunchy in a hard-to-chew way. There are so much more better burger places in LA. We are spoiled. The only good thing in this place is service.
4	So glad to have gotten a chance to finally try this place. It's tempting to pass up since there are so many great restaurants in the hotel alone, but people in the group were up for burgers and it was a good option after several business meals.The drinks were good. I didn't go Kobe (someday, someday), but the burger and steak fries are more than enough for me. I went purist here. Even the vegetarian in the group seemed satisfied. Which says a lot for a burger bar.
4	My review is based on the bar and drinks only as well did not eat.  However, everything I saw looked amazing.  We sat at the bar and ordered a few beers.  Service was great the whole time.  They were very knowledgeable about the beer, which is harder to find then you would think.  They had a good selection and had several beers that are hard to find as well as some we had not tried before.  They were also willing to do some different half and half for my husband.  Also, during happy hour the prices are reasonable.I would definitely be back here to drink as well as hopefully eat next time.  Its also nice to be out of the casinos, so the location is good, but it is a relatively small restaurant for how many people they pack in.
5	It's been a while since I've been in but this was my go to place to meet a colleague of mine whenever we were both in town long enough to catch up with each other. Good menu.
5	An absolute must visit every time in town. Love to build my own burger and shake...it's the bombdigity!
4	Great burgers, great service. I chose the Cowboy Burger and it was excellent. The patty was big and juicy and a fair price, I'll be going here again next time I'm on the strip!
3	Decent burger, even better fries. Lousy service - waitress hardly came to check on us and the burgers took a long time. And they charge $2 to split a burger but won't even plate it separately for you. That's kind of ridiculous.
3	Had the Kobe Burger. It was a good burger but it seemed so basic compared to many burgers i've had throughout town. You can customize it with fresh ingredients and they have decent shakes. Don't get me wrong the burgers are good just not memorable as many other options on the strip. If you're looking for just a quick bite and a quick fix, then this is the place to go.
4	Nice American Continental. Nice Atmosphere
2	Bought into the hype with all those yelp reviews. The burgers were pleasant, but not extraordinary. Tried the no carb burger, the veggie burger, and sides.No carb was just that. Burger smushed between onion, tomato, and mushrooms.The veggie burger was a patty made of lentils and rice, and some other stuff. Tasted nice.Sides were ok as well. Zucchini, sweet potatoe, and regular fries.My opinion is that for the price you're paying here, you'll get a better deal, and just as tasty over at Shake Shak.
4	Everytime I'm in Vegas I always stop in for a burger.  The food is always delicious and the staff is friendly.  I like the setup of the restaurant and also the quickness of ordering my meal and having it delivered without any issues.    It's a place where I know the food and service will always be great.Thanks for not letting me down
