5	Seeing Dr. Coury today at his new Gilbert Clinic was very encouraging. Thank you Doctor for taking care of all my health issues. Ladies and Gentlement may I present Dr. Pete Coury. An excellent choice for a primary care doctor.
5	Alright, I have been visiting Dr. Coury's office for years now.  I have to say is that I am a medical snob.  I'm originally from Boston which is hospital capital of the world.  Only the best of the best work in Boston.  With that being said I am always skeptical about any other Dr. who have ever treated me outside of Boston, but I will say this, the Physicians Assistants and Dr. Coury himself, I am actually very impressed with.  They are knowledagble and very courteous to me the patient.  I have never had a single complaint while attending this practice, and if interactions continue the way that they do, I do not thing I will ever have a complaint.  I will totally recommend this place to anyone looking for a Primary Care Physician!
5	I attend the Gilbert Practice (on Guadalupe). Excellent and they make it so easy, with no waiting and in-house extraction of lab samples.Today I had an emergency and just showed up. They took care of me within minutes.I feel lucky to have them so near my home!
5	Have been to many doctors and this practice ranks at the top.  The P.A.s he has are excellent too.  I've been to this office for almost every type of problem including skin, lungs, kidney, nerves and they have referred me as needed and I've had excellent results with each visit.  Very on time, I've rarely had to wait over 5 or 10 minutes.  They also accept Medicare assignment!  Everything about Coury and this office are amazing.  The staff is efficient and have reacted very well to any call or complaint I have had.
5	My husband and I have been seeing Dr. Coury for several years.  We agee with all the other reviewers who have praised the doctor and his staff.  That are all top notch and very responsive to patient needs and requests.  They fax referrals, paperwork, x-rays, prescriptions or whatever is needed in a very timely fashion. We have a lot of experience with doctors and Dr. Coury & his staff are some of THE BEST.  We are so glad he still takes Medicare patients!
4	Really friendly staff, after my previous PCP retired I was recommended to Dr. Coury and have not been disappointed. As of now I am happy with this practice and do not intend on leaving anytime in the near future.
