5	Great staff and doctors.
5	Saw Dr. Amols for PCOS treatment. The staff here is friendly and efficient. Dr. Amols didn't just look for quick fixes and prescriptions to treat my issue, he sat down and really talked to me about my reproductive health, history, and baby-making goals and set up a treatment plan that worked for me. I am now almost 100 lbs lighter thanks to the diet plan he put me on, cycles are regular, and I am healthier than I have ever been. He even talked to my husband about some of his health concerns and made recommendations for primary care doctors in our area. He does not talk down to you and he really and truly cares about his patients!If you're struggling with reproductive issues, please at least schedule a consultation with Dr. Amols. Seriously, he rocks!
5	Dr. Johnson and his assistant, Dana, at the Chandler location have been wonderful. My husband and I are just in the beginning phases of fertility testing procedures to see which direction we will need to go. Their office is quiet because they like to schedule only one patient in the office at a time. So, there's a friendly, personal touch when you are there. Given the nature of the visit, this reduces the stress level of waiting in a crowded doctor's office then waiting some more in the the exam or procedure room. Dr. Johnson is prompt, thorough, competent and has a great bedside manner (light-hearted sense of humor where appropriate, friendly and professional). Dana is on the ball juggling multiple things at once with grace because it's usually only her and Dr. Johnson, with an occasional extra medical assistant. I actually wish I could keep them as my OB/GYN.
5	We are so thankful for all Dr. Johnson has done for our family to help us conceive!  After going to a different fertility specialist in the valley, that diagnosed me with unexplained infertility, Dr. Johnson cared enough to find out why we had been struggling to get pregnant.  Come to find out I have PCOS.  We now have our son and are so thankful for all the guidance and encouragement Dr. Johnson helped provide on our journey!  Dr.Johnson is so caring, very experienced, a safe haven, and always so encouraging.  My husband and I feel so blessed to have been able to share this journey with Dr. Johnson and really wanted to let others know what a joy and comfort he is to work with!
