2	This location does not process film anymore. To get any 35mm film processed you have to go to the Galleria location, so they tell me. Why am I shooting with 35mm you ask? ... only sometimes, my camera and lens is THAT good and I feel bad for it just sitting there while the digital gets all the attention.
1	I'm going to make this short and simple.  Don't come to this place!  The service is horrible!   I recently bought a camera here and within 2 days found it significantly cheaper on the internet.  How significant you ask?  Nearly $70.00.  I went on Ritz' website and found out that they do match competitor prices, but to  take advantage of this, there are all these stipulations and it is done via snail mail only.   I was baffled at the fact that I couldn't simple go to the store I purchased it from, so I decided to give it a try.Upon arriving and explaining my situation, I asked if it was possible to do a price match. I came prepared and had my ipod on Amazon (which Ritz.Com actually states as a main competitor) to show Ritz.  The guy gave me a smart-a** attitude and told me that I should re-evaluate my calculation because I forgot to include tax and shipping.  Before I could even get my 2 cents in, he told me to just return the product and get it off of Amazon.  While conducting my return, he continued to make quirky remarks about Amazon and told me, verbatim: "If you want something for the cheaper price, then don't go to a shopping mall to shop.  Everything is cheaper online!"Wow, that just blew my mind that he had the audacity to say such a thing.  His rude behavior continued as he threw my credit card on the counter after swiping it for the return.  This place has the worst customer service and overpriced products.  Why in the world would I shop here again?  Now I understand why the other Ritz Cameras were closing down and going out of business.  If this place doesn't have its' associates take a refresher course in customer service, they are going down the drain just like the previous Ritz Camera locations.Pros:* They have a clearance section* print service, which you can order via internet & pick up at store.Cons:* Ludicrous customer service* Clearance section is all of outdated stuff that no one could really use.* over-priced items* They state they match prices, but they really don't.  * They did not carry Canon products for months.  They are working on it, but as of now not yet.Tips:* There's a Fry's Electronics across the street.  Go there instead!* Shop online!
1	Incredibly rude manager!! I went in with a gift certificate in hopes of purchasing a new lens for my Sony Alpha SLR. There were people in the store which was fine, and a person behind the counter came up to me and asked how they could help, I was mid sentence with what I wanted and the guy walked away from me (again, in mid sentence!) and started helping someone else. I left and told him Thanks alot, he was a big help. About a minute later, I went back in to ask a different associate to speak to the manager, and he pointed to the rude individual and said he was the manager, so I asked who his boss was, the manager then came over to me and instead of apologizing for his rudeness, he claimed the other people were there first and he was already helping them (which would have been fine if he simply said "someone will be with you soon" and not just walked away). So Rude Associate gave me his boss's number which I WILL be calling. I almost swore off Ritz all together, but when I went to the one near Galleria Mall ... I went in with a gift certificate in hopes of purchasing a new lens for my Sony Alpha SLR. There were people in the store which was fine, and a person behind the counter came up to me and asked how they could help, I was mid sentence with what I wanted and the guy walked away from me (again, in mid sentence!) and started helping someone else. I left and told him Thanks alot, he was a big help. About a minute later, I went back in to ask a different associate to speak to the manager, and he pointed to the rude individual and said he was the manager, so I asked who his boss was, the manager then came over to me and instead of apologizing for his rudeness, he claimed the other people were there first and he was already helping them (which would have been fine if he simply said "someone will be with you soon" and not just walked away). So Rude Associate gave me his boss's number which I WILL be calling. I almost swore off Ritz all together, but when I went to the one near Galleria Mall (since I did have a gift card to redeem), Julie was incredibly nice, incredibly helpful and an all around friendly girl. So please, do yourself a favor, if you do shop at Ritz, avoid the outlet location all together and shop around at a different one. The Galleria one was excellent, This one was pathetic at best.
