3	I wanted a burger for lunch one day, and this place was recommended to me by a friend.It's a bar, so yeah.The burger I got was pretty good, but there was something strange about the way it tasted. Can't quite put my finger on it, but I think it was something in the buns they used. I may have to go back to try again with a different type of bun (if possible) to see if that alleviates the issue.
3	I stopped in here after trivia at the Freaking Frog to take advantage of their $50 birthday match play. This is a great birthday promotion. You just put $50 in the video poker machine and rounders will match it. Once you run through the $100 whatever is left is yours to keep. I cashed out for $80, got to drink for free while I played and made a $30 profit. Pretty good deal and even if you're not a gambler the rounder's pints are only $2.The kitchen closes at 9 so we were too late to eat but I have had lunch here before and they serve a pretty good turkey burger with chipotle mayo. It comes on a pretzel bun that I absolutely love. Craig was our bartender and he was very personable and kept the beers flowing. I told him I was going to give him a good review on yelp and he said "What's that?" :) Despite that minor glitch, he was awesome. The only reason I didn't give Rounders more stars was the smoking. I hate it. Always have always will. It wasn't bad while we were there. It was Monday night and they were pretty slow but I imagine it can get nasty when this place is busy.
1	Be careful!! Price might not be as advertised!!!!   We stopped by for martini specials. They have a huge sign $5 martinis, $2 draft beers. Service was good. Food was good as well. Drinks ok. We ordered from the martinis special list and two draft beers. As we were ready to pay and check was not as we thought it was going to be. Martinis $7.50 and $5.00 beers, WTF??? I asked the bartender why are martinis $7.50, he says because "specialty" martinis are not included on the special. But, they were made with 3 olives, which was the happy hour vodka special.  WHY DIDN'T HE TELL ME THAT BEFORE? I am not cheap, but i hate when businesses try to take advantage of people. I guess my 40% tip on food wasn't good enough!!! Anyway, I tried to get answers and no one was willing to help. Too bad but i'm not coming back at all...
5	Sound the alarms: HAPPY HOUR ALERT! Not all Rounders are created equal because this location does not believe in the regular 2-3 hour special. Instead they run a 2pm-2am happy hour with $2 Rounders' draft, $3 well drinks, $4 wines, $5 Three Olives martinis, and half off food. A couple of friends and I had just finished playing tennis and was looking for a place that did reverse happy hour. When we called to see if they had one, the woman who picked up the phone sounded really confused and didn't know what that was. If I had to work at a place that had happy hour for half the day, I would be confused too. We ended up getting the sliders trio; a combination of a pulled pork, beef in a green chili sauce, and a buffalo chicken mini sandwich. All three was good, but sliders are sliders. The seared ahi stackers with the Asian slaw was amazing for a bar. The chili con queso was a soup. It lacked the consistency of a dip, but as it cooled down it got thicker. The lobster quesadilla is no joke. The folded cheese tortilla was stuffed full of luscious lobster meat. Smear some guacamole and spoon on that pico and I went to town. This is one of the best bar experiences I have experienced. Three drinks and four appetizers between three people came out to $32 before tip. That is a steal and their serving size is no joke either. This will not be a late night spot because I already see the aftermath. At least I know I will not have to rush here to catch the tail end of a happy hour.
3	This place is decent.  We went to watch Thursday Night Football and they had great happy hour specials with $2 beers and half off a decent list of items including chicken wings, tri tip quesadilla and lobster quesadilla, chicken bbq pizza, tx chili, and many more items.  The lobster quesadilla was quite decent while the chili was awful but take this from a chili snob from TX.The tv setup is not as good but if i lived in the area i may frequent b/c of proximity.It's a decent spot.  I probably won't be back but if you go during happy hour they have decent deals.
4	Drove by for 4 years and finally stopped as its close to our home. Very nice decor and staff is very friendly and menu is large and not just typical deep fried bar food.
2	Went back there last night, only to find out that they got rid of the half-day happy hour. That was very disappointing. Also gone was most of the appetizers, and only a minimal menu. Gone was the lobster quesedillas, and the lobster potato skins.  The waitress let us know that they were trying to revamp the place and cutting back to focus more on the regulars. The other location (blue diamond) still has some of the menu, and still has happy hour, so I'll check them out instead.The place still has nice wait staff, and nice regulars. But I'm disappointed, and won't be back to this location.
5	Rounders is my first and favorite bar. Greg, chris, burke, best bartenders in vegas. Biggest cocks ever. I would gladly come here every night and swallow every thing they pour.
4	Local bar, great location and awesome service. Get to know the bartenders, they'll treat ya right.
