3	For me their really isn't a worse way to shill something then to have to use UPS. If you have a business account they offer great service, but for the everyday Joe they are a total rip. Every shippment through them is twice as expensive and gets to the location in double the time. WTF.... The only benefit of he UPS store is not having to wait in the ridiculous USPS line and deal with some over worked, over paid Postal worker.
5	Love this UPS store :) staff is very friendly & always helpful. Store is well kept & its never over crowded so the line/wait is short. I'll never go anywhere else!
4	I send alot of things to my daughter with ups. So I go there alot. Just sent her a Easter basket. The customer service there was great!! She boxed it up sent it and told me when it was going to be there. Good store..
1	The lady working was not very helpful with a paper I needed notarized. It was my fault that I had signed it in advance (I didn't realize it needed to be notarized), so I thought I could utilize their computer for $2 for 5 min to reprint the form. There was no option to print the form on the screen and she couldn't be bothered to help. When I tried Control + P it printed only 1/2 of the page and suddenly I had less than 1 minute left. So, not only did I not get my form notarized, but I ended up paying for the 5 minutes AND the half printed paper. All the lady did was huff and puff, such a bother to help me reprint one form. Don't waste your time here when there's another UPS store in the 10000 block of Eastern.****I'm coming back to add that once I went home, printed another form and went elsewhere for notary services- I was told that the original form with my signature would've been OK- he would've just asked me to sign again next to the first signature. Wow, "Rikki", that would've been too much to offer, huh?
1	The young lady with all the attitude who works mornings during the week at this location has tried to ruin our day for the last time.  There's never justification for rudeness and becoming mouthy with paying customers. We've taken our business to another location in the area and it is so much better.
