3	Beware of the allergy testing and treatment methods. They hired Tom Willim, a physician assistant to manage their allergy treatment using a non-FDA approved sublingual immunotherapy.  Tom Willim is not board certified in allergy immunology. The term "allergy specialist" is subjective and is often used to refer to an Allergy Immunologist which is a physician who completed a minimum of 3 years of residency and 2 years of fellowship after medical school to qualify to sit for the boards and be licensed in the field.  Tom Willim does not have this training. Furthermore, his supervising physicians are not board certified allergy immunology physicians and do not refer to them. They hired Mr. Willim to do their allergy testing and treatment using Allergyeasy" which is a non FDA approved or off-label therapy.  Many primary care physicians such as family medicine physicians refer to specialists who are qualified and board certified who use FDA approved methods to treat conditions.Just be informed before choosing to be treated for allergies at this clinic.
1	They use MA's (medical assistants) with practically no training here instead of RN's that are down right incompetent. Horrible at returning phone calls... Wouldnt reccomend dealing with front desk girl I believe her name is Janet as she was very unpleasant.
3	Dr. Pankow is fantastic. I'm sad she'll be leaving the office but I will probably take her recommendations on another doctor in the office to see. I love how easy it is to get an appointment quickly with your doctor (usually within a day) here. The place is highly efficient.I do wish that the front office staff was a little friendlier. They're not exactly rude, but perhaps a bit cold. They're pretty good at acknowledging the fact that you walked in the door but won't exactly go out of their way to say "Hi."
5	Great staff great doctors. Been going here for over twenty years
4	Been going here for 20+ years. Great staff of doctors and nurses; one to fit every person's personality preference. the members of our family all see different doctors and are very happy. They're very accommodating and take the time and interest necessary to really listen to your story and give you thorough care. Only reason I didn't put 5 stars is sometimes the office staff are a bit preoccupied and not overly friendly.
5	By far the best doctor's office I have ever been a patient of. The front office - Welcoming! Kind! Friendly! Personable! Everyone in this office whom I have dealt with has been polite. Dr. Muncy - also wonderful. You know doctors are busy - often back to back appointments if they aren't double booked as well. Dr. Muncy takes the time to listen and does not make you feel rushed. That being said, don't take advantage of your time slot :)
1	I have been a patient of this practice since 1999.  Today I went in for a checkup and I filled out paperwork because it had been some time since I had seen my PCP. Dr. Ruth Eckert was my PCP since the beginning but she joined MDVIP 2 years ago so I went to see Dr. Ya Ya Su, as I did'nt need the expense of MDVIP.  now I find out Dr. Su left the medical field. NSFM now has no female doctors on their staff.  I was willing to see another doctor, but when billing called my insurance company they couldn't verify eligibility because my name was miss-spelled on the insurance website. Even though NSFM had my driver's license, my insurance card (with name spelled correctly) and 14 yrs of medical records, they insisted I pay out of pocket for the appointment and blood work since they couldn't "verify eligibility". I refused because it was a matter of principle-they treated me for 14 yrs, my husband for 14 years and they didn't trust me enough to take my word for it. Shame on North Scottsdale Family Medicine! There other medical practices in the valley that would be happy to have my business.  Pass on this practice!
5	Called for a new patient sick visit yesterday and they squeezed me right in that day. Office is clean and very comfortable. Office staff was extremely pleasant and the man at the front desk was so kind and seemed like he really loves his job and interacting with the patients. I highly recommend this PCP practice!
4	My wife and I see Dr. Babey here and have been very pleased with his care. He and his staff are very competent and friendly. I am able to get appointments fairly quickly and usually get test results back in a short time. Overall I am very happy at this practice and have recommended it to friends and family.
3	I have been going to this practice  The whole appointment with blood tests took 1. 50 mins. And I am a VIP patient paying an extra $1,000 a year. Shame on the scheduler.
