3	The menu at this American style restaurant is my ideal.. wholesome, slightly heavy and just a little bit unhealthy! The Steam Packet (????? I know...) is located on Rose Street, one of Edinburgh's quirkier streets, and like many other restaurants in town they've got a pre-theatre menu. I'm starting to wonder how many people actually go to the theatre here, or if it's just become popular to say so. They function around bookings, so whilst there's an official closing time, it all depends on how many reservations there are.They've got some delicious starters, and I had a little giggle at the gangsta "harlem" dip! The main dishes are heffers though, including steaks, burgers and enchiladas. For dessert you can have a pecan pie, or choc fudge cake :D!!!I'd definitely work up an appetite before eating there though.
5	Love this place have eaten here more than a dozen times in the last year. Its BYOB.If your an American longing for a taste of home you have to have the burger it is as good as it gets.Personally my normal order is Mussels (amazingly fresh, im told they delivered for each service fresh from the Shetlands), Steak (great sirloin) with garlic butter, its served with chips and salad and unless I miss lunch i struggle to finish.For desert theres three sugar rich options of dime bar cake, pecan pie or chococlate fudge. Im a chocolate fan so my decision is easy :)Try it its worth it :)
5	So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night. On one hand, I'm delighted to announce another notch on the cool club belt of discovering this little place tucked up a side street behind a heavy  door... honestly if I had found this place on my own I would have thought it closed. On the other hand, how have they stayed in business so long (the establishment has been running since the 70's, but the present owners only for the past 3 years) being so hidden and so small? Perhaps you can attribute that to it being a great wee find!My favourite part of the NYSP is the metal curving staircase into the teeny tiny restaurant. It's like emerging into a magical old world, with cruiser memorabilia everywhere you look, from the posters on the walls to the brass fixings on the benches around the walls. With an open kitchen, you have full access to watching your food being made. Well, in theory, as the event last night had the walls jumping with yelpers eager to try chef Kev's fare. And the food is good. For me, the highlight was the mussels that Jurgen D. waxed lyrical about in his review - so succulent and tender, they were an instant win in my book, which is against the norm with me when it comes to mussels. Other highlights that I had the opportunity to try included vegetarian enchiladas and a vegetarian burger - the burger, a little dry, but tasty all the same. When the dessert platter came around, we got to try all the desserts available - cheesecake, dime bar cake, pecan pie and chocolate cake. For me, the chocolate cake was far too rich and needs something to take away from the heaviness, but eh, who needs chocolate cake when you have Dime Bar? That cake bitch slaps all the other dessert options on the menu. The boy wasn't available to test out NYSP last night so it is clear what I must do. Take him to NYSP and lucky for me, he doesn't like cake....
5	Fantastic food, great atmosphere and would definitely eat here again. The  burgers and steak are two of favourites. generally id say to give it a go!
5	Whoa. What a place. I honestly didn't think Edinburgh was cool enough to have places like this tucked away down back-alleys. You just keep surprising me, Edinburgh.I was desperate to try this New York Steam Packet for months, mostly because I pawed my way through the photo album of the elite event hosted here back in 2011 and I was jealous of how good the night looked. Thems burgers! Theys tater skins! That staircase! I've been a few times now. I say again, what a place! The first few times I was just blown away by the food, the price and the atmosphere, but now I know New York Steam Packet's glorious hidden secret: they have a Mariokart Nintendo 64 hooked up to a projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Mariokart. Nintendo 64. Projector. Yep, this now my FAVOURITE restaurant in the entire United Kingdom. The staff were SO nice they let me win every race in the Mushroom Cup. The food was SO good I didn't even gloat too hard when I won every race in the Mushroom Cup.
4	I love the idea behind this place, set menu, BYOB, New York themed and the setting of our first ever Yelp Movie Night!!So when I walked up the twisty/twindy Iron staircase after walking up a random alley off Rose Street I was pleasantly surprised!! And of course welcomed by many a familiar face! The menu had a good selection of choice.... I was struggling wtith the Starter, but ended up going for Mussels in white wine, cream and garlic and lots of other things to make this quite simply the best bowl of Mussels I have had! Then it was time to get out burger on. I decided to stick with a simple beef burger. All the burgers here are home made as I have been told from the man himself and it totally pays off! Delicious. Simple. Then there was pudding...... Dime Pie. My hips were screaming at me not to, but I totally did, and I loved every single mouthful of it!! Then came the Movie, some drooling over Ryan Gosling, bucket loads of banter..... and the infamous mario kart on the Nintendo 64. This is what made the night for me.... the guys here are just such a hoot and that is what makes that extra difference!
