5	absolutely refreshing place to eat at.. the staff had fun and worked as a team. food was great also!!
4	This was my second time at a Freddy's, first was in CO so I was looking forward to trying their food again. We went to the drive-thru & the girl taking our order was patient & didn't make us feel rushed. She repeated our order back to us which I always appreciate, especially in a drive-thru. We waited a min or so & our food was ready. Our car smelt sooo good. My husband & I both ordered double cheeseburgers & split an order of fries. Their fries are AWESOME! Super thin, crispy & the perfect amount of seasoning. The burger was way too much for me. I'm not a huge fan of large meat patties & thought the singles would be skimpy which is why I ordered a double, next time I will def order a single. I could barely finish. The burger was very flavorful & tasted fresh. Their menu of ice cream treats was huge & I look forward to trying something off of the dessert menu in the future. Can't wait to come back for more fries :)
5	Nice retro style fast food diner! Yet to have a mistake and always seems to be a clean friendly establishment when I pull up. Foods delicious, fresh, and very reasonably priced! Excellent location, they're quick.. I mean, what more can I say!? If ya haven't tried Freddy's Steakburgers and Frozen Custards go now! Oh, and they have veggie burgers just incase ;)
5	I loved the look of this place from the outside so I decided to give it a try. So glad I did. From excellent customer service that is fast and friendly to a clean welcoming environment that brings nostalgia to mind. It's exactly the kind of place my parents would have taken us to in the old days. Black checked floors and red booths and chairs. Order at the counter and they call your number when ready everything is cooked to order.I had the patty melt combo and it was perfectly cooked with crunchy bread. The shoestring fries are good and since the burger was so tasty I decided to try their custard. Excellent in terms of everything and  I know I will be back.
4	I had been here a few years back while I was in town and didn't remember being here until I saw my review at another location and it was funny because I ordered the same burger and the same Turtle as last time. atleast Im consistent I guess.too bad we don't have one close to home in Cali.
1	Went there after movie worst burgers ever ! Frys greasy and cold bathroom dirty ! I would never go back music so loud at at register I could hardly hear the girl and she could not hear me
5	Super friendly crew working at this location.  Good quality food at a nice price always served with a smile.  I've eaten here as both the first customer of the day and the last.  Food nice and tasty no matter if it was the first order of the day or the last.   I always suggest this location since I now live near it to friends and family members as a great choice to eat at when they are in the area.
4	Very courteous, good food, and accommodating. I can't give 5 stars bc being gluten intolerant they only have ice cream for someone like me. I cannot even have fries bc the fries are cooked with chicken that is wheat covered. Doing wheat free in food = 5 stars
2	The burgers where flaky and tasted a little like  char the fries where decent but the shakes where like cement. Over all the purchase was thirty dollars and was NOT worth the money i wouldnt reccomend this restaurant to anyone. The workers there were over all very nice
4	Generic middle class burger joint like five guys or in n out burger.  Burger patty quality and taste are good. Being my first time eating here I ordered a single patty burger instead of the double.....wrong choice.  Go with the double patty as the burgers patties are extremely thin. As for the custard...FREAKING AMAZING! Ask for a sample, you won't be disappointed.
4	Burgers are amazing! Try the chile cheese fries as a meal or on the side. They have the  best custard ever,  I like vanilla the best. I don't think I've ever eaten anything there I didn't like
5	Just ate there again today and as always, the employees are still super friendly (FOUR different employees stopped by our booth to check on us!) and the food was also still great.  I have stopped by here many times since my last review and this location still delivers great service and great food.
1	In the words of the great Leo Getz (Joe Pesci) in Lethal Weapon 2, "They always f$@& you at the drive thru!"   First I get drinks without the lids on tight so I've got a front seat soaked in root beer.  Second, they short me an order of fries.  Third, my daughters burger was overlooked to the point it was crispy.   With In-n-Out and Five Guys both within 2 blocks I won't be giving Freddy a second chance.
