4	It keeps me coming back. It's got a cafeteria feel to it. But the food is way better than what your would expect from a cafeteria. I've only come for lunch but I've never been disappointed. It's very laid back. I really like the feel of the high ceilings and touch of the good old days. Small menu, but is appears to change daily. It's also a cafe where you can just hang out with a coffee, read a paper or surf the web.
4	Une cafeteria nouveau genre. Parfait pour bruncher!
3	I came here to meet friends for brunch and was pleased with the price, the fact that you get fruit salad and a little smoothie to accompany your brunch and there is always seating, inside and outside. Lots of choices for vegetarians and the coffee was pretty tasty as well. That said, carrying a mug of coffee, your plate loaded with food stuff and your utensils? Screw it, I'd rather pay the money and be served rather than almost burn myself trying to get to my table (there is a reason why I was NEVER a waitress, people!)My complaint about this place though is that is is SO confusing! I was in line with everyone else and when I got to the cash, he asked what I wanted, wrote it down and asked where I was going to be sitting. I waited and waited and no food came. Finally I trotted up to the counter and the cash dude shrugged at me even though I showed him my bill. The cook noticed what was going on and motioned for me to come over. I told him that everyone else in my group had food except for me and he shook his head and said "sorry, but you should have told me what you wanted, not the cashier"...ummm ok. There should be a sign or something cause how in the f&*k would anyone know to interrupt the line cooks and say "I want some French toast, yo".
5	Looking for a place to brunch on Saturday morning, maybe on the Plateau and close to a subway station ? Look no further, bacon, eggs, fruit, bagel and coffee. Although the coffee was a bit on the small side, it was really good ! Will come back again.
5	I love this place! I go there almost every weekend for their brunch because the menu is different every week. They always surprise me with something pleasantly unexpected on my plate. E.g., snow peas with pulled pork on scrambled eggs... Potato rostis with eggs, mushrooms and Brussels sprouts!... Old-fashioned ham with mashed sweet potatoes!! I keep going back because it's one of the rare places that really goes off the beaten path, and I have never been disappointed. Great atmosphere too, with friendly staff and lots of windows. Careful: it can get really busy from about noon or 1pm so if you are in a rush, it's not the good time to go there. But DO go when you get the chance!
3	I love drinking a coffee or tea here, but anything involving food is likely to be frustrating. First of all, I'm not quite (I know, I know...) willing to shell out upwards of $16-18 for a full brunch. That, to me, is for a serious indulgence. (I know that's totally normal for most human beings, and that's awesome, but I'm a grad student on a tiny stipend and I can't...) They seem to have a cheaper "normal person breakfast" option (eggs and whatnot) but the sign says it is only served during the weekend...or not? I can't tell...and it's not the friendliest of staff so I have not asked...It's cafeteria style, which, again, is not my thing. So, say you order a soup. You will be carrying that. But if you order a breakfast, someone will bring it to you. But it's always a fun surprise who is going to be transporting the food. (If I'm hungry, I do not want to be surprised. I want food.) And the thing is, if you're providing top local ingredients, along with a price tag, dude, bring out the food. Even if it's soup. Bring the food. I will tip you, I'm fine with that.Having said that, I ADORE the atmosphere. Big windows and lots of unfinished wood. Plenty of seating.What I would recommend is that you come here around 2pm on a weekday, when there aren't that many folks around, grab a coffee and a super delicious slice of cake (they have major cake) and chill out for a bit. Bring a book, bring a friend. But definitely make sure that you're here in the off hours when you don't feel like you're bouncing around pinball style.
3	The sandwich I picked up was dope! Crispy bacon, delicate eggs, flaky croissant... It was perfect. On to the ordering process... That left a lot to be desired... I'm not the first person to complain about the lack of clear directions and whatever assumptions you make are almost certainly guaranteed to be wrong, so keep that in mind. Food gets a high 5. The service is alright. The atmosphere is airy, open, clean. Just know what you want before you get in line, and then whilst tucking your tail between your legs, ask them if you get it at the counter, or if they will be bringing it out to your table.Bon appetite!
