3	Taberna and Ninfa's are owned by the same restaurant group out of Houston.  Is it a coincidence that the FTR for Taberna is by someone who has only reviewed both of these spots and gave each five stars?  I think not.Here's my objective review:Taberna is in the Scottsdale Seville where Roy's used to be.  They have a large outside patio that will be great when the weather is nice.I ate lunch at the bar and enjoyed chatting with the friendly bartender.  The menu is upscale Mexican food.  I liked the basket of chips they brought out to start.  It came mixed with chips and plantains and two nice salsas.I also ordered the al carbon steak enchiladas.  They were good and spicy served with what I believe was a mole sauce.Overall the quality of the food was good but a little expensive.  I would come back, but it's not at the top of my list.
4	Four of us went there for dinner on 11/29/10.  It is newly opened and the atmosphere is elegant and spacious.  The menu runs closer to Southwest/Mexican rather than Mexican/American.  Among us we had the pork tamale, the chicken & mushroom quesadilla, the guacamole, the chicken enchilada, fish tacos, Yucatan pork stew and sopapillas.  Service started with the margaritas and a basket of yellow corn, black corn, yucca, and plantain chips with two salsas.  Everything was excellent, but the real standouts were the guacamole and the Margarita de Taberna.  We'll surely go back.  Our only reservations were that the menu could have been larger, and the waiter over-reacted when two of the diners expressed an aversion to cilantro.  Instead of bringing a cilantro-based sauce on the side, he skipped the sauce entirely on the tacos and tamale.
2	Well last week I heard about this place on the radio.  What stuck in my mind was homemade tortillas and upscale Mexican.  My husband and I were down the street and it was one of those nights where we were ready to go somewhere new.  As mentioned it is where Roy's was at the Seville.  The decor is okay.  My husband said he thought it looked like they ran out of money.  I am okay with it, it is just bizarre where the hostess desk is but really I don't know that it could be situated anywhere else.We sat outside and I was thrilled with the high above heaters although my husband thought it was too hot.  There were a couple of other tables on the patio and then inside there was one huge table which we were informed were media checking the place out.Our server was very good, he seemed to be working hard on learning the menu and was well versed in his descriptions of the menu.  Realist that I am I know my husband agreed to this new journey as he was craving a good Reposado which is about the only alcohol we don't stock at home.   The server said they had so many tequilas and most we wouldn't know the names of.  He brought over the list and my husband had a hard time controlling his sadness at the list.  For dinner I ended up getting the tortilla soup, garlic shrimp, and poblano potatoes.  My husband got the special which was Alaskan Halibut with a cauliflower puree, asparagus and mixed peppers.I think the biggest issue was temperature control.  I sent my potatoes back as they were plum cold, my soup was lukewarm and my husband's fish way overcooked.  Heated up the potatoes were good, the soup was nice and the shrimp tasty.  I thought my husband's fish had a good flavor despite the cooking.  The temperature issues can be worked out and perhaps there could be more forgiveness as it is a new place, but there was nothing about the food that stood out that would bring us back and for the price that means the  "Meh.  I've experienced better" is the perfect rating.
5	Wow! Great food. My wife and I went for lunch today and were very pleased with the meal. The strong but delicate flavor profiles were evident that the chef here know what (s)he is doing. First off, they deliver a basket of chips with home made dark chips, but wait...there's also fresh plantain chips. It  was delivered with an awesome chili flavored salsa, as well as, a borderline spicy tomatillo sauce. Both tasted great. I had the beef tacos of lunch. There were 3 on the plate and they are a bit on the diminutive side, but boy they pack a flavor punch. If I recall correctly, the meat was filet mignon and the sauce it was in was out of this world. It was also topped off with a smoked flavor chili pepper mayo and a fresh grilled green onion in the middle. I could eat 10 of those. My wife had the pork enchiladas. She begrudgingly gave me a single bite to taste as they were so good she didn't want to give em up. And I tasted why as they too were awesome. The stewed pork was very flavorful, and the sauces melded perfectly with flavorOh yea! Try the Sangria...it was so spectacular. Served up by the bartender Elitza. Later i watched her make a house margarita all from scratch with fresh juices and wish I had ordered one of those too. She said their margs are all hand crafted with freshly squeezed juices. She also showed us a happy hour menu that was killer and sure to bring us back in...especially for one of those margs at half price. Two thumbs up for this new joint!!
2	I tried Taberna for the first time last night.  I live basically across the street and had driven by many times since it opened.  I was not that impressed.  The major highlight was the patio.  It's large and comfortable, with plenty of heaters.  The food was good, but not great; the portions are small and certainly not worth the price.  I tried the fish tacos, steak tacos, and chicken enchilladas.  The fish tacos and steak tacos were great.  The enchilladas were soggy, mushy, and although they claimed to be chicken, I couldn't find much in the dish.  The beans and rice served with each dish were bland.  The same goes for the salsas.  A little seasoning would have gone a long way.While waiting for our food, we tried the margaritas, which were good, but not worth $8.50 a piece.I'll probably give Taberna another try in the future.  I like their menu and the ambience of the restaurant.  I think if they improve the food, if only with a little bit of salt, this place could be really great.
5	We were on our way to lunch to another restaurant when we noticed the banner about TM. My husband could eat mexican food seven days a week, so we decided to give it a try.  They opened at the beginning of November, so they still have Alex Padilla as their Executive Chef.  We were so happy we had the opportunity to meet him and talk to him for a few minutes.  This place has been completely remodeled, I didn't even realize until a few minutes later that this is where Roy's used to be.  I loved the decor, simple, classy.  The decorative doors are really cool.  We started with a couple of margaritas.  My husband had the Taberna and I had the classic.  They were both excellent.  I was not very hungry so I decided to have the Jicama salad.  It was not only beautiful but also delicious and refreshing.  Loved the texture combination.  My husband had the tortilla soup, and the beef tacos.  I am not a soup person, but I found myself going back to my husbands soup 4 or 5 times more.  Every bite was a little different, one time some corn another the melted cheese at the bottom.  The presentation is really beautiful, a miniature cast iron pot, with the lid to the side, very clever.  The soup is not the broth base type, maybe that is why I liked it.  I only eat chicken soup when I am sick.  This is more of a tomato base and creamier.  The beef tacos are made with filet mignon, I took a bite and it was delicious.  I thought I was going to be good today, but then we had a couple of desserts in front of us.  I couldn't resist, I loooooove Tres Leches cake, so when I saw it in front of me, I was in love.  It was perfect, the texture, the milky/condensed milk oozing from the soft, spongy cake.  I had more than what I should have.  I will have to go on the treadmill a couple of extra hours this week.  I also had the flan, this is the Mexico City style with cream cheese, which makes it a little denser.  It was truly delicious, but I am still partial to Tres Leches, I think this might be the best one I have had in the past six years.  I'll post some pictures of the dishes we had soon,  they were too pretty not to picture them.I am so happy this place is in Scottsdale,  I love Phoenix and its cuisine, however I have too many friends who are not adventurous enough to stray away from their area.  I will definitely come back sometime soon and enjoy a drink by the fireplace.  Really cool place!
3	I ate at Taberna last night for the first time.  I live down the street and used to love going to Roy's.  The first thing I noticed was the extended patio, I thought it was nice and spacious, but we decided to eat inside.  Once I got inside, nothing really caught my eye.  The Mexican culture is bright and vibrant and right off the bat, every decoration is subdued and muted.  Drink were pretty awesome. My margarita could have been larger, but there was a good amount of tequila in it so I was good with that.  The person I was with ordered this mint and vodka drink and it was CHAMAZING!!  will definitely be getting that one next time.The food could have been better.  I ordered the asado de queso to start and it was nice, the cheese was bland but along with the sauces and the cactus on top it was nice.  The chips were nice, Im a big fan of plantains.  The roasted pepper salsa was meh, the tomatillo salsa was nice, I think it had cilantro and mango in it.For dinner I ordered the scallop and pork belly tacos and the person I was with ordered the carnitas.My tacos apparently were given to someone else, so they brought me out the fish tacos and told me my actual tacos were on their way.  The fish tacos were actually very good. The slaw was actually just shaved veggies, they were kind of bitter but the flavor in general was good.My Scallop and pork belly tacos came out and I dove right in.  Immediately, my glee towards this item change to sadness as I realized the fishiness of the scallop did not marry at all with the pork.  So I ate the scallops separately from the tacos. This changed everything and I enjoyed it.  The Carnitas were actually really good, but it was just weird that instead of coming shredded, it came as a huge fried chunk of pork.  It was tasty and the crispiness was nice.I will have to go back and order different things next time.
5	Wow....Wow...Wow....Wow...Wow....to go along with the 5 stars I am giving this establishment. The wife and I decided to go to this establishment because they had a "half off" on "Everything" and I have to tell you we were not disappointed. The restaurant is located in a wonderful spot...all though it can get crowded pretty quick during dinner time due to the fact that it is located in a shopping center.Everything was first class as soon as we walked through the door. We were immediately seated by a young lady named Sarah...and very shortly after our waiter came to take our drink orders. My wife had the Sangria...and the water I had came with a slice of cucumber in it...which i thought was a nice touch. I had the chicken and mushroom Quesadilla's, and my wife had the 1 lb Ribeye steak with perhaps the best potatoes topped with Mexican cheese that i have ever had.Now dessert was a real treat....because we had the Pan De Tres Leches...which is a Mexican sponge cake with 3 milks poured over it with a warm Marshmalllow cream topping on top . When I took my first bite....I was speechless...and for those who really know me....that is a rare event to say the least....but it was that good people. The hostess and manger were very engaging....always checking on us and asking how everything was.Now be advised this is about as close to "Authentic" Mexican food I have had since I left Chicago....and trust me that is saying something since I am not a huge fan of Mexican food. So if your a Taco Bell fan...or love Chipotle....don't think your going to get that kind of food here. The food, service and atmosphere were simple outstanding.....I mean the restaurant is about as beautiful and immaculate as any establishment I have "EVER" visited.Now remember at the beginning of this review i mentioned the "Half off everything" well i saved the best for last. The wonderful meal i just described to you would have normally cost me about 65 bucks...I only ended up paying 43 bucks and that included a very generous tip for the waiter because he did such a great job. I think that will just about do it....but remember if you looking for some great food....great service...and great atmosphere....look no further than Taberna Mexicana and I promise you won't be disappointed. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	As a treat my husband took me to Taberna for a Christmas weekend night out.  Walking through the door the colors were warm and inviting, there was someone who came to seat us right away. They asked several times if we had a reservation, we did not.  Any size group can dine here, inside or out, great tables, chairs even sofas to sit with friends and have a drink and a small plate. They provide complimentary chips and salsa. I had the Carne Asada Rib Eye and he had the Chicken and mushroom quesadilla. We shared the plablano potatoes and I enjoyed their lusious sangria. Topping it all of with the tres leches cake,with a nice flambe marshmallow topping; the cake sealed the deal we will be back.
5	Excellent food and amazing service, I'm going to be regular
5	Great atmosphere, very good service and unique and flavorful food.
3	Food: 3.5Service 2.5-3.0Pretty good food overall:  tuna ceviche was light and fresh, blue corn and plaintain chips were good when served fresh, (otherwise the stale were inedible), steak tacos with handmade tortillas were pretty good, and the cochinita pibil was tender.  Service was friendly, however, severely inexperienced or lacking communication between the FOH and BOH.  Experienced long waits even for drinks and forgetful orders.Other notables:  prices are fairly high, great patio, relaxing dining area, and nicely designed bathrooms
4	Went at 2pm so no problem at all with service or seating.  Our waitress, Jen, was exactly what you want when visiting a new place, very knowledable about the dishes and extremely friendly.  Plaintain chips were delicious and my friends seemed to like the cerviche.  My steak tacos were delicious.  The only problem was I could have eaten about 9 of those extremely  little devils which would have come to $36. Prices are high here but, the place is impeccably appointed, very comfortable and food seems great.
4	Today I hosted a fiesta in my mouth with the cuisine at Taberna. And it's a fiesta that I wish could have continued on forever! Taberna has certainly sizzled their way into the Valley and all it takes is one taste of their food to know why. With so much anticipation and excitement to try out Taberna, I rejoiced when it turned out to be everything I expected plus a bag (or bowl) of fabulous chips! So let me start with the chips. They serve plantain chips, yes plantain chips! They also serve crispy blue tortilla chips. The salsa is spot on and they provide a green and red salsa upon arrival. I ate my way through the meal by starting with the Tortilla soup. Holy Moly I love this soup. I could probably eat this soup all day every day and be happy. It's a cream-based tortilla soup oozing with cheese, avocado and other Mexican spices. It's warm and spicy and delicious with every slurp. And yes, I was slurping it was so good. I couldn't get enough of the presentation either. It comes in a dainty little black kettle topped with even a lid! For my entree, I heard the steak tacos were to-die-for so I went that route. Verdict? Yes, yes they are to-die-for! They are mini but filling and they are fresh topped with tasty sauces. So until next time Taberna ... and trust me, there will be many, many, many more next times!
4	I knew Taberna Mexicana didn't open that long ago so I was REALLY surprised to see how busy it was! Granted, we were there on a Friday night around 8 p.m. but given how new it is, it was still a bit shocking. The place had a great vibe! People everywhere (without being too packed) and there also was a nice mix of guests - older, younger, families, couples, friends. I always appreciate that in a restaurant. Also, I loved the decor. The colorful doors spaced throughout the area were really a great focal point. I almost wanted to snap a photo and tell all my friends it was from some exotic country. ;)One thing that I REALLY want to give props on is their service. From the minute we entered, we encountered smiling, genuine faces. The hostess was very sweet and helpful, the manager was fantastic, and our server, James, was extremely knowledgeable, friendly and quick. Even the owner and Chef Alex Padilla came out to say hi! Chef Alex was really great. You could tell he was very passionate about his food, but also a little shy, which can sometimes be refreshing for a culinary genius.And culinary genius he is! We learned that Chef Alex spent some time working with James Beard Award Winner Nancy Oakes at the famed San Francisco eatery, Boulevard. So, I guess it shouldn't be too surprising that the food at Taberna really is fresh, innovative and delicious. We got:StartersI was bummed to hear they were out of the scallop ceviche (especially since it has the words "truffle salt" in the description) so we went for our second choice, shrimp and halibut. It was okay. The citrus marinade was done well - fresh, crisp and flavorful, but I thought the shrimp was just a little too rubbery. I'm by no means a professional "foodie", though so maybe I was just still dreaming about the passion fruit that comes with the scallops!HOLY GUACAMOLE was the guac good at this place. It's made to order and I was probably a little too excited about the pumpkin seeds that came in it. (I had to snap a photo and post to Twitter!). The queso that comes in there, too, just really makes it a treat. Just the right amount of kick, too. And speaking of kick, I loved the salsa and chips that they bring to every table. Plantain chips! 'Nuff said.MainsI had come off a week of an all-veggie and fruit diet so I was craving some protein. Because of that, I opted for the carnitas. At first I thought the price seemed a little high for carnitas (I'm used to the hole-in-the-wall Mexican places around PHX) but once it came out, I understood why. The  carnitas at Taberna are done in the traditional sense: They bring out the whole slow-roasted pork shoulder so you can build your own mini tacos. I still can't get the Guajillo pepper sauce off my mind and the pickled vegetables on the side really round out the spices. The portion was so big that my boyfriend and I probably could have shared just this dish.BUT I am glad we didn't because he got the pumpkin seed crusted scallops and oh man, were we happy he did. There was such an interesting mix of flavors and textures between the scallops, corn puree and Huitlacoche roasted garlic sauce. We had to ask what Huitlacoche was and apparently, it is actually a fungus that grows on corn and is often used in Latin America for culinary purposes. When I just looked it up on Wikipedia, they called it "corn smut." Call it whatever you want, I'll call it delicious. The dish sounds intense, but all of the flavors actually worked really well together and the scallops were cooked just right.Another thing you can't miss is the flan for dessert. I know, I know. I'm not usually a flan fan (say that 10 times fast) but theirs has the texture and taste of cheesecake. Yeah. Think about it. Also, for drinks we had the Jalisco Attitude with a combo of tequila, lime, cilantro and jalapeno. It had a nice kick to it with a smooth finish. We loved it!All of our choices were guided by the ever-awesome James and we're happy that we took his recommendations! We will be back to Taberna.
4	Went back to Taberna for dinner and had a much better experience.  It was cold outside so instead of sitting outside on their patio (partially enclosed) we opted to sit in their cozy dining room.  It's well-decorated and well-designed with combination of booths and tables of different southwest styles.  Only thing missing was a nice mariachi band.We started off with sangria, the 'aztec affection' cocktail, and draught beer - all pretty good.  I was looking forward to the house-made chips and salsas and they were fresh this time.  Before we knew it we had cleared the basked and we had to ask them not to bring back anymore - too dangerous...Also, remembered the standout tuna ceviche and the shrimp/halibut combination one as well.  Had to replace the shrimp with scallops but actually thought we lucked out as it meshed well with the jalepeno/citrus marinade.  The fried puffs that accompanied the ceviches were unique and helped to satisfy the texture of the dish.  We were off to a good start!We all shared the fish special (salmon served fajita style), fish tacos, and some spicy jumbo or tiger shrimp (camarones) all served with black beans and rice and the handmade tortillas.  Despite being full we ordered the sopapillas with vanilla gelato to finish our meal.  Presentation-wise it was beautifully presented, however, didn't deliver on the taste front.  It didn't look like the dish as shown in the picture posted with the flan and tres leches as the dough was overly fried and there was  no pillow-like fluffiness to it at all.  The vanilla gelato was also bland and had no hint of vanilla, but we liked the hibiscus foam syrup as an accent.Overall, the service was friendly, the food good, and the atmosphere enjoyable.
4	I had read the positive reviews of Taberna, and decided I would treat my son's family, which included an 8 month old baby.  We carefully plotted  the time so she would be at her best, and off we went. We were immediately seated, water and chips were brought to our table with a green and red sauce. So far, so good.  And then we waited, and waited, and waited.  We finished all of the chips and salsa, and finally decided to check with the hostess and see if there was a waiter available.(The delay was good - it gave us ample opportunity to explore the restaurant - and it was very impressive. Several dining areas, a seating area with couches, a bar, and a large patio for warm summer evenings.)Several minutes later a waiter finally appeared, and apologized - apparently there was a large party of twenty or so, and they had forgotten to tell the waiter we were there.The menu is small, but has a variety of options.  All of them looked delicious, so we all tried something different. I had the steak tacos, my son had the fish tacos, and my daughter in law had the chicken enchilada.  All were wonderful, but everyone thought the enchilada was the best. The guacamole was different - it had pumpkin seeds in it - but delicious. And the flan was equally outstanding.We really liked the chips and plantain - and the salsas were excellent.  We did manage to eat several baskets of the chips, and all agreed that they were great.The waiter, hostess and manager went out of their way to make everything right for the delay.  Usually I am not bothered by slow service, but with an eight month old baby, we were anxious to order so we could finish before she became restless and irritable.  So once we had a waiter, we were fine.  But they insisted that they would make it up to us - giving us free drinks, free appetizer and a free desert.  Andrew, our waiter was superb, and made the meal very enjoyable.When we go back, we will definitely ask to be seated in Andrew's section.So after a bad start, a very enjoyable meal.
3	Well, what to say about Taberna...  I gave them another shot after not being impressed the first time I was there.  I first went right after they opened and had hoped they'd gotten it together since then.  First, the highlights, our server was excellent; personable and attentive, and my dinner was delicious.  I had the carnitas, which was slow roasted and then flash fried, so it had a great crunchy texture on the outside and was juicy and delicious on the inside.  Absolutely spot on.  The carnitas was, however, my 3rd choice, as they were out of the first two things that I wanted.  Not impressive for a Friday night when a restaurant should be on it's 'A' game. I was also served a dirty plate; that's a rookie mistake.  The restaurant did make up for it, though, with free guacamole and a round of drinks.  A free margarita is enough to make me happy.  If Taberna continues to work out the kinks with their menu (and has all their dishes available), this could be a place that I'd be happy to go to all the time.
4	I will be very brief.......the food is fantastic,!!!!!The service is hard to figure out though. Lots of staff but we were constantly looking for our waiter, the water guy, the plate remover guy. All seemed to be on break simultaneously. I strongly recommend eating at the bar until they get the staff better trained.
4	FOOD:  Delicious and uses traditional ingredients in a tasty, unique way.  The layered chicken enchilada and filet mignon tacos are my recommendation! The $34 Carne Asada seems a bit pricey -- the filet mignon tacos at $15 seem a better value.AMBIANCE:  Beautiful! Can't wait to come back with friends and sit on the patio with libations & food.SERVICE:  Need training - our waiter who took our order said rice was an additional charge then the server who brought out the food said it was included (we had ordered at side of rice and then both our plates already had rice!  However, to their credit, they waived the addtional charge for the side of rice - so, we'll be back).
2	What a disappointment lunch was here today.  The menu was scaled way down from what appears on the internet.  They have added "sandwiches" that don't have any kind of relationship to Mexico.  We had hoped to have jicama and grapefruit salad or cochinita pibil but had to settle for a cochinta pibil "sandwich" (torta).  It was good, but not taking us back to any Mexican roots.  When we eat at Poca Cosa in Tucscon, the same modern South American food prevails, but for example, it is sauced with moles that remind one of where it came from.  Taberna fell short of the mark.  Our server was a vegetarian who could not impart any information about the dishes.  Why would a restaurant that serves meat entrees employ vegetarians?  This restaurant got a mild review in the Phoenix magazine and 5 stars from the blogger for LocalDines which was not deserved at lunch anyway.  The house margaritas at Canteen Modern Tequila Bar in Tempe which are $3.25 during Happy Hour are way better than the $9 margaritas we had at Taberna.
5	First thing to know -- this is Central Mexico cuisine like you will find in upscale restaurants in Mexico City. It is not Tex-Mex (gracias a Dios).  I lived in Mexico City for five years and still travel there on business, it is one of the most cultured dining cities I've experienced.  The authentic Mexico litmus test --- the most basic margaritas are made with fresh lime juice and high quality 100% blue agave tequila, not sweet and sour mix and nasty Cuervo like many places. Taberna serves a damn fine margarita cocktail -- ask for it served up like a martini or on the rocks. Flavorful green and chile pasillo salsas with just enough bite accompany the an unique assortment of chips. I ordered the carnitas, which were perfectly prepared with a crisp texture outside and tender inside.  Carnitas are a simple dish, but hard to get right with this ideal combo of textures. Mi esposa had the scallops, a more sophisticated dish, and they delivered.  Taberna makes my short list of Best Mexican of the Valley along with Gallo Blanco, Los Somberos, and Barrio Cafe. I keep wavering between 4 and 5 stars, they did everything right in my first visit, have to give it a 5.
5	I'm in Scottsdale for flight training and wanted to avoid the many chain restaurants, so on the Yelp I went.  Taberna Mexicana was a GREAT find!  Tucked away in a shopping mall which looks abandoned after dark (no so nice), the food and attentive service were a surprise and delight.  The Taberna Margaurita was delicious, the guacamole and spicy salsa fantastic and Yucatan pork stew delicious.  Coming back before I head home...wish they were in SoCal...
4	Taberna is in the complex right next to my office, so my boyfriend & I decided to try it today on our lunch breaks. First plus: plantain & yuca chips. I lived in Costa Rica for awhile & plantains & yuca were like special treats there (I was living on a small island with no food except for what we found or boated in, doing volunteer work...we celebrated simple things like that!). Totally brought me back.  Two salsas served with it - one spicy & one a little sweeter. I loved/hated it...filled me up before my meal because it was so delicious!I ordered the fish tacos. Three small grilled fish tacos with a chipotle sauce & citrus cabbage. They were some of the best fish tacos I've had (in AZ at least). Boyfriend got some steak enchiladas. I didn't try them because I don't eat red meat, but he downed them. Both entrees were served with their Mexican rice & spicy black beans. Really, really great. Not all entrees come with rice & beans...so if you go, definitely make sure to get them!Being a lunch break, we didn't get drinks, but their margaritas looked delicious. I'll have to revisit them after work one of these days for that. They serve a cucumber slice in their water...I love that. Such a simple touch.Service was great...but there were literally only five other tables, so who knows how it is when it gets busy.  I guess my only complaint with our server would be that she failed to refill my water, although she offered a refill on the boy's cherry coke like 9 times. Their patio is great for the weather right now...I'll definitely be back there with a marg in hand!All in all...YUM (but I am way too full)!UPDATE:  they closed!  "due to the economy" says the sign on the door.
5	I would like to give this 4 1/2 stars, not quite a 5, but really some of the best food we have had in AZ.  The food was spicy and well flavored.  The ingredients very high quality and fresh.  The guac was chopped not mashed, great texture.  There was no mashed beans or puke looking typical Mexican preparations.  Everything was lovely.  The Margaritas were the best I have had here, they do not use that revolting sweet and sour mix, instead they use agave nectar.  Service a bit wonky but we still had a great time.
5	This place is excellent!  The patio was great to enjoy a delicious lunch, our server was incredible and the food was fantastic!  The guacamole was tasty, the agua frescas were refreshing, and the entrees were delicious!
5	Wow and more Wow. This place was a quick pick for lunch for me and I was totally surprised.The food prep and quality was amazing.Tthe Pork Carnitas for lunch were plenty.Great flavor, great sauces, great chips, great service.I WILL return!
5	My girl and I found a groupon so we figured it was next on the list.First thing when I walked in I was amazed at the big outside patio and how classy the place looked.  Had shrimp cooked in a garlic butter and I think it was the most perfect piece of shrimp I have EVER had.  I cant wait to get it again.Had a Guac salad that is as Good as Sombreros ,which I think is as good and fresh as can get.  The green salsa they had I also found to be unlike any other I have had.  Service was great.  No complaints at all. As a matter of fact, I question how this place could ever get a 1 star.  I mean.. ok it is all an opinion.. but decor alone makes this place at least get 1 and half stars and the food even if it was mediocre would get it up to 2 stars.  Oh well.. Opinions are like ASSHOLES.  (I love that saying!)The waitress explained that everything on the menu is cooked fresh to order and made on command, and nothing is kept ready for quick use.  I tasted it in the food. Loved it, cant wait to get some more of it!
4	We had a groupon for Taberna and decided on a whim to use it last night. I was really craving a good margarita. I didn't know what to expect since the reviews were mixed but I was pleased for the most part.When we got there on a busy Friday night, there was a 15 minute wait. So we got a couple drinks at the bar. The female bartender wasn't the warm and fuzzy type, but she did make some killer margaritas. My husband had their specialty margarita, served up. It was sooo smooth and delicious and definitely tasted premium. I had a cilantro/jalapeno margarita. It was very good but didn't have as much of the cilantro and  jalapeno flavor that I was expecting. Both margaritas packed a good punch. We were pleasantly buzzed by the time our table was ready. Although they were a bit pricy I would much rather spend $9 on an excellent margarita then $5 on a watered down, crappy one.Our service started out good. The chips and salsa were very good. The plantains and yucca chips were a unique and tasty touch. After taking our order, our server asked if we want some guacomole along with our chips. We politely declined and I detected a bit of an eyebrow raise from our server. After returning to bring us straws for our water, I placed an order for a glass of sangria and also let her know that we had a groupon. Although the change in her behavior wasn't drastic it was definitely there. We were then often forgotten the rest of the night. We waited about a full 10 minutes for water refills. And my sangria took about 20 minutes. She apologized to me saying that my order was placed last in the big drink order. Whatever. The food was very good. Portion sizes much smaller than what I'm used too with Mexican food. However, if you imagine most of the entrees as small plates and order a few sides or appetizers, it will be more than enough. I ordered the chili relleno with a side of the poblano potatoes. (Most entrees don't come with sides of anything- another downside.) The chili relleno was stuffed with veggies and cheese. It was much lighter than the cheesy battered rellenos I'm used to. But it was very good. The poblano potatoes were SUBLIME. Everyone must try them! My husband ordered the scallop and pork belly tacos. He was a little thrown off by the size (four bite size tacos) but luckily tacos come with rice and beans. He thought they were very good. Overall we thought the food was very good. A modern twist on Mexican. However we were disappointed by the service. This has happened before to us with Groupons. I think servers feel that just because we have a Groupon we will be cheap, when we actually tip 25% on average. In fact, when the server brought us our bill she said "Congratulations!" because it was under $1 with our Groupon. Maybe she was just trying to be funny but I wasn't amused. But we still gave her a damn good tip on the original bill, well over 20%.
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant. The ambiance and decor were beautiful. I felt like I was in a town in Mexico. I loved all the ornate doors hanging throughout the place.I started out with their sangria which was fruity and delicious. Next was my entree Cuente en Costrade Mole (Filet mignon with chipotle mayo) was full of so many flavors that made my stomach happy.The desserts were quite memorable. Order the flan (pastel de crema de queso) and you will not be disappointed. We also ordered the Pan de Tres Leches and it was also a big hit at the table.
5	I came here on a Sunday for lunch with the bf and thought this place was awesome, especially since the reason I came here was due to a travelzoo coupon, $20 for 2 ppl; 2 aguas frescas, 2 entree's, and a dessert. Love that this place gives free chips and dip, not to mention how yummy the (i think) banana or could be plantain chips were w/ the mango salsa. DRINKS: I got a beer and was upset that they didn't have anything on draft and the only bottles beer that I ordered was out, so I had to settle for something else. I think they could have stocked this place better, but then again, it was a Sunday lunch day... perhaps they were in the process of ordering more. With our voiuchers we each ordered a aguas frescas, I thought the sweeter pineapple definitely triumphed the orange, but both were really good. The orange was a bit more watery.  ENTREE'S: First entree was the Teberna's steak tacos, which I thought the meat was cooked to perfection and the flour tortilla was delish. However, I didn't care for the rice and beans too much. The second entree, the shrimp salad had large meaty shrimps that were juicy and grilled w/ a yummy seasoning. the sald part, could have used more dressing or a dressing with more flavor. DESSERT: We shared the flan. To be honest, I'm not a big fan of flan to begin with, but I can definitely eat a nice soft flan, so that was what I was hoping for. Instead, this flan, definitely tasted of flan but had more of a cheescake texture, thick and creamy. It was good, but even with both of us sharing it, we weren't even able to finish this rich dessert.  All in all, I give this place a 4-star for food, but with my coupon have bumped them up to a 5-star. How can you beat all that for $20?
3	Hmmmm, what is a Yelper to do on this one? Very mixed experience. Bullet points to the rescue: The Good: -Nice server and prompt service -Good ambiance -Great patio -2 of 4 meals were excellent The Bad: -Sub-par carnitas--overcooked, cold, and no flavor to top it off -Bad fish tacos--cold and not much going on The Ugly: -Plumbing issues in the bathroom. The majority of the sinks (and apparently toilets in the ladies room) were backed up. Not necessarily the restaurant's fault, but a little worrisome as it makes you wonder whats going on in the kitchen. So anyways, mixed bag, nice folks, nice patio, I'll just average out the experience to 3 stars.
3	The use of pepitas works for me, since they are one of my favorites, but over all I thought it was over priced and all too typical of Scottsdale.  I miss Roy's!
4	Taberna really impressed me! We went on a nice evening and sat outside on their beautiful patio. The patio definitely has more ambiance than the inside (though the inside is nicely decorated). We were immediately brought a gigantic bowl of plaintain chips, yucca, chips, blue corn tortilla chips, and thick-cut tortilla chips with two different types of salsa. I really appreciate a Mexican restaurant that gives their patrons chips and salsa and high quality too! My boyfriend said that his margarita was as good as the best margarita he's had in Mexico (quite a compliment from him). I had the michelada (a slight obsession of mine after sipping them poolside in Mexico last year), which involved beer, lime, siracha, and their "secret ingredient". It had a decent kick and was very good. We shared the Tres Picaditas for an appetizer. They're served on masa boats (basically very small, thick tortillas) and topped with braised pork, cheese, onion, and avocado. There were three of them and they were great bites, but they were exactly that: bites. Each one could be finished in one or two bites and at $10, not sure if I'd get it again. Now for the shining star: the Filet Mignon Tacos. I loved these! Great flavor, tender meat. The three tacos were served with a generous serving of black beans and rice (which I couldn't really eat after gorging on chips and salsa). My boyfriend had the scallop and pork belly tacos. The tacos are definitely heavier on the pork belly, with a thin slice of scallop on top. They had a nice, light flavor to them... a summery taco, if there is such a thing. Go sit outside and enjoy a drink and dinner on the patio before the sweltering summer sets in. You'll enjoy it!
5	Came here with my husband for the first time the other night for dinner and it was delicious!  The waitstaff was also very attentive, helpful with menu suggestions, and friendly!  We had the pork tamales for an appetizer, I had the pork loin entree and my husband had the steak tacos!  Magnificent!!
3	The only reason I ended up here was because I was hoping to go to Roy's for some ono.But, OH, NO! Roy's is gone and Taberna is now in its place (note for those who use google maps).I liked the chips and salsa, which were plantain, blue corn and yucca chips with green & red salsa. I also liked the sangria. I thought the grilled shrimp salad was amazing.I didn't like that the salad was $16. Knock it down to twelve bucks for my 5 shrimp and greens and bacon and it's more reasonable.(it was a damn good salad, and there was a lot of it, but I can't justify $16 for a salad with 5 medium sized shrimp on it)
4	$10 guacamole but WOW ITS WORTH IT!!!Love that you do not ge the standard chips with salsa...instead you get deep fried plantains!!! amazing! takes the burn off the delicious house salsa. Service is great. comfortable seating with lots of room. great colors and natural light! Plenty of seats outside and in. Anything you order here will be nothing less than amazing! along with the service and experience
5	The menu is very creative and the staff are very nice. It is a beautiful restaurant and the atmosphere is great outside. This place is not very busy yet and hopefully it will catch on and fill up soon.
4	This place made a Happy in my Tummy.   Hubs picked this spot as he read about it in Phoenix Magazine.  Great Location.  Outstanding Service.  Wonderful Ambiance (sat outside).  Absolute YUM for the variety of chips and 2 salsas to start. Hubs ordered the Carnitas (spicy pork $18) which was rich and delish...even as leftovers.  I had the Enchilada Del Mar (seafood enchilada $16) which had loads of crab and shrimp inside and out.  I asked for some type of spicy sauce to go with and the on-par waiter brought out habanero sauce that was flavorful while being mouth burning worthy (loves me some spice).Mom was daring and went for the Callos De Acha y Pepitas (pumpkin crusted scallops).  WONDERFUL!!  Not for the average eater though ...have an open mind with this dish.  The huitlacoche (aka corn smut) was a tasteful preparation resembling mushrooms. (Senor Bourdain and Senor Zimmern would go for this).  The scallops were perfectly prepared and not ruined by over cooking and crusting with the pumpkin seeds.  The whole dish tasted mellow- yet earthy.  I will order this next time so I can have it all to myself. The kid had the Mac and cheese...Best Mac I have ever tasted.  This is a good place to take well-mannered children.  (They have a great kids menu and kids cups.)
3	My wife and I tried this place a few days ago for dinner Local Dines gift cert in hand ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  I was uber excited to eat here because I love Mexican type food and their menu looked fantastic.I absolutely loved the decor inside but since the patio looked great and the weather was perfect, we sat outside.  Their patio is perfectly chill and great for people watching.Our service was kinda blah and was as if our waiter didn't really give a sh*t.  He wasn't bad or unfriendly though.  Just blah.The margarita, sangria and cheviche were ok but not memorable.This "chips" and salsa they give you to start are very unique.  They are  fried plantains and some other stuff which were very unique but I really didn't care for them.  I prefer plain old chips with my salsa.  Both the salsas were very good and one of them had a nice kick to it.The guacamole was unique as well.  Needed more chips and needed some spice to give it more taste or something.  I think they tried to get too fancy with it.  Was worth a try though but I wouldn't get it again.The highlight of my meal was the chile relleno.  It wasn't fried or battered in anything.  It has a great kick to it and was filled with great stuff.  I wasn't sure I was going to like that it was filled with veggies but it was simply fantastic.  I would return just for that.
4	With so many mexican and modern mexican restaurants in the valley, one wonders how a new addition to the fold can raise the bar.  I feel that Taberna does just that.  With chef Alex Padilla's modern spin on Mexican with central americal influences, food that is artfully prepared and plated, and flavors to entice and enhance, this is one destination for your tastebuds.The cocktails and even non-alcoholic offerings are made fresh, and are a sweet way to begin the culinary fiesta.  The "Sangria de Taberna" was excellent, served with fresh fruit and just the right combination of wine, brandy, and juice.  All margaritas are hand crafted and feature freshly squeezed juices - a must for a decent margarita.  They have a tremendous assortment of non alcholic offerings as well - fresh pressed juices combined with spring water and simple syrup.  We sampled pineapple, lemon, and watermelon - and each came with a juicy slice of fruit.  These were delicious!As we were here during lunch hour, the menu had a smaller selection, but did not sacrifice on flavor.  In an unconvential move by me, I ordered the Fajita Burger.  This burger was highly recommended by the server, and I am so happy that I sampled this delectable "Torta." ( The spicy black beans with cortija were also an excellent side!)  A well seasoned and juicy skirt steak, with cheeses and peppers, doused in a garlic aoli, left beautiful memories in my mouth.  We also delighted in the Braised Chicken with Ranchera Sauce and Epazote Crema.  Chicken was also juicy and flavorful, the sauce and crema a delicious complement to the chicken.Lunch menu offerings were "Taberna Tacos," street style tacos with ingredients such as grilled fish or chicken and chorizo.  Enchiladas and grilled sandwhiches were also on the menu.Average price for an entree at luch is $12, but the fresh ingredients and flavors are worth the price.From the blue tortilla chips and plantains served with their flavorful salsas, to the flavorful entrees, this is a must try for Mexican food enthusiasts.
4	The service at this place was AweSOME and we loved our waiter.The chips and salsa was very good, a mix of tortilla and plantain chips.  I usually don't like the verde they serve at restaurants but both of the salsas were tasty with a slight kick of spicy.  Never ending!  We got refills..  ~.~The steak tacos were phenomenal.  I'd prefer these over boring steaks any day - they're tacos but deliver great steak flavor.  They had tiny slivers of I think radish or beets that were a great compliment.  The pork carnita enchiladas were great too.Not sure about the agua frescas - the watermelon one tastes like watermelon juice (its really good), the lemon one was very tart.  I liked the watermelon one but you can tell both has a ton of sugar in them.  I chose to drink Coke because it was the healthier option!  Not sure about the dessert options.  We got the bread pudding and it was full of nuts and raisins, carmelized pineapples and a scoop of gelato.  I wasn't a fan...  Maybe next time I'll try one of the other 2 choices..All in all, the prices are high for the portions although the endless chips and salsa and willingness to refill these by staff helps.  (They refill both salsas and chips every time which I thought was excellent).  Taberna Mexicana is definitely my top Mexican restaurant - but will wait to get Groupons, or other deals to dine there again.
4	I bought a groupon for this place because I LOVE mexican food and it was a great deal. We sat on the patio because the weather was so nice. I had a sangria that was just ok. I liked the blue corn chips, but many of them were gross and rubbery due to the amount of  grease. The red salsa was by far the best. We went for the queso asado app and freakin loved it. It was a block of cheese the size of a deck of cards, grilled and topped with what our server said was cactus, but tasted like mild chiles. It came with warm tortillas and was fantastic!For the main course I had chicken enchiladas and my man tried the buffalo ones. Both were pretty darn good. And beans and rice weren't necessary because the enchiladas were stacked, not rolled and it was a good sized portion. I did order a side of veggies and basically dumped them on top of my enchiladas. Corn, zucchini, squash and tomatoes- they really added to my enjoyment of my dish! We were stuffed and couldn't do dessert, but I know we'll be back so I'll get to that next time.
4	I came here tonight with a Groupon with two of my friends.  The Groupon described this place as an upscale Mexican restaurant.  We sat down to an assorted chips variety of banana chips, blue corn tortilla, and regular tortilla chips.  There were 4 different salsas to go with it.  I was impressed with the banana chips thrown into the basket.We ordered chicken enchiladas, vegetarian cheese enchiladas, and grilled fish tacos with rice and beans.  The enchiladas were quite a big portion, but they had unique flavors that I could not figure out.  My dish was the fish taco and it was the best fish taco I have ever had!  It was lightly seasoned with chipotle sauce and lime vinagrette.  It was the perfect size for 1 person.  I think some of their other portions like the enchiladas can be shared, or you will have take home food.The ambiance was very modern and lively.  The service was great.  My only negative that may give this a 4-star instead of 5-star is that the menu is somewhat limited.  I am not a big fan of pork, and many of the dishes I would have ordered would have had something like scallops and pork belly.  I think their chefs are quite talented and should look into a few more dishes.
4	Mexican food and upscale dinning is a combination that sounds simple but somehow it doesn't always get pulled off well. But, unlike most places willing to give the concept a try, Taberna pulls off the middle ground perfectly. Most upscale Mexican restaurants give you a feeling that they are higher priced places that serve Mexican food. Taberna is well decorated and still feels like a Mexican restaurant. The chips and salsa were a perfect start. The blue corn chips were perfectly salted and the fried plantains were a unique touch. The salsas were awesome. The hot had a great kick and the green had a good kick plus a great citrus flavor. My girlfriend and I also split an order of empanada as an app. The braised chicken inside was perfectly cooked. The fish tacos use different fish on different.  Friday night was swordfish! It was cooked and cut just right so that you got the full flavor with every bite. I had the special of the night, which was a french roasted chicken, with a stuffed chilies, asparagus and graton potatoes. The sauce was probably the only thing Mexican about it, but it was still great. Drinks (a margarita and sangria), an appetizer and two entrees came up around 70 dollars. Not bad considering this restaurant ia in an upscale shopping center. Taberna is also on Local Dines (https://www.localdines.com/?ref=19485), so we used a gift certificate to save 15 dollars.
3	Taberna offers a nicely priced happy hour and spacious patio, however, the food items are hit-or-miss.  In my opinion, they would be far better off serving a basket of good quality tortilla chips rather than the mixture of yucca, plantain, and blue corn tortilla chips that they currently do. The chips are excessively greasy and some of the yucca chips were actually tough and chewy rather than crisp. The two salsas have good flavor, but the greasy chips prevent one from wanting to partake in too much of the chips and salsa. The guacamole was average, but would have been much improved with the addition of some peppers to give it a bit of spice.  The tortilla soup is fairly good and has a nice spiciness to it without being overpowering.  The veggie enchiladas also had good flavor, but were quite a bit oilier than I would have preferred and the side of black beans was flavorful, however, the Mexican rice was very bland.All in all, it's a conveniently located place to go for drinks and a nice patio, however, we probably won't make this a regular place for lunch or dinner.
5	Visited this restaurant last week with a groupon special, not expecting their best service since I was using a coupon. I was pleasantly surprised on how great the service was!  Our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly which made for a great happy hour!  Their guacamole is great and their assorted chip basket made everything extra yummy!I'll definitely be returning :)
3	Taberna Mexicana food was pretty good.  One thing that was really good was their guacamole with the plantain chips.... WOW! For my main course, I had the fajita burger.  It was fantastic and juicy.  The service was great, however the prices are a little steep, and when you walk in to the place, it smells a little like they have a sewer problem, which really curbed my appetite.   Hopefully it was a temporary event.  The food was good enough for me to try again, even though the smell was a little overwhelming at the door.  The next time I go in the restaurant, I hope to report a positive experience so I may up my rating.
2	I bought a Groupon and was looking forward to eating at Taberna for the first time with my friends last night. When I tried to make a reservation at Open Table, it said the restaurant was currently unavailable. I tried calling a few times and only got the voicemail. When I visited the website, only information for the Beverly Hills restaurant is listed. I had a feeling they were closed, but couldn't find anything about it online. Finally I showed up around 7 pm and there was a sign on the door that said the restaurant is closed indefinitely due to the economy. I can't really accurately rate the restaurant since I've never been, but I am a bit frustrated that there isn't any information listed on the website about the closure. Perhaps it just happened, but I didn't appreciate wasting my time and being forced to drive out there. Hopefully they open up after the slow summer months, and I can actually review their food!
5	Sorry they closed before their time... They were awesome!
4	After purchasing a groupon a few months back, we decided that we would would go to dinner at Taberna one Saturday night. My husband and I went with my mother. Walking up to the space I loved the outdoor patio that no one was seated at. Yes it was over 100 degrees but the sun was starting to go down and a breeze was blowing and the misters were going. We decided to be the first ones on the patio. It was so pretty. Our waiter comes and takes our drink order. I ordered the fresh fruit margarita, which that days fruit was pink grapefruit, and my husband ordered iced tea. I liked the margarita. It had a good kick to it but not too much alcohol that it knocked me out. It was nice and refreshing with the grapefruit. We also received a basket of chips and salsa. There were two different kinds of salsa and the chip basket looked like there were at least four varieties of chips. I liked the plantain chips the most. Neither of the salsas were spicy which was kind of disappointing. I like spicy salsas. We ordered the guacamole as an appetizer as well and I was also disappointed with this. No spice here either. But it was tasty. I liked the pumpkin seeds with it. For dinner my husband and I both ordered the chile rellano and my mom ordered the vegetarian enchiladas. Our chiles were good. One large chili stuffed with a variety of veggies, roasted with cheese and served with a tomato sauce. I really liked the tomato sauce it was placed on. Very tasty and it had a pretty nice spice to it. I liked that it was different from most chili rellanos and it wasn't coated in eggs and deep fried. A nice change from the ordinary. The enchiladas looked like more of a stacked enchilada with cheese and a variety of veggies. I had a bite of this as well. It was also pretty good. The food was a little bit pricey. Without the $40 groupon we had the total came out to be a little over $60. Which seems expensive for what we got. However, I would come back again because the food was really good. It would end up being more of a special occasion place though. But definitely worth trying again..... Apparently they have closed since I went a couple weeks ago. Sad. They should have tried restructuring their menu and prices first instead of closing. Seems like they just opened too.
