5	Critter Ridder did an excellent job for us on a tough problem.  A squirrel had gotten into one of our interiror walls and died there, causing an awful smell in the house.  We called Critter Ridder and they came out within hours.  They found the squirrel using a tiny video camera attached to a long scope and removed it quickly.  The smell immediately went away.  Critter Ridder then came back out and sealed up the house so that no more rodents could get in the walls.  They were fast, professional and very reasonably priced.  Critter Ridder is a great company.
5	We were lucky enough to have Chad Little come out and get to work.  This isn't a padded review..I don't know these guys.. and don't post a ton of reviews.. in fact this might be my first.  Being from the East coast... I've got this thing about scorpions.  For whatever reason I think of them like burglars... because if you've ever had someone break into your house you'll know that it jacks up your comfort from then on .. for a while.  Same with me and the scorps.  So these guys had a nice web site.. I gave them points for their playful business name...and they seemed to have everything I needed in terms of services.  Chad came out.. for a blacklight service..where they hunt the little jerks with a blacklight... and make them go away.  Scheduled for 8:30 he called me at 7:30 hoping to come and get started on treating the place.  My questions was "won't that scare them all off and not let you catch them all when it DOES get dark"  he answers.. no actually its better this way because the pesticides make them uncomfortable where they lay and even if they weren't in the mood to come out and play, they would be now.  He talked about using 5 different pesticides..time released and from what I know about laying chemicals he did everything right. He found a couple dead scorpions.. a couple of black widows.. and then in the final hour (big property) he found one alive and kept it in a glass collection jar.  He came and showed it to me, like it was no big deal and his body language towards the things taught me that my nervousness about them and around them isn't all that warranted.  He collects them (in a non creepy/nerdy way; thinks their bad ass looking etc)All things said and done, he gave me tonsss of insider trader info on how to keep them away in the future with bug lights, and why and when they'd stick around.  I think a couple hundred bux for peace of mind  and more importantly, being able to view scorpions in a different way.. not as malicious pests but as bad ass little independent creatures just trying to survive, is well well worth it.  Critter Ridders, confirmed a bunch, gave a nice invoice at the time of the service, a digital copy after.  They are excellent and I will be using them for monthly treatments moving forward.
5	I had the unfortunate experience of seeing a rat disappear behind my refrigerator so I started setting traps back there myself.. Over the next few days, I realized I needed professional extermination.  These rats were primarily in my outside laundry room but had worked their way into my kitchen. Gross.  I called a few exterminators and even got a quote from a large local chain. They wanted a small fortune.  So I turned to Yelp for help... That's where I found Critter Ridder. I am so glad I did. Jason came out to the house immediately and looked at what I had done so far and helped me set some traps.  HE DID NOT CHARGE ME FOR HIS VISIT. After a few days of watching - and emptying - the traps, I realized I needed to bring Jason's guys out to the house again to do a smoke test on my pipes and have them professionally seal my home. Jake and his crew came out a few days later, did the smoke test and set some more traps.  They were nice enough to let me check the traps myself, rather than sending their guys out, and gave me a huge discount for taking care of that part of the extermination myself.  After a few weeks of rat catching, the traps remained empty. Then Jake and his guys came out again a sealed up my house so no more rats could get in. I really liked working with this company. They were professional, on time, and did a great job helping me with my infestation.  Everyone from the first visit with Jason, to the subsequent visits from Jake, phone time with Scott or Jennifer was always a pleasant experience. When I got the final invoice along with a two year warranty, I noticed that CR had given me another discount. These guys are GREAT.  I will use them from now on for all my extermination needs.
5	Critter Ridder did a great job in helping us solve a tough problem with roof rats.  The rats initially got into the attic, then a crawl space, and eventually the house.  I set a bunch of traps myself, but the problem wasn't getting solved.  Critter Ridder quickly and accurately diagnosed the problem and found how the rats were getting into the house. They were also very prompt and great to work with.  My significant other said "I've never met anyone who knows so much about rats!"  They placed the traps in the right places and sealed everything up.  It's now been nearly a month with no rats, and we are very happy about that.
5	Had a great experience with Scott and Jason from Critter Ridder. I have had previous problems with rats in both my attics. I heard noises in my bedroom. I called Scott the next day. He sent Jason out to inspect my house. He found no signs of rodent activity. He explaned everything in a easy to understand way. Jason did not charge me for the inspection. As a business owner for over 30 years. I can appreciate Scott and Jasons professionalism. I would definitely recomend Critter Ridder.
5	I was battling rats in my attic since we bought this house, almost 2 years ago. Arcadia is roof rat central in Phoenix, so I was about accept our cohabitants forever. After an unsuccessful attempt from those guys that drive the mouse car (you know who you are), I finally called Critter Ridder. After 10 minutes of the free inspection, they knew what the problem was. The 'other guys' quoted me $1200 with NO guaranty, but Critter Ridder fixed my attic rat problem with one visit, for $200. If you have roof rats in Phoenix, don't call anyone but Critter Ridder.
5	Jason was punctual, extremely knowledgable, and nailed our long standing problem in one visit. Very pleasant and fair to work with. If you have roof rat issues, this is who you want to deal with !
5	Pleasant and knowledgeable. Worked with Scott and Jason.  These people figured out that they can grow the business by being honest, punctual, and efficient.   This is a good find!
5	I wish there were more stars, because Scott and the rest of the Critter Ridder staff are absolutely the best at what they do. I was terrified and repulsed to find what I thought to be 2 small (live) mice in my garage. I set mouse traps and got nothing, and a few days later opened the door from my house to my garage, turned on the light and saw a RAT running over the top of my garage door. I will not even go into the terror I had at seeing that rat and not being able to chase it out the open door. Scott immediately put my mind at some rest- not an easy thing at that point, and assured me that they would come out and handle it.Jason came out with the most enthusiastic "This is gonna be fun!" (!!) attitude and assured me that they would take care of it. Checking my attic and pronouncing it rat-free, and putting traps in my garage as much out of view as possible. There were signs (claw marks) that they had been under the hood of my car, but thankfully no damage, so I opted to park at my curb for the duration. During the process, I had visits (besides Jason) from Tony and Joe, both extremely efficient and friendly. Scott remained in contact with me and I cannot tell you in words how highly I respect and recommend this company. I urge you if you need any kind of pest control- especially rodents- do not look further than Critter Ridders. They are simply THE BEST, hands down. I promise you won't be disappointed!!
5	Do not hesitate to hire this company!  Plain and simple --  you will receive knowledgeable, efficient and honest service.  I was at my wits end with an incredibly SMELLY rat problem in my newly purchased Anthem home. Not only did Jason and Scott handle the situation with ease, they reassured me that the problem could be dealt with in a timely and economically acceptable manner. Thank you to Critter Ridder of AZ.  You guys rock!
1	I'm giving this company a zero, because Scott the guy I spoke on the phone with was a complete zero. I set an appointment on Monday morning for Thursday at  8:30. I received a call at 4:00 on Wednesday afternoon and was informed they were changing my appoint to 11 am-12. My problem property is a rental and I couldn't arrange for later in the day.So Scott just canceled my appointment and told me to find another company. Did I say Scott was very condescending!!!
5	I am updating my review from April 2nd. After my review Scott , the owner reached out to me to make good. He sent Brian out to my rental for an inspection at their cost. I believe Brian was very qualified in his field and I am 100% satisfied with results of his inspection.
5	So I thought I rented the perfect house. A very cute/old farm house in the historical district. Then I discovered the place had roaches/ratts.....Big time, and the land lord wasn't willing to do anything about it. I thought I was gonna have to back out. Then a neighbor recommended Critter Ridder of AZ.  I  now sleep better for it. They were on time, very professional, and half the price I expected to pay. This house is livable again thanks to these guys. No BS, No up selling. Awesome.
2	I have to downgrade my previous rating.  They are largely ineffective.  Have had service with them for six months now.  They come and treat the house, and we still have a growing population of insects.The company still has good customer skills, and behavior.   We bought into all that they have to offer:  spraying, sealing the attic, setting traps.  Somehow, we still have a growing bug presence in the house.  And now, we have a couple of scorpions!! I am going back to the other company.  They weren't as friendly.  But, I lived in the house for a year and never saw a bug with them!
1	Emailed them because we have heard scratching noises in a wall in our house.  They called back, asked for my zip code, then told me that they don't come out for rats.  I asked him how he knew they were rats without looking.  He attempted to make assumptions.  I clarified that they would not come out to look, even though I have seen their trucks in my neighborhood.  He stated that they only come out for gophers.  What an intellectual conversation!
5	A rare fiver.  Jason at CritterRidder owned the rat that was terrorizing my kitchen and bathrooms.  He showed up, inspected everything, told funny stories and said, "all looks pretty good except for - I think - there's one spot over here by the front door they might be getting in".He grabbed a basic spring trap, and placed it in the area that day and didn't charge me a dime.  Totally cool.That evening while watching some tv - WA-POW! - suck on that you rat bastard.Haven't had a problem since.  Word.
