1	$6 for a watery Vodka Cran. Saturday night about 1am there were maybe 30 people there, about half local and half tourist. Maybe it will pick up but I doubt it.The drag queens were nice but by no means real bartenders. The one guy bartender not in drag seemed to good to acknowledge anyone and was on a ipad the whole time.   The bar could barely handle this small crowd and it took forever to get drinks even with lots of open seats at the bar. Parking is pretty easy but you have to enter the garage from 4th St heading north, and then take your ticket up and have it validated. Kind of a pain in the ass but the place is only a elevator ride away from the garage.Might be fun for like someones party or something with the bowling lanes but the vibe was too awkward in there to get a buzz let alone party.
5	Don't listen to this "Prince" person. This bar is amazing. Their official opening night is May 5th, so of course they have a few bugs to work out. Those iPads they're on? That's their payment system, so of course they're going to be on them quite a bit.Went to a wonderful show tonight with Ms. Shannel from RuPaul's Drag Race. We enjoyed ourselves immensely. The service was amazing (Yes it takes a couple minutes to get a drink from the bar...), everyone was friendly, and they were handling the 100 or so of us who were there tonight very well...I'm sure this place will only improve with time.
5	So I had just been thinking that what Neonopolis and East Fremont need is a cool gay establishment to help revitalize the area.  After all, before the gays, West Hollywood was just a grungy area of unincorporated LA county.  Palm Springs? Forgotten movie star playland.  I wonder if Avalon would be cooler if the Santa Catalina Island Company started to promote to gays?Anyway, all these thoughts went through my head and then I saw an ad for Drink and Drag, so I decided to check it out.  Once again, someone beat me to the punch.  First visit was around lunch and they were closed, but the door was open and I found one of the employees telling some tourists what the place was about.  I came back later in the evening, got some drinks (they still let me get the 2-for-1 special even though it was like one minute until it was supposed to be over).  They were all really friendly.  Employees were a mix of drag queens and go-go boys.  By the way, drag queens dancing in the bowling lanes is hilarious.Also, I don't normally go to bars alone, but did in this case.  Found the patrons to be really cool and met a couple of new friends.  So run, don't walk (unless you're in high heels) to Drink and Drag!
4	FABU~LOUS! is the best descriptor of this place. They still have some issues to work out with the taps and the bill can change depending on who rings you up, but these are all easy fixes. Ms. Desarae and Leikia took wonderful care of my friends and I. Make no mistake that when asking for a strong drink, Desarae does not fool around. I left my fate in her hands and she handed me a rainbow sprinkle rimmed adio and bid my ass farewell. There was no sour mix or sprite, just pure alcohol. When her inquiries about how messed up I was did not suit her, she poured more vodka into my glass. One drink from her equals three drinks from anyone else. Starting at 8pm, if one of their designated songs comes on, all the ladies will stop what they are doing and start performing. "These boots are made for walking" came on and the fierceness began. The environment is everybody friendly. The large area in the back for billiards and lounging is more tame. Upfront closer to the bowling alley and bar is where the fun is to be had. The girls pass around and check up on everyone. A live DJ is present throughout the night spinning mixes of popular top 40. It is a fun atmosphere and will only improve with time.
5	MAGIC!!! I've said it once, now to say it again.  Nothing can put a damper on your night like trying to find a place to park...DOWNTOWN!  Luckily, parking at the Neonopolis underground garage provided a safe, sheltered and guarded sanctuary for my lovely little bird of a vehicle.  Usually you will have to pay for parking per hour BUT thank the drags for Validation!  I was there for over three hours and paid nothing!  Just be sure to get your ticket validated before you head out! :)While walking into this fine establishment, I took my seat at the bar with my friends and the party started!  Bowling lanes glowed with neon lights and discoballs.  The dance floor is a good size to be sure to keep the party rocking.  Our bartendress Deserae was ever so fabulous and beautiful!  Never have I felt so comfortable at a bar!  This place is fun fun FUN!  I cannot wait for their grand opening on Cinco de Mayo!  Its going to be Drag-tastic! :)
1	Don't plan on drinking at drink and drag!   It's the slowest bar staff in the city!!!   30 minutes plus just to get a beer and it's not like they are even close to being busy! These bar queens are really a drag!   Just be prepared for a sober night if u go!!!!
4	Sadly, I have to drop a star off for the Pre-Grand Opening party. What the other guy said was true... it was almost impossible to get a drink at first. My bf and I were ignored at the bar for 45 minutes (Desarae wasn't bartending at that point...), while people kept moving to different spots to cut in line. Additionally, I asked a manager to flag the bartender down for us when we had been standing there for 30 minutes... He said "Ok" but then never bothered. I guess the few people in the VIP section were too important to bother with us... (despite the fact that we've been there a few times already)Another problem was the same manager repeatedly putting trays etc. in front of my bf's face at the bar while we were waiting. Very rude.Outside of that, the atmosphere is still fun, and when our bartender did get to us, she realized I had been there only a couple nights before, and took very good care of us until she was off. (Drinks took less than 2 minutes to get after that point...) She also did apologize for the wait before. It's the busiest the place had been up until that point.The last drink we got from the bar, however, was from some tattooed guy, who charged $9 for a tiny glass of Jamieson which was overflowing with ice (literally)... I don't think I'll be ordering any drinks from him in the future. The guy who isn't all tatted up is a much better BT, and will make sure you actually get your money's worth with your drinks. We'll still return, because we love the place, and the drag shows are great... but if we have many problems like the start of the night, we may find somewhere else to go.
4	So far I have been there a few times, music is good lots of things to do. Pool tables, bowling. The bartenders and servers are funny and friendly. A little pricey but a lot of fun. They have an amazing happy hour on sunday!
4	Longtime readers of my writings know that I have a pretty sizable fondness for everything on Fremont Street.  In fact, it's almost as large as my appreciation for the unusual and quirky in general.  So how can any situation be truly critiqued for wanting to check out a place that has "bowling" and "drag queens" brought up in the same sentence?  Thus begins my newest review adventure.These two topics became the point of discussion among some friends and I, and curiosity was far too strong to not see what this was about.   I have to give credit where due: The bowling set-up is nice.  It's only a few lanes, but they are well maintained, and cheap.  Holy crap, are the lanes cheap.  For a late afternoon/early evening jaunt between three people?  $6 for the lanes for 4 hours.  Shoe rentals are an extra $3, but that's one heck of a value.There's also an added bonus: They have these green "Stoli" pins that, if placed as the lead pin and a strike is rolled, you get a free round of drinks for your party.  I guess all those months of Kinect Bowling finally paid off, as I nailed that sucker to the cheers of friends, fellow bowlers, and drag queens alike.  The winning shots?  They're by no means small, or subtle.  And it was shortly after that I noticed my previously good game going straight to Hell.  Even "Granny rolling" it wasn't doing much for my score at this point.  I commented to our hostess that I was getting the feeling that's part of their "master plan" to prevent easy access to more free booze.  I got a far too innocent yet knowing grin and a wink from our hostess in response as she walked away.  Did I mention that they serve Uncrustables as bowling snacks?  Apparently, there are also Moon Pies.The service all around was very nice.  Low key, no pressure, and a very distinct welcoming vibe, no matter what your background is.  Elena, the girl who headed up our bowling needs, was very friendly and attentive, as were the two hostesses who poured drinks for our team that night.  Our drinks were brought to us at the lanes, so I can't really confirm/deny if the overall bar service is generally slow, though it did take a while to get people together when it came time to settle up the bar tab at the end when we finally made our way up there.There also have a video gaming lounge where people can hang with Playstation games on massively huge screens, and a respectable number of pool tables.Also of note, while this bar does allow smoking, the hostesses were walking around with cans of air freshener to keep the air from smelling stale and smoky.  Finally, a Vegas bar that shows some love for the non-smoker crowd.  I can't believe that this simple concept is such a rarity in local lounges around here.Overall, Drink & Drag succeeds in providing a very casual and fun atmosphere.  The staff that attended to us were pleasant, funny, and entertaining.  The drinks, while a little on the pricey side (for an average beer, anyway), were good and well stocked, and if anything, the draw of incredibly cheap bowling is certainly worth a second mention.  And possibly a bowling league.So for those who have looked up in the Neonopolis and wondered what lies beyond those brightly covered doors, here's your answer.
4	Gay, Straight, Drag, go-go boys AND girls(real girls) Bowling, Pool, Awesome!I have high hopes for this place. The idea is great. It is a beautifully designed club with lots of things to see and do. I like having a nightclub that is obviously homo - but still overtly straight-friendly at the same time. Far from the snooty "ultra-lounges" of the Strip; this is just a big party for everyone.Even though "Drag" is in the name, most of the guys that I saw there were in the 'traditionally masculine' category. But about every "type" was represented - from upscale suits & gowns to trannies, muscle bears, and boys in their undies. fun.It's still relatively new, and there are some bugs to be worked out. It does take *forever* to get a drink when the bar is crowded (almost 45 minutes last Saturday night) - and young & pretty folks did seem to get more immediate attention than middle-aged  guys like me. To be fair, when I mentioned this to the manager, he apologized, and took care of me, which was appreciated.The music is also also excruciatingly loud at times. If you are leaning over the bar and yelling, and the bartender still can't hear what you're ordering, it's TOO FREAKIN'  L O U D !!  That will be a deal-breaker for me if doesn't calm down. How're ya gonna meet that cutie next to you if you can't say hi 'cause it's so loud? And How am I gonna get him into bed if I can't ply him with enough booze - 'cause it just takes too freakin long to get a drink?? But enough of my personal problems.This club is a great fit for Vegas - and especially the burgeoning hip downtown scene. I encourage them to hire some professional bartenders who can work quickly - and to attenuate the music to a non-ear-damaging level.
1	This place has a great concept but I give it 1.5 years and I am being generous with the .5 extra. The decor is fun, the pool room is great, the game room can go to the way side, the bowling is great, the dance floor and the music was just ok. The GO GO boys were not all that and had no sense of beat. What is going to shut this place down is the service, well the LACK OF. I went Friday night and I ordered a Bacardi and Diet. I got my drink and it was like drinking gasoline. I told the waitress that this was not Bacardi and she proceeded to argue with me. I gave my friend a drink and I told her to watch his face. He took a drink and gave the big sour face I knew he would. The waitress went to the bar then came back with her little Ipad and told me that the bar does not carrie regular Bacardi. WHAT GAY BAR DOES NOT CARRIE BACARDI? She told me that is it was Bacardi 151. I told her to take it back because it was way too strong. We were close to the bar. When she took it back to the bartender, he started yelling at the waitress and said he would not exchange it out. She came back told me and then said she would get a manager. The manager came out, went to the bar, talked to the bartender and had him fix the drink. I got my drink with Well Rum. I called the manager over and told him there did not need to be that much drama over a drink and that the bartender yelling at the waitress was unacceptable. All the manager had to say was, "Well they don't get paid to be smart". Wow, that is thinking highly of your staff. The manager came over later and gave me three free drink tickets. Drag Queens in a place like this should be OVER THE TOP FUN! These drag queens all looked miserable and when it was time to do their group lip sync (about every hr or so). None new any of the words to the songs. Another friend called me last night (Tuesday May 15th) and asked me to meet him there, I said no but then he talked me into it. I figured I would use my free drink ticket.  I went to use my free drink ticket and because I ordered a call brand. I had to pay $3.00 along with my ticket. WTF. A free drink ticket that was not so free. LOL. OMG. I guess I did save $6.00 since the drink is $9.00 by itself. Same miserable drag queens and same bad lip sync. Me and my friends (6 of us) vowed to never go back again. IT ALL COMES DOWN TO SERVICE THAT MAKES A PLACE SUCCESSFUL!
4	When I first heard that Drink & Drag Lounge was opening where the old Jillian's Hi-Life Lanes used to be intrigued my curiosity  in respect to what would be different and hoping they had kept the bowling lanes.When I visited this past Tuesday, I found the old bowling lanes still in operation and minor rennovations had been done. When  you enter,  the bar is centrally located in the lounge, the bowling lanes still situated at the left and billiards to the back right. When I went to order a drink, I was greeted with a pleasant smile by one of the bartenders in drag and have to admit that Elena was not a bad looking drag queen. The drink prices are reasonable and the setup for the venue makes it more intimate. I am looking forward to coming again and enjoying the special on SUPER GAY SUNDAYS. Who doesn't want $1 draft beer? I know I like a good beer from time to time and this place is a great place to just relax and have a good time. I believe this venue will stay for awhile and hope it brings other business to the Neonopolis center. I recommend checking out the website for entertainment and drink specials.
4	Best entertainment on a Friday night I have had in a long time.If you weren't aware there is a drag queen bowling alley, bar, billiards, and yes, it has video games to, and a dance floor *take a deep breathe* awesome place that has opened up Downtown. It's in the Neonopolis Complex and it is AH-MAZE-ING!First off the decor is awesome and everything is candy for your eyes. There is a large bar situated right in the middle when you walk in. Behind the bar is the dance floor and extra seating. To the left are the bowling lanes and pool tables. And all around you... drag queens and men in hot pants tending bar. Oh did I forget the go-go dancing boys in hot pants as well? Yes, they have those here too.The place is technically a gay bar, but to me it definitely appears to be straight-friendly as well. My friend and I popped in here last night after a Yelp event and we had a great time. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because we did wait quite awhile to get served our first drinks. Also, the drag queen who took our order did not know what Maker's Mark was. Hummm... yah, it's whiskey.
1	One of the worst bars with horrible bartenders. Do not go if it is your birthday. There are many other great places Dow town than this place.
4	This place is definitely different from other bars.  They have billiard tables, bowling alleys, and a game room?  Question mark on the game room cause my friends said that they showed it to me, but I don't remember =x.  Anyways they play dance music and the dance floor is spacious enough for you to break it down.  The atmosphere and crowd is pretty chill.  I wish I was coherent enough to enjoy all of the amenities this place offers.
4	Prince J gets the credit for writing the first Yelp review on this place.  Too bad I didn't finish mine sooner.  I was there the second night they were open (4/21/12) and had a blast.  Oh well.  At least I was the first to post a picture (Hey, Naya!).Drink and Drag is located at the end of Freemont Street in the virtually vacant two-store shopping center, Neonopolis.  Walk into the center of Neonopolis then take the escalator or evelvatSince going here I haven't stopped thinking about it.  Probably because when I signed up for their text alerts I now receive daily reminders about the fun.  But that's okay.  It makes me want to go back to Vegas just to be go to Drink and Drag.This place is drag queen overload - bartenders, bar backs, waitresses, even the bowling shoe rental girl.  Nearly every one of them was super friendly and fun to talk with.  Unfortunately, the drag queen bartender was cold.  I'll forgive her and say she was just stressed because it was the first few days they were open. The only guy there (at least dressed as a guy) was bartender Rick.  He was awesome!  Rick was friendly, engaging, and definitely working it so you'll come back again.Performances seemed to be spontaneous.  If a cool song came on, all of a sudden there were drag queens every where you looked performing their interpretation of it.  Dedication to a performance was somewhat self indulging. It was more of a "look at me" performance than doing it with purpose to entertain the crowd.  The go-go dancers exhibited the same lackluster attitude.The night I was there Delta Work from RuPaul's Drag Race was the headliner.  When it was time for her to perform she came out without introduction, did one song acting if she was bothered to be there.  Toward the end of the song she spotted an exit door and left quickly without fanfare.  Rather disappointing, but, that's a really a critique of Delta, not Drink & Drag per se.The crowd was very mixed, most likely due to the location at the end of Freemont Street.  Drinks were weak, but tolerable; not worth $9, though.  It's a big bar with lots of seating around the main bar and other nooks all around.   Most of the balls at Drink and Drag are tucked and tape, but there are others to play with.  They've got a pool room with 5 beautiful tables and a 12 lane computerized bowling alley (very nice!).  Since being their I've received texts for fun nights like underwear bowling - hmmm.One very odd thing was their obsession with iPads.  Several employees had them in their hands all the time staring at them and clicking away constantly.  Two of them in particular were so engrossed in their iPads that I don't think they ever noticed what was really happening in the bar.  I have high hopes for this place as it has a lot of potential.  I'm heading back to Vegas Memorial Weekend and will definitely return to Drink and Drag.
4	Take a bowling alley, a bar, a pool hall, a dance floor, a video game room, throw it in a blender, and what do you get? Something really cool.Top that off with drag queens that put the queens on "Drag Race" to shame, and what do you get? Something FAAAAAAAAAAAAAABULOUUUUUUUUUUUS!!!Drink and Drag is a ton of fun. We went a few weeks back during happy hour, and the vibe is too fun. It's in the Neonopolis building so it's a little hard to find. First you gotta park, which is always the detriment of the downtown area. Find Heart Attack Grill, step over the bodies dying of cardiac arrest, and head up the escalator.Once you're in, the bar/bowling alley (formerly Jillian's Bowling-a-Go-Go) is amazing. There's a very groovy mod/retro feel to it, and the lights give that feeling that any moment now someone's going to jump out and call you a "jive turkey."The queens are fabulous, but more importantly, super friendly and with great service.  And the big important thing (since I don't go amongst "my nation" that much) is that I didn't feel scrutinized every single second. Which is totally helpful, cuz that makes me sweat. And most guys don't hit on sweaters. Or guys that wear sweaters. Or sweaters who wear sweaters. You know what I mean. Point being... the straight guys who went with us were totally as comfortable there as the gay ones, so guys, if your friend wants to take you there, go... they're not taking you to auction you off!Totally a five-star place if it wasn't for the usual parking nightmare near Fremont. Plus, I was totally into Insert Coin(s) until it got super-popular and almost impossible to get into past 11pm. I really hope the same thing doesn't happen here.Definitely head on in and check it out. Relax, let your hair down. Then trade it out for some of their, cuz I swear, some of these beezies look better than real chicks.
3	This place should have been fun, but it just didn't click. Not very friendly. Overpriced. I doubt it will last.
3	Time to drop another star, sadly. I really do love this place... the staff are friendly, it's a great atmosphere... unfortunately, the management are idiots. Tonight they decided to spring it on the staff at the last minute that they had decided to charge a cover for this evening. Strike 1. You don't start charging cover randomly, and you especially do not wait until the last minute to tell your door staff. The amount of shit they had to take from annoyed patrons was not cool. Also? $10 a head isn't cool. This isn't on the strip, nor is it in that busy of a place to warrant it...The management also decided to hover around the bar area, which caused the bar staff to be really light-handed on the booze. It's the first time I've left the place without a buzz, and was disappointing. Strike 1.5The other half of the 2nd strike, comes from the fact that the management keeps upping the prices on things. First time I was there, a Jamieson on the rocks came in a tall glass, and cost $9. Second time I went, it was Rick who made it, and it came in a tiny glass which was so full of ice that the ice stuck over the rim... same cost... Tonight? Smaller glass, not QUITE as much ice, but suddenly it's $13... Really not cool.We'll still go back once in a while, especially when there's a special guest doing shows and whatnot, but if things keep going downhill from how they were a couple weeks ago, we may have to find another venue... and that makes me sad. :(
4	So far, I'm lovin' it. The casual atmosphere, reasonably priced drinks and prospect of embarrassing myself on the lanes keep me coming back. The service is okay and I like the familiarity felt with the bartenders. The few times I've gone, it hasn't been to crowded which is nice as its possible to carry on an actual conversation. The decor is neat, clean and isn't trying too hard. The one thing that I feel could be better is the music. It's sort of all over the place and no one stays on the dance floor for more than two or three songs. The DJ seems passive at best as he hits shuffle on his iPod and lets Jesus take the wheel, for lack of a better term. I hope it stays around for a while. It's filling a much need niche in the Las Vegas LGBT 'scene' and I like it. Start doing karaoke night! Quick Tip: Don't waste your time searching for non existent free street parking after 9:00pm. Neonopolis has a garage below with ample parking and it's only $5.
4	Pretty Fab, I must say!  I am glad that we got to visit before this place becomes super popular.  There's really some of everything going on here- male go-go dancers, drag performers/waitresses, bowling, billiards, games, a DJ, a dance floor... You want it, they've got it! Drinks were $9, and the glasses seemed to be HUGE! Not a particularly strong pour, but it took me forever to finish my drink.  The DJ was pretty doggone awesome, and there was plenty of room to dance without having to worry about bumping into people or getting drinks spilled on you.The drag performances were good, campy fun as well.  I will return and hopefully be able to bowl next time!
3	Hmmmmm....not great, not terrible, but I thought I'd have a lot more fun at a drag place.We went on a Saturday night at 11:45. Place was pretty dead. And I thought some of the drag queens looked a little busted. I thought for sure it would be busier. What's more...the dance floor was empty! This is a gay bar, people, and no one was dancing?!I do think it's pretty cool that they have bowling lanes, a lot of free pool tables and even a gamer room where you can rent comfy chairs and play video games on huge screens. Nice touches. However, there was some sort of bachelorette party or birthday party going on in the bowling lanes, and all of the (fat) chicks bowling decided to strip down to their bras and underwear! Ewwww. I want to see men dressed up as beautiful women, not ugly women dressed down in ill fitting undergarments.When they performed, 4 queens got up on the bars, but only one was working it. I was just a little surprised at how boring the place was. Maybe I expected too much?
2	ok so went there to celebrate my birthday with my friends ..... the drag queens were  beyond BITCHY...The music was HORRID. Apparently the DJ is the owners son.  The owner owns Krave and kicked the kid from Krave over to Drink and Drag.  The Locals refer to him as Medusa and they all tell you the same thing....good thing Daddy owns the place.  The music made absolutely no sense to me, and I was SOBER.  Some of us opted to bowl.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.  The lanes are not maintained and kept breaking down on us.  They let people spill drinks on the lanes and don't clean them up.  You stick while you try to slide.  I asked the Big Drag Queen to do something about it....."Oh honey, we don't care about the bowl part"  After 5 frames of bowling and it took us close to 2 hours to do that-keep in mind there was only 5 of us bowling-when the lane just shut down on us, I was completely DONE.  I went up and wanted my money back.  The manager wanted to know what happened, explained it all, and he finally gave me back the $55.  I think he was shocked at how PISSED off I was about the experience there.My friends orders some drinks, which I thought was extremely over priced when 3 drinks were $48.  My club soda was $10 and no free refills for the designated driver....REALLY?  Lets get everyone liquored up so you can drive home and get killed or at least get a DUI.SAVE YOUR MONEY....DON'T go here
5	Great bar!  Couldn't stay long, but while we were there it was awesome!  Music, drinking, bowling and drag queens -FABULOUS!!
3	There's a lot to like about this place.  Drag queens.  It's in the same location as the old Julian's so there's pool tables, bowling alleys, dance floor and a private room with video games and air hockey.  Very fun stuff here people.  This place has the potential to be amazing.  But there are obviously some kinks to work out. Here are my suggestions:(1) Get rid of the skank sewage smell.  I don't know from whence it comes, JUST GET RID OF IT!(2) Advertise.  This place was dead and given how different it is, that just should not be.(3) Clean the damn bathrooms.  There was no one in this place and the bathrooms were a hot, skanky mess. Eww.(4) Consider only allowing attractive people to bowl in their underwear.  I was a huge fan of the concept of giving bowlers a discount if they bowl in their underwear.  However, in practice, most of the people looked homeless and like they were wearing the last underwear left in the drawer.  You know what I'm talking about.  When you haven't done laundry in weeks and you start pulling out the holey, chewed up undies.  Not a pretty sight.Although there are some issues to work out, I would definitely come back here, if for no other reason than the novelty of it all.  This place is something new and exciting in Las Vegas and added bonus: It's downtown!  Another bonus, the dj was playing awesome music.
5	Went there with a group of about seven friends on a Friday night and it was the best night out we've had in a long time. We had an absolute blast. The music was good, the queens were better and the Britney Spears look alike blew me away.  The staff were all very friendly, thanking us for coming in. I heart polite people.I admit, I looked leeringly at the barbacks. A lot. But trust me when I tell you I couldn't help myself.The bartenders were very cool, and made a slew of Dr Pepper shots as a special request after my husband found the recipe.We didn't try the bowling but that will definitely happen next time. I'm going to drag (no pun intended) some friends from work with me next time, too.Thanks, Drink and Drag for a FANTASTIC night out with friends!
3	My girlfriends and I were walking on the Fremont st. and they were handing out free drink coupons so we decided to stop by.  It was 5pm on Tuesday and it was completely dead inside.  We were the only one there and maybe a couple people came in later on.  They have bowling lanes for affordable price.  They have a good music too.  The staffs are very nice and attentive.  It would have been nicer to see more people and this place definitely deserves more business.  I hope we were just at a wrong time.
5	It doesn't happen often, but I was having a particularly crappy day.  You know, just one of those days.  Nothing was going right, total bummer.  I wandered the Strip for hours looking for shenanigans, and found none.  NONE.  In Sin City.  WTF?  So, I did what I always do when I'm feeling blue: teased hair up real big, gold eyeshadow, and jumped in a cab.  "Take me to the nearest drag queens, please."  See, queens are a happy people.  It is not possible to have a bad time in their presence.  It's not a gay thing, a straight thing, or an in-between thing.  It's just a fact of life.  A short ride to Downtown later, and I found myself at the threshold of Drink & Drag.  Sight for sore eyes, it certainly was.  It's tucked back off of Fremont just a touch, upstairs in an otherwise dilapidated shopping area, mostly shuttered.  Inside?  Damn near heaven, that's what!  I had no idea that when I went, it was super new.  It was spotless, sparkling, inviting, comfy, and there are BOWLING LANES IN THE MIDDLE.  Imagine that, guys and dolls.  I happened to be there on a Sunday, what luck!  $2 pint-sized well mixed drinks.  Beer so cheap they practically pay you to drink it.  Discounted bowling.  Musical interludes by the staff.  Wigs taller than I.  Awesome service, incredibly friendly bartenders and servers.  This place again reinforced my perception that native Las Vegas folk are some of the most laid-back, sweet peeps in the world.  It seems to be all the visitors that are a-holes there, certainly not the locals.  When one of the performers complimented my eye makeup, I nearly fainted.  LIFE COMPLETE.  Drink and Drag not only saved my Sunday, but kind of turned me around on the whole Vegas experience, for reals.  Normal prices, amazingly attentive staff, slick look and feel, tons of room: total win.  Sweet 'tender tried to put me in a cab, but I said, "No, thanks, lady.  I'M TAKING THE BUS!"  Then I spent about an hour in transit, drunk and lost as hell, wishing I'd never left.
5	Love love LOVE this bar that is in the back of a shopping center off the Freemont street promenade.  It's right behind the heart attack grill.  I took my MOTHER there... haha. It's a gay bar where there's a ton of drag queens, a bowling alley, and a pretty dope dance floor.  Bathrooms are very clean, and the drinks are reasonably priced.  A nice change from the other gay bars in town, this bar is cool, low key, has GREAT music, and if you feel like being a tourist again, all you have to do is go down the escalator and walk around Freemont.   They have a coreographed drag show every half hour on fridays.  It was awesome... but my mother made a comment that made me laugh:, "I would hate to be the coreographer of that group... you know, cuz they're all Divas.  You would tell them, 'left, right, hip' and one of them would say, 'o no, coco does not do that'."  Please go... this place is really fantastic!
4	We went on a Sunday night and their super happy hour specials are great.  Draft beers were only $1.  To bowl it cost $20 for eight games and shoe rentals. The cost of the bowling alone is worth the trip. They also have very reasonably priced billiards and PS3 gaming.The wait staff was friendly and very attentive.  We never had to go searching for someone to get a drink.The drag queens were somewhat disappointing; maybe because it was a Sunday night.  They appeared to be more like men in dresses than drag.  Although, the shoe rental personal didn't disappoint.
5	You just gotta love QUEENS. Dressed in their finest, and grooving with their diva attitudes, best believe you'll have yourself a good time with these ladies! Their offerings, and deals are just too good to be true. The breakdown for Sunday's special:No cover$1 draft$2 wells$2 snacks$1 bowling$1 per hour of billiardsFree board games (I saw Twister and Connect 4)So...I spent a good deal of my time there drinking cheap beer and wells and then sobering up with a fairly decent sized amount of those $2.00 nachos. These nachos aren't nachos with small portions. It was a big portion with a very good helping or cheese and jalapenos. The venue is so fun and retro! They have these cool private lanes with seats to seclude your party. So it feels like a VIP bowling lane. They have fun lights and a big screen with cool light graphics to get you in the party mood. They also have this super cool private game room with HUGE projector screens and a lounge area for you play video games if you wanted. There's also a really cool dance floor and an awesome DJ that spins the best top 40 hits so you could boom boom shake shake and drop what your mama say on the floor. If you're running out of dance moves, fear no more because the dazzling divas put on an hourly show to show you what their working with.I had a great time and the service was fabulous. While I think it's nifty that they use Ipads to ring everyone up, I didn't quite know what to do to keep a tab open since I had card or leave tip, but later on I finally figured it out. heehee.I walked away that night fun drunk with friends only spending a whopping $25.00 plus tip on billiards, snacks, and drnks! Thanks Ladies!!!
4	Upon entering I'm greeted by 2 super cute, buff bartenders, decked out in their underpants. I don't know if they were gay but I don't really care, I'm married but not dead!  Super Gay Sunday's rock. Even though the website says that their Super Sunday Happy Hour starts at 4pm, the club didn't open til 6. For such a great deal on bowling and drinks the place was pretty empty, maybe 4 out of the 12 lanes were being used at once. So before 9pm on Sundays bowling cost only $1 per person per game, plus $3 shoe rental (shoes run really big). As we played we were served by the delightful and attentive Lauren...$1 drafts and $2 wells! That's crazy! And the drinks are huge. I also had one of the dreamy bartenders whip me up something special, it was $9 but it was yummy. The music was decent club music, disco lights glimmer spill across the alley's as you throw their heavy balls down the lane. I really thought the "drag queen" theme would be in your face, but it wasn't at all. Very laid back, fun vibe. Some of the Drag Queens would jump up on stages and show off their dancing queen skills during the night. Tip em if you like what you see!If you're interested they also have billiards, board games, air hockey and PS3 games on the big screen. Don't forget about a snack.My husband told me the mens room has pictures of the Drag Queens "admiring" your goods. The girls room wasn't as entertaining.If you park in the Neonopolis garage be sure to get your parking ticket validated before you leave, so parking will be free. When we were leaving the place was filling up, still not a lot of bowlers, but there was a Drag Queen contest starting at 10pm so I'm sure no one wanted to miss that.I would totally go back in a heartbeat. Hopefully they get more patrons and keep up the awesome specials.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!Took my husband there when they first opened & have been there for a friends b day.Planning a bowling party this month. GREAT drinks & they carry Bubble Gum vodka...HEYOOOOOO!!!Awesome staff & music
4	I had a lot of fun here. A friend held a party here and had it not been for that, I would never have known this little gem existed.  Love the theme! The servers are in drag and they hop up on the counter to do a choreographed lip sync routine to the music once in a while.  I found them to be very friendly and fun.Male go-go dancers in barely-there speedos/short-shorts gyrate on a couple of elevated platforms and are fun to look at. My friend put a dollar down the shorts of one guy, who immediately obliged with some exaggerated rump-shaking in her direction that had her laughing.  The colorful lighting created a nice atmosphere. The bowling lanes were in use and people were on the dance floor to some good dance tunes- good job, DJ! I like the diverse crowd- male, female, variety of ages, gay, straight, different races. I'll definitely come back to this place- I hope it has some staying power!
1	What a screw... 2 dollars corona on the website but when you go to the bar they charge you 7 bucks and don't even mention that you have to go to the bowling lady and join the text club to get the deal so your f!'::!!!! For the first one.
4	First time visiting this place on Sunday and I'm actually impressed!  A place I never knew could do so well, and even better, it's downtown!First, you're greeted by a very personable bouncer.  A lot of clubs and bars have uptight bouncers who think they can use their position to push people around.  The bouncer at Drink & Drag was very nice.  When you enter, the bar is right infront and super cool.  Nicely illuminated and lots of staff members to assist.  To the left of the bar is a 10 lane bowling alley.  For Drink & Drag, I think Sundays would be an awesome day to visit because of their happy hour.  The part of Sundays Happy Hour I love is, "$1 Drafts, $2 Wells, $2 Snacks, $1 Bowling! NO COVER!"  That is super affordable!!We didn't stay long because I had to work the next morning but you bet I'll be back to hang out.  This new place really is helping to change the face of downtown and I really appreciate it!
1	Pretentious, over-priced, judgmental, stuck up jerks. And that's just the description of the patrons. The staff is unfriendly and tend to look down on the guests. And what the charge for alcohol is obscene. I doubt that even the casinos on the strip charge as much. Bad, boring, played out music had about 3 people (total) on the dance floor. It's just another Krave. I guess tourists would line this place. They don't have anything to compare it to.
5	It's a great place!!! Nice people, everybody is respectful. Gays and straight people getting along very well. Bartenders are really nice. The bar is super cute, looks remodeled. The only bad things are the music that is very loud and the drinks can be pricy.
4	This place is pretty much amazing. How can you scoff at a bar with bowling, pool, drag queens, and a great vibe? I know I can't. A friend of mine and myself visited D&D a few weeks back on recommendation from a fellow Yelper and let me tell you we weren't disappointed. The queens were there in full force and rocking their fierce outfits and dance moves, and at one point it was like a scene from RuPaul's Drag race and they were "lip syncing for their lives" but in this instance no one was getting kicked off the show LOLThe folks that were there were fun and inviting and really awesome to hang out with. Gay/straight/bi etc everyone is welcome here! We met a few cool people and even were privy to some tasty rainbow birthday cake! The gal who's birthday it happened to be was awesome enough to share the rainbow sugary goodness with everyone! Even on a Monday this place was a good time! I will go back here again!
4	This was the most fun we had on our most recent Vegas trip.  The whole group (20 of us) had a great time. The Drag Queens and staff were all friendly to us and the drinks were delicious.  They had a theme for the night (White Wedding) and we loved the intermittent performances.
1	I guess it's my bad for not knowing what I was getting myself into.  Some friends told me to go there to hang out and get some cheap beers.  I didn't even know this place existed.  Well, let me back up.Drink & Drag is in the horribly sad Neonopolis shopping mall downtown.  For a year and a half, I worked on a TV show that was in studios that were built out of 3 of the movie theatres.  That whole time, that mall was dead.  We heard rumors that they were going to revitalize it, but it has never happened.  And that was like 2006.Jillian's used to be in this mall, and they had a smaller back room where you could bowl.  It sucked then, but there were limited edible food options on our lunch hour, so we'd occasionally go there.Now it's Drink & Drag, and it's just worst.  Loud music like you're in a club, with bowling, and then dudes in speedos and people in drag.  Just seems like an awfully weird combination.  Granted, I'm not gay, so maybe I'm missing the appeal.  But places that try so hard to be SOMETHING MORE seem destined to fail.  They're a small bowling alley with a bar, can't we just leave it at that?This guy is not your target audience, I guess.  I left as soon as I could get my friends out of there, and enjoyed the rest of my night at the Griffin.
5	This place closes at 4 AM. How do I know? I was there when they were closing up shop!You must not have a pulse if you cannot enjoy yourself here. Period. A group of about 12 us ranging in ages (some were even conservatives) met up for 'drinks' at D&D. Not ONE person was sitting down the entire time. We were either bowling, dancing, drinking or taking pictures with the beautiful drag queens--everyone had a blast. Good music, tasty treats (moon pies and hot dogs were eaten for hang over prevention) and no cover!....now if only we could open a D&D in San Francisco =\
2	Aaaaaand STRIKE THREE, you're out.Why in the hell would you close the entire upstairs level of Neonopolis (including the bar, itself) for a "lesbian only party" on the main night of Las Vegas Pride? Whoever is responsible for that moronic decision needs to lose their job.I'm sorry if I don't feel like standing around in a clutter of ghetto people in a poorly ventilated "party" with terrible performers on stage... (This was 11pm, and not a queen to be seen. Just some people doing breakdancing and rap... because apparently that has something to do with gay culture and pride.)This place is quickly becoming the place NOT to go. I really, really wanted to like it, and it started out so well, but I don't think I'll be bringing any more out of town guests here, or even bothering to come spend my own money in the future, unless someone is really desperate to go to a drag bar. (Which doesn't happen often, I tell you.)Good luck, Drink & Drag. I know you're owned by the people who own Krave, which explains your stupid business practices, but there's a reason the locals avoid Krave, and I'm sure they'll start avoiding this location as well if things keep up at this rate.
4	Sundays are fun days at Drink & Drag!  All day long you get to enjoy happy hour specials (stolen from Janel):No cover$1 draft$2 wells$2 snacks$1 bowling$1 per hour of billiardsIf you find yourself spending much more than $20 here on a Sunday, I certainly hope you're buying drinks for friends.  $20 goes a long way here on Sundays, with my favorite deal being the $1 drafts: American Red, Shock Top or Bud Light.  There's good people watching, bowling is fun, and you're on Fremont Street!  If you make your way down here and don't have a good time, I think you may need to learn what fun is.
4	What a fun place in Vegas to party! They have music (I think the DJ that night also spins in LA), bowling ($13 on weekends at night with shoe rental for one game), a dance floor to shake your thang, pool for $5/game, and booze! Oh wait...and most importantly, they have drag queens serving the booze, walking around selling shots, performing every few songs on the benches, and greeting you at the entrance. If you are a fan of drag queens, be sure to stop here! On Sun, they have a really awesome happy hour with severely discounted prices on everything from food to fun n games. Pretty fun night out and something different than the usual dance club with people standing around just staring at other people.
2	I went to your establishment last night with a group of friends. I heard great things from another friend. Well it is a fun place, great music, but the service was lacking. It was not a busy night and it took a long time to be served drinks. I showed a tweet that said free bowling and 2 for 1 drinks, I did receive a wristband. I went to the bar and ordered a coke, the bartender gave me two cokes and charged me $8.00. I don't think soda with no alcohol cost $8.00. I brought it another bartenders attention, she said that was I was overcharged but did nothing about it! She just ignored me. I don't understand why. You guys have a great idea and I wish you luck, I hope you work on hiring people with better skills.Oh and if you message them on Facebook about the incident or put it on their newsfeed, they block you. Wow you can see the great customer service!!
4	Fun atmosphere, cheap drinks, nice people, awful music. Seriously awful music.
4	I wasn't inside very long but the place seems great!  They were having a live drag king show which I didn't get to see but it seemed really cool.There's bowling alleys which I can't wait to play at one day.  The guys behind the bar were ADORABLE!
3	Took my niece here for her birthday. The drinks were good, the staff was good, My niece said she had never seen a drag performance and the ladies were nice enough to perform earlier than usual. The only thing I can say is, girls, you have to learn the words...the songs are Iconic......We came too early in the evening...nothing had really gotten started yet.Next time we are in Las Vegas, I'm going to plan better, come later in the evening and bring a whole group of people.
3	This place has so much potential! If you don't have an open mind, please do not attempt to go there. Drag queens and bowling..its not for everyone. Getting there was not so great, Fremont street is a bit sketch at night. But walking in its like sensory overload. Dancefloor, Drag Queens, Billiards, Bar and Bowling..Whew..where do i go first??  The bars top shelf was not impressive. We tried to make the most of it and bowled one game.  I'm not sure how I feel about this spot, except that it was ok. Thank goodness the owners, who also own KRAVE, is opening another one closer to the strip. I'd give it another shot.
3	the show on the half hour mark was not a show so to speak, but the bartenders dancing... we may have gone too early to see the main event (we were there at 9pm, left at 10)The staff were great, funny, friendly, and attentive... i just wish we made it to see the show.  I guess that means we'll have to go back!oh!  Text "DRAG" to 313131 to receive special offers!  we got in free and had two drinks on the house~
4	Oh, how I wish I were a Vegas local, this place is so much fun.  I made sure to stop in on my most recent Vegas trip on the advice of my gal Anna B., who swore this place would rock my world.  She was right!  You've got the 3 D's covered: drinking, dancing, and drag queens.  A fan of bowling?  I'm not, but they've got you covered there if you want to partake.  They were serving up large cocktails for a decent price.  My favorite part of the evening was when the queens would break out dancing - those ladies have KILLER moves.  A fun, fabulous vibe and fierce style abound.  I had a blast chatting up the queens and the other customers.  Everybody is welcome here! Oh - and check out the bathrooms.  Those red lights will make you feel feisty!
4	Had a wonderful time here, great space, love the concept of bowling, drag and dance bar.  Perfect addition to downtown, and nice mixed crowd, gay, straight, local, and traveler alike.
3	Fun place to hang out. They have five or six bowling lanes, a bar, and a pool area (to play pool, not a pool with water). As one of my friends pointed out though, the lanes aren't designed for serious bowling. (I guess you can't see the dots on the floor or something like that.) I liked that the lanes each had plush seat banks for the bowlers to sit down. Not those hard plastic seats like at an actual bowling alley. The waitress was attentive and came by frequently. They didn't offer any specialty drinks (or at least that I could see), but otherwise had a fully stocked bar. The place is upstairs in Neonopolis. We were there a little early, about 7:30pm, and it was a bit dead. But by 10pm, it was crowded, mostly around the bar area. Also, one last thing -- when I took out my digital SLR to take pictures of my group, security came over and told me that while I could take pictures with my cell phone camera, I couldn't use a "real" camera. Huh? Overall, we had a blast, and its definitely worth checking out.
1	I really wanted this place to be good..  It's close to my house..  Strike 1, the door guy is a complete DOUCHE. Strike 2. The entire place smells like raw sewage..  Strike 3. The bar tenders make horrible, week drinks that are expensive. Boooo..  I may never return..  Gawd, I used to love Krave.. I hope this is not what we have to look forward to..  I can't even believe it's the same owners..
3	Ahh-ok - its defiantly not your SF bar. 10 dollar cover on friday and 20 dollar cover saturday! and 9 dollar drinks seem a little steep. Its a good place to go to break up the casino bars and to go and hang out and dance. Cool place inside - but needs improvement.Things that need to improve in my opinion:1- The guy at the door needs to go - completely disrespectful. Took my grandma, mom, and dad (yes, very supporting family (-: ) - The guy was extremely rude.2- Cover charge is quite high for any club. $20 dollars at a club that has no line and not many people inside might be a good indication.
5	Excelente atmosphere, prices, fun and most of all bowling with drag Queens!"
1	Terrible cant even start to describe this place. $7 for a bottled beer here or $2.75 at the Denny's downstairs. WtfTheir alcohol selection is terrible. No assortments of whiskey or rum - it's sad they can even call it a bar. And the beers are just the regular domestics (bud, bud light, sunshine). Why not actually have some good beers like the bars across the street?!But it wouldn't matter because its hard to even get a drink. Waited 30 mins at the bar and never received service. These "queens" are terrible. No personalities. I don't think I've ever seen one smile out of a bartender. I think Glitter Gulch has better dancers than here too. Just desperate, slutty porn stars.
2	Great ambience and clever concept! Who doesn't like drinking, bowling, and drag queens all under one roof? Unfortunately every time I have visited, the service has been consistently bad. Long wait at the bar, very weak drinks, and poor service. I waited almost 15 minutes for a drink only to be told by a drag queen that 'she'd be right back' as she had to perform a mediocre routine that seemed it was choreographed by teenagers (no offense to the pre-pubescent). I do hope they staff the bar with attentive bartenders and a better range of booze as I think it's a poor excuse of a gay bar!
4	- Been here twice and it's cool to chill and have a few drinks.  I hate bowling so didn't partake in that.
3	We were escorted upstairs to this place after we found out that the New Years temporary Krave Massive party wasn't open yet.   The drag queens were well done as they always are.  There is a bowling alley but nobody was playing on NYE.   The drinks were variable, the well vodka was not palatable.   Not a fancy alcohol place for sure.   The music was several decibels too loud, especially when there was a dancer.    Got us warmed up for the party and met some "interesting" people at the bar as well!  Right in the middle of the run down Fremont street mall.
5	Drinks, drag queens, dancing AND bowling!  Love it!
4	Looking for something else to do on a friday night (other than an average bar or the movies) we decided to give Drink & Drag a whirl. Friends had recommended it to us, but being in the neighborhood and suffering from an overcrowded bar on a First Friday, we decided it was a good time to try; we were very happy that we did.  There was a cover ($10 per person) and the cost per game was pretty steep ($26 for two people w/ shoe rental for a single game). There's a bar (complete with male go-go dancers the night we went) and the option to play pool (which was a more reasonable hourly rate) so there is more to do than just bowling. The staff was friendly and the crowd was too; everyone there (us included) seemed to be having a great time. It was a little pricey, but turned out to be worth every penny.
4	Cheap bowling, pool, and hilariously done-up drag queens? It's hard not to be amused in this place. Sometimes it's hard to get a drink (if it's busy you might have to wait a while), and from time to time some of the queens get cranky (hey, it happens), but I normally have a pretty good time here. If you sign up for their text promo notifications, you can get pretty good deals here most nights of the week (like free bowling or 2-for-1 drinks), but you have to show them the text to get the promo.
4	Cute bar/lounge with a dance floor, pool tables and bowling!  What more could you need/want?I went on a Friday night and it wasn't too crowded and didn't take long to get a drink.  The theme was locker room, so all of the dancers were dressed in athletic wear and the set of the stage was a locker room with a bench and lockers.
3	I rant about the lack of GLBTQ community in Vegas so I welcome a place like this. I love dragqueens and I love the idea of a bar served and werked by these lovelies.  I really thought it was a shoe in favorite for me, but so far my experience has been lacking something.  Came on a Saturday late after hopping from another bar.  I liked they do random blast specials like for the next 5 minutes drinks are $5 when we were there and their facebook advertises some very attractive drink specials like 2 for 1 nights w/ flyer or text, $2 drinks, bowl and snacks day, etc. The selection was mostly flavored vodkas and not much for me to work with in terms of whiskeys or gins and no craft beers. Still, if you are looking for a cheap drinks this might be paradise. The sound system isn't good quality and they were playing the most overplayed Top 40 so it wasn't hitting the fabulous factor in that. I should maybe check in on a EDM night or a night with a DJ in.  I love the semi-private bowling lanes with comfy looking bench seats so the BF and I agreed this might be fun to go one quiet afternoon with friends. The prices seem below most big bowling spots pricing regularly and they advertise some days have $2 game specials so it definitely seems like it'll be a better option than going to a casino.As for nightlife time, I'm not so sure. We'll see if this relationship is just shy and grows overtime. Will be back for bowling soon.(Yelp 100 Challenge 32/100)
4	You're not in Kansas anymore!Having been wait listed for the save the queen yelp event, I decided to do some queen saving on my own and reliable sources lead me to this place in downtown where I would surely find a queen in desperate need of saving. As entered the place I didn't know what to expect but the people that work there were very friendly and accommodating, I felt comfortable right away. drinks are decent and cheap and if you text "drag" to their number you get many deals during the week, I just can't remember what that number was but you can still have a good time for cheap without that number.There's a few bowling lanes, seems like a fun thing to do if you go with a group of friends. and bowling prices are cheap. 1 dollar!  I'm also glad they have bowling because when I was asked by friends where I was last night I told them that I had gone to some bowling place. The drag show was great! I used my tip money that I had for the Yelp event to tip the performers, I also took my food money to tip the performers and I also took my cab money to tip the performers. At the end I was stranded at at place packed with drag queens, dancing bartenders, bowling balls and no way to get home, luckily one of the performers (the one with most of my money) offered to give me a ride home.Now I'm just hoping that that saying about what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas holds true for a change. I need to go to church and confess...Forget the queen! I need to go and save myself.#good deals#great service#great atmosphere#sin
3	Ahh, drink and drag. This was my second visit and first time hosting an event. my reasons for choosing D&D is that I like that they have so much space and activities to choose from including bowling, pool, video games, to name a few. . .that aspect appealed to my friends as far as variety. I don't really consider D&D a club and for that I disagree with the cover fees! also, the drinks are grossly overpriced. For location, activities, group space, and even the ladies in drag, all a thumbs UP. but pricing, cover fees, rude staff attitudes, even the cocktail of supplies for "purchase" in the bathroom, little over the top. Much thanks to Christina, David, Michael, Nelson, Sylvia, Kim, Alida, Helen, and of course many more for showing up even briefly and supporting me in my 1st Vegas UYE. Love you guys/gals and I will plan a near future event which is a little less alcoholic and scattered to where I can hopefully meet more of you in an intimate dining scene and have some one on one time.Thanks all!
3	In the heart of downtown, glitterly placed in Neonopolis (think where Jillian's was).A place where all the drags, queer boys and straight girls love to come to, be welcomed for who you are and then some. Ok - you may spot a lesbian or two.Drags are done up right, serving you alcohol and dance and some drag-courtesy. It is an enjoyable place to go to or end up at. Along with 3-4 real sized pool tables, there are bowling alleys (watch for specials), dance floors - and his & her bathroom. Complete with a doorman at the door. The fun starts as soon as you walk in. With an open heart and some cash in your pockets. It calls for a good time.I think the gay world marketing team can definitely do something a little bit more creative with their specials/marketing ploy. We are gay, so give us something to be gay about. We are not about being in a box.What about some comment box? I'm sure someone else has great ideas other than the ones you employ.*Park @ Neonopolis for a easy stroll to and fro. I believe you can get validated at the bowling service bar.
3	Condragulations! Concept is fantastic, and when you walk in, Drink & Drag Lounge looks and feels really cool, if not happening. Nice square bar surrounded by tables, billiards, bowling, and dancing. A chorus line of lovely ladies and the obligatory gogo/shirtless bartender eye candy (is this the East Fremont answer to Beef, Booze, and Broads?). I love that every 30 minutes the girls get up on the tables and perform a routine. I'll be really interested to see if Drink & Drag, in conjunction with the soon to be opened Krave Massive (billed as the LARGEST GAY CLUB IN THE WORLD) will turn these two floors of Neonopolis into a scene, because it definitely feels a bit empty right now, a low-keyish mix of local gays, local straights who want to bowl, and the occasional out-of-towner. I'm not sure the current cover or drink prices are warranted yet. I'd also recommend they get out of the text specials scene and move on to FB/Twitter promotions. But I did enjoy and do believe in Drink & Drag - she has heart, and her charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent deserves to be seen!
3	Wound up here last night...errr this morning ha ha, it was pretty late.  It wasn't crazy crowded but not empty.  This was the sort of place where you can dance like no one is watching and that is exactly what we did ha ha.  Mostly top 40 stuff being played and that makes it easy to shake it.The drag queens were friendly and fun to talk to.  One asked me my name, I replied, "Cupcake."  She said her name was Sprinkles.  Good times.  I have to come back to throw a few frames.
3	Had a fun night with friends.  The staff are nice folks and lovely.  Very attentive and fab!
3	Not where I thought I would end up at when I started my night out, but there I was none the less.  I remember the place from Jillian's, but the only thing that still looks familiar is the bowling lanes.  The place was surprisingly busier than I thought it would be, and had very diverse crowd.  I think the proximity to Fremont Street brings in a good balance of locals and tourists.The music was unique house, but still mainstreams enough that you would recognize the majority of the songs.  The dance floor was more of a waiting area, with only small pockets of people dancing while the others stood and talked.  The drink prices were to be expected for a tourist driven venue, a little more than they should be and mediocre.The staff however make up for any reduction in stars due to service and quality.  With the exception of a few go go dancers, I was really hard to tell who was or wasn't in drag.  I'm not sure who they were really catering to, as the balance of beef cake to hottie was pretty even the stages.  That is until the drag queens start to dance.  They defiantly  draw the attention of everyone in there, and rightfully so.
3	We stopped in to check out Drink & Drag mid week while in town for a trade show.  We had a group of 7 and I personally, thought it sounded like a fun way to spend a half hour when I heard they did a drag show every 30 minutes.  So the door guy told me they have a bar, a bowling alley, dance floor, billiards, and a gaming lounge and no cover at that point (probably because they were pretty much empty at the time).  We headed inside... of course, I checked out the ladies room first and foremost, then we explored the location and took advantage of the comfy seating in the gaming lounge for a little sit down.  As we didn't know when the drag show would start, we went back out into the bar area and grabbed a table near the dance floor.  The music is SUPER LOUD.  SUPER LOUD.One friend went to the bar and asked for soda water with a dash of bitters and they told her it was $9 so she said no thanks.   After that, the rest of us passe don ordering drinks, so I was surprised that others who reviewed said the drink prices were good.  Finally, the "girls" hopped up on the furniture that was on each side of the bar and did a song and dance.  It was fine, but no Queen Mary experience (for those familiar with the old Queen Mary Club in Studio City).We didn't bowl, but the bowling alleys are very cool and glowy looking.  IOverall, it seems like a pretty cool place to hang out, but it's just a little too loud for this old lady and we headed out after the drag show.
4	Celebrated my roomate's birthday here and boy (or should I say, girl), we had FUN.We got bottle service next to the bowling lanes so, we could drunk bowl. Obvi.I heard this place charges a ridic amount for entrance so, my concern was if our guests would have to pay. Luckily my roomie's boyfriend did some contacting and the payment would include entrance, 2 bowling lanes, and 3 bottles WITH 1 FREE BOTTLE =)How could we not have fun. Our waitresses/waiters/drag QUEENS, also, made the evening fun by doing performances sporadically on the dancefloor and speakers. All-in-all a good night to celebrate a great friend.
4	Great place for us to hang out on a Wednesday night.  In town for a certification class, and we had a great time.  For $13 each we played 2 games and rented shoes.  But the bowling is just the activity.  The fun is the atmosphere.  Loud pumping music made an average evening better.  The lovely staff was very accommodating.  Drag show was at 11:00, and we all clapped for the talented performers.  I have been to many vegas parties where there is a DJ spinning and lots of fun to be had, but this place has a bit of everything.  Some folks are stating the drinks were too much, but we did pitchers of draft Rocktop for $11.A great time, and we will be returning.  If you are looking for a coddling experience, this is not it.  The wait staff has many duties, but they always made sure we were taken care of.  I love to see people comfortable with their bodies and making themselves beautiful.Not for the faint of heart, but you are in vegas, go with it.
5	I always end up in conversations with tourists convincing them to check out the awesome downtown, and drink and drag is always on that list of reasons. The drag queens, gogo dancers, bowling, the dance floor, pool tables, video game room. There's something for everyone here. Depending on the night/time of day the drinks can be very cheap or pricy, (happy hour) the music can be awesome or obnoxious, sometimes there is a cover sometimes there isn't (i believe if you show up before nine there isn't, but the place doesn't have a lot of people in it then either. But regardless its an experience and a good time, and lots of people have never even seen a drag queen. The neonopolis is really shaping up these days, and this place is one of the biggest reasons why.
3	There's whole lot going on here.  You've got the main bar, bowling lanes to the left, a dance floor behind the bar, pool tables down the stairs, and video game room. Oh, did I mention the drag queens galore and go-go dancers?  The place is pretty big inside; it felt very spacious.We went this past Tuesday night and they were hosting Tight N White Tuesdays: strip down to your underwear and you get to bowl and play billiards for free and get 2 free drinks.  I won't mention if I partook in that activity (I didn't) but there were definitely some takers.  The scene is fun, dark, and different.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go back, but if a group was doing something there, I wouldn't mind.  The lounge did have a smokey odor since it's all indoors, and I'm not a fan of that.
5	I love this place! Plenty of room to dance and get your groove on. Drink prices are good and lots of specials during the week. Never had a bad time. If you Tex drag to 313131 you receive better deals and free entry before 10 pm with they're texts. Can't wait to go back!
5	Drinks are a little spendy but this is a really nice bowling alley/bar/venue. The table service is not terribly expensive and all of the servers are on point.
4	Had a blast!  Full of entertainment and laughs.  These ladies know how to work it!  Bowling was very fun too.  Can't wait to go again!
4	Drink and Drag-licious it is.  Bowling, go go dancers, drink specials, floor show, amazing dance music - there was nothing I did not LOVE about this place.  Was a little slow but we had a great time.  If you are doing old Vegas add this to your itinerary for a little old Vegas/ new place fun.
3	This place I think is more for girls to hang -than bi or masc gay guys to hang- if you want an expensive beer before heading over to krave massive you can do that, as drag queens are the bartenders and performing. They have a little dance floor area and bowling which can be good with a group of friends. Pool tables and full bar! Drinks still over priced for being in the downtown area.
1	Would be a great bar/hangout if every song wasn't Rap music. Not sure if it was a fluke, by the DJ seriously needs to play some variety.
2	I was disappointed in the service a few weeks ago. Door hostess was in a bad mood, bowling attendant was was in a bad mood and the bartenders were just rude. Yes it was packed but I've been in there before and everyone had a positive vibe! Bowling price needs to come down a little to!
5	Took my friends here on a Tuesday night and we had a blast. Turned out that  on Tuesday if you play in your underwear you get free bowling and two free drinks. We took the risk and had an AMAZING Tuesday! Will be going back!
5	This place never disappoints! My friends and I always head down here whenever we're downtown bar hopping. There's always a great ambiance, great music, and the friendliest staff. We've never had a problem with anything! We always meet new people whenever we're here. We love Drink & Drag!
4	My friend and I accidentally stumbled across Drink & Drag while trying to find Krave this week (both are in the "Neonopolis" complex just adjacent to the Fremont Street Experience in downtown Las Vegas). As it turned out, Krave wasn't open yet, so we headed into Drink & Drag to kill a couple of hours.Turns out that was a great choice!The bartenders are mostly drag queens with the occasional hot shirtless guy, and they couldn't be nicer. There are also go-go boys dancing on boxes who appreciate whatever you want to stuff into their underwear (tee hee), and occasionally there are fun lip-sync performances from the queens. Plus there's a decent-sized dance floor, not to mention the bowling and billiards that are available.We really had a great time here, and for a Wednesday night it was pretty lively. No cover at the door, either, so I guess that must vary depending on the night of the week... ?The only downside is that some of the drinks are on the pricey side--and $4 for ginger ale seems a little bit excessive. They are pretty big servings, though, so plan accordingly.This is a new favorite spot--I'll definitely be back!
4	A great addition to the Las Vegas LGBT's lackluster nightlife They have a lot to offer in terms of entertaining: drink, drag, billiards, eat, and dance. Located in a tight spot in the Neonopolis near the Heart Attack Grill, you would have never know this place existed if you were a random tourist. Thank god for social media. The drag queens perform every hour or thirty minutes to songs that reflect that night's theme. Last time I went, the queens were clad in hippie-dippy attire and sang "The Age of Aquarius". Major props to the queens for having the charisma, nerve, and talent to lip-synch in heels on top of tables. RuPaul would be proud, honey. What I like most is the abundant seating without feeling congested. A lot of bars on Fremont East are tight and crowded and the air conditioning is on point. Also, the staff are super friendly and courteous. While sitting in our little table, the queens would ask if we've been help through out the night. Thanks, gurl! I've noticed this place attracts a lot of lesbians on Saturdays. So if you're a gay man looking for Mr. Right, then your chances are slim here. But overall, this place is great to grab a drink, watch some lip-synching for your life, and dance.
5	Who knew there were places where you could bowl for free if you strip down to your underwear....I happen to always have a bikini on in Vegas so it worked out. Bowl, Drink, Dance, and Party. Does anyone know this place exists? Seems so tucked into the corner...downtown Las Vegas. No cover....drink & drag rings true to the name. It's a gay bar/bowling alley where the drag queens perform a number and hop onto to the platforms, shaking what their mother or a plastic surgeon gave them. There is also a dance floor there....you know to be honest, I don't really remember the rest of the night, but I know it was a lot of fun.
2	I'm really not sure how this place is getting so many high ratings, perhaps it was just not their night.My friend took me there since I've never been there. The atmosphere was pretty cool, and I like that it's so big and has bowling and pool table options.However, the reason for the two star rating is because of the service, and it was one drag queen specifically. The other staff members were great. My friend and I went to set up two games (bowling) for the three of us, and when she asked us our shoe sizes, and we gave her three different sizes... she said "Three? I thought you said two games" So we said "yeah, two games, three people" and she told us that meant that it was three games. But we just brushed the incident off. When we got  to our lane and put our shoes on, all of our shoes were a size too large, perhaps a misprint on the shoes. So we took our shoes back to ask for smaller sizes and the queen said "We don't have kid sizes." Seriously, we were asking for size 5's instead of 6's.... in adults...obviously. There was no reason to be a bitch. But then we also noted she was drinking while on the job, so I'm sure that was part of it.Also, the bowling computer was faulty and we couldn't put our names in properly.Anyway, it was my first time, and it was only one staff member. The prices (that night, because according to the other ratings, I'm assuming there's no consistency to expect as far as prices go. Just random) were great that night. So, I'll give it another chance.... hopefully that particular staff member won't be there that night. But I think she's some sort of higher-up there. Perhaps a manager?
2	Cute concept with drag waitresses that perform randomly throughout the night.Huge place includes dance floor, bar, and mini bowling alley.Location is good because it's right on Fremont, but it's tucked back in the Neonopolis, so you wouldn't find it unless you were looking. We were in around 10:30 on a Saturday night, and it was pretty busy, but hardly anybody was dancing. Crowd was mixed and kinda weird. It's like the nerdy kids' answer to East fremont.The drinks were average price, but nothing special. No interesting cocktails to speak of, and my vodka-soda was served in a Solo cup.The waiters (resses) were prompt, but not overly friendly like I thought they would be, seeing as how they were all dressed up. On top of that, their performances were just kinda half-assed, but maybe I was in on a bad night.Overall: meh. I can think of 6-7 other places in the area I'd rather go.
1	It would take me so long to describe all of the terrible experiences I have had at this bar.  I kept going back because I liked the idea of it and wanted to support it, but after my fourth TERRIBLE experience the other night, I'm done.  The only pro is the concept -Drag queens, bar with a bowling alley, good ideas.  They completely fail in execution. I am just going to make a list all the cons.Drinks are often poorly made.Poor selection of alcohol.Drinks are not expensive for Vegas but they are for the quality.Many of the DJs are terrible. Some nights they are really on but most nights you just want the music to stop.The bartenders routinely ignore women.The servers are so rude and dishonest.  One night, after particularly bad service my friend paid with a card but tipped in cash.  Apparently the waitress didn't feel like that was enough so she ADDED a $20 tip to the card charge.  My friend didn't know until she got her bank statement.Another time a bartender made our drink wrong.  We pointed it out, not trying to send the drinks back, we just planed on ordering more so we wanted to her to make the future ones right.  She became a total bitch about it and told us she never made drinks wrong and that we were just drunk. (It was 8:30 and this was our first drink.)BOTTOM LINEDrink and drag is less than a block away from many of the best bars in Vegas and most of those bars don't have a cover.  Go to one of them instead.
3	The question was "Do you guys want to go to a bar and be served drinks by drag queens?" The answer was an enthusiastic " YES!".The place was pretty empty when we got there. It was loud, brightly colored and huge inside. The drinks were Vegas cheap and boozier than most you'll find on the Strip. We had entertaining servers throughout our stay. The girls were a hoot and fun to chat up. It was a nice non-Strip stop for us.
2	Very disappointed!Heard so much about this place so we were very surprised! Walked in and immediately greeted... Very good service.The place was dead!!! It was after 9 so drinks weren't on special.. But 8 for a corona!? No thanks!
4	I went with my friends during a bachelorette night. We got there fairly early and the place was dead. But the bartender's were cute with personality and the drag queens hopped up onto platforms every so often to dance. As the night wore on, we had a really good time dancing, but my group of friends were probably the only ones on the dance floor. This place probably would get 3 stars if not for the fact that I got plenty drunk and had an excellent fun night.
2	To be fair, I haven't yet experienced the entertainment here.  I have, however, experienced elements of the service, which is what I'm basing this review on.We planned one night of our Vegas trip around Drink & Drag --it looked like so much fun!  I checked the website and event calendar in advance to make sure we understood what to expect, where to park, what the theme for the evening was, etc.  As suggested on the site, I submitted my name and contact info to be added to the guest list for our chosen night.  I even ended up emailing them with an additional question about the theme (when I do a drag club, I do it right).  I received no response, but thought nothing of it since many businesses don't always check their inbox.We came all the way to Neonopolis from the strip, excited for an evening of drinks, queens, and bowling...to find the place entirely dark and closed up! There was a note on the door saying they were temporarily closed. BUMMER.I get it. Shit happens.  If something forces you to close for a few nights, so be it.  However, it seems like good business sense to update the website to reflect a closure, OR email those who have eagerly signed up for that evening's guest list that there has been a change.  I had been on the website that same afternoon, and according to the calendar we were good to go for Hawaiian themed hula hooping and limbo contests.  Had I been aware the place would be closed, we could have saved ourselves the hefty cab fare and hit up a different drag scene.I hope to return to this place some day and have a great time, but in the future I would definitely CALL first to inquire about the hours, not trust the seemingly unmanned website.  Anyone traveling a distance to Fremont for a little D&D may want to do the same.
4	Was down on freemont with the hubby and have wanted to check this place out.  The queen at the door was cute but once we got inside it was hit or miss with some of the queens with what I was expecting.  Locals pay a $5 cover and I think non locals are $10.  Overall I would return
4	A very fun place! Great Drag Queens, good DJ and good vibe. Bonus- there was no cover the night I went(Sunday).
4	Drink and Drag, I have been there 2 times, people alway seem to be friendly and helpful unless u don't tip, so tip right off the bat and they will come around and serve u well all night long.  I was there 2 different times, but the best time to go is sundays, u can text "drag" to 313131 and get in free, and $1 beers, or discounted mixed drinks. everything cheaper on sundays, but again its a bit slow that night. good mix of people there form the early 20 yo to guys in their 50's, nit a big pick up bar, most guys come with a group of friends, always a few women and str8's there as well.  If u r staying downtown Id say its the place to go on sunday night, but not sure id take the cab ride from the  strip for just this.
3	It was fun but music was lame...they needed to have played something that could be danced to. Not everyone does drugs and digs the rave music...or glow sticks
