4	It is so colorful here and nicely arranged.  The Boulevard carries creative art that would go great in any modern home.  The styles are very diverse, they carry blown glass, paintings, candles, hand-crafted jewelry, and art crafted from wood.  I feel like I am leaving something out, but there are just so many different kinds of home decor here.  I really loved the owner's taste, the only qualm I have is that none of it is really by local artists.  Some is imported from Europe (a lot of the glasswork), and I believe most of the woodwork is fair trade art.  The clerk seemed like she was only really interested in people who looked like they could afford to buy something, and this is understandable, I mean it is a business.  I was just window-shopping, I won't lie.  Although I did love the watercolor painting of what looked like the Lion of Judah; I may come back and pick that up, so don't buy it, haha.  I thought that setting the stores on several levels was interesting and it helped to keep the similar art forms together.  Too many of these places close at five, this one closes at seven, so its a good venture after work.
4	If you're walking around NoDa shopping or checking out a gallery crawl, you must stop at The Boulevard. It's a cool showcase of amazing work by several artists. You could spend a long time there checking out all the paintings, jewelry, clothing, glasswork and other items. The work for sale ranges from cheaper, small items to high-priced artwork and that variety is very nice.
2	Yeah, no.I don't know when buying charms from Michael's and stringing them together with various semi-precious beads became "handmade jewelry" but here we are. To be fair, there was some craft scattered here and there, in the form of rings and some pendants. But the best way I can think to sum this expanse of onesies, wall sconces, football helmet ornaments (you know, for the boys) and frilly blouses (made in China) up is Mother's Day, if your mom isn't aging gracefully. Not my thing.
4	I am such a fan of this gem of a spot!  You have to pop in from time to time as they change the vendors.  Two of my favorite things of all time have come from here.  I was here when one of the stalls contained items from local teens that were designing their own fashions.  I got a pair of boots I wear all winter which are essentially a giant knit black sock with faux fur around the top which is attached to a black boot with a heel.  The sock can go all the way up for tall boots or be pushed all the way down for cute short boots.  I love them!!!  I got the last pair!!!  What a find!  Another time I was here I got a cool crazy snake necklace that had gems all over it - crazzy - i love it!!!Ya some of the stuff is blah but it is definitely worth popping in because the artists change over and you never know what will be there.  Jewelry, clothes, shoes, kitchen items etc etc.  I love this place for shopping for gifts (especially for myself!)  :-D
5	I could seriously spend my entire paycheck at this store. From jewelry, to hats, to clothes, to pet products, to their "man cave" - you can get something for everyone on your list here!Every time I have friends from out of town that want to go shopping I always take them to The Boulevard.
4	The Boulevard said it'd be back - and it is! Located right on the corner of tryon and summit it's still filling in its new space, but there is lots to see already! Jewelry, clothing, home accessories, baby ness, even cute stuff for your pet - it's all here, and of course they're supporting some local artists. I couldn't help picking up a few things on my first visit, but I've made a note of plenty of items that will make perfect christmas gifts. (Also, a check-in unlocks a Yelp Deal!) With adorable dresses under $50, jewelry around $20 and some scarves under $10, I have a feeling I'll be stopping in often to see what new goodies they get in.Parking directly on summit usually isn't a problem, but they do have a sign up directing you towards a parking lot. (Not sure if they're referring to the lot right behind/next to them, which I always hesitate to park in since its right in front of "park it" or the one a bit further down)
5	More retail in South End - hooray! Yep - as Hailey H said, The Boulevard is back and has a new home at the intersection of Tryon, Summit and Camden in the heart of South End. You can park in the lot off of Summit, just around the corner from the store.The space is large and bright, filled with everything from organic bamboo baby wear to local jewelry, clothing, pet gear, cards, to candles. If you're in need of a gift of any sort, this is the place to get it! Prices are certainly affordable - most clothing runs $30-$90, jewelry $10-$80, adorable onesies $15-$25 and even super cool yoga bags made from recycled water bottles will only run you $24. With plenty of great gift items, a beautiful space with a touch of kitsch, The Boulevard is looking great in South End.
4	I can't speak to the jewelry or other items because I made a beeline for the cloth diapers.  This is one of few places in town where I've found a reasonable selection - they had Kawaii, bumgenius and a couple of other brands in stock as well as swimming diapers.  The prices were actually competitive with online retailers - as much as $2 less per diaper for the Kawaii baby one sizes, plus no shipping!  They also sold creams, cloth wipes, I think maybe some detergent.  But yay for doing cloth diapers better than any big box in town!  The vendor for them is "Jack Be Natural", whose full selection is viewable online and according to the woman manning the store (chortle) if you ask, she can get you most of those items even if they're not in store that day.  Score.  I'm currently stuck in baby nest mode but next time I'll check out the pet section.
4	Blown away! While I wasn't a frequent shopper @ the location in No Da, I always enjoyed my bits there to look at what's new.Last night's visit specifically brought me in for the Big Fat Wrapping Party, but I was so "in awe" at how great the place looks! A lot more space than the No Da location, which means no overcrowding of product.  So many goodies & neat what nots, clothing, pet items, jewelry...the list goes on. I definitely made a mental wish list to come back & purchase some things!  I love the baby items, specifically.As Nicole stated, items are affordable. You have to take into account these are local folks, so it's a win win situation.Parking is decent & of course you have the other Camden shops all around, so you can make it a perfect shopping excursion.
4	A super collection of very eclectic and unique jewelry, trinkets, glassware, scarves and all sorts. If you're looking for a gift and been through all the usual places and not found anything that lights you up.I thought the beer bottle tumblers were really cool, but I ended up with a set of unusual fridge magnets.
4	Welcome to the South End neighborhood! The last time I shopped at The Boulevard was when they were in NoDa. It is a welcomed change since it seems like their merchandise has changed and rather than finding one or two pieces I liked, I found myself grabbing at everything in view. The quality of the products seem to be improved.They have lots of fun gift ideas: jewelry, candles, clothing, bags...you name it! It's pleasing to most, if not all, and a friendly price point. It seems to cater to females...since I can't remember any guy item.The sales team were very friendly and kept my hands free by taking what I'd find and holding it at the cash wrap.
4	Such a cute and fun store!  It's a great place to find that perfect gift...oh wait, I kept everything I bought from The Boulevard!  That might have something to do with the sweet baby clothes and accessories, sweet handbags, gorgeous scarves (I went with purple...again, for me), and creative art scattered all through the store.  It was as much fun to browse as it was to check out with my chosen goodies.  You could easily spend a few hours walking around taking everything in so don't fool yourself thinking you can just run in quickly.  I recommend grabbing a latte to sip on while you browse--it's like a museum!  The prices range from great deals to surprisingly high-which is normal when dealing with local artists and designers.  Parking is across the street so if you're like me and tend to buy more than you expected, pray for no rain while you carry all those bags back to the car.
5	So I'm a shopper guy & husband that love this store. I recently purchased several affordable gifts for the holidays for both family, friends and coworkers. The majority of the store are knickknacks, jewelry or clothing for the ladies, but there is a pet area and a "man" area, where you can get of all things, a "mandle". Yep, I received a PBR candle from the wife for Christmas. I purchased a Makers Mark candle for a coworker, got some dog treats for the dog, and some fun knicknacks for the wife.The owners of The Boulevard are friendly and oh so helpful for the husband on the prowl for a last minute gift. Most items are all from local/area artists or designers, so their inventory changes frequently, allowing for frequent trip. Located 100 yards from the Common Market South End, so it's convenient if you're in the area.This guy states "it's as good as it gets!"
5	Eureka!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When the Blvd at NoDa closed, I cried. No metaphorical crying, but real tears on their last day when I went in to buy what I thought would be the last items from the Blvd. But there may be a higher being, soley based on the fact that the Blvd is back!Located in South End this time, my go-to gift store is back in full swing. With lots of windows and natural light, the store is set up much the same as it's previous spot - different groupings of artists and sellers all throughout the store. I don't have kids, but some of their children items were adorbs (damn you, toungue in cheek onsie slogans!). A great mix of prices ye shall find here and I think that's the main draw for me. Have $20 to spend for a co worker's birthday? Want to spend $50 on a nice hand made shawl or necklace for mom? Want to get something to make your significant other "awww" or LOL? All found at the Blvd.
4	I never visited the NoDa spot, but I visited the B for the Big Fat Wrapping Party this past Christmas and had a ball with the owners! They were super cool, very helpful and open and funny. As for the merch, I've worn the jewelry I bought there almost every day since. When do you not need six hammered silver and gold bangles? They were a MUST, and at 3 for $15, a steal! Ditto for the two pairs of earrings. They have so much cute, locally made inventory that you have to make several rounds on the floor. I guarantee you'll see something gorgeous that you missed the first or second time around.In fact, I saw so much that I liked, I was almost afraid to come back. But, yeah, you get over that...
5	Get out the AmEx!  A great little boutique convenient to center city, Dilworth, Wesley Heights, Wilmore and SouthEnd with unique gifts and offerings!  Paper Skyscraper is a great place to buy stuff for my gay friends or co-workers, but I was stumped recently when I needed to buy something for my mom's birthday. I visited Boulevard not because they had clothes that would appeal to my mom, but they had neat little gifts like quaint ceramic bird candles or bird houses or grapeseed beauty product gift baskets.  They also have cute and inexpensive jewelry that make great sursees for friends or a splurge for yourself (like Greenmarketgirl's eco cuffs!)  They have cute homemade stuff that isn't available everywhere but at reasonable prices and great service.  Stuff changes all the time, so stop in!
5	Love this place! They have such a range of beautiful things that are all so unique.  I want them all!
4	I love shopping local and this place is the epitemy of that.  Located on South Tryon it's not a far venture from uptown or Southend.  The interior is chock full of unique items that will complete your desire for unique home furnishings, clothing and accessories.I popped in there and once past the furnishing I noticed the clothing and while the majority is geared towards women there is a little section for us guys.  I picked up a cool wallet, watch and a gift for my son.  Everything is just so unique and that's important to me because I don't want to see something I'm wearing on someone else if I can help it.The service here is fantastic and probably some of the most pleasant smiles you'll find in Charlotte.
4	I *rarely* venture to SouthEnd/Dilworth, etc.  Lack of parking gives me the itches but after deciding that I had just about all of work that I could take for today, I took an early lunch and headed over to one of my Yelp bookmarks, The Boulevard at South End.  (and there is street parking, and a small lot to serve the patrons of this strip of shops)What a delightful store!  Artwork, unusual cards, jewels, kitchen items, totes and bags, clothes (I am a fatty, so I didn't even bother to look at the clothing, but there were some cute items for average sized gals), candles, Charlotte items, button/bottle openers from Not Made In China (a coworker's button business), small furniture items - just a little bit of everything, wow!  And most everything I saw was reasonably priced and very affordable.Jennifer, who assisted me, was so sweet and helpful.   I had a Yelp check-in offer pop up for 15% off of an item and she applied that towards the heavy ceramic travel mug that I got.  I also found a cute hair clip bow that I decided I need to add a little whimsy to my day and my 'do.When in need of gift items or something unique and special for myself, I will definitely be making another trip to The Boulevard at South End!
5	Love this place!  The owners are super nice!  Its Great for gifts, clothes and handmades....plus my jewelry is here!  Jewels by Julia!
4	I love this place!  Everything has really been said in the other reviews so I don't need to rehash everything but I just wanted to add my endorsement as well!  This is the place you can go to add some funky pieces to your wardrobe or jewelry collection or to accessorize your home!  This is also the place you can go if you need to impress an out of town guest and want to show them a trendy local spot here in Charlotte.  This is ALSO the place you can go to pick up a gift for pretty much any occasion. Great shop that has ever-changing inventory so it never gets old!  Check them out!
5	I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE the Boulevard. It's fun for gifts for others...or yourself!! ;-) I have found some of the most unique jewelry at some of the best prices. I love their small selection of clothing as well. The ladies are so helpful and fun each time I get a chence to go in. Let's just say....everytime I go, even tho I have no plans to buy something...I leave with something cute, unique, and fun. Can't wait to make my next trip!
5	#LOVEIT!What a great little store with just about everything in there.  If you are looking for something for someone and you dont know what to get...this is your place.  They have tons of cute little things. Also, lots of home goods for yourself.  Not to mention, really great prices.They even have a little clothing section...with cute stuff!  And reasonable prices.I was visiting and I really liked seeing a Chicago wallet.  WHOOP!  Its the little things!
5	Lovely little shop in South End packed with mostly local goods. They have a little something for everyone and this is a great place to browse and pick up gifts. Art prints, tons of handmade jewelry, greeting cards, home decor (including some unique pieces of furniture), serving ware, beauty and skincare products, and clothing and accessories--the shop is full of goodies but still easy to navigate (not crowded like similar stores tend to be).
5	This shop is such a great place to shop.  ALL of the items are unique - most of it made by local artisans.  Great gift ideas.  Beautiful clothes & jewelry that are so affordable, I had to ask if the prices were right. Don't miss the opportunity to experience this great little shop!!
4	Very cute things for your house plus jewelry/accessories.  Friendly staff - helpful, but not overbearing.  I'll be back and I'm telling others!
