4	Appearances can be deceiving!  From the outside, it looks like an old house, but on the inside, such a cute romantic date restaurant.  The service was superb!  The server was very attentive, but not overbearing.  The food was reasonably priced with large portions.  The menu was quite overwhelming with lots of choices!  I will definitely return again to try something else!
2	It was probably a nice restaurant twenty some years ago: the locale is a converted pretty Victorian with stain-glass windows; the bar area displays a disused grand piano propping up bottles of wine; the dining room still sports a pastel palette of sea foam and salmon; and framed 80's posters of the same color scheme grace the walls. The menu is marginally more updated than the decor. Some dishes remind me of food fads from the 90's (e.g., the chef seems to have a penchant for meat and fruit pairing). Overall, the menu is too long and rambling without a theme, covering everything from the Baja to the Mediterranean. The food was unremarkable. The bread tasted like a generic supermarket baguette; it was served with olive oil and powdery parm (i.e., from the green can). For appetizers, we ordered the prosciutto and figs as well as the trout and peaches. They were probably the highlight of the meal, but the portions were tiny, and the ingredients were not the best. For the main course, I tried their fish taco, which was on the bland and dry side. Summary: if you are ever nostalgic for "fine dining in a small American town during the 80's," this place is for you.
1	Every time I have been to Cafe Sam I have been very disappointed.  On my most recent visit, the waiter was overbearing, the menu confusing, and the food unremarkable.  Avoid this place.
2	Gotta say, I'm not a fan of this place. The prices were very high for the quality of food. Not that the food was bad, but it wasn't great, and for the price it certainly wasn't good enough. The wait staff was nice, and was attentive, but would forget things and made our bill ( true it was a party of 10) a freaking nightmare. 2 waitresses recording their own bill, so two bills with everyone's items on both bills just randomly. Confusing, and a pain. The place it self is nice, but when the food isn't very good and way over priced, and the bar is SUPER over priced what's the point?
4	Cafe Sam has a cool Pittsburgh vibe. It's a bit funky but the food is good and interesting and their menu offers a lot of choices. I went with a group and we all had the Prix Fixe menu. It was a little bit pricey, but I think it was well worth it.
4	Extreemly dated on the inside- the menu was pretty broad, everything from lots of pasta selections lamb, to duck, to burgers and hotdogs..  We had great drinks, appetizers, salads, and entrees.
5	It was awesome. Pampered by the hostess, Mary. Lots of complementary extras. Great for romantic dinner too (although I went alone)
5	This is the strangest place, but I love it!  From the outside, I would guess this place used to be a funeral home.  It's very strangely decorated on the inside.  The main dining room is a weird pink and green, extremely dated and in the middle of the room, there is this huge odd fake flower display.That said, the food is super yummy!  They give bunches of samples while you are waiting.  The wait staff is really nice.  I had the filet mignon and it was amazing.  Others at the table got different items, and I tried a little bit of everything.  All very good.  The menu is really strange, and like another said, there is no theme.  But, everything sounds good.I have never been a huge fan of the Pittsburgh dining scene, but I really like this place despite its odd decor.  Skip the faux fancy pants places and try this.  (Oh and it's also very reasonably priced).
5	Ate here yesterday for the first time.  Definitely a fan of the vibe - we sat up on the roof patio and it was like a garden oasis in the middle of the Baum/Center eyesore.  The decor managed to almost completely block out the view of Ritters and the UPMC parking lot next door - a major plus.  The inside was, as others have already commented, very pastel and outdated, reminding me of my grandmother's 80th birthday party.  Definitely could use an overhaul in my opinion, but then again there were quite a few old ladies there, so maybe they just know their crowd.  I'll cut to the chase: the food was GREAT.  For not super expensive, there were large quantities, many options, a very helpful waitress who helped us make some very difficult choices, and a clear willingness to tailor anything on the menu to suit our needs.  One last thing about the service, which is what earns Cafe Sam its 5th star -- we were running late to see a play after dinner, which was our own poor planning.  But as soon as we alerted the waitress to the situation, she bent over backwards to get us our food as quickly as possible, take-out containers so we could finish on the road, and the check paid without delay.  It was definitely above and beyond the call of duty, and we wouldn't have made it on time without her help.Great food, great service, weird but nice decor.  I'll definitely be back.
5	My fave lunch place. Mary, the hostess, and waitstaff are all very friendly. Wonderful, healthful food in a relaxing atmosphere.Try an Ahi Tuna salad!
1	Not great. Stale bread and the food was strongly over-flavored. I had a glass of wine and was asked if I wanted another, and I said "just a half glass" which I ask for all the time (and get). The reply from the waitress was "we can't do that" and the same from the manager. CAN'T do that? Terrible attitude - more like WON'T do that. Well, I WON'T be going back
2	I came to Cafe Sam with high hopes.  Ritter's Diner is directly across the street and I eat there all the time.  In my mind a place can only  get better.  As our party of three walks in we are promptly seated by the manager.  Looking over the menu, we all decide on what we want and order:French OnionBuffalo Chicken Medallions Fish Tacos with salsa and guacamoleCheeseburger (medium) with apple sauce and potato saladSide of FriesWater and Iced Tea with LemonBread with butter, olive oil infused with pumpkin, and our drinks soon arrive.  ALERT: The tea is flavored.  I really do dislike flavored teas, but I put extra lemon in mine to cover the foul taste and continued on.  The bread was slightly aged as the crust was somewhat hard.  The olive oil was fairly tasteless, but fresh.  I would never use a light olive oil for tasting purposes like Cafe Sam did.  While it was an interesting thought to add pumpkin seeds -- this is the current theme -- they didn't add that much to the oil.  At least the butter was soft rather than frozen.As we planned work for the next next day, our Buffalo Chicken Medallions arrived.  They need to remove the "s" from Medallions as there was only piece.  In fact, they need to remove "medallion" and "buffalo" from the name and call it something else.  It was just a piece of chicken breast dredged in Cajun seasoning with a few stray strands of cheese melted on it.  Don't get me wrong, it didn't taste bad; but a better name would have been "Cajun Chicken Breast" rather than what they call it now.  As I ate the chicken, the French Onion Soup arrived.  This crock of soup looked exceptionally good.  The cheese on top was browned to the proper point.  I took the spoon and cut in with a voraciousness as I could taste it already.  When I put the first bite in my mouth though, the flavor was flat.  I took another bite and it was the same thing.  This wasn't French Onion soup with layers of flavor, but an onion broth that had some cheap, melted cheese on top.  It didn't taste bad, but anyone could make this soup.I ate half the soup and passed it on to my friend to finish along with the rest of the chicken breast.  I didn't want to eat too much and then not be able to eat the main course.  As my friend finished the soup our entrees arrived.  The cheeseburger was served on a piece of a larger sesame baguette and came well done rather than the requested medium.  I didn't try it due to the fact it was overcooked and had sesame seeds.  I did try the apple sauce and the potato salad, though.  The potato salad was just not tasty.  One bite and I didn't want to take another.  The apple sauce, on the other hand, was quite tasty -- I wouldn't call it apple sauce, though.  It was more along the line of fried apples -- some damn tasty fried apples.As I wasn't having any of the cheeseburger, I ate all of the fish tacos.  The tacos arrived presented on a sprinkling of iceberg lettuce.  I would think that they should make it a bed of lettuce or just omit it all together.  I am for the latter over the former as I don't eat iceberg lettuce -- no nutrients, just water.  While the fish didn't have bad flavor, it was a tad overcooked.  When I started to eat the tacos, this wasn't a big deal.  As the fish cooled off, though, they started to get too hard for their own good.  The fish tacos need to be cooked less, especially with the fact that they are using white, flaky fish, which is easily overcooked.  At least the guacamole was fresh and tasted good.All in all, this was a lackluster event.  If not for the fried apples, guacamole, and great service this would have been a one-star.  I don't know that I would ever willingly return since I was in sticker shock when our server brought our check.  The price was not commensurate with the quality of the food.  People complain about the quality of the food at Ritter's diner, but the food is actually commensurate to the price that you pay.  When I pay over $20 a person to eat, I expect better than diner fare.
5	Listen...it's quirky but the right food is great. The seafood cocktail is awesome, and its the only restaurant in pittsburgh to be affordable about lamb tongue, escagot, and other things u may have always wanted to try. Vegan additions lately. Think all encompassing (largest menu ever) diner except better and fancier quirky environment.  Patio outside upstairs too. Sometimes i get the duck. Yum.
5	This is my go-to place for dates, in-town visitors, nice occasions. Been a customer for years and have no plans to change that. While it has several notable flaws, the all-around strengths of this establishment make it a top any-occasion choice in Pittsburgh. Situated in what looks like a small white house than you'd never see unless looking for, this is a quirky, unique interior. There is a piano at the bar, and a mannequin sitting there you'd swear was real until you looked with a startled grin. One of two managers always greet you and check in at least once at your table. They are friendly, solicitous, and helpful. The service can be under-experienced at times, but always, ALWAYS pleasant and helpful. They bring out a card at the beginning of each meal and read of a seemingly endless list of specials not on the menu. These are amazing - they vary from the simple (pierogies fried in butter and onions) to the weird (duck mousse and pita). As if these aren't options aren't enough, your large menu, including seafood, steak, meats, and pastas, has each option prepared in your choice of three different ways. This makes it perfect for the picky and the adventurous both. A winning touch is the staff that circulates with free drink samples and hors-douvres. I've been to many a restaurant and yet to find any at this level that offer this touch of service that makes you glad you're there. The price for all this is quite fair! After taking my mother there and having a drink, appetizers, salads, dinner, and dessert, the check was under $70 with tip. I don't think these prices can be beat. The cons are only two: (1) Not every dish is executed well. They strive to be new, adventurous and different, and don't always succeed; (2) I'm a huge fan of desserts and, though there's always quite the variance, I've yet to have one that I enjoyed. The coconut ice cream was in particular a failure: vanilla ice cream with tasteless, dry coconut flakes on it is pretty inexcusable. All in all, I couldn't really recommend a place more highly for any occasion more fancy than McDonald's and less fancy than Ruth's Chris.
4	Great flavor, nice ambiance, and delightful evening.
5	Their stroganoff is amazing! They have different specials everyday so variety is good. I go their every time I'm in Pittsburgh doing hospital stuff since its about 10 minutes away from UPMC. I had one occasion where the food was burnt but I said something and they immediately fixed it. The atmosphere is warm and relaxing. Like a candle lit. The people are friendly, and not overbearing or intimidating. They know their menu and make it a goal to cater to everyone's dining needs. I go here every time I come to pittsburgh(:
5	We were in Pittsburgh for an open house weekend at Pitt. We were so impressed with the food and the excellent service that we came back twice during our stay. A new favorite in Pittsburgh.
2	Huge menu, reasonably price, extremely mediocre food, with a nice plate of chocolate chip cookies with your bill.  I ate here when it first opened 20 years ago and it was good back then.  But over the years it has gone down hill.  Way down hill.  I won't go back.  It kind of reminds me of food you'd eat at when you are stuck in an airport.
2	The restaurant has a nice setting and pleasant decor, but the food is seriously lacking.  I always know it's going to be trouble when the menu is excessively long... that says to me that the restaurant does many things, but really nothing well.  And that's exactly what I got at Cafe Sam.  I had a pulled pork sandwhich that was bland, dry, and not particularly well put together.  My girlfriend had a similarly bland meal.  It was fine for lunch while we killed time waiting on the dealership to finish working on her car, but I won't be back by choice.  Toast!  down the street is a better option - wish they were open for lunch.
5	This place I'd fun and friendly. The food I'd wonder for the moderate price. American style food and atmosphere is casual and comfortable. I highly recommend this place.Try it you'll love it.
5	This place, in a word, rules. My wife and I went on Monday night, which happily turned out to be $4 house wine night! Chardonnays in hand, we perused the menu, which is quite the daunting task. They've got a wide array of stuff on there, and usually, that's kind of a flag for me. A lot of places that offer that wide a range of stuff tend to be...well, just okay at a lot of foods, not great at many.Cafe Sam, though, was delicious across the board. Our calamari in General Tso sauce, our Ahi tuna skewers, the zesty housemade Buffalo chips, my gigantic, 12-ounce burger at a perfect medium rare, my wife's angel hair pasta with langostino...I was impressed by all.We went late in the evening, so we missed the rush. The dining room was pretty much all ours, and we struck up some conversation with the manager, who was very friendly but not intrusive to our date night. She brought us samples of a couple different dishes, like their pigs in a blanket (a slice of all-beef frank with bell pepper relish, cheeses, wrapped in a toasted tortilla), the aforementioned Buffalo chips (served usually at the bar), and a yummy shot of mulled rum apple cider.The service was excellent, the food even better -- and the dessert? Four words: Jager. Root Beer. Float. I hope whoever dreamed that up got a MacArthur grant, because they're a freaking genius.I should also note, the prices on everything were great -- you get a lot of bang for your buck. Without a doubt, I recommend.Oh, and be sure to ask about the mannequin at the bar; it's a neat story!
5	My husband and I love this restaurant.  The menu has something for everyone.  We have brought out-of-town guests to Cafe Sam many times. We've also celebrated holidays at Cafe Sam.  We have never had a bad meal.  If you're looking for a friendly setting with delicious food, this is a great choice.
4	Wonderful food and excellent service. Staying at the family house on Centre Ave and this restaurant was a nice place to relax and eat a good meal. The hospital doesn't offer healthy choices in their cafeteria so I appreciated the change. 1/12/14 update. Ate here again...two nights in a row. Food was great but service was pretty bad. Waitress not attentive at all...made assumptions about me being finished,  never checked back to see if everything was ok, never asked if I wanted anything else. Gotta drop from 5 to 4 stars.
5	Great experience. Staff was quite attentive and seemed to genuinely care about our experience. Allowed us to sample a couple appetizers. Most of the items we had for dinner (appetizers, entrees and dessert)
5	We have been meaning to try Cafe Sam for some time after having a nice time a few years ago at the bar. I made reservations for Valentines Day, in which a Pre Fixe menu was offered. I had a terrific appetizer of Naan bread with cheese and homemade sausage, steak and cabbage soup that was unique and quite good and a main course of Salmon with a General Tso sauce. The fish was cooked perfectly and the sauce was delicious with a side of sweet mashed potatoes. My wife also was highly complimentary about her meal, fresh breaded calamari, a salad wedge with an Asian dressing,  a German breaded pork dinner with spatzel. During the whole dinner a server walked around to each table offering samplings of various tasty appetizers. At the end ... Homemade ice creams and terrific dessert offerings. Done?  Nope... Included was a glass of champagne with strawberries, and then...with the check chocolate covered strawberries!!!. Service? The waitress was super friendly and the manager/host Dan was known by all. Definitely a place of regulars who know a good thing when they find it. To say that my expectations were exceeded would be an understatement. I am recommending this place without any hesitations and we definitely plan to return with friends. Well done Cafe Sam!
2	As much as I love the food here, I'm sad to say this is likely our last time coming here. I realize that coming as a party of 5 on Saturday night without a reservation is usually tough to accommodate, yet I was pleasantly surprised when the hostess told me they would move a table around and it would be about 10 minutes. We waited for 15-20 minutes and watched about 4 parties get sat before we asked what was taking so long since she had told us they were just moving a table. The hostess was very defensive and said that we shouldn't expect to get sat so soon without a reservation on a Saturday night, so we asked why she told us it would be 10 minutes. She then said that she needed to seat people with reservations before she could seat us and completely refused to acknowledge that she had given us a misleading wait time. I understand that it's hard to guage wait times, but when you're wrong you should simply apologize and not blame the guests for how they planned their evening. When we finally got sat, our server Angel was very good and the Buffalo style salmon steak is delicious. I really like the food here, but the fact of the matter is their customer service tonight was inexcusable. Even when the customer is wrong, you don't blame them and say "I'm sorry, but..." You simply apologize and try to defuse the situation instead of getting defensive and escalating the situation. If the hostess had simply said "I apologize for the wait taking longer than expected, we should be able to seat you in 5 minutes" and thanked us for our patience there would never have been an issue. I love the food, but I won't be coming back.
5	I was totally blown away by our Mother's Day meal at Cafe Sam.  The dishes were creative and well presented.  The prices were very reasonable for the quality.  Our waitress, Corrin was delightful and smart and friendly and lovely.  The menu was as good as it gets.  I wanted to tear a page out and hand it to the waitress and ask her to bring me this.   A great value, plenty of parking.  Why would anybody go to the Olive Garden or Red Lobster.  This was better and cheaper.  Next visit to Pittsburgh, I'll be back.
2	The restaurant operates out of a renovated brothel...my brother and I dined at the bar...which had various house infused liquors...(maple whiskey...peppercorn vodka...cherry vodka...pickled gin... Dirty vodka..others)..we ordered the buffalo chicken medallions for appetizer...which were at best average ...my top shelf long island was average....food delivery was slow and the bartender was occupied for a whoke before taking our order...the bathrooms are dated....it seems like this restaurant is catered to 50+...the dining hall was not busy but our appetizer took nearly 20 minutes to come out and our entree over 30 minutes..my snapper was average on a bed of collard greens.  ..whipped sweet potatoes average again and creamed kake was definitely average.  ..the host brought out complimentary marinated mushrooms which were pretty good after our dinner...our dessert was chocolate cake a la mode..which was a cold cake with a small scoop of strawberry ice cream on the side.  The chocolate cake again at best average...the bill came to 90 with my brother ordering the cod and a beer. I had a Bailey's on ice which was probably the best thing I ordered...
4	A low light ambience without the distraction of kitchen noise in the background makes this a good place to go if you like conversation as much as food. There is also a bar in the adjacent room, with a friendly bartender and a low key feel to it. You can wait on the front porch before being seated at a table as well. I think this would be a good place to bring a date or for a small gathering of family or close friends. Dress was from general business down to shorts and a t shirt with most patrons somewhere in the middle.A wide variety of tasty options was available on the menu and I had some trouble picking between them. I went with the salmon and was pleased. A medium cooked steak, ordered by my dinner partner, came out as a rare, and after we brought it to their attention, I'm pretty sure they just microwaved it in the back. Service was 4/5.
5	My boyfriend and I had dinner here tonight and it was amazing! I read that it was hard to get seated so we made a reservation. We were seated as soon as we arrived. It was not very crowded at all but that could have been because it was late. We had the ahi tuna tartar and Italian sausage for our appetizers. My boyfriend had the porterhouse with parsley potatoes which came with a vinegar base slaw and baked apples. I had the filet with pasta which came with the same slaw and apples. We also had the pear tart for dessert... Everything we had was delicious!! I would recommend giving this place a try for sure. It will likely become our Friday night date spot! :)
5	We have not been to this restaurant in quite sometime. What a great lunch menu. Highly recommend checking out.
3	Went for dinner on a Saturday evening.  The service was rather slow but in the end the food was good.  I had the salmon salad, the filet was a nice size and I felt full after eating.  My boyfriend had the pork chop dinner which was also good. We chose the place because were were looking for a low-light ambience which Cafe Sam has but the service made the experience a little less than desirable.  OH..the drinks.  I ordered a Riesling which didn't quite taste like one (more bitter/dry than what I've tasted before) and my boyfriend ordered a Yuengling draft which he said tasted watered down.   Meh..it was an okay place.
