3	Adventuredome formerly call Grand Slam Canyon behind the West Tower of Circus Circus.  A small, indoor amusement park in the pink dome.  Rollar coasters, water ride, bumper cars, sling shot, laser blast, arcade and smaller rides.  $23 for an all day pass.  I can see maybe 2-3 hours but not all day, great for teens.
4	I have a deep abiding love for amusement parks and good roller coasters.  Although the Adventuredome's Canyon Blaster is a small roller coaster and doesn't have the bells and whistles of the other ones of the Strip but it's by far the best.  The ride, although fairly short, is really smooth.  It's a well maintained coaster for as long as its been around.  The line moves quickly.  It's just awesome.There are other good attractions here too.  A small laser tag game, a flume ride, a dragon swing, other spinny vomit inducing rides.  It's a good little place with good little rides.  I approve.
3	Not terribly thrilling... but I can see a 12 year old going nuts in here. The roller coaster was fun but I wouldn't pay $$$ to go on it a second time. I *do* love indoor rollercoasters though...
3	Wow. Whenever my parents went to Vegas, we'd always stay at the Circus Circus; That way I could hang out with my older brothers at the Adventuredome and they could gamble or do whatever it is they did in the hotel room.I remember loving this place back then. My brothers did too. I have a far different perspective now. It's small, loud, crowded, and none of the rides really impress. I guess the roller coaster is decent.It's also quite an eyesore from the outside.It's great for tweens and probably  younger teens. Not a place that an adult or even an older teen would really get kicks from, in my opinion. Some adults may enjoy the little side shops they have, which include such attractions as custom airbrushed caps and tees, custom painted name signs, your name on a grain of rice, and other things of that nature.
3	Very dull boring rides. Maybe 3 good rides for me. But otherwise it stinks. Dont waste your money on a all day pass parents. Head over to the midway where lots of chinese people operate the carnival games. Ask one of them for a plastic bag, and fork out a dollar and win some stuffed animals. I won a whole bag full, and checked it in on the plane. Lol. Their is also a McDonalds up their, so save some money for a big mac. I remember, me and my bro were at this one game where you throw balls onto cups. Or somehting. And the lady asked if i could open this little asian medicine canister. I did, and asked if i could have another round. I though she said yes, so i grabbed another ball and she threatned me to turn me in to the cops. WOW. if your reading this lady, screw you.
4	We went to take our 7 yr old last weekend and they were having a blood drive giving FREE 2 person passes($50). So after 15 minutes -2 cookies & a juice I got to ride everything in the park with no lines, no  waits and for the first time in awhile-all the rides were operational. The best rides are Invertor,Disc-o,chaos,rim runner & canyon blaster. A very inexpensive adventurepark. FREE to enter
1	beware of the vending machines -they steal your money and are almost always empty-they will NOT refund your loss.Also 1/2 the video games eat your money too.
2	The first time I came here (as a kid), I thought the place was magical.  Rides, games, food, and fun.  I have fond memories of my time spent here.  But my return visit a couple years ago?  Man, I must have been an insane kid.  This place was boring as all hell, kind of dirty, and way too pricey.
2	Yeah - not coming back here for a while. The coaster was ok - it was a little rough and I blacked out for half a second during the loops. From the looks of it, all the games seemed pretty lame/not fun -- just funny-looking. I do like how big the place is and how there are plenty of places to explore. Adventuredome is ghetto...straight up.
1	Unless you're below the age of 10 (or are traveling with kids), you will not enjoy the Adventuredome.It is a waste of time and money.
5	This review is based on my kids' enjoyment, and not of mine. They are 5 and 8 year old boys, and they like anything fast. They have both already experienced a freefall bungee. First of all, they will let your little kid ride anything. My kids rode on the roller coaster, the slingshot ride and just about anything else they want. At six flags, they will have to wait at least another 3 years to ride the kind of stuff they rode here. Anyways, I don't think you could spend more than 5 hours here without getting bored, but for 25 bucks a person, you can't beat the value, especially in Vegas.
3	Considering this city doesn't have that many kid-friendly activities, I think this place is a great option to entertain the under 18 crowd. Obviously, if you compare it to Disneyland, Six Flags, Knott's Berry Farm, Bush Gardens or a number of any other big name parks Adventuredome pales in comparison. It is small and they only have about 25 rides and attractions. But if you live in Vegas or just visiting this will probably be one of your kid's favorite stops.We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't very crowded at all. Lines for rides were short and the longest wait was about 5 minutes. There are a few rides that are decent, like the Canyon Blaster roller coaster, Disk'O, Slingshot, and Chaos but don't expect to be blown away with excitement. The scariest thing about the rides is knowing that they're old and don't look like they're in the best shape. Combine that with the disinterest and "I wish I was anywhere but here" mentality of the teen employees operating the rides and the fear factor will increase.They do have a few rides for really young kids, which my two year old loved. He just barely cleared the 36" minimum required to ride and was thrilled to try things out. He looked a little unsure and scared on a couple rides at first, but when they started up he was laughing and smiling. He was so excited about the Frog Hopper (kids sit in a seat and bounce up and down), Miner Mike (roller coaster), and Road Runner (spins around and up and down) that he ran back to the line to ride them over and over again.This park is probably best for younger kids, as older kids and adults will lose interest after a couple hours. But, it's still a fun place to go for the afternoon since there are no other amusement parks around. All day passes are $24.95. $14.95 for anyone under 48" tall.
1	This is coming from your average viewpoint of a 15 year old kid in Vegas looking for fun. Honestly, i would not recommend going here for so-called "fun". Adventuredome has been running ever since I can remember moving here. This "theme" park has about 6 different themes going on from all the times the makers of the park tried to change it into an attention grabber. The same rides are low standard and smell gross & the $30 they make you pay for a wristband is ridiculously TOO HIGH for this low quality "adventure" park inside this dome. In all honesty, this place needs to shut down for a year and rebuild everything or just needs to go out of business in general. Lame, do NOT attend!
2	I was here all afternoon. The place is dirty and filthy. Out of control, roudy, foul mouthed unsupervised kids everywhere. I'd say 85% of the place is low income Mexicans. We saw the first brawl within 10 minutes of arriving, then the second brawl an hour later. No security guards. In fact they should have had policemen with shotguns patrolling the place.This hotel is very cheap (rooms and food) and it attracts the low income crowd. So be prepared.Food prices outrageous - $6 hot dog and $4 cup of soda.
3	I went to Adventuredome on a weekday with 4 of my cousins and our ages range from 14 - 18 years old. It's a mix of rides and a midway. I have to agree with most people that this park is meant for younger teens to kids. In Las Vegas where there aren't many places for kids and teens to hang out this is the place to be,but if you are person seeking extreme thrills like those that could be found at a normal park like CGA or six flags, this isn't the place for you, but if you're looking for something to do with kids, or a bored teenager with nothing better to do, adventuredome will keep you entertained.The regular prices for each ride is rape, I recommend an all day pass.
3	SO, this is what you call an amusement park. NO! this place smells like piss and mold because of the water ride. the rides are so nausiating and cause head aches. This is not my idea of fun for adults. the last 2 times i came here i puked, id rather hang in the mid-way at circus circus. But its great for kids :)
4	The Adventure dome in Circus Circus is amazing. Meant for kids all ages! It's the biggest and the best indoor theme park I've ever been to. Good place to take your kids when you go to vegas
4	I love thisplaceI must have played laser tag for about 8 hours in one daythe only problem is that everythjing is pretty expensive
3	Once there was another theme park owned by MGM with the famed Sky Screamer, but it didn't last in Las Vegas (since turned into Signature condo-tel). So, this one is indoors and just for the kids (adults can partake but it's not big, and might not impress you anyway). This is an Entertainment Book participant- buy one wristband, get one free (BOGO coupon)- a good value. If you want to get out of the summer heat, come here and your kids will at least have some fun on The Strip. Lots of rides and laser tag, but it's like a mini-version of a theme park, all around. I used to come here a lot when I was younger (in my 20s). If your kids still aren't tuckered out, take them to the Midway in the casino. Halloween event here- I went once; it was ok (Scream Park at the MGM was the best).
1	Total waste of time. We went on a Monday afternoon, and we walked around for 20 minutes trying to give Adventuredome an outrageous $16 ($8 per person) for a 1 minute roller coaster ride, but every ticket kiosk was closed. The few that were manned pointed us to other kiosks on the other side of the park, which all turned out to be closed (one was closed for "counting inventory"). The automated ticket machines they pointed us to, which looked like they were built in 1980, didn't even turn on. Eventually we gave up and spent another 15 minutes trying to find the exit so that we could return to the dumpiest casino we went to in Vegas.
3	My Son and I enjoy coming here once a year for Fright Dome, which is when they turn the entire theme park into a haunted theme park.  There are several haunted experiences and they offer a fast pass, which can get you in/out of all of the attractions quickly....well worth the extra $30 or so.Other than that, we don't come here.Will I return?  Only during Halloween season.
3	The rides are fun and cheap if you coupon the all day bracelet. The lines were quite short, even though there were 350000 people in town for new years. We basically walked on to rides, as much as you want with no waiting. The irony is, the rides take you high enough to see the filth sitting atop the high places. Were so used to the immaculate Disney land and bellagio clean streets, this place was pretty dirty. The rides seem like they all need maintenance and cleaning. A lot of them had broken cars, and the inverter was completely down. Bottom line is that the kids had fun and were exhausted, so they slept and I got to gamble more! Ha ha ha
1	Sadly, this place has become rundown. Not even the Circus Circus clown can lift its spirits.  I guess the protracted recession has kept away the families that once roamed this pretty good size amusement park on a rooftop here in Las Vegas. Or maybe it goes back farther, when it's hey day was when all of Vegas was trying to cater to families like Disneyland. That all changed back about 10 years ago to Sin City again. Not so family friendly in Vegas anymore. The Stratosphere no longer has a rollercoaster on top. And walking on the strip to watch the Pirates of the Caribbean fight for free is a little risky, when walking there your little kids get handed nude post cards of out call hookers by hired hand latinos shoving it into every hand that walks by. In fact, I don't think they perform that pirate boat battle anymore on the strip. Only the Bellagio fountains and the Mirage Volcano are left. Times have been tough in this valley after all. It was early April, but apparently most kids were not on Spring Break yet, as this place was pretty dead in traffic. Consequently, either due to the lack of a Spring Break crowd, or the recession keeping families taking more staycations, this big fun house has become like many arcades across the country...run down and in disrepair.The water ride wasn't open; neither were many of the carnival like booths with games of skill. A lot of the Arcade like video game machines were old and tired, with burning out CRTs that were losing color or the picture entirely, and eating your money and not giving it back. I had to do the mortorcycle race machine blind, I couldn't see the track because the screen was too dark. Hell, even the 3 old school fortune tellers, you know, those heads in a box that would spit out a cryptic piece of paper for a few coins, they all ate your coins and spit out Nada. Nada thing. You invisible fortune would be: a sucker is born every minute.  Many of the food vendors were short handed or closed. What's a carnival without your ubiquitous churros? None to be found. And then, the Circus Circus hotel is......well.....a Circus! So much so, it bears repeating. The real carnival acts are the people who roam the halls here, looking like people even Gerry Springer wouldn't put on TV.  Makes the trailer trash walking along the Fremont Street Experience on the Old North Strip look like America's Next Top Models.
4	All I can say is NICE! I enjoyed having an amusement park in my adult Disneyland. It was a nice break from the gaming. However, Circus Circus itself was extremely dingy and tacky and dirty and packed with kids. But what could I expect? I am not a big fan of roller coasters but I love little thrill rides like the disco and the pirates ship and bumper cars! Fun times.
4	This place is soooo bad, it's great ! ! !Reminds me of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas "circus circus is what the whole hep world would be doing if the Nazi's had won the war"This place is confusing yet interesting while drunk. But remember, marijuana is a felony is Nevada...I'm just saying.
2	This place must have been spectacular in its hay days but on this day we went, 5/5/11 thursday, it was like the scene of a horror movie.  We took my 3 and 5 yr old girls here and were expecting something exciting and it just didnt cut it.  My 5 year old probably had a blast because she got to go around twice on the rides but my younger one wasnt enjoying it.  There are probably a total of twenty rides about six for the ages 1-5 but this place felt like a ghost town and seemed like we were the only ones there.  They do have a cool 4D theater that played a Sponge bob show and Miguel show but my girls hated getting sprayed in the face with the water mist hahaha too funny.  They have booth games and arcade games in this place and the kids would have a blast but if your kids already went to Disney and Six flags then this place might be crap for them.  A couple of thier rides were down that day but i think it was the older kids rides.  I dont get how you would pay all this money then be told a couple of thier rides are down. Scam? I guess.  All the ride controller people appeared like they hated thier job because there wasn't  any good customer service, but then again thats how all circus people are like zombies lol.       Make sure if you do go to double check with thier schedule for days and hours of operation because there are some weeks or days they are closed for what ever reason.  The are also coupons that give a $5 off discount that you might be able to get from any casino front desk.  I wouldnt spend my own money here again because i felt it wasnt that exciting (and i love theme parks) and it was a sorry excuse for a theme park.  This place comes no where close to even your average state or county fair and i dont think its worth your money, but just like everything in Vegas its for the experience.  Maybe its a good place to leave your kids who are old enough to watch themselves while you go and gamble in the casino's or stroll the Las Vegas strip or maybe not.  Lol!
3	I found this place even cooler than Circus Circus. For one thing this place has rides, rides, rides. Although, I didn't get to ride any of e'm this time around, they sure seem fun. A few years back though, I did get to ride two rides. This place is much cooler, they serve beer, they have games, they have little booths to buy things and make things such as caricatures, name on rice, etc. It is quite expensive here but you do pay for the fun. Rides, games, beer, snacks, booths. It's like a mini theme park. GREAT FOR KIDS AND FUN FOR ALL AGES!
3	I'm a local so this place is just over rated if you're going on any other day.MIDWAY GAMES REVIEW:I actually visited the MIDWAY GAMES SECTION outside of the adventure dome.It's pretty dirty so come prepared with antibacterial..The games are okay. Cheap thrills. if you want it to last, I'd say to spend around $20.There's a McDonalds.. but it's always packed.. esp. on weekends.They've got a circus show. Well worth watching especially for  $ Free ninety nine.Take your friend's kids here if they're visiting vegas. Spend your cash somewhere else for food if you're thinking about going on your own for fun.
1	DO NOT GO!!!!  i was involved in an accident there two days ago.  the ride i was on broke in half and came to a violent and sudden stop.  there was 13 people on the ride, most of them small children.  the staff had no idea what to do.  no medical units were sent to check the children or adults.  we were given an attitude when we asked for our money back.  i was then contacted yesterday and they refused to give me any information about the cause of the accident.  i will never go there again, and i will tell everyone that asks about it the same thing!!
3	Okay for the keep price. Fun for the kids. Circus Circus is a old casino so don't think its going to be like a real clean and new Casino.
3	My daughter recently had her Birthday Party here and although she thoroughly enjoyed herself I have a few gripes. First of all, one would think that when you book a private room and pay for the most expensive party they offer, you would get a private room. I was wrong. There was another party set up in the same room and although it was for a later time, the table and chairs were inaccessible to the kids and their parents of my daughters' party. We paid approx $350 for 18 kids to have pizza, ice cream and an all day wrist band. Our party hostess showed up to deliver the pizza and 3 pitchers of soda, then only returned to bring the ice cream cups and cut the cake. We had to supply the cake. The party went well however, yet our hostess never returned so I unfortunately didn't get to tip her. The Adventuredome was packed on an exceptionally hot Saturday afternoon. It was extremely packed with kids that day, partly because of the numerous day camps attending. Without a wet-n-wild in town it seems that there aren't enough indoor activities for kids to do in the summer. It got really warm inside the Adventuredome and I noticed the kids sweating as well as myself. I initially chalked it up to running around so much and the excess body heat being produced by so many people in one place, but then I noticed a door open in the back of the dome where construction work was being done. It's 108 degrees outside and management felt it was okay to have a garage door sized opening in the back of the dome? One of the party guests called me to say that she had to take her daughter and leave because she was having a panic attack with the amount of people there. By the time we left at 4pm it was so packed, you literally had to wade through people holding your kids hands' so that you could get out the door. They should definitely have a limit to the number of people they allow in. We waited in line for the water ride for about 30 minutes, which in my opinion is ridiculous for a place of this caliber. I will admit that I have had much more pleasant visits than this one, but the fact that I paid $350+ for this trip it left a bad taste in my mouth.
3	It was good.  Great place for kids who like roller coasters and other fast rides. Im not a fan of those things but there is plenty of other things to do like laser tag and 4-d short movies.  Its no disneyland but its ok.
3	I've lived in Las Vegas for 8 years and visited Adventuredome for the first time on Labor Day. Our relatives were in town with 10 year old boys and this seemed like the perfect place for them to burn some energy and have fun while the grownups chatted.For a holiday it did not seem packed. Prices were kind of high, but that can be expected from any casino experience. Go for the day-pass. BOGO coupon in the 2011 Entertainment book. Kids and adults can ride the rides. I didn't partake in any rides, but they seemed average for that size amusement park. The kids had a BLAST and parents seemed to get their value from the price. There were plenty of places to "park your booty" while the kids waited in line and rode the ride. They have carnival style games which are fun but basically a $$ trap. Food and ADULT beverages available inside (yay for booze mixed with rides and kids). Watch out for the drunky adults.I would take my kids here, but not on Saturday or Sunday.
3	3 1/2 strong stars!!! I truly enjoy taking my son to Adventuredome to enjoy a day of rides. Our last visit was on his birthday in July. I even had a coupon that was in the 2011 Entertainment guide which issued us two for one wristbands! That is a deal! We did our own b-day celebration as they do assist with birthday parties for 12 or more only. We had a small intimate celebration with just a few family members. All day at your leisure as you can come and go as long as you have your wristband on. Did not purchase food inside as the options were limited along with hefty prices that just seemed criminal to pay. We had lunch at the Pizzeria located inside of the Circus Circus hotel and casino. The pizza was fantastic and gave us a chance to sit in a comfy booth and relax a bit from all of the excitement of the rides. The rides are plentiful for all ages. My son turned 4 and he had so many options in rides to enjoy both solo and accompanied. They have Sponge bob 4D and Dora the explorer 4D animation shows which were fun also. As well as Happy Feet simulation ride and show! We took lots of pictures, many great photo ops all around the dome. Yes it is hot and musty inside of the dome, the ventilation is not very good. I suggest you dress cool and bring plenty of cold water bottles. They don't care what you bring, or shall I say really are not watching. We brought a bag of water and snacks. I will be back again to take my son for a fun day out where he can let loose!
4	OK you gotta go into this with the right frame of mind.  Sure it's in Circus Circus so just based on that fact alone, don't be expecting the worlds greatest theme park.  Have a few beers (or take some medicinal 420) and you'll be more in the right frame of mind.  The ride that I did when I was there recently with my friend Jennifer were the one that drops you and raises you up really fast (that was fun, but short) [see pic].  We also heard the roller coaster was pretty cool although we didn't have enough time to do it.  All in all there's a few fun rides and it's indoors so if it's too hot or cold to be outside, check it out!
4	This review if for the Frightdome. I will admit, I have not visited Adventuredome during the day and from other people's advice I will probably not. We visited Frightdome for a change instead of going to Halloween Horror Nights in Univseral Studios which we usually do. It was a plus since it was half the price and super convenient to where we were staying. The VIP fast pass was about $52 bucks and the general admission was $37 bucks. I highly recommend the fast pass. There is no way I would have gone in paying general admission and waiting 75 minutes for each maze. So it was my first time here. The line to get in was all the way out on to the street and I was dreading it. It actually went by fast and we were in line probably in about 20-30 minutes. Once we picked up our tickets in will call we breezed through. Well sort of. The entrance area was hell. Seriously. No organization, lots of people pushing, one even full on pushed me as she was going the opposite way. I wish I was ready for it as I would've sent her a "false crack" from Hawaii. But I let it slide. We didn't pick up a map or wasn't even offered one so we had to wing it. We finally found the lines and breezed through the fast pass lines with ease. The mazes were actually pretty scary and good. I'd say 3 out of 5 of the mazes were worth it. We also got to jump on the Canyon Blaster roller coaster and it was awesome. Like I said, the organization of the event was horrible. It was so dark, lots and lots of teenagers, and the crowds were out of control. The lines were nuts and the entrance was crazy. Once you get past those things, the Frightdome event was pretty awesome.
3	The area is old, but still functioning well. There are quite a few rides you can enjoy, even with its limitation of being an indoor amusement park. Really, you have nothing to lose, because the place charges $ per ride, unless you opt for the all-day pass. Just take a look around, and let your kids pick and choose. I guarantee that they are going to have fun - adults and teenagers, not so sure.
3	So-so amusement park area for the kids when visiting Las Vegas.  Rides are getting old and worn down.  A little bit of everything so good variety for the older kids.  The ticket price was a little steep but not many options around the LV Strip area for same.  The kids had fun while my wife and I just sat around.  They loved the Disko ride the most.  The laser tag area smelled like a whole bunch of sweaty teenagers.  Just all around musty.  The 4-D shows were nice.  The kiddie roller coaster was great for my 5 y/o.  If you need time to kill with the kids, this would be a viable option, especially if they like amusement park type rides.  I would not recommend this place for kids younger than 5 - there is too little to do for these younger kids.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of space inside of the dome.  It really didnt seem that big the other million times i have driven by.   When I got there, my friend had already bought my day pass for unlimited riding.  He is a father of two so I was playing tag a long with him and the fam.    first ride I went on was the slingshot... for being about 1/3 the size of every other ride like this I have ever been on, it sure was fun.  It didnt give me the insane adrenaline pump that the rides at 6 flags and stuff do, but this definitely did the trick and my friends 12 yr old daughter loved it.  So thats a win.   The employees running the ride kind of keep to themselves... although I did get a smile out of them when they would come around to check seat belt buckles and shoulder harnesses with my enthusiastic "THANK YOU" everytime they checked.  :)The roller coaster was incredibly fun and i was shocked on how long it was. (indoors)   I think we rod it 12 times... could never get sick of it... It was great.  I feel like when you go to these places you should definitely act like you are a kid and just open up and have fun.. see too many people not wanting to have a good time.   The bumper cars are fun, although pretty slow and I think that they have a few too many cars on the small track.  The only bad thing was the guy working at the Dora and Spongebob 4D attraction.  My friend asked if it was Dora or Spongebob and he was wicked rude and said, Dora... I only said it 5 times.   Ummmmm I was at the front of the line when you opened the door my man.  Believe me... You didnt say it... not even once.    attitude = not needed.  Other than that, Adventuredome is a great place to take children and just let loose and have a good time.  They have many great options for kids and adults if you are willing to have fun.
3	Great for families with kids of all ages!  The roller coaster is actually quite fun, however I personally can do without the 4D rides.  They were not what I was expecting and if you have a sensitive stomach I would avoid them.  A couple of the rides were shut down while we were there so that was quite a bummer for us "big" kids.  Pirate ship and the water ride are sure fun for the kiddos and even though there is not much for "big" kids its a great family attraction for Vegas.
1	Just no. Really bad on weekends/during holidays. The lines are ridiculously long, the rides were just "OK" and because the dome is the largest INDOOR themepark, it's pretty much a breeding ground for germs. We came because my younger brother wanted to try the rides and after 1 ride, he wanted to leave...good for much younger children, maybe 5 - 6 although some rides have height/age requirements.
4	I took my kids here last summer and they had a blast I was a little disappointed in the laser tag game because some of the guns were not working but over all, it was very inexpensive for all day long, it was 18.00 per person when we went and it was enough to keep my children happy all day long.
3	First time checking out the Adventuredome inside the Circus Circus, it was rather tricky finding it, and especially since I drove to the location and had to find parking (which is bad enough as it is). Personally didn't go on any of the rides because of costs, but I'm amazed how they could fit so many of them under one roof. Yes, it certainly does get very warm inside because of limited ventilation, and I would suggest you bring your own water and snacks, as the vendors' food prices (as is the case most of the time as amusement or popular attractions) were outrageous. And if I haven't mentioned it already, Adventuredome is literally a zoo, even on the weekdays!
3	It's a really nice small park and they really did a lot on 5 acres. The prices are however outrageously high. They also only have 2 major rides: Canyon Blaster & Rim Runner.
3	The fact that it's indoors and within the hotel is a big plus.  It's not purposely something I will solely plan for when in Vegas.  We went cuz we were already there.Great for kids.  If you don't plan on doing ALL the rides, then the pass is a waste.  My kids rode only 2 of the rides so buying single tickets is more economical for us.Plenty of things to see but this is really small.  I won't even call it an amusement park.  Adults can have things to do like the roller coaster, the bumper cars and water ride.
4	Pleasantly surprised. They've got some pretty good rides, and on a Tuesday, We walked right on to every ride without waiting in one line. I can see how it would suck if it were too crowded, but I could say the same for anything else. The whole property is much nicer than I remember from being there about a decade ago.
5	Probably one of the best places for kids in Vegas.  In this town, there's only Excalibur and Circus Circus left that offer stuffed animals arcades.  My gf loves coming here, big fan of Hello Kitty.  Prices are decent; games range from 50 cents to $1.00.  Average spending is about $20; easily lost at the tables.  Beware parents, lots of vendors here to persuade your kids into buying things.  Place offers rides and wristbands for all day goers. There are snack shops, but very pricey.  Indoor mini golf.  There's also Midway in the middle of the casino; they also have games and a McD's there with free circus shows every half hour to an hour.
4	Circus Circus holds the largest indoor theme park in America.  Great for kids 12 and under.  If you have been to Six Flags, Disney World, or Universal Studios I would pass this place if your coming without kids. We decided to go on a Monday and lines were non-existent.  We used a coupon in our Circus Circus coupon book given by the hotel for $5 off an all day pass.  It also has 2 complimentary rides for free in the booklet.  We also found another coupon in a Las Vegas kids newspaper (free) in front of one of the stores near the adventuresome for $4 off the all day pass.  My oldest son (8 years old) met the height requirement so he had to purchase the regular wristband.  The height requirement is '48 inches.  The premium rides cost $8 each so if you plan to ride at least 5 rides you'll get your money's worth.  The regular pass cost $26.95 and the junior pass cost $16.95.  There is a military discount but you have to call Nellis AFB IT&T office at (702)652-2193.The Premium Rides cost $8 each.  Canon Blaster (Roller coaster)Chaos (Spinning & Tilting Ride)Inverter (360 counter rotation Ride-I enjoyed this along with my husband and older son)  Simex theater (Motion Ride Film--OMG, whip lash and motion sickness!  but of course my older son enjoyed it)Rim Runner (Water Flume Ride--You will get wet so I would save this for last or remember to bring a garbage bag [so you can wear it over you clothes and throw it away] and wear flip flops)Sling Shot (Tower ride--Think Elevator but your sitting down.  Not as thrilling as tower of terror but it'll do.)Disk'O (Spinning Ride)Laser Blast (What boy does not like to shot guns and hunt?)FX Theater (4D Special Effects Film--Another whiplash, motion sickness, type of ride but it's Sponge Bob the cartoon my older son enjoys watching)The Large Rides, Family Rides, and Junior Rides cost $5 each.Overall my family enjoyed it.
3	For those who have not visit AdventureDome yet, I have recorded a FULL HD TOUR of this indoor theme park. To check out the video, click on the video below:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8n81cOFq-whttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8n81cOFq-wThis is a great place for family with children. It's not a great place for teens that want thrill rides. The price is a little too steep for riding just a few rides. So it's only worth it if you buy the all day wristband.The place looks nice and clean, but the overall condition of the hotel is really old and needs some TLC.
3	This place is actually fun. But dont come here expecting a huge theme park. And you're better off just buying the all day pass. Something different to do other than hit up the casinos. Also use the coupon they offer in those little vegas booklets you see all over the place.
1	Every time we go here it's a gong show. There is nowhere to sit either. The ride selection is not very great and I'm not a fan of circus circus either. We were there yesterday and tons of the arcade games were out of order. There is only one ticket redeemer machine so you gotta wait for people ahead of you. The ticket prices are ridiculously priced too. We paid $50 for two kids and they only went on about 4-5 rides. There is only so many rides for smaller kids. Definitely a headache and a rip off. It sucks that this is the only "theme park" in Las Vegas.
2	Driving north on I-15 past the Vegas Strip visitors will see a wide array of architectural prowess.  From pyramids to castles to world icons and other cities skylines, the Strip is home to a unique brand of architectural wonder.However, if one drives far as far north as the Sahara exit you will no doubt encounter a very strange amalgamation of classic Vegas building and a massive, ultramodern, blush colored glass goiter protruding from its rear.  That is the Adventuredome.It bills itself as the world's largest indoor theme park.  What it turns out to be is an Amusements of America type carnival with slightly more permanent rides.  There is a strange smell in the place.  Nothing appears to be particularly clean.  Perhaps the worst part of Adventuredome is the fact that you have to walk through a dirty and disgusting Circus Circus to get there.  The second star is purely for the fact that there aren't any other them parks in Vegas.
4	Yelp 365 Challenge #148/365 (Las Vegas Family Reunion Adventures)Day 2 of Family Reunion Events consisted of a day at the Adventuredome Theme Park, the biggest indoor theme park (it's advertised like that and I noticed everyone else who wrote reviews have described it as such)! Our family reunion event was in the Desperado Hideaway Room within the Adventuredome, which is conveniently under the Canyon Blast roller coaster that rumbles over and over. It seemed like we were in the bat cave! They also closed it off to through traffic, so no one would gawk at us as we had our scheduled event.Note: If you do schedule an event here, the staff is pretty good in accomodating you to make sure you have everything you need in regards to multi-media equipment. Also, if you plan to use your iPad to play a slideshow / video, you must bring your own VGA cord.The perks of having an event here is the fact that we had a discounted all-day pass price, which the adults paid for as well. The event was on a Saturday and it was B-U-S-Y. It was total inhale visitor and staff germs day and it was HUMID with all the body heat when we started roaming around -_-Anyhow, this theme park is catered to children 12 and under BUT the thrill rides are for adults too!. If you are looking for rides or activities for kids under 7 years old, you have to go to the back of the adventuredome. The thrilling rides is at the beginning as you enter. There are all sorts of entertainment that will keep your kids happy. Right outside the theme park are stores and restaurants within the Circus Circus Hotel. Overall, it was a fun day with the family. I would recommend this place if you are visiting Vegas with young kids. It keeps you out of the casino during the day or night depending on your plans AND it worth it spending quality time with the kids :)
3	My 8 y.o. loved the place. It's a good deal considering how expensive Las Vegas is.There are a variety of rides for kids of all ages. Based on the other reviews, the crowd was not too bad at 3 to 5 p.m. on a Thursday. My 10 y.o. thought the place smelled but I did not notice it.
4	I took 2 kids, aged 7 and 9, here this past Friday. They call it the largest indoor theme park, and it probably is. While it has a few "extreme" rides, i.e. a roller coaster, most of the rides are like those you would find at a carnival. Nevertheless, it's perfect for kids in Vegas. We were there for 5 hours and the kids loved it. The lines weren't long, so they went on almost all of the rides multiple times. The games are expensive (like they are anywhere), but if you get a day pass and then budget some extra money for games, you don't end up spending too much per kid. The 4D rides were a little dingy, but for everything else, it seemed pretty clean. The miniature golf is no boomers, but it kept the kids occupied and was perfect for the younger kids - not too difficult! If you take young kids to Las Vegas and need something to do to occupy their time, this place is definitely necessary!
3	I went to Adventuredome on August 7th and I didnt think it was as dirty as people are saying and it wasn't hot inside either, the AC was cranking. As a 28 yr old and someone who is from Orlando, I'm a theme park junkie, so when I looked at the website my expectations were low. For me the only thing that was good was the roller coaster and the water ride. Everything else was of course geared towards kids. If you have kids definitely bring them, they'll have a blast and go nuts!!
1	This place is horrible.  Old, expensive, dumb. Rip off!
4	Possibly was the time of year that we went but we went when they opened and the lines were very short. yet there were enough people there to feel like you weren't in an abandoned theme park. The rides look clean and well maintained. We had a great time, I love the indoor with outdoor feel of the place. It was really nice to walk around in (when it was 100 degrees outside) All and all the price was reasonable for the value you got in the dome (the all day pass is the way to go)
1	Oh my.  We wandered in here on 9/4/12 and it was my first visit.  We hadn't planned to go and we didn't plan to hit any rides, we just wanted to check the place out.  OUCH.  First, there seemed to be a lot of rides not working... the best one is probably the log ride and it was dry.  The coaster was running, though we did not ride it and not many others were either.  The place was littered with broken video games and while all of the carney games and the main arcade were open, there were a lot of closed places: food options and other booths.  It just felt old, dirty and abandoned.It might have been cool at one point, but it seriously needs some work.  I couldn't wait to leave!
1	The dirtiest theme park ever. Horribly kept, many of the rides were broken, the 3D movies had no 3D glasses, and the employees looked like they were being forced to work there. Don't waste your money. Half the stuff in there isn't included with the high price of tickets.
1	Just horrible! More security than an airport with armed guards wielding guns menacingly who are complete and utter jackasses with less sense than the TSA. Was so exited to go to the FrightDome for Halloween but after how poorly I was treated right off the bat I decided that the 300 plus dollars we were about to drop would be better spent elsewhere. I have never been treated worse by an establishment than I was here.
1	This review is actually for FRIGHTDOME, which happens in the month of October to celebrate Halloween. Just to be noted - the main attraction rides (roller coaster and splash ride) are still open during Frightdome. What a waste of money, and my friend and I even had a coupon for $10 off. We each paid $27 to get into Frightdome. It consists of numerous "haunted houses/mazes" with differing themes. I would name off the the themes, but to me each maze was pretty much the same thing. When I go to a mental ward haunted maze and see guys bumbling around in suit jackets - that's wrong. That does not go with the theme of a mental ward.The dome is darkened and every once and awhile while walking you may encounter some creep coming up to you and breathing heavily in your ear or perhaps you can be "scared" by the guy with the chainsaw over and over again during your visit. It gets old fast is what I'm saying.Customer service was sub-par at best. The staffing here is sullen teenagers who would rather text than give good customer service. My friend and I (plus about 6 other people) walked up to a maze with no one in line. Instead of just lifting the rope the girl working the maze made us walk all the way around the queue to get in. Also of mention is the crabby girls who took my money and gave my friend and I snotty remarks regarding our coupons.Never again will I return to Frightdome.
5	My daughter had the best time here! The all-day wrist band is the way to go for kids and adults! There wasn't any lines on a Friday night and the kiddo got on all the rides over and over! There is a indoor roller coaster that is worth riding a few times but we stayed away from the water ride because you literally got soaked on it! The bumper cars are fun and my daughter was tall enough to drive her own for the first time! It's a nice break from the strip and the touristy sightseeing- its a place that kids can let loose and burn some energy! The rides are fun for even adults, but bring your Tylenol because I had a headache after the 3rd time on the roller coaster!!!The workers are enthusiastic/friendly, and they do not hassle you to play games like at the carnivals or theme parks!
3	Kids loved it. Not enough to do with the smaller kids.
4	A bit over priced for adults but it entertained the kids for an entire day! Lots to do, there could have been a few more rides for the little kids. Make sure you do the roller coaster and Sponge Bob!
4	perfect for people with younger kidseveryone got to gamble downstarirs while me and my 4 year old played upstairs. I bought a wristband for both of us (about $35 total with a coupon from checking in, $45 with out) we got unlimited access to all of the rides, except for a few "extreme" activities that she was too young for anyway. Being from southern cali, i am used to overpriced theme parks. here you get what you pay for. She had a blast, made tons of friends and was so tuckered out that when it closed she fell asleep on our way back to the room (this is when i gambled). I have to admit i even had fun myself. We came in the winter, so there wasnt much else for us to do with a kid at this price. I cant imagine staying anywhere else when i have my daughter with me. I will be back.
3	Walking through Circus Circus to get to Adventuredome was not pleasant.  It has to be one of the dirtiest casinos I have ever been to.  Adventuredome was pretty good and much better than the casino.   The kids enjoyed it.  Paid $27 for an unlimited ride wristband.  They do have some really cool rides.  I thought the price was pretty reasonable.
1	This was yet another reminder that some things vividly remembered from your childhood should best stay that way. Certain movies should never be revisited, just as certain places should also be avoided. My recollection of the carnival sideshow at Circus Circus wasn't exactly great to begin with, as I only recalled walking around here in 1992 fearing for my life. My memories looked like b-roll from Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas, replete with demonic carnies and a labyrinthine maze of games and rides designed to terrorize my young mind. The return was, of course, nothing as I had imagined. I don't know when this place got renovated, but not it's just an innocuous sideshow full of extremely cheesy rides and games. The only possibly saving grace on our visit was that we happened to show up right after they opened, which meant it was empty of both guests and about 90% of the staff. As we wandered around this children's ghost town, there were a few things to goof on here and there, but it was mostly kinda sad and depressing. The few employees we did see had such a vacant look in their eyes, like they're trapped  here in indentured servitude or something. This is a childhood memory that I wish I hadn't attempted to replicate.
2	The rides here are lame - the kind that are at state fairs that you look at and wonder why anyone would go on. I can't really imagine anyone WANTING to go on any of these rides; if anything they seem like the kind of thing a kid would only want to do if they are waiting for their parents to finish up gambling the day away.We really only came because we had power passes. Afterwards we wished we would have spent our time doing something, anything else.
3	We take my kid here almost every time we visit vegas. He has now gotten bored from the rides, so the last time we went he wanted to leave after 1 hour and go buy toys,. lol. I personally tried the roller coaster twice. It is really food, but very fast and short. Good thing was there was virtually no line.
5	For an indoor theme park, Adventuredome is pretty awesome. A place you can go to when it's a 110 degrees outside and enjoy rides? I'm in! Frankly, I don't really understand the 1 and 2 star reviews. It seems like many of the recent ones are for one particular event (Fright Dome). Or maybe it's a case of expectations gone awry? I mean, it's an indoor amusement park (the biggest in the world I believe), but it's not Six Flags, nor does it claim to be!Don't try to do the math on the wristbands vs tickets. It's basically 4 rides to breakeven. Just get the wristbands and don't stress about it. Witnessing kids crying when the tickets are gone is just unnecessary. Get them the wristbands and let them loose!Have been here three times over 2 years with my elementary aged kids (ranging from 5 - 9). Twice in mid-summer with 110 degree temps outside. If you come here in summertime, arrive immediately at 10am when the place opens. It's still cool and there are NO lines. Afternoons get hotter inside from crowds and lines are longer. You can expect to do all of the rides with no lines for probably at least the first hour or so.... so get there when it opens!If your child is around age 6-7 and doesn't hit the 48" mark for the "big rides", it might be a bit disappointing if they are the thrillseeker type. Last summer, my 6 year old was just shy of 48", so it was kind of a bummer, but she still had a really great time on the smaller rides like Frog Hopper (my 9 year old still likes it!) & Road Runner.  The good part is that they measure you one time when you get your wristbands, so you only have to go through the measuring process once. If you arrive at 10am, you should easily be able to ride most of the rides within a few hours max. My kids usually do a round-robin on one or two rides where they go on them like 5-10 times straight when there are no lines. About the rides:* The water ride is gone, which is good. Took up a lot of room and who wants to get wet when you're inside? Can't wait to see what they replace it with!* I love coasters, and I really enjoy the coaster here (Canyon Blaster). It's not the most exciting in the world, but still really enjoyable. A fantastic beginning coaster for younger kids! Nice cool air and it goes pretty fast... two loops. My 6 year old went on it about 8 times. * Disk'O - really fun and lines go pretty quickly because it can seat a lot of riders* Both Happy Feet & Spongebob are not to be missed!* Chaos - Kids thought it was fun, but didn't repeat it* Inverter - Really hurts your legs if you're an adult, and kids weren't too fond either. You could safely skip this one.* Sand Pirate - Classic ship ride. Love it!Unfortunately, the Sling Shot ride was down for maintenance the day we went. But that one is also a MUST ride!I would probably eat prior to getting here, the food is just typical processed carnival type fare. Then you have more time to ride anyway.We don't usually do the games inside the dome, instead go to the Midway in Circus Circus.
3	It may be a little expensive, but I took my son who is 5 years old and just let him go on all the rides he could for about 3 hours straight.  For a child, this is a fun place.  It's like a big carnival.  The carnival games are ridiculously hard and expensive except for maybe the basketball shooting game which is doable, I won a few prizes on that.  The rides for a 5yr old are safe, easy and fun.  He really enjoyed the whole day and someday I will probably bring him back.
4	To much fun to pass up.I have to say I haven't been here for some time now, coming back I was a little disappointed that the water ride wasn't working. Then I realized I didn't come to the Adventure Dome for me. We arrived here so that my 2 children can enjoy it.Natalie being 3, Loves this place she got on the mini  coaster for kids and she absolutely loved it. She went on it at least 3 or 4 times. (This was her first time)Damien 6 loves this place even more he is at the age where he just enjoys things like this.Over all I think the prices are great. If you come with your children this is the perfect place for you. As an adult it simply isn't super exciting because I already came here so many times before.Recommendations: Please if you have kids check out the 4-D Sponge Bob and Dora Shows.  All the kid rides are perfect for kids.I will definitely be back because it is so much fun for children!Plus boy scouts are selling coupons for this place buy one get one free!
4	My 6 year and 9 year old had a ball. The all day pass for two was about 60 dollars and it does not include every attraction but that was ok for my children because they had more then enough to get into. My son does NOT like theme parks he is more of a Game Works guy so I decided to start them off with something simple to warm him up so they went to the FX theater to watch Sqaure Bob he complained it was too shaky but my daughter enjoyed it.  Diego was next my husband has to convince him to go with his sister via threat that he is looking for a reason to get out of this busy loud environment and get back to the comfort of the hotel. On to lazer tag which of course a gun was involved so my son was crazy about that of course! Next my husband said they have to step up the bravery and put them in the line for disko. My poor babies were scared silly I just pray they would not pee on themselves. My son was squeezing his eyes tight and and pressing his head in to the head rest. All I can see is my daughters neck stretched with a look of terror on her face. When my daughter came down she had tears in her eyes and she is the bravest of the two being the oldest. We took a break and played midway games it was easy for them to win stuff animals so they were happy. All in all it was fun for them. I did not see the performance of the clowns. Next time I will bring music and a book to drown out the noise while they stand in line.
2	I heard so much about the Adventuredome at Circus Circus, my husband and I were looking forward to an afternoon of amusement park fun.  Come to find out, not only do they close early, at 6pm, it wasn't much of an "amusement park".  I think I'd have fun if I was 13 years old.  The rollercoaster was the only thing remotely exciting, and doesn't even compare to New York New York.  The whole place was run down and not so adventurous to us that we left after making one loop around the place.
3	For those that just cant leave their kids when they go to Vegas, the Adventuredome is a nice alternative from the adult oriented theme of the strip. This place is the closest thing to a decent theme park that Vegas has to offer. When you come here, you have two options. Pay for rides separately or get the all day ride pass. If you are in no rush and have no time constraints, the all day pass is ideal. Depending on the height of your kids is what determines just how much cash you gotta dish out. Now the height requirements and pricing can be quite confusing so here's the breakdown. All riders 33 inches and over must have a ride ticket or pass. For those kids that are between 33 and 47 inches, they need the junior pass, which is 16.95. For those that are 48 inches and taller, then they need the regular pass which is 26.95.Just remember, if you have little ones under 33 inches, they can ride with you (the adult) for free on the kiddie and family rides.The passes cover everything except for Miniature Golf, Laser Maze (not to be confused with Laser Tag) Extreme Rock Climbing and Extreme Bungee. You can usually tell if its covered or not judging by the line. If there is nobody or hardly anybody in line, its obvious that its not covered cuz most people dont wanna spend any more money than they want to since they already took a hit on passes earlier.So if you do the math, the premium rides are 8 bucks each. All the other rides are 5 bucks. This includes large, family, and kiddie rides. You are gonna end up spending about the same amount for 3 rides. Only difference is, with the pass its unlimited. So to me its a no brainer.Hours of operation are Monday through Thursday from 11 am to 6 pm.Friday and Saturday 10 am to midnight.Sunday 12 pm to 9 pm. For a more info, here is the direct link to their website http://www.adventuredome.com/general_information.aspxeir  As for their rides, they have a mix of everything for all ages and if I wanted to describe each one of them, this review will be way too long. You will just have to experience them for yourself. Rule of thumb, if it spins and goes upside down, and you know your how your tolerance level is for nausea, then ride at your own discretion.Some of the things I like about this place is that its an indoor covered domed park, its air conditioned, and best of all its smoke free. (as it should because duh, its geared for kids). In December of this year, they are slated to finish construction on a new roller coaster called El Loco. Im not sure if this will replace the Canyon Blaster but for sure its gonna take the place of the water ride which it already has been removed.As for the dislikes that earned its 3 star rating: I noticed they don't have enough benches all through out the park. Us old folk gotta be able to sit down and take a breather or two every now and then. As expected, the food they have here is mediocre and overpriced. You have somewhat better options going out of the dome to the outer eating establishments for food that is a step higher in quality but the same in being overpriced.So compared to other ride themed places like Buffalo Bills Hotel and Casino, which is a 45 minute drive south on the I-15 in the city of Primm, Stratosphere Hotel and Casino ( they only have three rides), and New York New York Hotel and Casino (their only roller coaster which is called the Manhattan Express), the Adventuredome is actually a good deal.
2	Expected more, based on the hype created in advertising & local cable station. I've been to a lot of theme parks and with my 10 & 11 year old they got bored quick! I didn't feel the need to ride the coaster even though I love coasters myself. In summary, ride once not an all day pass!
4	Great fun for kids of ALL ages!!! Carnival games that only cost a buck or two and are easy enough to win a prize. Video arcades galore. Rides, rides, rides! Fun for all ages, literally. There are plenty of rides for the little ones to get on and some exciting rides for the big ones! Look, you're in Vegas, you have kids and don't want to run them around the strip where every other thing you see is about sex and parties...take them here, and give them a treat! It really will make them smile =)If you have time to be there a while, the wristband is the way to go. I do see a great need for more benches or places to sit for parents that either can't stand too long or just need a break while watching their little ones.
1	I took my 16 year old daughter here and she was bored fairly quickly, but this is NOT the reason for the one star!!!  The food from the snack bar is HORRIBLE!!!  I had a corn dog and fries and that evening I was violently ill!!!  Parents with small children please be very cautious as to what you let your babies eat at this place.  I really feel that if I were not an adult, the outcome would have been even more devastating!!!  I had to drive 8 hours home the very next day and with "explosive" bowel movements (I will not be gross) made the drive home ever more painful and difficult!!  Will we go back, absolutely...will we eat there again, absolutely NOT!!
3	Located in Circus Circus.  The Adventuredome is a small scale theme park with rides, games, mini golf, food, gifts/souvenirs (air brushed Tshirts and hats, caricature drawings), etc.  If you've been to any of the larger amusement parks around the country, this is a bit of a let down as far a scale and size, but it 's a nice option for kids in a city geared towards adult entertainment.  And at least it's air conditioned.Like most amusement parks, everything here is designed to take your money.  You can save a bit by  getting a day pass instead of paying per ride and you can usually find a $4 or $5 off coupon in one of those Vegas tourist magazines.Not great for toddlers, as they're too little for most things there (other than the Dora 4D movie - $8/person!!!).  But our teenagers had a good time.
4	It was really fun! The rides are fun but the attitudes of the workers were horrible. Remember this place isn't known for their food. It was alright anyways.
4	I love this indoor fun center!! A place to hang out and ride fun rides without sweltering out in the desert heat. Military can get discount all day ride passes on base (usually better than the coupons you get at the local stores).
5	for having a theme park in the middle of a casino on the strip its pretty rad, decent rides and plenty of things to do, arcade games as well lazer tag too. good for adults and kids.
1	TOTAL RIPOFF!!!!!  Don't go!  Half the floor space is expensive ripoff arcade games.  Rides are missing, this place is rundown crap.  Save your money!!!!!
3	Eh, it was ok. I think Circus Circus needs to remodel this place. Haven't been here in years and it looks the same.  My son had a blast so that's all the matters.
2	Well... I feel it's overpriced. I hate Circus Circus... And we NEVER come here unless we get comped tickets. I brought 4 kids... They seemed to be having a great time... The lines were short... And most of these employees seemed nice. Then my daughter left her sweater on a ride... When we ran back to get it...we watched the operator pick up her tiny little sweater by the tag... His face looked like he was carrying a bag of germs that was seeping maggots!! Yes... That GROSS of a look on his face...  I was standing with another ride operator trying to Flagg him down... Both of us yelling that the sweater was "NEW"... Because it was...2 hours new! He looked at us a dropped it purposely on the floor! The other operator looked at me and began apologizing for his behavior. She was appalled and embarrassed. My older daughter went and asked him his name. He refused to TELL her HIS NAME... In fact he even said... Figure it out... Pronounce it!!! Unfortunately it was a 'ethnic' name and was not easy to pronounce, much less trying to remember how to spell it.  I found a supervisor and explained everything. She was amazing... And did everything & said everything that you would expect an amazing...exceptional supervisor would say & do!!! My youngest spent the rest of the night on the pirate ship with 2 other sweet, wonderful employees. That is the only reason I gave 2 stars. Because of the 4 amazing employees & 1 amazing supervisor! Will I return. Probably not for a long, looong, loooonggggg time!!!
5	Thats the Hotel I always go, My daughter is 15, since she was 5, yearly we go... I  can be there  playing $$...safe for kids.
2	I was impressed by the roller coaster when I first walked in.  I would suggest walking around dors before you buy the all day pass.  It might not be worth it in every situation.  Some activities are not included in the all day pass, so bear that in mind.  Roller coaster is cool, bumper cars, and a few others.  I probably shouldn't have purchased the all day pass though.
1	Wandering through the sea of humanity, we approach the Fundome. Promises of merriment and joy seem immanent, but our hopes were cruelly dashed. Just a sad, tired time- and money-sink. The rides weren't worth it, and the other attractions aren't interesting outside of Vegas in a real circus...why would I want to do them in Vegas?
3	It's Nicholas' 6th birthday and here we are! Hunnie Bunnie has been here many times but this was my first time. The first thing I noticed was HOW FREAKING COLD it was in there!! I mean SERIOUSLY the air was BLASTING and I was having trouble using my fingers because they were becoming FROZEN. And this was ONLY inside the Adventuredome because we ate at a place out in the casino and it was regular temperature! Anyway, as far as rides go, I think I only went on the rollercoaster and it left my head spinning in DISLIKE and i won't be going on it again.The kids however had TONS of fun and that's really what's important here! We also hit the Midway. First I had to take out cash though. The ATM charges you an arm and a leg of course and it spit out a $100 bill. I asked one of the midway attendants to break it for me, and she said I needed to go to the Midway office to break it and then they will give out 2-4-1 coupons to play games. So there is a bill breaker machine in the Midway office and then the woman working gave us a bunch of the 2-4-1 coupons. A pretty sweet deal just for changing up some cash. (This works for $50 and $100 bills I was told). SO skip the bill breaking machines on the Midway floor and go to the Midway office!! The kids had fun playing games and walked away with quite a few new useless stuffed animals! YAY! There was also a circus/acrobatic act that we caught a bit of and that was pretty cool as well.
3	Went to fright dome yesterday (sunday) price is reasonable for what you get. Houses didnt scare me much however, it was a creative setup and was spaced out enough so it didnt feel crowded. Definately worth it to get the fast pass! Overall not too bad...
1	Fright Dome this year was DISAPPOINTING! The entire reason why we got fast passes was hotel argentino where you get to walk alone, supposedly it's suppose to be so dark you get a flashlight, or so you were deceived into believing from all their advertising. The way they described it and in their video made it seem like you had a flashlight, you would get chased down, grabbed, all sorts of stuff, because the new thing in haunted houses this year is signing a waver so they can touch and grab you for a bigger scare, I thought this was the case, I was wrong, no touching, the single walk through was too bright, did not get scared at all. I don't think I got scared in any of the haunted houses, and they were all cheaply done with bad black plastic walls. The best thing there was riding the rides in the dark... This coulda been done so much better, if they would of had better planning, and focus'd the solo walk through haunted house that  they really pushed, it would of been awesome, instead it was half assed. Oh and I love the retarded looking clowns that were hired to scare people but instead they're flirting with girls inside the fright dome, and when you tapped them on their shoulder to get their attention so they can come scare your group, you get threatened to be kicked out for touching them..... Save your money and go to a real haunted house, you will not get any scares out of this place.
3	We drove from Los Angeles just for FrightDome.  It was crowded and very claustrophobic because of the amount of kids and fog.  Both The Collector & Hotel  mazes were great!  Top notch!  Unlike anything else!  The rest of the event was pretty lame and frustrating.  I got tired of guests jumping on me, hanging on me and hoping I'd protect them through all of the mazes...(even in the alone maze) and it kept me from enjoying them.  There was way too much fog and too many strobe lights...it felt like it was thrown together at a junior high school for a fundraiser or something.  The actors worked hard for the most part, but they didn't have much to work with.   I wouldn't drive back unless all of the mazes were the same quality & standard as collector/collection mazes.
1	I have come to the fright dome event in the past and had an excellent time, so this year we decided to go once again. Fright Dome has unfortunately become an overcrowded money scheme. General admission is $32-37 and almost double for a "fast pass". Without a "fast pass" we were unable to go in to the latest haunted house and waited over an hour and a half for the roller coaster. From 7pm to midnight we made it on a total of 3 rides and 1 haunted house. In previous years I was able to enjoy more than double that.The quality of the environment, exhibits and actors took a dive this year. Fog machines were over used and actors were under rehearsed. In previous years I would have considered this a must go to in October and given a 4 to 5 star rating. This year it was not worth going to and was frustrating with how over crowded it was. The value was not there this year. Purchasing a "fast pass" would have left me feeling even more cheated. It seemed like the general admission allure was there only to up sell guests to a "fast pass", which was a lackluster value with how many guests had bought one. All the vendors were overpriced and offered less selection than previous years.The crowds were unorganized and the staff did not seem to have any control. This event seemed like a no rules apply high school public groping session. No supervision, which was to be expected, but no security or staff to monitor the fights.Overall, extremely disappointed this year. I'm going to pass on this event in the future. I would not recommend going to Fright Dome this year.
4	This review is only for Fright Dome. We came here Sunday night (10/27/13) and I personally had a blast. Hawaii doesn't have anything like this so I don't really have anything to compare it to, but the haunted houses were pretty good.I went to 5 out of the 6 haunted houses. The one I didn't go to is for Fast Pass holders only and you go by yourself (so that's a no for me). Anyway, before each haunted house, they explain to you the rules and you go in with a group. It's better to stick close to your group because it's easy to get lost. It's kind of irritating though because the guides for the haunted houses move too fast and if you don't keep up they're yelling "HURRY UP!!!" Like, I am trying to hurry but it's not my fault you move too fast!!! I want to enjoy it, not rush through it!! (It seemed like EVERY haunted house guide rushed the guests except for The Collector house)However, overall I had a great time. The 4D show was great amd I love how the movie is so interactive. Some of the rides are available to ride and if the lines are short, I'd take advantage of it since it's included.
3	Prices are ok. The kids love it. Many different things to do.
3	Super fun!!! but super expensive!!!I will go again but not until my son is older.  Loved the performers !!!
5	The kids love this place! It is always first on their list when it comes to outings. Two of my daughter's friends are staying with us here in Vegas for Christmas and this was the main event for them! The wrist band is expensive but you get alot of bang for your buck! My 6 yr old daughter loves the Canyon Blaster Roller Coaster! They are also opening up a new roller coaster at the end of January. The kids played alot of the carnival games this time as well which was fun but pricey. Each of the kids won 2 prizes so it seems they are willing to give out prizes. Personally I think this is a great family outing. The only down side is the crowd- Seems like alot of ppl buy their kids the wrist bands and then just leave them there all day so they can go gamble. At night on the weekends it gets packed and the crowd is pretty rough. I have been man handled more than once and usually get run over by ppl pushing their kids in strollers. Over all, great outing for the kids and a good way to spend the day!
1	This place offers a level of inefficiency I didn't think would be accepted in Las Vegas. Waiting to buy tickets... 20 minutes (6 people in line). Waiting for the ride itself... 5 min !
2	Its a great place to kill time but its so expensive! The fries are almost 5 dollars and the lines get so long over the weekend. Honestly not the first place I think of going to but I love the rides and the games so it is a nice experience
2	I don't know what I was expecting when I got a bus all the way down the strip to check out some rides.Don't get me wrong, there's some awesome rollercoasters in here, well they look awesome. I didn't go on because I was over-run with children. That basically means that I reached my child quota for the day and there's only so much squealing I can take before I run for the hills screaming myself.There are a range of games that you can play. From the usual throwing balls, hoops and other assorted items to win prizes. There are the lazer tag ones (which I thought was a great inclusion btw!) and there was a batman one, however I couldn't figure out what the game actually was.The toilets were a wee bit hard to find. It was tucked off in some underground bunker kind of deal. They were clean at least, so one can't complain too much.For an indoor theme park they didn't do too badly.Might have to revisit when I'm actually feeling 100% with ear plugs to see if I can't try any of the rides. This might up my star value by one.It's free to get in however you pay per ride or game. There are all day passes you can get or you can go one ride at a time.
3	If you're visiting the city of sin with minors, this is a good place to bring them. I really wasn't expecting much out of this place being that it was about 20 years since I've been here.....and the Circus Circus usually isn't the first place I think of going....but....we decided to take a last minute trip with our 4yo and it worked out quite nice. Yes, the place is not on par with your normal theme parks...Knotts, 6 flags...Dis-ne-land. But hey, it is what it is and it's in working order. Yes, the place gives off an eerie pink glow all throughout because of the pink tinted dome, but you'll adjust. Yes it gets a little stuffy at times, but hey..if you can stand the over crowded casinos filled with smoke and cheap perfume, then you can tolerate the Adventure Dome. We had  coupon booklet that saved 5.00 off the unlimited ride wrist band so our daughters came to about 12.00 and we bought a couple single tickets for the bigger rides one of us would need to go on with her. It was a pretty good bargain, can't complain. We had a good time, she enjoyed it. Plated a round of mini gold which she whopped us at but hey, no hard feelings. If we ever bring the child back with us, we'll pop back in.
2	They need some updating desperately. I didn't love holding on for deal life hoping to not get a concussion while riding this rickety rides. The Canyon Blaster ride was so short, and I was so grateful for the aforementioned reason. I also tried the Inverter which was pretty terrible. I'm getting sick just thinking about these rides.
3	This was Ok for the kids. Not a whole lot but they don't need that much. I wouldn't have come had it not been for the group though. The food was meh at most. I did really enjoy the caricature station! It's about $20 per person for dual and you. It ended up being more than the expected $40 but it's really nice!
5	Best bang for your buck easily by far and away for thrill riding in Vegas! All day wrist band breaks down to less than a dollar per ride, easily, unless you're totally lame and retarded. Lol. $24.95 got me 30 El Loco runs, 4 Disko rides, and 3 Slingshot rides...at a relaxed ride warrior pace of attack. Meaning I could have squeezed multiple more rides if I was truly on a mission! LESS THAN A DOLLAR PER RIDE! HELLO! HOLLA!!!
2	Took the kids here on our last Vegas vacation wanting them to have a fun filled day, after paying about 100.00 for 4 ride bracelets the kids went on about 4 rides and got bored and we left , I was really disappointed at the lack of seating for parents there were alot of parents resorting to sitting on the floor. another thing that ruined it for me is as we were entering I was harassed by a photographer wanting to take our portrait he would not take a kind no thanks for a answer.
3	Adventuredome sure isn't Disneyland, but it's as good as it gets when you're in America's adult playground. This is probably one of the few places that you can take your kid and the rest of the family to relieve any stress, since you can't take your kid along to the poker table in the casinos. Prices are around $30 which is kind of.. Overpriced? There aren't many rides, and the food is definitely much more expensive than it should be. As well as their "carnival games" that no one can seem to win at (cos they're rigged that way). Anyway, the rides are definitely fun, and they have an assorted amount of rides for all ages (but it's not much). Overall, Adventuredome is just an "okay" theme park. It's nothing to rave about and it's over priced. But I guess if I had family (with kids) in town, this would be the place to take them.
5	I suggest buying the wristbands. They are well worth the money. It's very huge and there is a ton to do. My son and I waited about 45 mins to do the happy feet ride which wasn't worth the wait. My eyes really hurt being so close to the screen and I got a little sick. I did that ride first so I continued to get sicker on every ride my little boy dragged me too. He wasn't talk enough to ride the roller coaster that goes throughout the whole dome. It's too bad because it looked like a lot of fun. Not that I lost my son, but it is VERY easy to lose track of your little ones. With all the commotion and bodies it took me 20 mins to find this poor little girls mom. Lines are are a terrible wait, but I honestly don't have any major complaints worthy of losing stars.
3	Everyone needs something to do right?! And granted, this is one of the "big" things in Vegas for those crazy little under-21s to do!! Yet, I think we can all say one thing together..let's chant it now: Circus Circus needs a major update. Probably in decor..most definitely in cleanliness..and also an update of some of those outdated arcade games they have floating around! (My favorite game is Street Fighter and/or Tekken, and it has the most unfortunate place in the park of being next to the bathrooms.) Now, now--it isn't totally boring! Adventuredome has 5 decent attractions. By this I mean, the 2 roller coasters, the inverter, Chaos and the spinning-circle-ride that I can't remember the name of! The rest of the rides, of course, are just for kids. But even the kids don't seem to love the bus ride--haha! Tips: (1) Arcade games are cheaper on the other side of the casino. --Instead of spending $40 on some stuffed animal, just spend $20 over on the other side or go to a toy store and get one! (2) Food is expensive, and not worth it. --Eat before!--Unless you're 21 and buying alcohol in some fancy souvenir cup!!! (3) The only time really worth paying for this park is in October, when it becomes Frightdome! (That's when it updates from pretty average to a-bit-more-worth-it.) --Thankfully Frightdome gets increasingly better each year. (4) Military discounts must be retrieved at the base. (5) Chant the chant above. Because you know it's true!
5	Great place for the kids to have fun. $30.00 and you can spend all day. The new rollercoaster el loco is great. the Canyon Blaster is still a favorite with the kids. Two days in a row may be to long but the kids love it.
1	This place is overrated. Fun for the kids but the staff is completely rude and unprofessional. I will never come here again and will make sure I tell everyone I know not to waste their time or MONEY! If I could give it zero stars I would.
1	The very first thing I do is try to win a toy on one of those UFO/crane games. I put in my money and the game didn't start. I asked a few employees so I can get my money back. They told me to wait by the game. 15 minutes go by and no one showed up to help. Rude. We had to go back to them a few times just to get assistance. I don't want to waste my time, this was ridiculous.
2	If you are 16-20 years old you may rate 5 stars.  As a parent reviewing attractions for other parents I only give it 2 & a half.  This is because the rollercoaster rides are decent.  30 bucks takes you to every attraction under the dome.  Per person.  For a day.  While it takes about as many hours as stars I rated it for, to ride everything twice.  The crowd is motley and reminds me that all those 1990's lowriders used to stop at Circus Circus after their LV Strip cruise.  It looks like they traded their lowriders for Astro mini-vans and are still coming here w/their identical offspring.  It seems as though their progeny were all hired here too.  Lame staff.But hey?  There aren't any other amusement parks in Vegas.  So there is no competitive push to update this place.  Like I said the rollercoasters are decent.  Wait till your kids are in Middle school at least.
2	Thank goodness we didn't pay full price for our tickets, but it was still not worth the money spent. We did end up having an okay time, but considering the ride options for older children (9 and 11) and the fact that they have to pay an adult price (ticket prices are based on height, and above 48" means the adult price), it was disappointing.  The new roller coaster was broken according to the attendant, so there went one of our options.  Batman Lazer and bungee jump/trampoline cost extra, as does the mini putt. The performers didn't perform very often and in the 2 and half hours that we were there, there were only two.
5	This was a great indoor amusement park. I liked how there was a cool ride that went upside down indoors. U can be here during thunderstorms since you're indoors. I would go here again if I get a chance to go on a 4 hour drive to Las Vegas again.
4	We were in Vegas again last week and my youngest daughter really wanted to play at  adventuredome for the sand pirate ship alone so we came back and I was pleasantly surprised at the changes in the place way more places to sit and more attractions. and they added food stands. that I don't remember seeing before. kids had more fun then last time.
4	Pros:- The price is quite reasonable. If you're staying at Circus Circus, you get $5 off a park pass, a ride ticket and some midway games for free. So, make sure to check in to get these coupons prior to purchasing any tickets.- There are a fair number of rides for my 6-year old. He enjoyed all of them and did many of them multiple times. The 3D simulations were especially good, he says.- There's a stage in the middle used for short shows - nice break from the rides.- Not busy at all! No lines for any of the rides. We went on a weekday, but not sure if that matters.Cons:- Parents have to pay to accompany children on rides, which is typical, but the pricing is such that it is mildly expensive to do so.Overall: A great indoor amusement park, particularly for young kids at a fair price.
2	Located at circus circus. Don't go unless there is a discount such as the 3 for $57 they r currently running. For $57, one can go see the reef at Mandalay bay, the secret garden at mirage, and this place. This place is real stingy when it comes to money. They don't honor coupon or any deals unless printed on paper.  Coupons on phone is useless.
4	We stayed at Circus Circus in Las Vegas after a few nights at the MGM. Adventuredome is pretty fun for the kids and us too. It's small, but not bad for an indoor theme park.  They have a game arcade upstairs for kids while the adults are gambling. Plus free circus acts that kids can watch while playing games. The price is $30 a person. It's a bit hight, but I guess not bad if you plan on spending the day there. The food is really expensive. We only stayed there because the actual room was cheap. We had 3 nights for $175. Plus is was close to the strip but not on it. I would stay there again. It's a good location and decent.
5	Omg I love the inverter!!!!!
3	Great place! Awesome for children and adults. My oldest son and i did the rock climbing wall :)
2	I took my 6 year old to Adventuredome as part of the 3/$57 deal that is running right now.  There were about 8 rides that he was tall enough to get on either by himself or with me so that was fine.  They are all pretty tame by ride standards and basically all the same type of "sit down, click a seatbelt, ride in a circle for 90 seconds" type of rides.  He did love the big Sand Pirate ship that we could ride together so we did that about 4 times.  The carnival games and arcade area are pretty run down and a lot of the video games were out of order.  The whole Adventuredome could use a good deep cleaning and an update but it was a fun way to kill a couple hours on a hot Vegas afternoon.
5	The Circus Circus Casino and Hotel gets a (sometimes deservedly) bad rap for being overly crowded, dirty and smoky.  With its very, very low room rates, RV park, and family-friendly circus appeal, it's true that things can get a bit hairy on the casino level.  However, head upstairs to the Adventuredome, and I think you will be pleasantly surprised.  For the young and young at heart, the Dome sports a full-sized amusement park with two awesome roller coasters and a host of other rides from the Scrambler to my favorite, bumper cars.  Save your road rage for the Dome.  A wrist band allows an entire day and night of unlimited riding the rides.  There's even a passable 18 hole mini-golf and a number of carnival games for pre-game gaming.  Want more?  There is an actual circus at Circus Circus with eye-candy-worthy performers from China, Romania and beyond.  See you at the Circus.
3	Took my 3 year old here, thankfully it wasn't too crowded and we only had about a 5-7 minute wait to ride some rides however the people working here suck.  They are not friendly, they look very unhappy and don't want to be there.  The prices for admission are overpriced too, it sucks because I had to purchase a wrist band for myself in order for my son to go on rides he had to be a certain height which was kinda absurd  and didn't need to me go with him.My favorite attraction was their 3d/4d shows for Dora and Sponge Bob, it was so cool sitting in the theater with the 3d glasses and bubbles flying around. I really thought they were cute.  My least favorite ride was the pirate one omg i totally felt sick and my stomach turn normally I don't get sick but that ride was awful, my lil one too was totally scared and i just had to put his head down and keep talking to him. After that ride we called it quits.Would I go back again probably not, just expensive and I would wait till he's tall enough so he can ride all the rides without me. =/
4	We got tickets to this park through the deal to get tickets to three attractions for $57 and I would say it was what made the deal worth the money. The park is pretty small but they pack lots of rides into a small space. The laser tag area was very fun, and was one of the few non-rides that was included with the POP bracelet. I'm sure one could make a whole afternoon playing laser tag over and over again. Free-for-all style five-minute rounds with few rules. It was a good time.We did the Happy Feet ride, which consisted of a scene from the movie complete with moving and shaking seats, which was more intense than I expected. The Spongebob 4D theater was fun, but the theater goes back and forth between that and a Dora & Diego ride, which made it confusing when to wait in line. Thankfully once we saw that the show we wanted to see was next we were able to get in right away.The wait times for every ride were very very short, which was great, but for the non-roller coasters (especially the laser tag spot) was not well attended by workers. We thought that the laser tag attraction was closed because the waiting area seemed only half-decorated. There were no lights on in the little cave waiting area aside from the lit up sign for the ride, and the TV in the corner was off. We left thinking it was closed to see that they were just about to let us in.The two coasters in the park are well worth it. El Loco, the newer of the two, is one of the most unique coasters I've been on in a while. The cars seat only 4 each, but the workers keep the line moving quickly. There is a 90 degree drop, and some very interesting twists and turns. The rides are both very short, but there was nearly no wait for either so we were able to do both twice very easily.
4	My family and I took my 4 year old and we all had a great time. She got a wrist band (discount coupon in Las Vegas magazine) and rode everything twice. We played tons of games and left with prizes. It was clean enough and my kid had a great time. $30 well spent. I have to say though, that the other arcade with the big top theatre was cleaner and had more games. We visited both.I was very apprehensive about this place, as I had read less that good reviews. I'm very picky about what I allow my child to touch/play with and I was completely fine with her playing here. In fact, it was cleaner than the Chuck E that we most frequent. We went to both arcades first thing in the morning (11 am) and there were very few people there. I would happily take my child again.
4	Great place to visit to let the kids run around and get reprieve from the hot Vegas sun. We did the all-you-can-ride package for $57 per child. Great bargain and lasted all day. The lines were short and it wasn't very crowded. Our kids were able to ride all the roller coasters several times within a couple hours. This is a nice place to visit and have a little fun as a family.Tip: After you are done in the Adventuredome head over to the Pizzeria in Circus Circus for a tasty dinner.
5	Just visited here with boys ages 5.5 and 9. They had a blast. We could have stayed longer but didn't have time we were there for about two plus hours. After reading so many negative reviews about the decor and custoner service I really was not expecting much but I was pleasantly surprised !! The staff was very friendly to me and my kids and there was no wait for any of the rides. My boys enjoyed everything they went on which included the happy feet experience and the rides and roller coasters. We did not go on el loco because it was too scary for my 9 year old. Food is overpriced so don't come hungry. They over air condition the place so bring long sleeves or a sweater we were all cold after five minutes. There is a promotion going on now where you can get five dollars off your wristband from food 4 less. Definitely pick one up. The wristbands are priced based on height so if your kid is under 48 inches the price is 16.95 minus the five dollar promotion. If over 48 they will be considered an adult ticket. At 29.95. The place was not run down. It was actually quite nice!
4	Place to get trilled and terrified :)
3	It's a bit old and definitely due for an upgrade but it's still the best arcade/theme park on the strip. It's definitely fun for kids and adults and provides a funner atmosphere than the casinos. Check it out! And if you're staying at Circus Circus, make sure to check out the resort book for discounts!
5	Fun place to take the family if willing to pay for the day pass bands. Will come back again.
1	Would never come back here what amusement park in American makes you take your stuff on the ride so you can lose it. Adventuredome what is the point of the bins if I can't even put my stuff in their. If you have been to any other amusement park and I have like been to like 30 they have a sign above the bins saying their not responsible for you stuff. Went there for fright dome haunted houses not scary. El loco was broken all night. WILL NEVER EVER EVER GO BACK TO ANY CIRCUS CIRCUS RESORT PROPERTY AND AS A TOURIST I WOULD NEVER COME HERE. There resort fee is ridiculous also.
3	On my recent visit here, we weren't able to stay to get the full experience of the dome. But we were able to play some of the games where you win prizes. The prices aren't crazy high and you have a good chance of winning a stuffed animal with a total of $5-10. They seem to have a lot of new rides. The next time we visit, we'll most likely get the unlimited wristband. I believe it only costs $30.
2	Typically I wouldn't complain about having a themepark to myself...but when it's literally you, your friend, and maybe 10 other people....it's so depressing. All the midway games were at a standstill and every ride we rode was pretty much alone. I mean, we had both roller coasters to ourselves...they could have kept it running and I'm sure we would've been able to go 4-5 times over before one of the other 10 guests in the park finally came over to the line. Irregardless of their non-attendance though, they still charge an arm and a leg for the attractions - so get yourself an all day pass. Note, some attractions are premium and do not apply to the all day pass.My friend and I were in and out within a hour and a half. In that time, we amassed a ride total of roughly $60 had we bought individual tickets (all non-repeated rides though).
5	Every time I bring the kids to Las Vegas we bring them to the adventure dome. They always have a ball. For kids over 7 the wristbands are $30 and under 7 they are $15. There are tons of rides for the kids to enjoy. We went on thanksgiving day and it was packed. The kids were able to ride then take a break to eat our thanksgiving meals and come back in ride rides some more til midnight. I definitely feel like I got my money's worth especially because I was able ride to and didn't have tickets or a wristband. The workers were pretty chill and weren't really checking. The dome is outside so dress according to the weather. The food is the typical gross over priced fair food. Eat before you come. Beside that food being nasty there was so much to do and see it will keep the kids entertained for hours. My kids especially loved the laser tag and the train. As a parent I appreciated all the rest areas. They rode the ride and I watched from a bench. I lost the souvenir picture ticket but there were lots of places to buy stuff. I bought my son a airbrushed hat with my sons football teams color on it. It was suppose to be a Christmas gift but it came out so nice I couldn't resist giving it to him early. The airbrush ladies were professional and gave realistic times on how fast they could finish his hat. I definitely loved there honesty. Oh I almost forget I even ran into heather dubrow and I think that's how you spell her name from the tv show housewives of Orange County and her husband whose now on botched. Pretty cool day, right.
4	This is a small little amusement park at a run-down area of las Vegas with a few decent rides. The lines are on par with Splash Kingdom's where you can practically walk-on any ride you want, but it will cost an hefty $10 per coaster ride unless you get the $30 unlimited pass. The arcade area, including the arcade on the second floor of the casino has many ticket games as expected, but also has some good games, such as an ITG2 Dedicab which surprisingly works very well, along with a couple simulation games. Go check this place out if you get the chance
3	Fun place for a team outing. You make get a little sick after 4 big rides. ...I regret every second of the Inverter.And my body was sore the next day. With a few mysterious bruises. I'm getting too old for these kind of places..
4	This was a lot of fun. A little busy since its New Year's Day but the lines weren't a very long wait. Just bought passes for the kids and they loved it!!!  We will come again for sure
1	This place is ridiculous ! Charge my poor 7 year old that height is only 42 inches the price of a 48 inch because they wore high heel boots what a rip off I do not recommend this place at all . Spoke to manager before I left because the ghetto lady selling the wristbands said they close at 12 when I paid full price for three kids and they close at 9 on a Sunday what kind of service do they offer . They have rude and bad customer service and if you plan coming here just remember the employees come first not the customers ridiculous rises were horrible because they do not let them in all of them .. Highly disappointed 5 thumbs down .
2	We visited this place around Christmas time and it was packed with lot of people.  I remember then when I visited few years back, it was the same situation with lot of people with no room to sit and rest.  And I remembered I would never come back to this place again!    I'm getting old.This place is one of the popular place for young children when their parents are visiting Vegas for gambling.  They probably drop them off here for all day ride passes and pick them up after midnight.This place during holidays and weekends are over capacity to the point where you can't even move around to get through.  You are sort of circling around the perimeters of this place with so little space and people bumping into you, after the long day, you don't know what you did and what you rode.Parking is not easy, lot of walking outside, not clean being old Circus Circus town.It's that crazy here and unless you have absolutely nothing else to do, do not come here.
3	I am not a big fan of this amusement park, located in the Circus,Circus complex. Once our family and I got here, once inside the entrance, we were told we "HAD TO" take a photograph - all of us - by their photographer, and we could pick up the pictures later. None of us wanted to have our photos taken (not even the kids), nor had we any inclination to buy a photo of us (we looked horrid, just walking here from our hotel. We were so NOT in the mood). But we were forced to, so we did. That was our first cue that this place perhaps was not for us.We walked around the dome to check out the various rides. They have a pretty good assortment of attractions. My kids chickened out of riding any of them, so we did not purchase wristbands. But man, was it packed there! Families and kids walking and running around. We nearly tripped on a few kids who got underfoot. Be forewarned.Tip: we went online beforehand and found some discount coupons for the all-access wristbands (Google "Las Vegas discounts" and you will find). I think the coupons were for $4 or $5 dollars off each wristband. This is a moot point for us, as my kids didn't want to go on any rides, so I gave my coupons to a family waiting to get inside. Food-wise, they only sell amusement park fare (cotton candies and the like). Nothing looked or smelled even remotely appealing. All in all, I can only recommend coming here if you know for a fact that your kid will go on some or all of the rides here, and if you come at an off time.
