5	The Westside Bistro is a restaurant that is a part of the Culinary Training Academy, which is an organization funded by a trust between a couple local unions and a couple local resort/casino companies. CTA provides training for individuals who wish to advance in or join the hospitality industry. The training is not only in culinary skills, but also house keeping and maintenance related jobs. The Westside Bistro is a part of the training for those students in the culinary program. Students work as food servers, cooks, and buspersons at the restaurant. Because of this, you will find incredible food and even better service for a very reasonable price.Yesterday, I visited the WB for lunch with a colleague. We had a meeting down the road, and had planned on a nice gourmet lunch. The WB is only open for Breakfast and Lunch during the week, but they do offer catering. Their lunch menu is very simple with a few sandwiches and salads, as well as a buffet. The buffet is the most expensive option at $7.95/person. The buffet is small, only a handful of stations, but it is AYCE. The food is what makes this buffet incredible. They always have veggie options (and both times I've been there has been a vegan option), and meat options alike. They also have a salad bar, and occasionally have a pasta bar. Yesterday I had the minestrone (which was fresh, full of veggies and delicious), the veggie calzone, the mashed potatoes (wow) and assorted salad and veggies. For dessert I had a small cup with peach and apple cobbler and a lemon raspberry concoction.   According to my colleague, the catfish was also incredible. With your buffet, you do get unlimited standard drink refills. As previously mentioned the staff are incredible. We went when the Bistro opened at 11am, and there was at least 1 waiter per table, if not more. It got busier the closer to noon it got, but they still have a lot of staff for a small operation. The food servers and the chef were very helpful and knowledgeable. They explained to me what was in the food and how it was cooked. It is exciting to know that this training exists as sometimes it can be real hit or miss for service on the Strip. If you are ever in the area, you should definitely give the WB a try. It is a great place to have business meetings as the food is great, its inexpensive and the facility is pretty class (and small). It is also great to support an organization that provides great opportunities for our fellow community members to advance in their job, or to train for new careers in the hospitality industry.
5	This restaurant is associated with the culinary academy so you are the guinea pig of future Executive Chefs.  They start you off with complimentary homemade potato chips and creamy dipping sauce.  The menu items change monthly and the buffet items changes daily.  Therefore, I won't describe what I ate because different items will likely be served when you go.  This is nice because you can go back frequently without getting tired of the options.  The buffet is not super big, like the ones at the casinos, but it has approximately 20 items.  Everything I tasted was very good.  Fresh and flavorful.  They may be students, but the food is prepared under supervision of instructors.  The dining area, kitchen, serving area, and all workers were very clean.  Every person that I interacted with was incredibly friendly and helpful.  The cooking and serving staff are in training and being scrutinized by instructors, so expect everyone to put their best foot forward.  The buffet was around $8.  I think Yelp check-ins get another dollar off.  Great experience.  I recommend everyone try this place.  You won't be disappointed.  Excellent deal for the price.
5	I found myself on this side of town and had to check Yelp for guidance on where we should eat & I found this little gem.Its attached to the Culinary school. When  you walk in you are greeted by many students. They are all waiting on you. We ended up getting the buffet...which is more like a mini buffet. If you check in on Yelp you get $1 off..which makes it only $7 and that includes your drink.It was a great deal. The food is way above par since they are training to work in the finer foodie joints.Service was above and beyond as was the food.I will try  to make it back since the menu changes daily.
2	I've ate here 2 different times and both were uneventful. The first time, I decided to go with the buffet. The chicken soup was good (I had 2 bowls) but the roasted chicken was so dry it actually got stuck in my throat! They had a stir fry, where you choose your own veggies and they stir fry them. When I got back to my table, I tried to stick my fork in a carrot and the carrot flew of the table because it was so hard. The stir fry was RAW and gross. My next visit I decided to eat off the menu. I ordered the 9.00 cheeseburger. The waiter asked me how I wanted it cooked; I said medium. When I got the burger, it was really small and way overdone! I think this academy is simply pushing students through without real training so they can simply get out in the workforce. I'm giving them 2 stars because the waitstaff was courteous. NOT FOR THE FOOD...
5	I tried this place for the lunch buffet since I was on this side of town. Yes, these are culinary students, and yes they do have an instructor supervising them. The buffet options are limited, but everything is done in small batches so it is fresh and hot. Since there are quite a few students in the kitchen and the dining area, service is very quick and drinks are refilled fast. Even though it is a buffet, the introductory appetizer for each table are some very well done thinly sliced potato chips that are not greasy, but super crispy served with a dipping sauce. At the buffet, you are also served by students.
4	This "teaching" restaurant is part of the Culinary Academy. What I've learned from going there is that it's a great place for an inexpensive yet filling lunch.The staff is friendly and attentive ... almost TOO attentive at times! At many restaurants, I have to wait to get refills on my drinks. At the Westside Bistro, I've often had two waiters ask me if I want a refill while a third is off getting it done.Although you can order off the menu, why bother? For the same price (under $10), you can go through the buffet, which is small compared to the casino buffets but provides plenty of tasty offerings.The staff behind the buffet line serves you, but you can go back as many times as you like. There's always a soup or two, a fresh salad, and a few pizzas, but this time (like most) I skipped these and stuck with the entrees and side dishes. Didn't care for the cold corn salad, but everything else was superb. Coq au vin and  lamb shanks were both cooked perfectly, which even the top buffets usually can't pull off. Sides included kalamata mashed potatoes and rice pilaf, which were also executed perfectly. There were a few desserts to choose from, but after two helpings of meats and sides, I was stuffed. I did sample the flan, which was spicy and serviceable, and I had a bite of the brownie, which was pretty much ... a brownie.Because of the buffet-style dining, I was back to work in less than an hour, so this place is a great option for anyone working in the Spaghetti Bowl area (or even a bit further out). Take a lesson from me, and try the Westside Bistro for lunch. You won't be disappointed.
5	Great service, food is excellent.  We came because of Yelp, glad we did.  We would come back, but we are tourists.  The buffet looked good, but we had sandwiches.  Comes with a free appetizer.
4	This place takes customer service to a new level. It's like customer service on steroids. Absolutely incredible. Of course, they are all in training and trying to impress, but it's always nice to be treated like royalty. I have been multiple times and have always gotten the lunch buffet, but this time ordered from the menu. I opted for the Fish and Fries Basket. Outstanding. Hot and fresh fries and hot, crispy fish. Good portion sizes too. The Mrs. got the Chopped Chicken Salad. I stole a few bites and it was tasty. It was definitely big enough for two to split. They start every table off with homemade potato chips and dipping sauce. Both are very good. Lunch for two, with beverages was just under $20. A definite must visit. You won't be disappointed. Keep in mind the menu and buffet changes, as this is a training restaurant.
4	Although they have a menu, the buffet is the way to go. It's small, but there's enough to keep you satisfied. For about $8.50(or $7.50 if you check in on Yelp), you'll find 4-5 meat items, pizza slices, potatoes or rice, a salad item, and 2 types of soup. And the price  includes a beverage. You are served by the staff behind the buffet line and the servings are small, but you can always go back for more. As this is a training restaurant for the Culinary School, you'll be priviliged to sample new and unique recipes.And you are encouraged to critique your food. My "likes" usually outnumber my "don't likes". But since the buffet menu changes daily, you can come back another day and discover your perfect meal. For me, that would include their chocolate chip cookies which are to die for! And don't forget to try their complimentary homemade potato chips and dip! Yum! The servers are very attentive and more than happy to get you whatever you need(more beverage, more butter). If you get soup at the beginning of the line, they'll take that back to your table while you fill up your plate. I really recommend this place. If I lived closer, I'd come here everyday!
4	Excellent lunch buffet friendly staff,great service. These students are destined for greatness in the culinary industry
4	An excellent place for lunch. The food is solid and the prices are very reasonable.  I had the lunch buffet which consisted of a small but quaint selection. Two soups, five sides, a couple of salads, two meats, and a fish.  Oh and a couple of desserts which I forgot to try.  Service is very friendly, though the in-training server to customer ratio is a bit high.  Would love to try more often except it's too far from my part of town.
