4	This is the only delivery burrito I've ever found, but I sadly live too far now (they actually cover a pretty big radius). I love getting a bean burrito with lettuce, tomato, and guacamole inside, which I'd never even bother ordering at another Mexican food place. They use good quality guacamole, the beans are cheesy and perhaps a bit salty, but the tortillas are really the best part. Each burrito is huge, and you can get a combo for around 5 bucks (or less). People really love their breakfast burritos, my husband likes the potato, egg and cheese with guacamole. Perfect for hangovers. Opens earlyish, at 8!
4	You want quick mexican food then this is the spot for you.  potato burrito and the carne asada burritos are classics.  can't go wrong with anything really.  tip:  as with all mexican or spicy food make sure you order the horchata to avoid a messed up stomach.  akaline drink neutralizes the acid in your stomach.
3	I am placing Burrito Express just inside the 3 star camp.  A qualified 3 stars, 3 stars for the category...little Mexican joints.  Is that a category?  If it's not it should be.Anyway, just inside 3 stars.  Maybe 3.05433 or 3.06155.  Not as far as 3.14159 though.  Definitely not.  I had a burrito with potato, egg, cheese and ham.  It was big.  Not huge but pretty big.  I mean it didn't bludgeon me with it's girth or anything but it was pretty big.  It was good.  Not mind blowing good or anything but good.  Like I would have it again but I wouldn't drive far for it.  Like I would drive a few miles.  Probably only a few though.  Not a score of miles, that's for sure.  I would drive more than a couple but less than, say, 10 for one of their breakfast burritos.  Probably about 4 if I had to rate the burrito based on how far I would drive for it.  But there are other places closer to my office with good burritos.  So if I was somewhere, say within about 4 miles of Burrito Express and I was in the mood for a large but not too large breakfast burrito that was pretty good I would consider going to Burrito Express.  I'm not saying I would definitely go, like I'm not making a commitment by any means here, but I would think about it.  Probably.  Then again, I might not.  I might forget about Burrito Express, actually.What were we talking about?
4	Burrito Express is a delicious choice for a Mexican lunch. It is very different from the local taco stand (Filiberto's or Amado's) but that does not mean that it's not as good. The tortillas are extremely tasty.
2	I've grabbed dinner to go here a couple times in the past few months. I was excited to find another inexpensive mexican restaurant close to where I live. Most of their food seems pretty salty...I could live with about half the salt and I like a lot of salt But the spicy beef (#9) lived up to it's name. If you like spicy food I'd highly recommend trying the #9. Considering that Amados is just a couple minutes away, I probably won't try this place again.
4	I eat here rather frequently and don't plan on changing that anytime soon. My company orders breakfast burritos and has them delivered all the time (which is awesome) and everyone loves them. However I would add that I would prefer my food to be delivered every time because it never fails when I actually go inside to eat, the customer service is lacking. I always seem to get this one guy who acts like he doesn't want to be there and I am an inconvenience when I order. That is the only reason why I did not put the full 5 stars.
5	We've been coming here for at least 6 years. Great service. Great food! Supreme Breakfast Burrito and Combo #2 are standouts! Highly recommended.
1	I ordered food for pick up..  I was told the total was $16 and came to pick up my food and had to pay $24, I argued  and should have just left.  I payed the 24 buck and could hardly eat it is was dry and disgusting.  I am sorry to have given them the chance they never deserved.
2	Food is great, service is a joke... I've been going here for about 7 or so years and I must say... The service has seriously gone down hill.. I know it is family owned but I think the owner needs to have a chat with his staff.. I took my kids in there and saw they had a kids size bean burrito.. Asked if I could get a breakfast burrito that size and was made to feel stupid by the larger employee who worked there.. He looked at me as if I was speaking a different language, he could have been polite with his answer, but no, he was rude!  They also have an issue with being lazy, open at 8:00 am on Saturday is fine, but be open at 8:00am and not pick and hang up the phone twice! It's sad because I've met the owner and he is nice and the food is pretty decent, but I'm gonna have to take my weekly burrito orders somewhere else :(
2	My husband and I keep trying to find "the" Mexican place.  This wasn't it.It was just alright.  Not great.  Not bad.  Not worth it.The place really needs a few coats of paint and some cleaning up.  I did not enjoy squeezing my salsa out of a dirty ketchup bottle either.
1	This place is a stink hole! I havent been to this place in years and now I remeber why!! the decor is crap and dirty, i hesitated to even order food afraid of what it like when they prepare the food YUCK!!! I had a buy 1 get 1 free coupon so thats the only reason i went . Sausage burrito was salty, potatoes was old (extra .60) and it looks like generic yellow cheese( extra .50). Im done with this place I wish you the best of luck if you choose to eat at this dump.....
4	So I actually tried Burrito Express on a Sat morning with my brother and my daughter, my daughter was buying (she has a job now and can afford to take her mom out haha) and told me I needed to try this place, so we did.I had a breakfast burrito, it had ham and eggs but also threw in some chorizo into and ask the guy to hit it with some red chile sauce, and don't be shy, while it was cooking and he did! Man that was a kick butt breakfast burrito!! So that made me think um wonder how their lunch time burros are. So I went to check them out at lunch time and ordered me a steak and salsa burrito, it had steak, cheese, lettuce, and salsa! I made it combo so it came with beans and rice.While I was paying the guy asked if I wanted hot sauce, and I said yea  both red and green, (sn: their green sacue is really good! Def do try it) and he said one of both, I said more like 2 of both ( really I wanted atleast 3 of both, I like my food packed with heat!) he said can you eat them all.....pls he does not know who he is talking to,,bring on the heat baby! I can handle it!So I paid and was getting ready to walk out and go next door to Starbucks and he said do you want your food, I was like wow its ready? He said its not burrito slow, its burrito express, too funny.  I like people with personality!  And guess what!! This place delivers!!! How freakin cool is that!! I think I have found me a new little joint and ready to try the rest of the menu out!
4	Good Mexican Delivery Food!In a town where delivery food is dominated by pizza and pseudo-chinese, it was nice to find a Mexican restaurant that would deliver to my house.  I ordered a "Taco Order" (3 tacos) and a Chorizo and Potato Burrito.  The tacos were good.  The tortillas were NOT the usual pre-folded Taco Bell things.  They were made just as I like them...crispy on the outside and still soft on the inside.  The meat was a little salty, but still very good.  The lettuce was still crisp when it got to my house.  I guess that's a tribute to my delivery driver.The Burrito was very good.  Filled with Chorizo and Potato goodness.  Once again, the tortilla was exceptional.  While they told me to expect a 45 minute delivery time, the food arrived in 30.  In all, I've got no complaints.
1	Stopped in today with my boyfriend and our 6 year old.  I ordered the green chili burro chimi style.  Sour cream and Guac on the side.  As I cut into my burro, it literally deflated.  My curiosity led me to open the chimi, where I found 5 cubed pieces of green chili beef. 5. 5 quarter sized piece of meat in a full size tortilla.  I ordered the burro chimi style cause I like a crispy shell.  This was not the case.  After finishing my 5 with meat bites, I ate mushy tortilla with some semi par green chili sauce, and ONLY because I hadn't eaten all day, and I am pregnant.  And for $7, I couldn't throw it away.  But I will never buy it again.My boyfriend and the wee one both had shredded beef tacos. Nothing terrible, pretty decent, I would of rather had the tacos.  He originally wanted a shredded beef burrito, sans beans.  The guy looked at him and rather rudely replied 'well we can do it but the burrito won't be big...'  Seems like a pattern here.  In addition... if you're charging me for a steak burrito, I don't want a bean burrito with some steak in it, I want a steak burrito with some beans in it.  If your informing customers that without the "filler" it won't be much of a burrito... it isn't a good sign.They also don't take credit or debit which is a huge pain.  It wouldn't be as bad if they had an ATM, but they don't, so we had to order based on the little cash I had in my wallet.  We got my meatless fake chimi, 6 tacos and 1 soda for $21.  The tacos were not that big.  Skip it.  Or drive the block or so extra to Rosita's.
4	Great Mexican food, delivered.  I'm in heaven.  I get it at home, and at work.  I always order combination number 2.  The refried beans are some of the best I've had.  My only complaint is that it usually takes at least an hour for delivery because they're always so busy.  And I wish they were open 24/7, instead of closing at 9pm.  But still, a great alternative to Chinese or pizza.
5	I have been going to this place for a couple years and I cannot get enough of it!  I usually get the steak, potato, and cheese burrito it is the perfect amount of saltiness and flavor then add the green sauce!  The chicken tacos are another favorite...they're spicy but not a its so hot I cannot eat it spicy; it is more of a flavorful spicy.  I really wish they would jar up some of that green sauce and sell it.  I would eat my own arm in it (maybe I am exaggerating a little).  Now as far a service...they're not there to wait on you.  You order it they call it out and you get it.  I have been back over and over and will continue to do so!!! P.S. They only accept cash now.
5	Re-review love this place again. Had my favorite burrito again. Service great, made sure I was happy after the meal! I missed my green sauce! They seem to be back in step! Can't wait for my Saturday morning hung over burrito order!
4	Good burritos all day. From breakfast to dinner.
5	Awesome burritos, made any way you want. After reading some of the reviews, I will add some stuff on here. They now have an ATM. Still cash only. Still awesome taste. You can have the food made however you want, but you have to ask several times for it. Overall the food is great. Thanks to my co-worker for recommending this place.-----------UPDATE-----------Sooooo, burrito express got me into trouble at work.My time at work several hours after eating went a bit like this....My co-workers walk into the room, and stop suddenly staring at me.I say "Burrito Express"Together they all say "Oh. . . . . . . OHHHHHH MAN!!!!! Come on!!!!!!!"Next thing I know, I am being told people's orders and being sent on a coffee run to get away from everyone.Let's just say that this place does not agree with my body. I could barely stand to be in the car with myself. I know that might be more info than you want to read, but be careful with this place.Burrito Express is now my Only eat when not working, and wife is at work place.
5	We have been coming here for over three years and while the service has been up and down, the food has stayed at a 4-star level. We have had just about everything on the menu between myself, my wife and our daughter, There have been some misses, but after reading some of the negative reviews before me, I wonder what standards these people are applying.. It is a chain burrito place, not Pampano in NY. Yes they still only take cash, but they have an ATM. Like any place you go to eat, you should give it two tries before condeming it. Oh and RIck S, thanks for the review, but I'm guessing you have turned more people off with teh update, so I hope you don't go any other places I like.
5	My husband and I love coming here,  the food is great not nasty or americanized.. they have sports on all the time,  and have never disappointed us and we can be picky at times.  They accept cash and credit/debit. They are great,  what more can yuh ask for!
3	I LOVE the Mild Machacha Burrito.  Trust me the hot one is way to hot.  Food is great but owner/staff not to friendly.  Kinda reminds me of the Soup Nazi.  Best to call ahead for your order.
2	I grew up on Burrito Express and when I moved away I missed it. When I had the chance to eat at this location I ordered and handed the guy my card and he informs me that they do not take cards and points to a small sign on the bottom of the cash register. That was the only sign. He tells me that I can use the ATM in the store. I told him that I will not pay three dollars extra for my meal. The Internet says they accept cards, as does yelp. Please know this is not correct. A sign on the door would be great.
1	The service in this place sucks. The Mexican guy that manages the place - Mark Marin is a complete a-hole. I used to order take out from them because it was "express." He deliberately did not prepare orders on time because I asked them to have stuff ready when I came for pick-up. Last time I gave him him an extra 15 mins to do his job and got a lecture  from him that I was "late," and refused to refund my money because he's a lier. He's had many complaints about his service. What a jerk, my advice: GO SOMEPLACE ELSE.
5	This is our favorite "lunch date" place!  My husband and I love to stop in and indulge in their food whenever we are in the area.  The choices are just as good as sit down Mexican, and far better than the average take out place.  (The only thing missing is the wheelchair back to the car after such indulgence!)  It is extremely affordable too!  This particular location is in a nice area, very clean, and the employees are polite!  We have also been to the location on Alma School further north, but much rather prefer this one.
3	My opinion of the food and service has not changed. But they have gotten a bad habit of not opening on time. Sometimes up to 2 hours late!
1	i went there for my lunch brake .I ordered rolled tacos with rice and beans.It was aweful i couldn't finish my meal.It was so grease and the beans were runny .Save your money dont go there trust me.I didnt even get a sorry or a refund.
1	I've liked burrito express because they've always had cheap food and delivered. They increased the min delivery from $10 to $15 and also recently increased the prices on their menu. They have also removed many items from the menu and they will still make them for you at a more expensive price. Burrito express was my hangover spot for breakfast, but I probably won't be coming here anymore.
4	Great tasting food and speedy service, highly recommend over the competition.
5	Great food!! I go there all the time.
4	The supreme breakfast burrito is the number one breakfast burro in chandler, a must try for all.  I am impressed with the meat portions in the taco/enchilada combos as well..the downers...they desperately need some spicy hot sauce.  I hope to see this place do well and stick around for a long time to come.  I would also like to see the owner be a little tougher on a few of his employees (dress code, on the phone while working, smoking out front, etc). Overall, great spot to fill the hunger void for less than $10.00..giant drinks as well.
1	So, if I were thrashed and needing food like NOW, I'd give it better stars. It was sub-par ingredients thrown onto a plate and cost boyfriend and I about $15. He got the Nacho Supreme. It's comparable what you'd get at a Little League snack bar. Chips, "cheese sauce", dry shredded chicken, olives, and jalapenos. Let's say the only thing gone from the plate at the end of the meal were the chips. I got the "chicken and salsa" burrito. It was mostly shredded chicken (which was dry, by the way), mixed in with some salsa (very spicy), about 10 strips of shredded lettuce, and unmelted shredded cheese. The tortilla was the best part. Don't think we'll be going back.
5	I can only vouch for the steak, potato, cheese burrito, the burrito is about 4 stars, but the sauce is 5 star. So good! Breakfast burrito is also pretty good. I had a chicken, potato, cheese burrito one time and did not like it at all. But I used to be addicted to the steak one!
5	Their Steak & Salsa burrito was very very good and really big too. Great & friendly service. We were just in the neighborhood,  but next time I'm in the area, I'll go there again. Great burrito.
1	The breakfast burritos are not good at all. The ingredients are not quality, and you can get much better for your Money at a place like filibertos. The tortillas are paper thin and have zero flavor. It just really isn't good Mexican food. There's so many other good Mexican places to eat in the valley, don't choose this one.
1	minus 10 stars. This is the rudest restaurant vendor I have ever dealt with. Besides not having my phone in order done in 20 mins (I gave him that long to do it), he told me I was "late." And refused to refund my payment because it was not ready. He said loudly, in front of other customers, "YOU'RE NOT GETTING YOUR MONEY BACK."The Mexican guy that runs this place is "Mark Marin" (like in Cheech). But he pronounces it as "Marine" like he's a military hero. His father owns the franchise.Aside from that there was a woman working in the kitchen holding a baby in one arm and working with the other. I suggest everyone to check the conditions in this "restaurant" and report it to the City of Chandler Health Authorities.
5	The best burritos ever.I get the shredded beef and bean and add extra cheese. These suckers are juicy so make sure you have plenty of napkins. Add red sauce with each bite and you'll be absolutely in burrito heaven!My babes gets the steak and egg and I hardly ever actually see the thing he mows through it so quick.
