3	My boyfriend has been bugging me for weeks to come here.  We stopped by once at 7pm and they were closed.  On this night we thought we would try it again, we found out they have only been open for 2 weeks!  So the night we stopped by they were still training.  He was so excited he could barely contain himself, we walk in to a large 2 story room filled with Asians always a good sign for a shanghais style restaurant!  I was as usual the only white person and we were probably the only one language couple in the place and that one language not being Mandarin or Shanghainese.  We were really looking forward to this!As we gaze at the menu we knew it was going to be hard they had little to no english on the menu besides the actual menu items.  That is not a problem we have been to countries were no one speaks our language and we are lucky if we have pictures to decide what we will eat.  But here in the US we usually reserve these places for when his dad comes to town to help us navigate the menu.  So we relied on the waitress who spoke good english.  We told her we are open to anything and that me (the white girl will try anything)  She recommended a few things and we sat waiting with anticipation for our meal.Munchies roasted peanuts with salt, Nummy!1.  Cabbage in Chefs special sauce $8.50 cooked cabbage in a thick broth of sorts.  Was my favorite of the night the sauce was so good I did add the cabbage with a healthy portion of sauce to my rice and enjoyed over and over again.  5stars2.  Xiao Long Bao $7.50 Oh boy were we excited to see this one if you have read my earlier reviews you will know I am a critic after having the real thing in Shanghai.  These are homemade however the dumpling wrapper is to thick and over powers the actually goodness inside (not much soup) but with that said if you're new to them you will not break them but eat them right away.  2 stars3.  Waitress recommendation Pork Ribs in sweet & sour sauce $9.50 good but not great will not order again.  It was good but nothing to write home about average to less to any another place in town.  2 stars4.  Waitress recommendation Curry Sirloin in clay pot $12.50.  The meat was nice well done but the sauce was watered down and nill to none as far as the sauce goes it was filled however with boiled radish that took on the flavor of the curry but just didn't cut it for me.  I felt for that price more meat should have been added.  2 stars We did add sides of rice they do not have brown rice.2 of the 4 items ordered were our choice the other 2 were the waitresses.  We felt her choices were a watered down version of other places we have been to in town nothing to come back for.  The Xiao Long Bao were a disappointment we will not go back for those.  The only really good item was the Cabbage in Chefs special sauce and sadly that is not enough to fill a belly unless you lived in long ago days.We will be back to give it another shot but we were sadly disappointed in this experience.  But if you read Shanghainese you may find some hidden treasures that I would love to hear about and try on my next visit!
1	Lovely decor. Good attempt, but honestly every thing was bland or way too salty! Ugh!  Prices are horrendous for the amount I food that you get. So skimpy. The food:-sweet and sour spare ribs. Seriously where were the meat in this? All you got was bone and fat...and the sauce was way too vinegary. -fried yellow fish: mini pan fried fishes... crispy yes, salty? yes...way too salty. Any other flavors that redeemed the dish? NO, not at all. For like $12 you got 6 pieces of fish.. really not worth it-stir fried veggies assortment: There were celery, carrots, bamboo sprouts, button mushrooms, and this one root vegetable. This was good..but you really can't mess up a stir fry. Nothing spectacular though. Definitely some I can recreate for a lot less at home.-Stir Fry noodles: Specialty! according to the staff.. umm yea no. Basically thick udon noodles cooked with cabbage and dressed with LOTS of soy sauce.. common people-pan friend veggie rice cake: This dish was good. Lots of shanghainese food includes some assortment of rice cakes.. This was actually good, that is until we found a big long piece of hair in it. YEA....All in all the experience was quite horrible. Upon telling the waitress that we found hair in our food she just stood there looking confused. Took our credit card and said nothing else... REALLY??????? No apologies nothing? Give me a break. My mother was so furious that she didn't even want to stay to complain. We just walked out.Really would NEVER visit this place again. The funny thing is upon us leaving the restaurant another party was complaining about how bad their experience were as well. Apparently they were served RAW pork and chicken. That is a big no no no no. Also, they received very bad service and had to get up and ask just to have their tea kettle refilled with water. I give them props for having such a nice decor and making their menu look very appetizing, but really, this place is a disgrace to Shanghai style food. I would not recommend it to anyone.Honestly too, i never give out one stars..but this time with the poor service...they definitely deserve it.
4	This restaurant is named for The Bund, the famous waterfront landmark in Shanghai.  And according to my Shanghainese in-laws, the restaurant is quite authentic.  Just as there are many types of "asian" cuisine, China also has different styles of Chinese food, and Shanghai Cuisine is what is highlighted at Bund Shanghai.  This style of cooking is more on the sweet side, and is often braised in soy sauce, sugar, vinegar, or wine.  Xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) are very typical Shanghai cuisine.  An order comes with 8 delicate dumplings. They were very flavorful, however not filled with as much "soup" as I prefer.  This may be due to the fact that the wrapper they use is a bit thicker and may have absorbed it.  When this order is placed at your table, you want to eat it right away, before it cools. We also ordered the Pan Fried Pork Buns and the Pork Pot Stickers.  They were also flavorful, but they don't compare to my favorite, Din Tai Fung in SoCal.  We also ordered Grandma's Made Braised Pork in Soy Sauce.  This is a winning dish.  Be warned that there are thick pieces of pork fat on each piece, that I usually discard, but the actual meat is tender and delicious.  If you prefer spicy food, there are also Szechuan dishes offered such as Kung Pao Shrimp and Mongolian Beef, where the bright red spicy chiles are infused in every bite.  This restaurant is probably one of the most elegantly decorated authentic Chinese restaurants that I have ever eaten at.  Also the cleanest! The service was very friendly, however my in-laws communicated in their native dialect of Shanghainese to the servers the entire time.  Thus, I do not know if their will be a language barrier if I attempt to dine on my own.  This is obviously a very popular spot for the Chinese community in Las Vegas as the restaurant was quite busy the entire time we were there.  The owner of the restaurant also stopped by the table to check on us, she doted on my kids, conversed with my in-laws where we learned that her sister owns the Bund Shanghai Restaurant in San Francisco.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  There may be some dishes that you have never seen before, but be daring- give it a chance! And a huge plus is that the menu is an art piece in itself.  Every page has beautiful colorful photos of the dishes in case the description isn't enough to wet your appetite!
4	Great service!  Loved the rice cake.
4	I dont care whether the service is good or  not, loud or quiet.The food there is REAL Shanghainese food!!!Some people dont like it because they dont like the food.oh you know what. cuz you are not shanghainese.This is the first place doing so traditional shanghainese food in town.i love it.
5	Normally only one restaurant in each city will serve xao long bao (soup inside) dumpling. This is the one. Amazing!
3	The unexpected location of this restaurant surprised us.  It's nestled in between a gas station and other industrial looking stores.  Weird location?  Didn't stop us from going.  Noodles and dumplings are a major weakness of mine, so upon finding out that this new place served juicy pork dumplings/xiao long bao, we were there.  Service was friendly for even American standards, and they even checked in on us a few times and asked why didn't finish our onion pancakes (more on that later).I was jonesing for some fresh soy milk, but they had ran out of it.  Oh well, stick with good ol' cleansing hot tea.  On to the food!1.  Thick Fried Noodles - Chewy noodles, essence of wok hei and savory flavors of soy sauce.  This seemed more like a Ameri-nese (a la Panda Express), but adding in some vinegar and hot sauce, we were happily slurping all the noodles.2.  Onion Pancakes - We enjoyed the overall crispiness, but what was lacking was more flaky layers.  Concerned, they asked us why we did not finish the pancakes, we had to lie that we were too full to eat it, but truly, even if we were full, our gluttonous selves would have made room had it been more flaky.3.  Xiao Long Bao/Juicy Pork Dumplings - Clear, flavorful juice, thin chewy skin.  Impressive for the Las Vegas area.  As always, we must compare to famous Din Tai Fung, the skin wasn't as thin an membranous and the volume of broth was less voluminous.Conclusion:  For the Las Vegas area, it's certainly not the best, but this will do for my XLB cravings.
3	This is definitely the nicest asian restaurant off the strip.  The decor, plating, and cleanliness sets Bund apart from any other place on Spring Mountain.The star of the show was their Lion's Head Meatball.   You get 4 baseball size meatballs that are so soft, moist, and brings back childhood memories.   The meatballs are bursting with flavor and you'll want to drench the sauce and mop it up with a bowl of rice.   These meatballs are so good an Italian grandmother would be proud.  And for less than $10 it is a steal.  I will be back for Lion's Head for sure.As for the Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings), that was a much different story.  For those who are fans of the XLB, you obviously have not tried 3 Villages located walking distance around the corner.   The XLB here had little to no soup and the meat was not well seasoned.  Last the wrapper was overly thick.  I would expect much more here.   If you don't believe me, go ahead and do a taste test - order a XLB here and immediately walk over to 3 Villages (same plaza as Veggie House and Island Malaysia - upstairs)
5	As a half-Shanghainese who grew up eating my late Grandmother's Shanghainese cooking, I had often lamented when I had lived in San Francisco the lack of quality, authentic Shanghainese food there. Fast forward several years, I now have my own family, and moved to Las Vegas. Finding a good Chinese restaurant here has been a challenge, let alone a restaurant serving a niche cuisine such as Shanghainese. Enter Bund Shanghai. We were excited to see a menu that offered some authentic dishes, so we ordered many dishes to sample. Xiaolong bao was fantastically thin-skinned, fried pork buns were juicy yet crunchy. The drunken chicken could've used more wine sauce, but tasted authentic. We ordered the braised pork knuckles which were according to my wife, better than what she tasted in China, and the braised fish was authentic and tasty, albeit on the salty side. The fried shrimp without shells (a Shanghainese staple) were crisp and tasted very fresh. I was told that they cannot source small freshwater shrimp in Vegas, so they used salt water shrimp. Delicious nevertheless. The fried red bean cake was also delicious and very authentic.Some other reviewers noted that they received horrible service. Not our experience there. Our waitress Jane (yes I took the time to ask for her name) made us feel right at home, and her hospitality was unmistakenly Shanghainese as well. If you have seen In the mood for love by Wong Kar Wai, you'll know what I mean.Did I gush and was I being overly sentimental? Probably. But the Bund will enrich my family's life as Las Vegans, and I would give them 10 stars if I could.Locals, don't miss this place. And please, don't order Kung pao chicken or sweet and sour pork. You can do that at Panda Express.
5	The braised pork shank is unbelievably delicious! But don't order it if you have less than three people to go in with. The plate is so huge!This is the best Chinese Restaurant off the strip in Vegas. What stand out most are it's decoration, cleaness, and most importantly, the great taste of the entries. If you want to treat your lady, your business partner or someone you care a lot about, with delicious Chinese that is on par or better than the best sushi or steak dinner you've had, try Bund Shanghai. You won't be dissapointed.
5	Without a doubt, one of the best Chinese meals I have ever eaten in Las Vegas! Just back from Shanghai, the name of the restaurant jumped out us. We've driven past several times, but tonight we decided to give it a try, and, wow, what a treat! The service was extremely friendly and attentive and the suggestions turned out to be exquisite. Each dish was better than the last. If you want authentic Shanghai style food, get over to Bund Shanghai. I just loved it. Clean, friendly, well-priced, and absolutely delicious food. I can't wait to go back.
5	The food is really good. I recommend  eating there.  Just visiting Las Vegas and a friend recommended this place.
3	Ok, so the place itself is really nice w/ very modern decor, etc and the family who owns/operates it are pleasant and the food is tasty and fresh. Portions are average, as are prices and selection is enormous. (Where else have you had mango chicken?) Here's a tip though - if you want something you have to ask for it- and if you are English speaker only, you may need to find the right person to be understood, but if you ask you will get (although it may take a moment or two.) PS They serve white fungus instead of a fortune cookie at the end - very tasty, unique, and classy. 3 stars only because it was difficult at times to communicate so with the occasional wait, sometimes we didn't really know if we were being understood.
4	This 2 story restaurant was pretty busy for a Monday evening, but we were quickly seated. The menu is very diverse and includes many funky dishes, but we went conservative by ordering Szechuan eggplant hot pot that came out sizzling and a lamb stir fry with green onions. Both dishes were executed to perfection and delicious.Adding to our pleasure, we found the wait staff to be very hospitable and professional so this restaurant will remain on my To Do list.
3	the minute the hostess found out we wanted to use a groupon, she said we could only get take out???? they were supposed to be open for a hour more but the place was empty so i guess they wanted to close early.i came back again on a different night and found the food to be very good. the service was good. the decor was very nice. it was hot inside. i will return in the future.
4	Wow unbelievably beautiful hole in the wall restaurant.  The storefront definitely doesn't do it justice.  I split the lunch special Blackened Beef dish, their signature Shanghai Siu Long Bao,  and for dessert their Fried Man Tao (a Shanghai version of Beignets served with condensed milk).  The blackened beef was perfectly seasoned and stir-fried with red & green bell peppers and mushrooms.  Not too salty and the beef was not over cooked.  Their Siu Long Bao were steam filled with tender pork & soup.  Every bite was an explosion of flavor--a definite must try.  Their fried man tao were similiar to fried donuts but with a firmer consistency similar to bread.  It's got a crispy outer shell and soft breaddy inside.  It's not sugary like the american donut, but it is served with condensed milk so you can modify the sweetness yourself.  I'm excite to go back and try their hand-made Shanghai noodles next time!
4	I had a great foodie experience when I went to Shanghai and I wanted to relive that experience so I went here with a group. The restaurant was almost empty but the parking lot was full. Clean, bright and enough room.We ordered crispy fried salty pork shank, pan-fried dumplings, crab and pork xiao long bao, yang chow fried rice, mushroom with vegetable and Chongqing chicken. The crispy fried pork was everything the name implies: really salty and crispy. I recommend dipping it in vinegar to tone down the salt. The pan-fried dumplings were a bit doughy and not as good as the ones I had at Yang's Fry Dumplings in Shanghai (the best ones you'll ever have). The xiao long bao wasn't soupy at all. The filling was good though.We saw "Gold Marijuana Cake" on the menu. Really? Marijuana??? We were going to order it for dessert but when we were putting an order for it our server turned red from embarrassment. She said it's supposed to say "gold sesame cake" not marijuana! Lost in translation!They gave us free dessert: cold mung bean soup. It wasn't good and I'm glad it was free. They have soy milk so I ordered it. They serve it cold but they gave me hot soy milk because that's what I had for breakfast in China. Yay! It was hot, sweet and simple. I did my happy dance.I know I seem to be comparing the food here with what I had in China, however, to have these offerings here in Vegas is good enough reason to come here. Better than the Panda place. Will I come back? Maybe, for the pan-fried dumplings and soy milk. And no, they don't give you fortune cookies after your meal.
3	I'm always on the hunt for new places in town and with Groupon's help, I got the opportunity to check this place out. The restaurant is enormous. Two stories and very spacious. We came for lunch on a Saturday and we were the only customers for a good portion of our meal. Our server was very friendly and helpful. She made suggestions and was incredibly attentive with refills. When I ordered iced tea, she recommended it sweetened, which I'm not a fan of, but she was so insistent I just went along with it. The tea was pretty terrible. It really tasted like it was powdered instant Nestea or something. I'm not sure if it was, but I ended up just asking for water instead. I knew I needed to try their soup dumplings and I ordered a curry noodle soup as my main dish. The soup dumplings were ok, not the best I've ever had, but ok and I'd like to try some of their other dumpling options as well. My curry noodle soup was huge. I ended up dishing it up for my mom and fella to also share with me and we still didn't finish it. This dish wasn't the best, so I don't think I'd probably order it again, but it was ok. The menu is extensive and I'm interested in trying some more of their menu items that looked interesting, but nothing was really a standout. Hopefully that will change on my next visit.
3	Nothing we ate was fantastic, but it was ok. The noodle soup was tasty. The tea sucked. We commented that it tasted like powdered tea, but who knows. It was my first time trying soup dumplings and I'm not sure what I think about them yet. My girl said they were just ok. Service was good, although the restaurant was empty aside from us.
4	08/05/13 DINNERYou know, I really should be ashamed of myself.You see, I go out to restaurants a lot. Way too much for my limited "income" bracket. I end up spending virtually every penny I have doing stuff, like dining out. But one of the perks of dining out a lot is that I get, I think, a fairly good perspective of the quality of the restaurants where I live or (now very rarely) travel.The past months, since my last Yelp review, there have been some really great ones in my life, and a few so-so's. Las Vegas rarely presents me a "bad" one, thankfully. (But why do I always end up reviewing those? A desire to help others?) Sometimes I take pictures, sometimes I take notes, but I never seem to make enough time to post my reviews on Yelp. (Most of the time they end up on the Facebook of my spouse.)Shame on me. And I apologize.Well, this time it was a very good one.We arrived at Bund Shanghai to a HUGE room, virtually empty. There was a 10-top, complete with lazy susan, filled with folks, and a couple sitting off to the side in a booth. That was it. And all were Asians. And then there was us. The waitress handed us three menus, but one was obviously for "non-Asians", as it had very typical Chinese items, such as kung pao shrimp (and did I actually see egg foo yung?), on a small summarized quickly-put-together menu. We thought it was rather amusing. We set that menu aside immediately, noticing that it was a redundant subset of the other two menus anyway, and started on the regular menus. There's a section within the larger, very graphic and beautiful main menu in which the dishes are very, very expensive (hundreds of dollars, I kid not) and no English is used to describe them, but we could tell from experience they were things such as shark fin and abalone. We were there with our cheap-o Groupon coupon, so those were obviously out for us. (We've had shark fin before, a very long time ago, we didn't think it was "all that", and would never order it now, considering the damage the harvesting of fins has caused to the shark population.) Perusing, we got very excited to see the Shanghai dishes, because, idiots that we are, we never tried to seek out the various regional cuisines of China while in Los Angeles, where we lived most of our lives. So that's where we focused, when ordering.We ordered 4 dishes all at once, a mistake we invariably make every time in restaurants such as these. I suggest you order 1 or 2 at a time, as they come almost instantly, and in our case out of sequence. (The dumplings came out second, but that was fine.)Soup dumplings: Eight in all. I've had soup dumplings in Las Vegas once before, at China Ma Ma, and those were light. These were heavier and more earthy, so I'd have to say I liked these maybe a little more.Shanghai Style Fried Shrimp: Simply shrimps, no shell or heads, no veges, nothing else, stirred until translucent white (not red or pink) in some sort of white sauce. Nothing much to it, I tasted no garlic or ginger, some would say "bland", but not really, as the restaurant provides a vinegar sauce for dipping, and when you do, it changes the entire flavor of the shrimps. The waitress got all excited when we ordered this specific dish, because it was "typical Shanghai", in her words. And, she said, "some people (we guessed she meant non-Asian) don't care for the vinegar". We loved it. And a very light dish, considering what came next.Grandma's Pork in Soy Sauce: Basically chunks of pork belly with twisted "ribbons" of tofu in a very dark sauce, surrounded with steamed pieces of bok choy. Heavy duty, more a winter than summer dish, the pork was a little tough, but tasty, and the fat side on each pork piece was nice. But the tofu soaked up all of the good flavors of the sauce, and I actually quite liked those more so than the pork! Overall, a very good dish.Eggplant with Soy Beans and Scrambled Eggs: This was a fave of the night. We were expecting "heavy", but it wasn't at all. It wasn't greasy or flabby, as some Chinese eggplant dishes can be. Quite lovely.We were stuffed, as usual. And quite happy.Next time we wanna try the Braised Pork Shank (it is said you need 3-4 people to order that dish, looking at it, it's pretty impressive!) and perhaps the sea cucumber (something we've eaten only twice, first time at a terrible place, but the second time a glorious black concoction, at a restaurant in Arcadia CA personally recommended for that specific dish by Jonathan Gold).I guess I gotta host a Meetup here sometime. There's plenty of room, that's for sure.
3	Went here on a groupon deal. The quality of food is excellent and it is absolutely delicious! The menu is excellent. It has a picture for everything! It was especially great for us because we didn't quite know what to get and didn't have to mentally envision what our food might look like through the descriptions. Ah, the great adventures in dining! I have to say the thing I didn't quite appreciate was the service. We are not Asian, and it felt like we were being treated like the red headed step children. After we placed our orders, we got our food and that was it. We didn't even have anyone come by to refill our drinks, nor ask if we needed anything else. We had to go out of our way to wave down waiters. I hate to say this but I did notice that others that were dining...who were Asian getting lots of attention. Maybe it was just our waitress that sucked. I don't know...but it was annoying. Bad service lowers the rating of this place for me. The food as I stated earlier was great quality and very tasteful. Grandma's short ribs was sooooooooooo yummy! If I can put aside my feelings of how I was treated, I might go back. But for now, i'm not too sure.
4	I love the food, the ambiance and the people here but there are a few things to improve for better business. I hope the owner will see my review.1) If your price is higher than the average chinese restaurant then you need to make it in bigger portion. I realized that they have been cutting down on the portion recently and they are not consistent every time we order.2) If you want to be competitive, you got to offer free soup either for lunch and/or for dinner. I am not talking about egg drop or sweet and sour soup, I am talking about the authentic chinese soup and they should be different everyday like what other restaurants do.3) We are seriously tired of the green bean dessert. It has no taste at all. Desserts are supposed to be different everyday. Please learn from other restaurants. Unless you welcome only people from Shanghai, you need to change the way you do business so you get more customers. If you consider yourself a premium restaurant, please act like one. Don't be stingy on the portion and little stuff like soups and desserts. Those raw foods are cheap! You need to come up with new ideas! I hope you guys can last for a long long time coz the food is pretty good and fresh to be honest. Good luck!
4	I love shanghai-nese food since I am shanghai-nese.  The staff was helpful in ordering stuff.  Food was quite good so no complaints.  I would come back when I am in town.
5	Firstly, the outside of this is completely invisible. It's just a seemingly random building that nobody glances at. Inside is this extremely nice restaurant. Too nice for Chinatown, I think. I was shocked. Two-story-high ceilings, everything is in perfect condition, beyond the "western" standards. I mean, you know how it usually is in most Chinatown spots - they're kept running at bare minimum cleanliness so nobody notices.Anyway. The food. Browsing the menu, I've seldom seen so many hilarious typos and oddities. Gems include:- Crap and pork dumplings- A mixed pot of miscellaneous- Abgus beed- Fried tofu with brown sauceAppetizing. Anyway we stuck with (over a few visits):Shanghai style fried rice cakes: this is my newly acquired favorite. Not everyone can pull this off and I think it's due to the quality of rice cake and then the way it is cooked. Theirs is perfect. Soft rice cake that almost breaks apart with a little pressure. Flavors right, with the crunch of the cabbage and leafy greens. Loved it.Fried taro sticks: imagine taro fries with a lot of salt and even more pepper. We didn't expect this. We expected something a little bit on the neutral/sweet side. Did not like.Hot and sour soup: It's what you expect, with extra sourness. Nothing noteworthy. Not bad, but not memorable.Pork dumplings: Yes. Get these. If these are any indication of the rest of their dumplings then this is my favorite dumpling spot in Vegas, easily. They were filled with delicious soup, quality ground pork, and all the flavors were just right. I loved these. I wanted more but I knew I still had to eat....Pan fried pork buns: Yes. Yes yes yes yes. Absolutely get these. Steamed pork buns with the perfect pan frying on the bottom. I don't know how they got it so perfect but it's very crunchy on the bottom, a little crispy on the sides, and soft steamed bun goodness on top. Inside is pork with soup like the dumplings. It's amazing. Seriously.Tofu and vegetables in a clay pot. Could a menu item be more descriptive? Only if it named suppliers. This is exactly what it sounds like, in a lightly sweet sauce. It stays hot for a long time so please don't burn yourself as many tunes as times as I did.Eggplant with tofu. I think they cooked the eggplant just right. They left some firmness in. But the sauce was too much and could probably be cut in half. Still, I love eggplant and this was a must.Rice cake sesame balls: These were served in a bowl with a very subtly sweet water. The water is nothing to speak of, but we suspected the balls were made in-house. The sesame paste inside was very tasty. These were really fun to eat.Papaya... pastry?: Basically, puff pastry with papaya filling. Essentially a papaya turnover. This could not be bad, and it wasn't. It's exactly what you'd expect.Service was timely, and prices were very reasonable for the quality we got. I loved most of what we had and I'd definitely be back. I liked another detail often overlooked - the tea pots. They had the end of the spouts curved to fit a teacup underneath, and pour perfectly almost without lifting much without any spills. I was wowed. Yes, sometimes I'm easily amused but hey, in all my years experiencing Asian cuisine, this has never happened. Oh yeah, tea was good.
4	Surprisingly nice looking restaurant with a two story dining room and lovely table settings. Service was excellent..friendly, helpful, attentive and food was timed beautifully.The food was lovely to look at and really well done. Unlike many restaurants in town which have "cooks", it is clear this kitchen has "chefs" trained to deliver food piping hot and absolutely delicious. All the dishes we tried were really good and I am excited to go back and try more of their menu items. I have had better soup dumplings elsewhere but they rank highly as better than normal soup dumplings. The nice thing was that the dumplings actually had the soup in them rather than leaking out while they were cooked. The crab soup dumpling I thought was better than their pork soup dumplings. The overall package of ambiance, service and food is really terrific. I
1	For the smelling fish we ordered, I will give a none star for this dish and the owner who huddled our complain. If you want to try " sweet and sour fish" give a second thought , I doubt the fish is fresh as the owner said.
1	Came here with a few friends for dinner and we ordered a lot of food. I'm a big fan of soup dumplings, but the ones here definitely was not worth it. It was really dry and the point of the dumplings were to be filled with juice. We also ordered the sweet and spicy fish (I think that's what its called) and it was extremely fishy tasting. I'm Chinese and I eat a lot fish so I know the difference between good fish compared to bad and this was the most HORRIBLE fish we have ever tasted. We took a bite of it and almost puked our brains it. The service was decent, but the owner was very nonchalant to our complain about their fish not being fresh.
4	This restaurant needs a better location. Outside of the restaurant looks terrible with limited parking spaces available. You'll miss this spot if you don't pay attention. It seems more like a business office being located right next to a gas station. Inside though is entirely a different story. It has a grwat atmosphere for a chinese restaurant. Seems to be more classy than a typical chinese restaurant. Great furniture and several large TVs set around with chinese decorations. This is what a chinese restaurant should look like, which reminds me of family when I went here. This place most likely is set for large groups or family as there are many large tables. The menu comes with many pictures that go along what the dishes look like. They have some high end dishes that you can order as well. The food here is good. Though, the 'Hot and Sour Soup' did not suit my taste. I felt that this soup consists of too much black pepper or something was wrong as I did not find it to be any good. Then, the bean soup dessert at the end was not any good either. Usually at other chinese restaurants they serve it as hot, but this restaurant serves it cold which I felt it was not fresh or spectacular. Yet, it is still definitely a place worth a try, and a place I would come back to.
5	I'm usually not a fan of Shanghai food but the food here was delicious, starting with the juicy siu long Bao, to their shanghai style chow mein, to my favorite the slightly sweeten mini Mochi ball withHibiscus flower aromatic sense adding the final touch to my yummy meal.  If you sick of eating the buffets in Vegas and looking for some lighter shanghai food, this place is highly recommended.  The restrooms were very clean and there was excellent customer service, really good meal...
4	Much nicer, cleaner, and better service than I usually expect in Chinatown!Ordered two different noodle dishes and some pork buns!House Noodle with Pork and Scallion ($7.50). This was pretty good! Not much meat hiding in here though...but the sauce that was on the noodles was good, similar to a Hoisin.  Shanghai Fried Thin Noodle ($9.50). The noodles come in a thick clear gravy-like sauce that makes the crunchy noodles soft on the bottom. The flavors were ok here, but I would pass on this next time.But THIS is the reason you should come here!Pan Fried Pork Buns ($7.50). These were DELICIOUS!!! Crispy outsides with VERY juicy insides. They come out fresh and piping hot!  And I didn't care how hot they were...I would eat them and still smile as they burned the inside of my mouth LOL.  These are the best I've had so far....Delicious!I'll be back for more bao!  Hopefully there are other goodies hiding on the menu for next visit :)
1	So we went to Bund Shanghai for lunch this afternoon...... The vegetarian dumplings, crispy pork buns and xiao long bao were fairly decent, but nothing to write home about. Then our last dish comes out and that was the "Shanghai Crispy Noodles." We mix it together, get a small portion to just try it and I find a F*CKING EYELASH in my noodles!!!!!!!! We immediately stop eating, ask for the plates to be taken away and for the check.. They bring the check WITH THE NOODLES STILL ON THE CHECK!!! I ask my friend to tell them to take that off since we didn't eat it and the cashier starting acting up!!! Throwing the check to her coworker and slamming it around. She then told my friend she didn't know what was on the plate and that it wasn't "long enough" to be a hair.............. Without losing my mind, we got it taken off, paid our bill for what we did eat and got out.. DO NOT BOTHER EATING HERE!!!!! THE SERVICE HERE IS BY FAR THE MOST ABSOLUTELY FOUL/HORRID/ROTTEN SERVICE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED IN MY LIFE AND WE WILL DEFINITELY NEVER RETURN!!!!
3	Our hiking group goes to Chinatown for a New Year's lunch each January/February.  Today, we went to Bund Shanghai.  One of our group had been here and she liked it very much.  She arranged the lunch ahead of time.  Since she's from Taiwan, there is never a language problem when we're with her in Chinatown.For lunch, the 10 of us shared these Shanghai style dim sum selections: soup dumplings (XLB),  crab and pork soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, beef fried buns, pot stickers, spicy won ton, rice cake stir fry with pork and cabbage, Shanghai fried thin noodles, red bean pan cake, and eight treasure rice pudding.All of us liked the food very much.  I found the XLB to be a bit bland.  My favorite was the Shanghai fried noodles.  I'd go back just for that.Service was excellent.  Shirley spoke with the staff for the most part, but the hostess and one of the servers had great English so we'd be OK if we went without Shirley.The restaurant is very nicely appointed.  It's not very large but can hold several large parties like ours at their large round tables.  The parking lot is very, very small!I have to come back and try this for a regular dinner, not just dim sum, to get a better feel for the dishes.  But, this was a very good lunch!Edit:  My photos don't do justice to most of the dishes.  I was sitting in the wrong section of the circle and those from our group started digging into the dishes before I could get a photo of the entire dish.  Plating was very nicely done!
5	Food: The food is surprisingly good. We ordered the shanghai dumplings, shanghai pan fried buns, salty rice clay pot, shanghai style stir fry noodle, and ja jeurng meen. Don't order the curry beef stew, it wasn't that good. This place (I'm going out on a limb here) is comparable to food from SF or LA, and may even be cheaper now. Be prepared to wait for food sometimes, especially any type of bun/pastry related food. It's hit or miss, sometimes we had to wait 30 mins for the pan fried buns, one time it was only 5-10 mins. They say they are making it "fresh".Ambience: For a chinese restaurant, this place is nicely decorative and spacious. It has the traditional grand Chinese restaurant feel, like you could hold a banquet here. The furniture is nice and doesn't look like they got jt from a cheap furniture store. The have high ceilings so that's an added plus.Service: They are friendly and speak English, so what's more to ask for? They also seem to be very attentive and polite, despite how understaffed it looks sometimes.Parking: It sucks. The restaurant is in an awkward cubby hole. More parking in the back, but requires walking.Come back: Hell yeah
5	My wife and I are hosting two exchange high-school students from Shanghai and they had been disappointed in not finding authentic Chinese food. I interpret that as most of what we call "Chinese" here is not only food restyled for the tastes of us gaijin (foreigners) but the typical Cantonese style food that has been the usual "Chinese" here for decades.On a drive through Las Vegas Chinatown, one of our "adopted daughters" noticed a sign in Chinese that said, "Shanghai Restaurant" and asked if we could try it. Well, that was a good suggestion. The place doesn't look like much from the outside, but the interior is quite pleasant. All the other customers were speaking Chinese, so that's a good sign. The staff was friendly and even gregarious, the service spot-on. When I dropped my knife on the floor, I was handed a replacement in about the time you could say "I dropped my knife."Our students ordered Shanghai chicken, rice soup, fish soup, noodles, dim sum dumplings, shrimp, fried eggplant and I don't know what else. My wife wanted pork potstickers, I thought the sizzling beef sounded good, and for our daily vegetable we got the green beans with potato. OK, the potstickers were good; the beef was indeed sizzling, with onions and chunks of bell peppers - think of Chinese fajitas. Yummy! The vegetable dish was like fresh string beans with French fries in a Hoisin sauce or similar. I thought it was exceptional. In fact, the students insisted we come back for lunch the next day. Prices can add up if you are ordering individual dishes in the Chinese way of doing things, but they have an American-style $6,99 lunch special that is very much a bargain. This is truly delicious and authentic Shanghai-style food and I would give them six stars if I could.
4	A Great Surprise!On a recent trip to LV (Feb.23) we wanted to get out of the busy tourist area and decided to visit Chinatown for lunch. Had no idea where to stop, just drove looking for the right place to pop up. We pulled over to gas up and behind the station noticed Bund Shanghai and decided to try it.What a nice surprise. Don't let the meek outside entrance hold you back. You will say Wow when you get in and are greeted so friendly. A very nice interior, amazing menu, excellent service, very clean and the food is prepared to order fresh and hot.We ordered the Shredded Pork and Salted Fish. Each item is served with delicious soup and steamed rice. $6.99. The fish was so good and the pork was stir fried to perfection.Our server was so attentive and I shared with him upon the arrival of our check that I will definitely write a review. He was so gracious and kind.next time you are in LV I suggest to get away and visit Chinatown and Bund Shanghai
5	Honestly don't know why I haven't review this place earlier. I'm Shanghainese!So, in my honest, shanghainese opinion, this is the best place to get sheng jian bao in Las Vegas. Most places don't fry the bao long enough or quite right so the dough is still raw. This place fries the outside perfectly and you can see the burnt yumminess on the bottom of the bao. The top is glistening with a few sesame seeds. These baos won't explode in your face once you bite into them, but they will ooze out delicious soup. The texture and the taste of the pork is done quite well and the ratio of meat to doughy skin is good too. Other stuff I recommend are the shanghainese small won tons, drink chicken, lamb chops, and pork thigh.The place is a little pricey but honestly, this place is authentic or as close to authentic as you can get to Shanghainese food in Vegas. Service was very attentive for us (maybe because we're shanghainese?) lol. Oh, and park is a hassle. Gotta get lucky with that!
4	I would have never discovered this little gem if I had read an article in which Soho Chef John Chien Lee mentioned them.  They're rather hidden since the building isn't directly on Spring Mountain, but on Decatur.  First off, this place is really pretty and fancy inside and the staff is friendly and on the ball, providing top notch service that you don't expect in a Chinatown establishment. Their XLB was pretty good, but not the best we've tried.  The best things we tried were the stir fried lamb and the rice cake with pork, absolutely delicious!  We also tried the crispy fried salt pork shank, which I wouldn't order again.  It was pretty tough and at the $20 price tag I expected much better.  On the next visit we plan to try the braised pork shank and the lion's head meatballs that other yelpers were raving about.
2	Came here because of the 5 stars. Disappointed for the following reasons. The food is below par for a restaurant. It is just family level cooking. But the price is restaurant level. Their soup dumplings are ok but not as good as china mama. Their crullers were very greasy and lacking in taste. The glutinous new year noodle and house style noodle were ok but again at family cooking level. Their green onion pancakes were made without repeated kneading to achieve the multilayered effect. They were baked bread with green onions in it. Their pan fried steamed buns were not steamed. Just fried baked buns with little taste. Last but not least the other reviews stating their management's mishandling of bills were sadly true. We ordered soy milk to go with the crullers but it never came after we finished ALL our foods. Told them to cancel and they repeatedly tried to make us wait for it. We declined and the bill came without the $4 charge. But when the credit card bill came, the $4 was back on it. We refused to sign for it and they gave us the correct bill. BTW the place is nicely decorated. This is not a place I'd recommend now. Hope they improve.
5	We went to Bund Shanghai early on a Thursday evening. There was nobody in the place and I was feeling a little skeptical about the food. We were handed menus that were like encyclopedias of Shanghai culinary arts; very expansive with photos of the dishes they offer. For appetizers, a smoked fish dish was ordered as well as Shanghai soup dumplings. The dumplings were as good as soup dumplings get. So good, we asked for another order. The entrees consisted of a Chinese broccoli that was white (looked like cauliflower), sweet and sour pork, Shanghai thick chow noodles, and spicy shredded pork and vegetables. Each dish was prepared like Chinese cuisine, not fast food style. Soooo good...even compared to the best San Francisco or New York Chinese food. The restaurant was very clean and the staff extremely helpful and friendly.
5	Get the pork and crab xiao lung bao! It's the best I've ever had and I will be back for this!
3	Seeing the reviews on Yelp it looks like a really good place to eat because of the high reviews . The items were pretty pricey and the food was ok. Was really expecting something more authentic Chinese but seems like it was watered down to make it more American. Overall the experience was good.
5	The most authentic shanghai food, and the best shanghai restaurant in Las Vegas and LA. I go to there every weekend, I like the roast fish and lamb there. And they have the special cheap price on lunch time.
2	Bund Shanghai - it was definitely decorated up to par with the Bund in Shanghai.  I was pleasantly surprised with the interior as I stepped into the restaurant.  However, I wish I can say the same about the food here.If you are an experienced Shanghai cuisine diner, then you will understand when I say that the chefs at Bund definitely tries to authenticate their cooking.  Almost every dish we had was lacking on something - too bland, too salty, not enough salt...  They do, however, have the crab xiao long bao, which is hard to find here in Las Vegas.  I will come back if I am craving crab xiao long bao but can't make the drive to San Gabriel, CA.  I will probably come back if I ever need to treat non-Chinese clients to some Shanghainese cuisine, who may not know any better.   Or if I want some crab xiao long bao.  :)
3	Came to Bund Shanghai on Thursday for a semi-late lunch. My friend and I originally was going to try A&K but A&K told us they didn't have any xiao long bao so we decided to come to Bund Shanghai. I was in the mood for some XLB! Or pork soup dumplings. This was my first time at Bund Shanghai so I was pleasantly surprised that they had Chinese donut on the menu. And after having some amazing green onion pancake during my SoCal trip... I was also craving that. Then I saw soy milk! Needless to say this is what we ordered:2 orders of XLB1 order of Chinese donut1 order of sweet soy milk1 order of green onion pancakeThe Chinese donut came first and I must say, it's pretty good. It was fresh when it came out but I have to also say that I've had better. But I don't see these too often in Vegas so I'll let it pass! :P But eat it when it's fresh or it'll taste really yucky with the amount of oil they used.Sweet soy milk came out shortly after...but why is it slightly gray in color? I thought it was supposed to be white. I'm also not really used to how they served it here. Normally. I'm used to places serving you plain hot soy milk and if you want it sweet, you get to add the sugar yourself but here at Bund Shanghai, you choose either sweet or salty. They already have it prepped for you.And then the XLB! I was excited and really wanted to try it since I've heard pretty good things about this place. However, all of the XLB were popped. What does that mean? It means none of the dumplings had soup in them. They had all leaked out. The MAIN point of why this type of dumpling is so good is because it has broth inside them. Our 2nd order of it wasn't any better. It had maybe 1-2 that wasn't popped but the rest were popped. Another thing about the XLBs were that... the meat was slightly sweet. That got me so confused. When I ate it, the whole thing tasted really really really weird. So when I ate the meat on its own, I find that the meat is a little sweetened. That is just odd to me. And the meat was also mushy ... T_T so so so weird.Our green onion pancake came in last. Soooooooooooo, this doesn't look normal. The green onion pancakes I usually have are really thin but Bund Shanghai gave me green onion pancake Americano style. It was literally as thick as a pancake. I tried a bite or two, all the while muttering, "What the hell am I eating?" Needless to say, we didn't finish this dish.Overall, really average. The service was pretty slow. On top of that, it was a huge disappointment. How do you pop ALL of my xiao long baos?!?! I'm not sure if I'll come back .. but if I do, I'm definitely trying something else maybe noodles or something.
4	I have just returned from Vegas and ate twice at Bund Shanghai. It was so good the first time; the second time I brought more friends to the restaurant.As far as a Shanghai restaurant, it is very authentic, perhaps not as good as SF Bay area where there is a vast Chinese population and vast amount of Chinese restaurants, but for Vegas, wow, it's excellent! The best things are the dumpling dishes and year cake Shanghai style. Service is better than most of the Chinese restaurants I have been to.For those who bitch about the service is bad, they are Leona Helmsley wannabes. For those badmouth the food, they need to get new tongues. For those who have nothing better to do than complaint, join the Real Housewives of Wanker county.
3	Technically... at 3 1/2 star ... based on two visits. First visit a 4-star. Most recent visit. 3-star.My first visit was for dinner with some family. Golden Sesame Cake - its like a baked sesame bread, slightly sweet. It was a great pairing with the braised pork shank :D picked up the sauce well and nice to put meat in between the cake too ! Braised Pork Shank - large pork shank braised to a fork tenderness. A bit salty to eat alone but as i had mentioned previously, it was delicious to be eaten with either the golden sesame cake, or white rice. Comes out whole on a large plate. Great "huge" presentation. meat was super tender. great for family dinners. Beef Pan Fried Bun - completely different from what i expected. Thought it was going to be the same, in terms of flavor and seasoning as the pork version but the beef version, its seasoned much differently. more of a black pepper seasoning?Then my most recent second visit for lunch, because we've heard quite a few good things about this place. There seemed to be a huge party going on in the main dining room so we were seated in the room towards the front. Slight lack of air circulation. Sweet Hot Soy Milk - First item to arrive. Normally a fresh soy milk is a nice white color, maybe a very slight beige. For some odd reason, this was a grey-ish color. Didn't seem like it was a bad batch. Not sure the reason for the color. I've made plenty fresh soy milk and never been that color. Didn't taste bad? It was a bit sweet, for me, but for my friend... she said it was good. Chinese Donut - hot, fresh out of the fryer. Crispy and light. Not the best ive had but pretty good. Lighter than the better versions ive had but pretty good. Easily the best thing of the meal.... surprisingly/unfortunately D: Green Onion Pancake - THIS... WAS WEIRD... why is the pancake SUPER CRISPY and FRIED?! ALL the other versions ive had, were all lightly heated and soft. This... had no soft spots... it was crispy all the way through ! ! what the heck ... yeah this was only partially eaten.. didnt even take it to go because i didn't know how to re-heat it, esp since its already so hard... it will get harder (lol...) Xiao Long Bao - THIS... was disappointing. We came here for lunch. There was a lunch special for it. 5.95 per order. So we had two orders. Each order has 8 dumplings. First order? ALL had a hole in it. No soup. Second order? All but 2 were popped. From the texture of the dumplings, it seemed like they were OVER-steamed to the point where they popped. The meat, lack of "bite". Too soft/mushy? The ONLY good side to this, was the waiter said our orders were come one after another. to stay hot. that was a good gesture. but thats about it for this. Service in the beginning was decent. Then after we had gotten our foods, the servers were no where to be found. I had to walk out to the main room to find someone to bring us our check. After that, i just gave up and took the check to the front to pay. Customer attention, not their strong suit. But apparently, not their food either. Super sad. I've heard amazing things about their XLB specifically and that was a disappointment.
4	Bund Shanghai is a little off the beaten path. From the outside, the facade doesn't look like it would be anything good, but once you walk into the oversized glass entrance,  (is it a hint for other customers?) The place has a nice ambience. I don't understand the Chinese music that's playing in the background, but it appease and adds to the ambience they are going for. The service is great, very attentive without being too suffocating.The food, it's great. I've only have soup dumplings over at China Mama, and I have to say, the soup dumplings here and Bund Shanghai is better. Better tasting soup, filled with a little bit more meat...and the wrap does not break easily when you pick it up, but it does when you need it to let off the steam.Also ordered the beef noodle soup long with the soup dumplings,  the beef is so tender that it just melted as soon as it touched my tongue. The soup base itself is great. Not too strong,  but strong enough to go perfectly with the noodles. Only downside was the drinks....wasn't enough. I love Thai tea and I know already that they don't do refills. What sucks is the glass container they put the Thai tea in is a little small. Thing is, I always ask if they would do refills....and one restaurant here in vegas does do refills on Thai tea.Over all, I would recommend Bund Shanghai to friends and family.
3	Nice service. Got tofu. It was okay. The dumplings were good. Service was okay. The waiters thought I was Chinese. That just crosses the line.Kidding. I'd go back at another's request but not on my own.
5	Awesome soup dumplings and a wonderful place for Shanghai. Every time I visit I come here to eat and the owners recognizes me. The service is also good! If one of the workers don't understand me they quickly let the other waiter know I need something. Their crab soup dumplings are my favorite :)
4	I'm always on the hunt for new places to get my xiao long bao fix. I've been here three times now and they may not have the best soup dumplings in town but the service and cleanliness makes all the difference compared to 1900 and china mama. Also, I've seen a lot of reviews in regards to the xiao long bao's and pan fried buns not having soup in them for various reasons but I have yet to have this problem. They always come out juicy and with plenty of broth inside and the pan fried buns have a nice crisp.
4	I didn't take any photos of my food because I was having lunch with my mom and her friend. Didn't want to be rude and stop them eating before taking photos. Anyways, for a Chinese restaurant in china town, I really liked the cleanliness.I knew about this place for a while but never went to try it until my mom said this place is better than 1900 on the dumplings and buns. (They kick 1900's butt BTW, price and taste!) We ordered the XLB. The skin was perfect, it wasn't super thick and chewy. Much thinner than most places and the soup was fully intact too. I know there were some reviews saying they lost their soup before they were served. Also had the fried wontons. Can I say OMG best fried wonton. It wasn't soggy and it was perfectly cripsy. so yummy! Didn't feel like it was oilly too much either. It was like a pot sticker but wonton done that way!Then my mom's friend ordered a noodle. I forgot what it was, but it was a little on the lighter side. A bit bland but its ok. The noodles were awesome. I usually hate the noodles to be chewy hard but they were nice and soft. They didn't seem overcooked to me. overall, the service was great! And I don't speak chinese either. The server was very welcoming and spoke to my mom and her friend in chinese but spoke to me in english noticing I don't understand. Both the servers that helped us were polite and smiling. Honestly, even if you're on good terms with servers out in china town... They always have some kinda rude habits. Didn't get this vibe from them. I was certainly impressed with the servers. They were too polite I didn't even think I was in china town
4	I would give this restaurant 4.5 and it let me. I love the dishes in here: the cold and hot dishes, dessert and everything... Server was friendly and also the owner of this restaurant. Price was reasonable compares to the quality of the food.
3	My title rep recommended Bund Shanghai for our lunch meeting. I felt confident trusting her judgement because she is Chinese and speaks fluent Mandarin...sort of like having a VIP connection when ordering :)My first impression of BS was how nice and clean this establishment is...no funky odors or dirty smells from unsanitary conditions found in some Chinese restaurants. The decor was very nice and we sat at one of the cute booths. The place settings are very pristine and made me excited to enjoy a meal here.We ordered some pan fried dumplings which S recommended, stir fried noodles and some har gow shrimp dumplings.I don't remember the name of the stir fried noodles we had and I don't see them on the online menu here, but they were very good. I posted a picture that looks exactly like it does on their current menu. The noodles had the right chew (like al dente spaghetti) with a very light brown sauce and what seemed like minced mushrooms, maybe a little pork mixed in with julienned cucumbers. It was light and delicious.The har gow was ok...not much flavor but ok.The deep fried dumplings had a unique texture combination of steamed doughy dumpling and lightly pan fried bottoms, accented with black sesame seeds and minced green onions on top. The filling wasn't as flavorful as I hoped, and even S agreed they weren't as good as usual...possibly attributed to the recent change in chefs. But they were fun to eat with a little chili sauce to enhance it.The owners seems to know the regulars and S was treated well as one of them. We got to enjoy a special complimentary jelly-like dessert with pieces of squash that S called the "inexpensive version of bird's nest soup", and the owner claimed to be "good for our skin".My rating should be more like 3.75 stars. Good food and a good value for this unassuming place on the Southwest corner of Decatur and Spring Mountain. The parking lot is scarce with additional parking in the back. It's a nice family owned restaurant with friendly service and good food. I'm looking forward to coming back with my family soon and enjoying the other menu items. Xie Xie!
5	The food is so good. Ask for server David! He is kind patients and funny. Ask him to recommend the dishes are tasty. Their dishes isn't like other Chinese food. Full of shanhainess flavor.  Spicy frog is tasty. Always be back soon-
4	Restaurant was clean. Service was efficient and friendly. Went on a Sunday night. Not too busy. Had at least 3 different servers at our table making sure our party of 4 was well taken care of. Water and tea were always refilled promptly. We tried to regular steamed soup dumplings and the crab ones. You only get 8 as opposed to some places that give you 10, but I'd rather have 8 good ones then 10 that are only okay. Both were super yummy. The cumin lamb did not have a lot of cumin like 1900 and Dumpling King. The beef and green beans were tender. Both meat dishes tasted a little too sweet for my tastes...kinda like too much hoisin sauce. The seafood tofu pot was light and yummy with super soft and silky tofu. We will definitely be back to try more items.  Some of the items are a little pricey, but most are on par.
3	They serve dimsum. Both Shangainese and Cantonese.There are only two items I enjoyed here: xiao long bao and the pan friend dumplings. My other usual orders of dimsum like the shrimp hacao and shumai...uh huh. NOPE.However, I do have to give additional stars to bund Shanghai for their exceptional service, and clean -- very clean -- restaurant.I say, I would come back here just for the XLB. It was really good.
1	Soup dumplings xlb without soup?! Nuff said. Go to 1900 Asian Cuisine down the street on 5115 Spring Mountain Rd.
2	This review is solely on their xiao long bao. As much as I hoped it to better from all the Yelp Reviews I read, I was super disappointed when I finally tried them out. (I was craving XLB all dayyyy and I typically go to 1900 Asian Cuisine for XLB but they were closed the day I went so I resorted to this place). The meat filling and soup was way too salty for my liking. Although the dough/dumpling wrapping was not too thick, its texture seemed to be a bit old and not too fresh. Most authentic Shanghai restaurants typically provide the fresh ginger along with the soy sauce, so it was a bit of a surprise to me when I had to order the fresh ginger on the side. In addition to the XLB, I ordered the hot and sour soup-- ya, no go. It was surprisingly bland and needed a bit more flavor. Overall customer service was good, but food was eh.
5	Great lunch specials. The soup dumplings are the best in town! Great staff and atmosphere. Parking is a little tight but worth it.
4	I love this place, but this is my first time here.  This restaurant is immaculately clean!  The service was really nice and friendly.  My sister and I  ordered the fried pork buns and the duck in brown sauce- both were delicious.  The fried pork bun was light yet tasty.  The duck in brown sauce was super flavorful- the brown sauce is sweet with a hint of star anise and some other Chinese spices.  There are so many dishes on the menu I want to try.  I'm definitely coming back here !
4	Why does this place have such low reviews? I thought the food was delicious! My sis and I ordered the duck in brown sauce, pan fried pork dumplings and house noodles. All three items were flavorful and delicious - not too salty, not too sweet, not too greasy - all the flavors blend harmoniously together. This place is immaculate as there isn't a dirty spot anywhere. We loved the service and we will be back!!!
5	Excellent dinner service. Very clean. Green beans, cumin lamb, soup dumplings and shrimp are always on our list here.
5	Great XLB. Keep on coming back to this place. My favorite dish is the cumin lamb, it reminds me of Mediterranean dishes. The service is very friendly and this must be the cleanest place in China town!!! Even the restrooms are spotless. Highly recommended.
1	Terrible terrible service. Even with all the asian restaurants standard, I have not seen a worst customer service until today. We feel cheated by this place. Really it is the manager, the servers are sweet and even they say that they couldn't do much, that's just her. As someone who has worked at a restaurant before, this place does not deserve your time and money. What happened was: We called in 2 days ago with our special order ( Peking duck and chicken soup). We got here at 6pm as per our reservation, waited for 2 hours and finally our Peking duck finally came... Cold! Did they just got a To go order from another store or what? It doesn't make any sense. Oh and mind you, with the 2day ahead order, 2 hour wait... This duck has a steep price of $58! And what was supposed to be hot and crispy duck pieces were cold like salad toppings!The chicken soup too, taste like "dish water" according to my mother. And I agree. I am no chef but I can certainly do better than that.We then politely spoke to the manager, she straight up said that she didn't see anything wrong with any of our orders. We feel terrible for the servers, to have to work for a manager like this woman. As customers, we will laugh at the thought of returning back here. Consider yourself warned!
1	On the account of my friend's recommendation we visited this restaurant today, Dec.27,14 on a Saturday evening. We missed our old buddy Restaurant, 1900 on Spring Mountain Rd which was closed and decided to venture out for a new Shanghainese restaurant. There are 6 of us, 4 adults are all familiar with Shanghainese food like XLB, drunken chicken etc..We are not looking for the delicious Shanghainese cuisine in Shanghai or Taipei, we just want to have a decent meal of Shanghai style.I was quite impressed by the ambience and all the elaborate and appetising pictures on the manual, but unfortunately that were all they are good at.The XLB has strong porky odor to it and there was no soup inside the wrapping. All the cold appetizers like jelly fish, drunk chicken, 3-yellow chicken, bean with Tofu paper are completely different in their look compared to that of the pictures, they must have been in the fridge for days. The chicken were chewy, not tender as one would expect. The jelly fish was very salty.Of the 4 entries, the fish belly in soy sauce was barely deserve a passing score. But it was not belly at all, it was entire fish without the head. All the others were just put together by an amateurish hands. Shanghainese food are known for their harmonious blending of the soy sauce, wine,oil,sugar together with various food content in hot temperature the bring out distinctive flavor and taste, here in our mouths they are completely disintegrated, let alone taste good.The service was slow and disorganized. One can easily notice the short staff help. And I wondered what might happen in the kitchen. The last dish, the eggplant stew was waited for 15 min after we finished all the food before it appeared on our table. Waiting for the bill to be calculated was another 15 min wait.All the glasswares pile up on their bar table to be distributed for take out or for serving drinks. That table is supposed for sitting and for show since they do have liquor licence. The bathroom ran out of soap liquid and the hand dryer broke...I hope they just had a bad day with the chief chef on leave and we just happened to be there on the occasion. I sincerely hope they can improve in the future.
4	Solid assortment of classic Shanghainese dishes. We were taken here by family friends who are Shanghainese who named it as their go-to place for Chinese food. My parents are also Shanghainese and were excited to see dishes like Pork Gelatin (Rou Dong), Kao Fu, and belt fish. Dim sum isn't really our thing, but I personally can never pass up pork dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) or Pan Fried Dumplings (Shen Jian Man Tou). Service was very slow, but worked out because our table was talking so much. At least the waiters kept the tea pot full!Traditional meals start out with a few cold dishes, meant to be appetizers. The ones we ordered were good, but luckily I saved my appetite for the fried Belt Fish. It's a pain to deconstruct and eat, yet worth every tiny bone you have to remove. I was somewhat disappointed by the soup noodles (Cai Tang Mian). Although the XLB seemed to be smaller and less soupy than usual, they were still good. The Pan Fried Dumplings were just average. I'm not sure if I like them with the sesame seeds added... The restaurant interior looks much more extravagant than its exterior belies. Individual booths are situated along the walls, above which rests a second floor of seating that I presume is used for large banquets. The two stories make for a higher ceiling, giving off a more spacious atmosphere and cleaner look. The bathrooms are bare and dull in comparison. I was surprised there was only one stall each for men and women to service the whole restaurant. Granted, it wasn't that busy - one of the waiters even seemed to be babysitting a little girl while working.
