4	Attended a great meet-up with Poly's Adventures in Dining.Indoor / outdoor dining - i didn't even see the interior of this place - it was packed for what i believe was a boxing match ( watching on TV's )  you order at a take-out style window on the outside of the property.  in the front you have meats cooking on a few pits.  The group sat outside near the pits ( kinda hot ! ) - i had 5 different types of tacos  - all  served on double tortillas and a taco bar with onion, cilantro, lime and 3 or 4 different sauces.  I believe the tacos were a $1 ( i had a few margaritas and a few beers and just gave someone $20 and asked them to buy as many tacos as they could  - they brought over at least 3 if not 4 plates of tacos !! )This is the kinda place to enjoy long after the sun goes down - bring a lounge chair, a cooler with beers and some buddies and start chowing on the tacos  - good stuff !  BUT - bring a designated driver !!
4	La Hacienda has some of the most authentic street tacos in town.  I brought my friend from Mexico here and he fell in love.  Warm, fresh, corn tortillas filled with freshly grilled carne asada, pollo asada, and al pastor, and served with a bar of salsas, cilantro, and onion.  The smells come from about a block away, and the al pastor is cooked on a rotisserie located outside that brings people in just from the sight of it.  Can't blame them, their Al Pastor is what makes this place so special.  Marinated pork layered with pineapple and cooked on a rotisserie?  While it's really hard to mess up Al Pastor, it's also really hard to make Al Pastor that I love, and La Hacienda does it.  While it may be in a random spot of town, it's worth the trip!
4	LOL, I don't know if they changed the restaurant name recently, but I wasn't aware it was called La Hacienda Hornys BBQ. (ok I'm a child lol)Anyhow, heard from a friend that this place has awesome ceviche. First time my husband and I came here we ordered from the window outside. Nice friendly lady. They had a grill outside and a man serving tacos. They have seating outside at night under a cabana. Perfect, since it's bearable to be outside after the sun sets here in Vegas and it's nice to eat outside.I ordered the fish ceviche. It was delicious! Full of flavor and large portions. My husband got the carne asada burrito. Also large and full of flavor. Their tacos are also good. We ordered ceviche, carne asada burrito and 2 large drinks. The total was like $10. Another time, I ordered ceviche and a taco and it was $5. This place is well priced, and you get more for your money.At another visit, we shared their Super Nachos. They were super indeed. Very big portions, fresh homemade tortilla chips, nacho cheese, chicken, avocado, and much more. Oh, try their homemade horchata! Best I've ever had. Not too sweet, just right. The workers don't speak english but, there is usually at least one server who does. Been here a few times now and the service is always great. Nice smiling servers. Wait time is pretty good. Maybe 5-10 minutes. They also accept credit card.
4	This is a Mexican Restaurant far away from the neon lights of Las Vegas and is in the Sunrise Manor neighborhood. You pass this place as you go visit Lake Mead if you are anywhere North of the strip like Freemont street. It's a large inside and they serve really good ceviche.The best ceviche (street style) I've had I have to say. To be fair I've tried a half a dozen decent places and this ceviche is so good you'll scrape the bottom of the styrofoam plate for every last bit of it. Yeah, I wasn't even that hungry too which makes it that good (for me).Chips are stale but that's the style, their really not stale. The salsa is hot and red.Observations:It was hot as usual and I decided to see if the fish tacos were any good. I know the ceviche is incredible but I was in a hurry and didn't want to eat ceviche in a car in this weather so I chose a taco. Good but not great. As I waited the only two patrons inside the place were eating asada plates. One guy couldn't help but keep looking at me as if I were some undercover guy looking for Butcho or somebody. He had an incredulous look on his face and kept turning his head over to me like if I was going to rob the place. He couldn't help it, that's the face he was born with I suppose. I finally got my tacos and thanked the two ladies working the front and kitchen at that hour and left. 113 degree weather sucks ass but it's a dry heat at least.
