5	Me: Is that half a dead rat sewn to half a dead pigeon?Mr Arm: Yes.Me: Oh. Then what's in the jar next to rat-bird?Mr Arm: That's 3/4 of a dead dove sewn to 1/4 of a deceased shark and that over there is a German Shepard penis.Me: Neat-O. Mr Arm: Can you guess what's in that jar?Me: A cat sewn to a bat? Mr Arm: You're half right.Me: A bat-bird? Mr Arm: Getting colder...Me: bat-bunny?Mr Arm: ColderMe: **squinting eyes to decipher the remains floating in the jar of embalming booze**Mr Arm: It's a cat. Just a cat. No hybrid here, the hair's just gone.Me: I see.  **These are actual conversations from my tour of Trundle last Saturday, and one of the best tourist destinations I've ever had the good fortune to see**First off, I can't believe I get to be the first to review the infamous Trundle Manor. What.An.Honor. But I do have one question: How the hell has Trundle flown under the Yelp radar for so damn long? Step up your game, Pittsburgh! Don't let these gems pass you by. All my life I've been told that I'm strange, and in that life I've been to a lot of strange places, but this one is up there--even for me. Defo top 5, maybe even top 2 and absolutely a place a you should put on your bucket list, no matter who you are. Sure, dead sh*t in jars, hobo treasures and the singing steam-punk stomach tumor of a beloved belly dancer might not sound like everyone's idea of a good time, but try to keep an open mind and know that one trip to Trundle Manor will not only act as the centerpiece of your Pittsburgh memories, but as a major talking piece for the rest of your life. Promise. The only issue will be trying to find any place that can live up to the wonderment and awe of Pittsburgh's TM. The Curators of Trundle Manor's curiosities are the aforementioned Mr Arm and his lovely lady-friend/fiancee, Velda Von Minx. There's also a live cat amongst all the collected, stuffed and jarred felines named Little Devil who's just the biggest sweetheart. Their story is pretty cute and while I don't want to ruin it for you, it involves two taxidermied married squirrels that are on display in the den. Touring the manor is by appointment only, but there are times of the year where they don't do tours at all because the demand is just too high, namely in October when Halloween requests run rampant. If you're lucky enough to get an appointment to tour the manor, you should note that there is no official cost, though donations are accepted (and encouraged... by me). Keep Trundle truckin'! They'll accept cash in the donation box in the foyer or donation of dead animals, medical devices, cleavers, alcohol (no beer) or anything creepy, just don't be cheap--There's lots of eyes watching you at the manor. Among the many oddities already mentioned, you can also spy a number of the items below and then some. - Papa, Momma and Baby Bear + GoldiFox- An old-timey medical syringe that's large enough to act as a cattle prod- A cat on a hat- Legos- Colon photos- 100+ year old stuffed fox- Old electro-shock machine- Jar of human teeth- Jar of human skin flakes- Jar of human finger and toe nails- Tentacles- A family of amphibians- A happy turtle/chick hybrid family of five- Steampunk bears- Bindle stick bundles- A gerbil named 'poop'- Ray guns- Gimp-type masks- Original Addams family goodies- Carnival treasures- Classically un-classic built-up cars, fit for the zombie apocalypse- I got lucky and found a rogue bird foot on the floor during my tour, so keep your eyes peeled for hidden treats- And soooo much more...When you go (and you NEED to go) be sure to take pics, bring a decent donation and do ask as many questions as can. Half the fun is getting to hear the story behind each of the items from Velda and Mr Arm. If curious, peculiar, macabre are your thing, or even if you were ever a fan of the hit Nickelodeon show Cat-Dog, this is THE place to hit up if you're interesting in seeing a collection of quirk that you won't see anywhere else in the entire world.
5	I'm not really sure how to describe this place other than a more whimsical version of the Mutter Museum.  We were invited to a fundraising party there and I was shocked because I had never heard of this place, and it is literally 5 minutes away from my house.Trundle Manor is an oddity museum situated right in the middle of a quiet Swissvale neighborhood.  I guess you have to call ahead for an appointment, and a suggested donation is asked for in lieu of an admission fee.  What you'll find inside is a collection of unusual, cool to see things.  Some artifacts of misguided ingenuity, and some just bizarre side show strangeness, all lovingly curated.  This 'labor of love' feeling permeates throughout the house, and is extremely endearing.  We were there for a fundraising party, and had an amazing time.  The police weren't called which seemed to indicate that the surrounding neighborhood had gotten use to having such an unusual place near them.  To put it in perspective, the best thing our neighbors have done is drunkenly throw up Taco Bell on our shared entry steps twice in the last two months.
5	This place is MIND BLOWING!A creepy jewel in the dark alleys of Swissvale.
5	I love this place. It's like Disneyland for the freakish and morbid. Plus the owner, Velda, has amazing stories about the pieces in the collection. I can't wait to return for the Halloween party and any other event they put on.
5	A creepy place that is utterly amazing. The entertainment value is exceptional. Definitely not for the squeamish though!!
4	I enjoyed my experience at Trundle Manor, nice tour of all things macabre and creepy. They accept donations, but if you are like me and strapped for cash, they also take weird things, art etc.. as payment. I tend to be shy so I probably could have got more out of the experience if I asked more questions. It felt too quick, I wanted to see more, but as I said chatting more probably would have helped. I really liked all the nest things in jars, the animal hybrids and the things created by hand. I just couldn't believe what skill is possessed to create such things. For some reason I imagined it would be bigger, but that is just me. I didn't realize it was night tours mostly, but I feel that is probably the best way to experience it. If you are looking for some fun and different I would recommend
