5	I drive by the Union Hills/32nd St store often, but it's a little far from home to bring home a pizza, so I had never tried it. Several weeks ago we noticed the sign go up next to Safeway. We didn't know if it was open yet, but two days ago we decided to give it a try. And thankfully it was open! On a Sunday late-afternoon, there were several employees, but only one other customer walked in while we were there. The staff was very nice and the cashier said they just opened last Wednesday. The prep of the pizza was a little slow, but nothing to complain about. They were training, so completely acceptable. We took our unbaked Family Size Chicago-Style Stuffed Pizza home. I followed the baking instructions and it came out perfect. It was even kinda fun to watch the center of the whole thing inflate way high up (they instruct to poke it to let the air out though). I was worried that with such a thick mound of stuff, the crust would be underbaked, but that was not the case at all. It was crispy, soft, full of toppings and simply delish. And the prices are very reasonable too! Definitely a new pizza place as long as you have the extra 30 minutes to bake it at home!
4	Cheap, good, and easy
5	The pizza is much more fresh than compared to other fast-food pizza places.  I want to comment on the customer service.They don't open until 11am on Sundays.  I wanted to get a pizza before the first football game of the day.  I called and inquired about the store hours, and the staff said they'd be happy to make my pizza early, allow me to come in early, and purchase my pizza early.  That is what has sold me as a customer.
4	Very fast and attentive service. They were also nice enough to give me a monthly deal which was cheaper vs my coupon. Highly recommended for take and bake pizza in the extreme north valley or Stetson Hills area.
4	Friday night equals Pizza night most weeks around our homestead.  True that Phoenix has an amazing assortment of pizza joints, notably Pizzeria Bianco, the Parlor, etc.  However for my time, energy, and money (plus it's on the way home), Papa Murphy's is an excellent bargain and a truly tasty pie.  The have a nice selection of specialty pizza-we always enjoy the Thai Chicken pizza (with extra sriracha at home). We save calories by opting for the "delite" extra thin crust and save money  by grabbing one of their ubiquitous coupon for a couple of extra dollars off (you can also get the coupons on their website).  It really is love at 425 degrees! Pizza only takes about 11 minutes to bake at home, about the same time it takes me to go pick some mint and put together a refreshing mojito and set the table on the patio to enjoy some good pizza and watch the Arizona sun fade in the west.
5	Just tried their new Pan pizza and it is absolutely incredible! Love Papa Murphy's and this new pan pizza is the perfect addition to their already awesome menu!Pan pep, cheesy bread and some Mountain Dew for $15...can't go wrong with that!
4	Good store,  the kids that are employed ragout seemed to be trained well and are polite.  They make a good pizza and I can have my home smell like a home baked pizza and not a grease put like the delivery places
4	Papa Murphy's is a staple for my family.  It's not much cheaper than any normal chain like Papa Johns or Pizza Hut, and in some cases more expensive, but overall the quality is much better.  I would say some locals are better, but for the convenience on a Friday night at home watching a movie, nothing is better.  The cowboy is our favorite, pan style.  2nd would be the spinach chicken for a more wealthy approach.
