3	Great Southern/soul food with, like the other reviewer wrote, a lot of character.  I've eaten here a few times and was never disappointed.  I've had the oxtail and fried perch entrees, fried squash, yams, pintos, black-eyed peas, and collard sides.  If I remember correctly, I also really liked the desserts.  Do not judge this place by the cover.
4	Dont judge a book by its cover...this place has some great soul food. The mac & cheese was some of the best I have ever had. An the people in there just ass too it, very friendly. The walls have pics on them from all kinds of sports, tv, and music celeb's who have ate there. Great place to eat, do have to say the bannana pudding wasnt what Im use too.
5	I found this place it was cool and close to my hotel. I got the fried chicken ,Mac and cheese, Collards and rice and gravy.  I'm going to gym right after to work this off. So I can indulge in this down home southern cookingThis is part two of my review I came back the next day for lunch because the food here is so so so good. I got he smothered cube steak with rice ,Mac and cheese, and those lip smacking Collards greens. I wish I could box up this food take some back to Atlanta.  I must say I will make a stop here at Simmons whenever I'm in Charlotte.  This has got to be the best soul food restaurant in Charlotte.  And its priced right very economical.This food was so good , I went back the next day for lunch...
5	Their food is made of magic.
4	A friend at work was having a bad day, and mournfully insisted that the only thing that would help was some soul food. Naturally, I was along for the ride. Simmons is definitely one of 'those places.' You know, the one that people talk about when they brag that it's where "people who are really from the Carolinas" go, and it's apparent. This place is as holey in the wall as holes in the wall come. Atmosphere: I think the best way to describe it would be nonchalant. When you walk in, they know you're there. People look up at you if you're not a regular. Yes, they'll clean off a table and seat you, make some chat, get your drinks and take your order at what is the epitome of the southern pace. If you're a foodie who taps their toe if it takes more than 5 minutes to wipe off a table, then this place isn't for you. If you have some time to kill and want to feel like you're eating in someone's kitchen that they extended to include a few other lucky people, then you've hit jackpot. Service: I had to keep reminding myself that I wasn't related to this person. I love it when waitstaff have just the right amount of crabby/fussy/humor, and this was a prime example. The attitude was, "Hangon a dang minute, I'll get there when I get there, you'll eat what we give you, and girl you did NOT finish all of your vegetables." Food: Mmmmmmm. Ribs are good, and I found out pretty quick that how fast you make nice is directly proportional to how much food you get. Luckily, I got saddled with leftovers. The ribs were fall-off-the-bone good, at a decent price, with that tangy sweet sauce that so many people like. I'm more of a smoky myself, but I can recognize good sauce when it's given to me. Complimentary cornbread at the beginning of the meal was plain and delicious, and the collards weren't that overly cooked mushy that I can't stand. Very good food experience.Overall, one of those places where you go for the people just as much as the food, and a true southern food experience if there ever was one. If you can make decent convo, sit down and eat something delicious, and if not, gtfo, mon hommes.
4	Simmons is a small family owned restaurant tucked away in 4th Ward that has been around at least since 1989 or 1990 (I think that is when I first discovered it).  They know how to cook up some southern fried goodness - their fried chicken is some of the best in the city.  I can't resist their mac-n-cheese or sweet tea either!  If you happen to save room, don't forget the peach cobbler for dessert!
4	This place is too cute for words. The food is good. If you want authentic soul food -- fried chicken, mac-n-cheese, collards greens, bbq ribs -- this place will not let you down. If you want authentic service, this place will also not let you down. The tables are sticky, the decor afro-centric, no commitment to sustainability here (beverages and food are all served on styrofoam), and the owners will mess wicha if you give 'em half a chance . . . at least they did with me and my boyfriend. 3 stars for the food, 1 more star for the soul.
3	Oh Simmons, I remember better days when you were the place for soul food in this town.....I wish I could turn back the hands of time to better  food from you.  I returned after all this time hoping you were back to your old self but what I found was not so good beef tips over rice, ok mac and cheese and collards.  Perhaps this was an off day since the cook wasn't feeling well....I dunno but the banana pudding is exactly how I remember......fresh and yummy.
2	well well well (please push me in)I remember (as everyone else has stated) back in the day when this was the spot. "Dot" (the owner) is/was a Church member of Community Outreach Christian Ministries and after "chuch" we would make our way.. as soon as se would see me.. Heyyyyy baaaby!!yep.. please give me... BAKED CHICKEN (1/4), MAC & CHEESE, FRIED OKRA, DRESSING, and ARNOLD PARMER (TEA / LEMONAID). wth is this new thing called "the oboma tea".... my god!!(my eyes are rolling in the back of my head as i type, singing...MEMORIESSSSSSSS, IN THE CORNER OF MY MINDDDDDDDDDDDDDD)fast foward to current state of "Simmons". This place being kinda a growing-up spot it saddens me to see it. Now it looks like it survied Katrina. Fish - Not like it used to be.Mac * Cheese - i agree w/ other reviewsokra - you'll probably get about 12 pieces (15 if your nice)what happend to the plates, cups?? (as in real plates, spoons, forks etc) its all plastic and styrofoam.. signs the money is tigtening up.)iF i return it will be just to speak and maybe pick up a drink (tea).
4	Well I must say if you are looking for some "REALLY GOOD" Soul food, stop by this place. I had the sweet tea, fried chicken (seasoned just right) collard greens and candied yams. Somebody's "big momma" is in the kitchen cooking it up right! And to  top it off the banana puddin' is THE BOMB!
2	The sanitation score for this place was 93.0.....I guess that was a red flag that I missed before I placed my order.I will start with the 'good'. The cashier was very polite, inviting, and helpful. Thank you.The cornbread was 'decent'. Hooray that it wasnt the Jiffy brand.Now the 'bad' ( and I mean REALLY bad!)Remember that stuff we called 'mystery meat' in grade school? Well apparently it's still around except now they bury it under BBQ sauce and call it meatloaf at Simmons restaurant. Arrrggghhh! The baked chicken w/dressing was 'do-able', but you can get the Banquet frozen chicken entrees at your local grocery and do much better. The food was horrendous! The broccoli casserole was watered down and over cooked....soggy. Seems like they used imitation cheese, because it certainly didnt melt. (I even nuked it 4 minutes on HIGH in the microwave.....nope, it didnt melt). The so-called brown gravy was tasteless and bland. Don't waste your time....
4	Borderline sanitation. Delicious food. Collards. Mac 'n cheese. Meatloaf. Obama tea.
