4	We're headed to the Moonlight Concert Series and need something quick to take with us.  Maui Rose Hawaiian BBQ offered a surprisingly good selection for us to choose from.The Big F chose the #42 Combo Special, regular size for $9.50.  It came with Kalbi beef short ribs, Chicken Katsu Cutlet, and four pieces of a crunch roll.  (Their Crunch Roll had shrimp tempura, cucumber and avocado on the inside, and tempura flakes on the outside.)  Steamed rice, miso soup, mac salad, and a side salad also were packed along with our order.I decided to try their Pokky Tuna for $7.95.  It was a decent size order and arrived on a bed of salad greens.We were both surprised with the amount of food that the Combo included.  The Big F enjoyed his meal for the most part, minus the mac salad.  He thought there was too much mayo and a hint of dishwasher soap-taste in it.  He did enjoy the kalbi beef and chicken katsu though.My poki salad was pretty tasty with chunks of tuna and avocado.  I enjoyed the Big F's kalbi too.  I do agree that the mac salad was a bit too runny for most tastes.Overall, Maui Rose was a decent choice for grabbing food on the run for events at the Clark County Amphitheatre.  They also offer the "Maui Special Noodle" that looks like chop chae and "Our Famous Kimchi."  A little bit of Hawaiian, Korean, and Japanese here.3.5 stars
4	Maui Rose Hawaiian BBQ is the perfect place to grab a quick bite to eat without the frills.Head up to the counter to give your order and take a seat.  Your meal should be arriving soon.#42 Combo Special "Kalbi, Chicken Katsu Cutlet, Crunch Roll, Crispy" (Reg $9.50)  The Kalbi is pretty tasty, as I recall before too.  I remember The Husband not really liking the mac salad before, but this time he ate all of it.  #22 Vegetable Tempura, 10 pieces "served with steamed rice & soup" ($6.50,)  Pretty decent size meal for the price you're paying.Everything on the menu is under ten dollars, and that includes the bento boxes and combination meals. What a great deal! Service is efficient, and the people at the counter are nice.  It's an easy place to go, satisfies the food cravings, and doesn't break the bank.3.5 stars
3	Right across from the Palace Station this place has quite an extensive menu!!!To start I'm Not  a big fan of the Hawaiian's idea of BBQ-since it's mostly a bunch of chicken dishes with teriyaki sauce on them--nothing smoked,rubbed,charbroiled,grilled or put on a flame of any kind-how that's BBQ I have no idea but whatever.I decided to try the BENTO Special with a variety of BBQ Beef,fried shrimp,california rolls and of course rice,soup and salad. $9. Not bad but defintely NOT BBQ. Thing  I hate about asain cuisine-NO real desserts and the minute you leave you're hungry again. WTF!!
4	Damn I have been eating alot of Hawaiian food since coming to Vegas. This is my top pick for Hawaiian BBQ in the Sahara area. Everything I have tried so far has been good here. The combo a lot of food and cheap. Co-workers told me about this and it is awesome . This is the place of perference for Island style food around the area.The place is kinda small with limited seating but who cares if the food is good.
4	This is a very small restaurant (about six tables tops) behind McDonald's in a strip mall on the corner of Sahara and Rancho. Bento style combination lunch & dinner but there are specialties like maui noodles (vermicelli). I usually get the teriyaki chicken or the teriyaki salmon- comes with miso soup, a scoop of rice, salad, a couple pieces tempura, and a potsticker. Most dishes under $10.00 per person. It's pretty good for a hole in the wall with a huge menu and is in a convenient location. The food is prepared quickly. We haven't had anything bad here. Rarely busy whenever we go, but I think it holds up because there is a pretty loyal following. The canned Hawaiian drinks like Pass-O-Guava, available. My only complaint: Closed on sundays. We found that out the hard way- and we really wanted a bento special too. PS.) I went to the other location but just thought that it was ok. Yup, this one's better- guess this is why it's the last one standing.
3	Eh, for one Hawaiian BBQ place owned by Chinese people (that are obviously not from Hawaii) this place is not too bad!I've visited this establishment a few times but I used to go to the one on Charleston.  That one closed down a while back.  The latest incarnation is on Sahara right behind McDonald's (some friendly competition).  Maui Rose serves your standard fast food Hawaii regional fare, similar in menus you find in L&L and Aloha Kitchen.  The menu consists of favorites like chicken katsu, teriyaki chicken, kalbi short ribs, bbq pork, and teriyaki salmon.  They also have some Japanese fare like gyoza, udon, sushi, and tempura on their menu. I myself like Maui Rose much better than any L&L here in Las Vegas.  The menu is larger and much more varied so you get lots of choices.  One of my favorites is the Combo Special with kalbi short ribs, chicken katsu, and California Crunch Roll ($9.50).  Each combo comes with rice, mixed green salad w/house dressing, macaroni salad, and miso soup.  Pretty good amount of food for your money's worth!  Another one of the menu items I like is the Udon Combo, mine is the shrimp tempura udon with 4 pcs. vegetable tempura ($8.50).  Add a side order of their home made kim chee ($1.00) into your udon, so spicy yummy!  Great on a cold winter day.  Now the food here isn't life changing or mind numbing, but for decent quality fast food it hits the spot.  Sometimes I just don't feel like a burger or sandwich for lunch, I want calrose rice!  This place serves that niche just nicely.  Last time I was there they were running a special on spam musubi, 99 cents each!  I bought two to share, but ended up sharing none.  Their musubi is very good!  Must be the teriyaki glaze on the spam.  Their most popular time is lunch, and they do mostly takeout.  There is a LITTLE place in the restaurant for patrons wanting to eat in but be warned, there's not much room!  Like maybe 5-6 tables at the most.  They also do catering for parties!Come here for a quick and tasty meal that won't set you back too much.  Just don't come here for the ambiance!
3	The quality of the food has gone down, a ways. Went there one weekend and got the same thing- a combo, but it wasn't as good, in terms of taste and freshness- what a pity- how disappointing. There were a few other people around including a metro cop. One guy ordered a teriyaki bowl to go- maybe I'll try that next time, if we ever go again. Not too sure that we will.
4	Good place to grab a quick cheap lunch. Their udon noodle soup tasted of MSG and the tempura coating on the shrimp was disintegrated by the broth, but otherwise everything I've had from here has been yummy. I used to order take out from here all the time when I worked at another location a little further down the strip, and they were always fast and the food hot. My boyfriend and I really liked the lobster roll. I also like their mango and avocado salad- I had it with the chicken and didn't feel like it added enough to be worth the addition. The combination of mango and avocado is delicious enough in and of itself- especially with the fresh, sweet mango used here! I'll be back to try their bento special, musubi and probably the gyoza combo. It's a nice, quick option in the area for something hot and fresh that's not casino-priced. The dining area is indeed pretty small, but was big enough to fit a large family, myself and the delivery driver, so it's not too bad. It's not really meant to be a hang out spot, but for a yummy, expedient bite it works great!
4	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. Yesterday I returned for my 3rd visit. The food is amazing! The quantity is fantastic! Prices are cheap! When I go, I order the Chicken Katsu and a side order of Vegetable Egg Roles. This totals about $12.00. The Chicken Katsu comes with rice, macaroni salad, miso soup and salad (which is to die for!). They offer your typical restaurant drinks: Coke, etc. along with Hawaiian Sun drinks. BIG plus!
2	A friend who thought he knew "hawaiian style" food raved about this place so off we went. Service is okay and the space is a bit cramped.  Sushi was mediocre and plate lunch portions were small.  There are many other places to go in town.
3	If you're ever in the area, you'll notice the typical casino food choices, fast food joints and somewhat a lack of local hole in the walls. Maui Rose is at a great location because it adds to the food diversity and is a nice change to those other food options within a 3 block radius. Maui Rose offers the typical Hawaiian dishes, sushi and udon soups. Quality of everything isn't anything worth raving about but the prices and the portions are and prices are. They offer reasonable prices for good quantities of food. You would probably be satisfied with their selection and if you have a case of the Hawaiian munchies and you're within the area, then Maui Rose is a great place to satisfy your cravings. The place is pretty dinky and during a lunch hour rush, you might feel a bit claustrophobic. However, you shouldn't feel too uncomfortable waiting for your food in a somewhat confined space as the wait will go by quickly. I'd say 3.5 stars for Maui Rose. I'd be a fan if this place wasn't far from where I live and in terms of flavor, I've had better elsewhere.
3	Really not impressed, but the food was hot when they delivered.  If you want delivery you must order a minimum $26 and fee for delivery is $5.99, one of the most expensive I have seen yet.  The food I suppose was okay.  To be honest I have had so much better, but we didn't try any of the sushi rolls, so perhaps we were just ordering the wrong things off the menu.  The meats BBQ chicken and beef had good flavor, but to us were overly salty.  I thought the noodles were very bland...we actually threw the whole container away.  The soup was okay, if you like that sort of thing.  I personally won't be eating here again, but I have had much worse.  It just wasn't what we were hoping for and for the price of delivery, we could honestly find better places to order from.
5	Good quality of meats and serviceCall them a head and order for pick upThey do deliver tooSounds pretty nice :)
5	They have the BEST chicken katsu!  It takes a lot to impress me when it comes to katsu and they passed. I tried one of the combo meals. It has (2) BBQ chicken on a stick, (4) Crispy crab Sushi roll, (6) Chicken katsu cutlets, (2) scoops of rice, and (1) scoop macaroni salad. It was amazing. Not to mention it comes with there amazing miso soup and salad with great dressing. Check it out!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!! :)  Food is delicious and affordable!  There's a wide range of variety on menu and I believe most items are below $10! This is a casual/fast food restaurant...I guess its mainly for take-out/delivery! The restaurant itself is pretty small... There's like 6-7 tables total. I had a salad with strawberry guava juice today. CHICKEN MANGO AVOCADO SALAD WITH CHICKEN IS MY FAV!!! The order comes with salad and miso soup. I love the salad dressing and the chicken tastes like teriyaki/BBQ. It adds protein to the salad and the mango is so sweet =) Orders are ready in like 5 min and the cashier is very friendly. He interacts with customers and he always makes my order without mistakes! I have had kalbee/chicken katsu/unagi don/rainbow rolls here. They are all very delicious. I work on the Strip and I usually place my order when I leave work. I will pick up my food on my way home. Portions are large and I usually have leftover for lunch! Not a fancy stylish place to eat and traffic on Sahara is sometimes irritating! However, the food is what matters and for the price you paid, can't beat!!
5	My fiance suggested this place after seeing it a few weeks earlier. We wanted something that tasted home cooked and wasnt too heavy. This was our first surprise. It was just what we wanted and the price was reasonable too! I had the BBQ chicken and short ribs with rice, some macaroni salad, soup and a house salad. It all was tasty, fresh, and filling. We ate around 4pm and I didnt eat again until the next day. Definitely try this place especially if you like japanese/hawiian/korean food all rolled into one. I will definitely be coming back for more. The space is small and we sat at a corner table and felt a little cramped but the service was friendly and fast and the food was fresh. I did think the macaroni salad was a little bland but with a sprinkle of a little salt and pepper it was ok. The chicken was alittle salty but I mixed it with the rice and cabbage and it was really good. Definite try.
3	Its cheap Hawaiin food, for what it is, its pretty good, so 3 stars.  Its simple, no frills food, and a ton of bang for your buck, so if you are looking to unbutton your pants and wreck a toilet on the cheap, this is the place for you.
4	I have been coming to Maui Rose for a while now.  I went alone once while on my lunch break at work.  It was some time before I went back.  I over ate and lost interest for a spell.  I ordered a chicken stick and katsu plate.  It came with a side salad, macaroni salad, rice, crunch roll, and miso soup.  I over ate big time.  All of this food could have easily been split into two meals.  At under $10 for this, not bad.  A ton of delicious food for the price.  Fast forward a year or so and I was back.  This time I brough company.  I picked up lunch for the office.  We are all hooked now.  I learned from my first experience to limit what I order.  I am surviving the gastric bomb much better these days.  I get smaller combos for $7.50 that still come with a ton of food.  It is one heck of a value.  And their side salad is amazing.  I don't know what is in the dressing but it is out of this world.  My only real complaint about Maui Rose is the miso soup.  It does not seem fresh.  More like instant soup mix poured into a big pot of hot water.  I can look past that though.If you are looking for quality Hawaiian food in the North Strip region, check it out.  Let it be known though, the restaurant is very tiny inside.  There is limited seating and almost no place to stand in line to order or wait for your food.  In my office we usually have it delivered or we phone ahead and pick up to avoid the over crowding.
3	Why doesn't any Hawaiian places serve White meat chicken? After eliminating all the chicken dishes (i think Katsu might be white, but too risky and deep fried) found myself left trying the special Hawaiian glass noodles with veggies and a side of very good sticky rice for a buck. They were good, but the only flavor came from putting soy sauce on them. Still, the veggies (mushrooms, peppers and cabbage) were very fresh and the noodles were a novelty (at least for me). For $6, the styrofoam container was full and so this was a good lunch value.
3	Let me tell you its a hit and miss sometimes the food is good other times its too salty, there mac salad was good but the chicken katsu seemed so thin and the kabi ribs were more bone then meat wasnt very satisfied.
4	Great Hawaiian food. On the more expensive side, but dang good.
5	PLEASANTLY SURPRISED!Stopped here randomly on the way out of Vegas. My phone died and I needed a restaurant with an outlet to charge it! I'd thought I'd give it a try.I'm so glad I stopped here!I paid around $8 for enough food for two whole meals! I ordered a chicken tariyaki plate, and it came with rice, a salad, and soup... not to mention a crapload of chicken!!! Everything was DELICIOUS! The food came 5 mins after the order was put in, AND they bring it to your table! The host was very nice and polite. The place itself if very small, but definitely worth visiting!
5	went there on friday morning woah this place is packed all thr time it took awhile to get my food but who cares if food is good and yes well def worth waiting best chciken teriyaki ever and for 7dollars i got  salad soup n mac.almost  big enough for 2  . oh ya forgot rto mention their dressing is the best
5	SCRUMPTOUS! I eat here several times per month since it is close to work. I like the #43, it is A LOT of food for about 10 bucks. The service is wonderful and they are extremely respectful from the moment you walk in the door to the time you leave. I also like the AV/MANGO salad w/ chicken on top. YUM!
5	Spicy pork served with miso soup and salad I order the same thing every time I come here. Great service & quiet spot. Menu has a vast selection to different dishes and sushi. Great hole in the wall spot......
5	We pick up and have food delivered to work all the time. Their food is amazing! We are never disappointed! The price is right and their service is friendly and fast. You can't beat the BBQ Chicken Special and the Bento Boxes. Lots of good quality food at a great price. Their rolls are excellent too! You don't expect this kind of food from such a small place but they do it and they do it very well.
4	I lived on Maui for awhile and haven't found very many places as good as the Hawaiian plates there. This is the one of them! Even the mayonaise in the macaroni salad reminded me of Maui. It's very small and only 6 tables but carryout is also an option. We ate there and got a seat no problem but after we sat down it started filling up (11:45am/Saturday).  The menu is posted on the wall. Lots of options. PROS: Kalua Pork: came on a bed of shredded cabbage with two scoops of rice and one scoop macaroni salad (just like home). $8.50Kalbi rib/Chicken Teriyaki combo: Kalbi ribs seasoned and grilled (a little rubbery but good) and cut up chicken with teriyaki sauce, rice and macaroni salad. $9.50Meals came with salad (great dressing) and miso soup. While eating I felt like I was back on Maui.CONS: Not very many tables.
5	Great little hole in the wall that I would never have noticed if it wasn't for Yelp. Food was excellent and cheap. All the guys that work there were extremely kind, as well.I was craving Hawaiian food, but I ended up ordering the Bulgogi because I can never pass that up when it is on a menu. They had an amazing selection of combos and traditional Hawaiian plates for under $10. They also had a great selection of sushi rolls for cheaper than you will find at any other restaurant. I would definitely come back here again to explore the menu more.
5	Had the Korean short ribs. They were so good. I have eaten here 2 times and have not been disappointed. The price is right for the amount of food that they give you. If you're looking for a good hole in the wall Hawaiian place this is it. Maui Rose will not disappoint!
4	Small Hawaiian restaurant tucked away in a shopping center across from Palace Station. When I say small, it really is small! They have about 4 small tables in the restaurant, so this is a good place to get take out. The food is on par with other Hawaiian places I've been to in town and they even serve sushi. You can get bento boxes that come with sushi, rice, salad and meats. You can also order rice bowls and entrees just like most other Hawaiian places and pricing is also similar as well. Although I've only been here once, I would come back and would recommend checking it out if you're in the area.
5	Definitely gonna eat here whenever im in the area!As long as these guys have been here im surprised there are only 31 reviews for this place. Hopefully another positive review will get these guys some more attention. They are kind of tucked away behind McDonalds next to David's Bridal in nice sized plaza.As you walk in you will notice the place is bit small. What you will also notice is the giant menu that is on the wall complete with pictures and all items are individually numbered. So ordering is very simple. The only hard part is deciding what to get because you have a lot of choices.The times that I have been here I have ordered the Chicken and Beef Combo which comes with Miso Soup, Tempura, Salad, and California Rolls. Other times I have ordered nothing but appetizers like their Spicy Tuna Roll and Soft Shell Crab. From this point I am firmly convinced that it doesn't matter what you order here. My assumption is that it will be awesome! Heck my wife was curious about their Udon and tried it. She loved it! Prices are very good for the amount of portions you get. Usually, me and my wife share a combo meal and add a side of something. That fills us up guaranteed!Service  is awesome! It is run by nice family and every time we come here, they are very friendly!So, if you are thinking of going to the buffet at Palace Station or McDonalds, make your way here instead. Your stomach will truly thank you later!
5	This is my favorite fast sushi place, they have very good sushi even though variety is limited its a very good place to catch some sushi for lunch or hawaain BBQ.  I visit Maui at least once a week
5	Love maui rose!!! Great food for less price. Combination of Hawaiian&Korean&Japanese!!Awesome place!! Recommend to try this place!!I do not know the name of the plate, one number 42 combo is big enough for two people. Also, I tried teriyaki chicken bowl, it was one of the best i evr had.
1	Good food,great price.....the only problem is communication as they barely speak any english so the orders get messed up a lot, the employees are very nice but the owner is a very angry man.
4	GREAT FOOD!! Huge portions and reasonably priced. It's a small hole in the wall but that's how you know it's good. Friendly staff. I suggest trying the avocado mango salad with chicken & Maui rose chicken is awesome!
4	We had the spam musubi, Kahlua pork, and a combination box. All were delicious.
3	Went here for lunch yesterday. I had the small combo with chicken katsu and short ribs. For $7.03 including tax I can't complain. I would note that I think that the ribs could have been meatier but was glad that the combo came with miso soup which I didn't realize. Also, came with a small scoop of rice, macaroni salad and two pieces of a california roll. Flavor was good and from the employees and patrons it seemed authentic. They had a unagi and avacado bowl I would go back and try. However, as Hawaiian food goes I have had better - although this isn't a bad choice if you are in the area and craving some cheap Hawaiian food.
5	The Chicken Mango Avocado salad is amazing; the dressing is what makes the salad, the fresh mango and avocado is a nice twist to the salad.
3	Food is good. Store front is not cute. Needs a little love. Parking sucks. This is one of those lots where its best to park further away and walk to the restaurant. Most people who eat here order take out, so I guess the dingy decor and uninviting store front don't matter. Would I eat there again?Maybe....
5	Family owned, Hawaiian/Japanese. Great and prompt service every time. Food always taste fresh and is reasonably priced. Everything is good-great, though I'm not as into most sushi in LV so I'm probably biased in that regard. Love this place!!!
5	Great food and great service. Employees always happy to serve and help. Best Hawaiian BBQ in town. Don't let the location fool you.
4	For tourists like myself, this place was a godsend!! I had not eaten a real meal(instead consuming fast food, chips, and alcohol) in three days and my first bite of the BBQ beef combination was amazing! I really liked the macaroni salad and the dressing for the salad. Definitely better than all the fast food around and way cheaper( and tastier) than anything on the strip
5	Great prices and great food! Its a quick stop wether you are picking up a to go order or dinning in.  I always get the chicken gyoza bowl or #42 but next time I think I'll get chicken sticks. My roommate and I go here all the time and the only disappointment is that they are not open 24/7.
4	Very good, decent portions, and definitely affordable!!!  Everything we had was good.  BBQ Chx, short ribs, dragon roll, salad, miso, rice, and macaroni salad.
5	Wow I was very impressed the service was on point the food was tasty and the price was right!  I could tell fresh meat and veggies were used which makes a world of difference.  Like I said previously the price was right  can't wait to enjoy this restaurant again.
5	Love this place!! I always get the #42 which is a kalbi and chicken katsu combo! It comes with rice, mac salad, 4 pieces of sushi (Cali crunchy roll), miso soup and a salad (that comes with their AMAZING house made dressing SO GOOD) Place is super tiny so if your planning on eating there you will probably not have anywhere to sit its best to call ahead of time and pick up like I always do :)
3	Pros: DELICIOUS, great selections, great prices.Cons: long wait, small space, rude phone etiquette- that guy sounded like I disturbed his sleep. Waited 30min for one order.
5	This place was really good.  I was so tired of casino food and all the people and the noise.  This place was quiet, the staff was inviting and accommodating for our party of 7.  I had Kalbi/Katsu.  Filled me up for less than $10
5	Chicken teriyaki bowl, famous kimchi, spam roll and unagi bowl, to die for, ALL OF IT! !! Super great flavors, priced very well. Would definitely stop here for lunch again.  Definitely want to try a Bento , next time
5	Maui Rosenis a really good place to eat. I was introduced to this place by my brother and ever since I go all the time. The food is really flavory. I definitely recommend coming here 5 out of 5 stars
5	Great food! Always consistent with the taste and quality. Very friendly staff. Probably the best Spam Musubi in Vegas.
4	The food is awesome! I've come here a handful of times and don't have any complaints about the flavor of any of the food...it's just right for my taste buds. However the place is very tiny and although they attempted to make some seating for dine-in guests it's almost better just to take your food to go or eat it in the car. It could be claustrophobic at times during the lunch rush. I usually pre-order my food on the phone so I can avoid the wait they are pretty good about making your order on time. My usual here is the lobster roll and the Philadelphia roll. But I have tried the bulgogi...Delish. Short ribs...Delish. And a handful of other sushi rolls...Delish.  The prices are decent! Not too steep and the portions are a nice size...so it's worth the money for sure! The guy working the counter the last time I was there was full of personality and he was kinda cute...lol but that doesn't make my review...it is seriously the quality of the food. The size of the establishment could be much much much more accommodating to dine-in patrons but I don't dine-in much so it's all good!
5	This is why I love Yelp. Would never have stopped when I saw it in a strip mall but the reviews were nearly unanimous. It was truly outstanding and, in the end, the atmosphere added to the experience. Highly recommend. Wish I lived closer.
5	Love, love, love this place!!! The food is delicious! Everything I've tried has always been amazing! The bento boxes are a great size with lots of food (choice of meat or fish, soup, salad, California roll, rice and tempura). The mango avocado salad has delicious creamy dressing! The washington roll is fresh and yummy!! I especially love the Japanese style teriyaki sauce. I wish they had this place on my side of town.
4	Yeah food takes a lil bit longer than others places but the wait is worth it.  Food is amazing love the teriyaki chicken bowl
4	I go here often and enjoy their yummy food. No seating and takes a while to get the food. Word of advice is to call ahead and you won't get frustrated with the long wait
5	Always a good deal! Food is fresh and delicious every time! They give more food the most Hawaiian/Korean places that I've tried. If u order bento box it comes with tempura, sushi roll, and green salad and miso soup as extras. They got the best house salad dressing too. U can't go wrong with whatever u order. If you're hungry or have to share get a bento or combo plate. The interior isn't much, it's a hole in the wall. U might be more comfortable getting it to go.
4	Had the Mango Avocado salad! It was exceptional! Could of been bigger but it did taste great! Price was reasonable for the quality.
