1	Over priced burgers and I'm still waiting for over 33mins for my Route 66 burger and chicken tenders.  DO NOT GO HERE.  There are only 6 people sitting down, so it's not busy either.  Now I was just told  it looks like my order was lost.  Was offered a free shake by the kind manager, but I'm still not happy.   My cousin just walked up as I'm typing this, and she said they took 30mins for her shake yesterday as well.  Again, DO NOT GO HERE.  Only giving 1 star as Yelp will not let me give 0.
2	How could I forget not to review Johnny Rockets? Oh yeah, the bay area Johnny Rockets tastes much better.After spending hours of gallivanting around the strip with my boys, we decided to call it a night at 2am. On our way back to our rooms, we started to get hungry and the headaches started settling in from drinking too much. Out of curiosity we headed towards the food court of our hotel and find that every restaurant was closed, except for one. Johnny Rockets.When we got to the register, the staff was already prepping to close. Apparently, the cashier was nice enough to let us be the last customers. I ordered a rocket single with fries. To complete our order for a group of 5 guys, it took about 30 minutes. When I got my order, the burger and fries tasted luke warmed. I'm not sure if they were waiting for all our orders to complete or just got lazy since it was closing.I couldn't even finish my meal.
1	I purchased a groupon thinking it was a good deal. Boy was i wrong. We didnt wait a whole long like the other reviews.  We waited like ten minutes for our food, which isn't bad. Our waitress was super nice. We recieved super good service. Our food on the other hand was disgusting.  I had the wings and fries. My wings tasted like they were frezzer burnt. That's all I tasted. My husband had a burger, it was disgusting.  No seasoning, no flavor, bread all bad! We couldnt even finish half our food. Beware.
5	This is the best customer service I've ever experienced at a Johnny Rockets. Thomas the server at the bar area was really on the ball. He took the initiative to talk about items on the menu and the different variations of how they could be ordered. He asked if people wanted to be on the same check at the beginning and overall had a great attitude.
2	Pretty overpriced burgers! They are on the tasty side. The cashier was kind of rude and impatient even though we told her it was our first time there.Between the price and the service I wouldn't go back.
2	Two stars for the quality of the food!Food is VERY VERY VERY expensive!!!One burger will cost you $15!Bacon cheese fries runs $6 (very small portion)A burger, drink, and fries will run you $24!!!I took a picture of the menus and posted here on Yelp!
1	The line was long and food was as expected. They wouldn't give me a cup of water. They said they'd run out of water cups but they had plenty of soda cups... They said they couldn't out water in one. Haha. It's more fun to break the law. I tried two different employees but got no water. Good thing we weren't in a desert.
1	I don't even know where to start!!!!! This place is a disgrace to the name Food takes for ever to be served every time I looked up the employees were always grouped up talking so It took for ever to get the attention of one to come help us out.Don't get me wrong I was willing to let that go but When we finally got our food my burger was burned! It was hard and dry... Smh* I paid allot for my food I'm not going to just eat something I don't like I ask the cashier if I could get a FRESH burger And after going back and fourth for what seemed like 10 freaking minutes they finally agreed to re make it Horrible experience horrible costumer service I will NEVER COME BACK And I will make sure to tell people about this horrible experience! They need to change management or better train the employees cause they just don't seem to know what they are doing
2	Very poor customer service experience... but... what else can you expect?
4	Everyone complaining about the long wait and expensive prices.. the burgers are all made to order and fresh! I thought their burgers where so tasty and worth the price and the wait. Wish they had one of these burger places at home in dublin :)
4	We were greeted and seated right away by Thomas who was by far the nicest and most professional waiter in the world.I thought the food was delish!!  For fast food it might be a bit long but this place is more of an eat in kinda place with the option to order at the counter and go. I highly recommend and ask for Thomas if possible it will make the 10 min wait for ur food well worth it.  Johnny rocket  ftw over in n out hands down
3	We had lunch here on 11/8/14.  No wait for ordering or seating or at the counter which is what we opted for.  We had a BLT and a Club.  Neither were anything special.  They'd forgotten our fries and olive/pickle on the blt.  No big deal, but seemed odd since it was pretty slow.
4	The young guy Tom that waited on us was great respectful curteous and food was great.
5	Burgers are delicious. And the onion rings very on point. My friend and I got served at the counter by paul (asian guy). He provided very very great servicr.
3	The food here is mediocre at best, but the service is amazing.  We were lucky enough to have Thomas wait on us. He was super friendly, very efficient and very attentive to our needs.  I ordered the grilled chicken club sandwich on a bun.  The sandwich was a bit sloppy and the chicken was just ok.  The sandwich did come with bacon and it was flavorful and delicious.  If I had to do it over again I would just order a shake and forget the chicken sandwich.   All in all, the quick meal was ok in a pinch.
3	It's fine and what you'd expect. It's located in the Bally's food court on Flamingo, between the Strip and Linq Lane.I like it because it was the nearest casual food near my hotel (Westin). Sometimes you don't have time or money for another fancy sit-down restaurant, but just need a burger within walking distance. A lot of the other nearest cheap eats would require getting in your car. The food took a little longer than normal, but it was NYE and every other place was packed too. I thought the staff did a decent job, and felt bad that rude customers were yelling at them, unjustified in my opinion.
