4	Excellent food for the price range. I'm going to be a regular, I'm certain. :)
3	I'm actually a fan of kafta. But it's hard to find someplace that's clean enough to eat, or that's cheap enough to keep me coming back. Kabob factory is amazing for the price...$5 for a sandwich? Not to mention the purple cabbage is seasoned to add a slightly sour note amidst all the pita and grilled lamb. The meat overall was ok. Not the most amazing thing but it was cool being able to see the meat, skewered on metal swords, ready to be fired. Table space was ok, but my friend was a little uncomfortable sitting at the counter because there was a mirror staring directly back at him. While the bright green interior was also a little bit offsetting, I can see myself making many returns here.
5	Simple, flavorful Turkish food.  Not only is the food delicious, but the staff is friendly and welcoming.  The first time I went there, I sparked up a conversation with the cashier, and she even offered me a cup of tea while I waited for my food.
5	This place is great! Its family run, and I felt like they really cared about me. The french fries are amazing, which is always a plus. I usually get the chicken kebob plate, which is quite good. It always lasts me two meals. There isn't much service, but the food arrives very quickly, which is nice because I only have 45 minutes between classes. I would definitely recommend.
5	Great authentic Turkish food that's quick and reasonable. Win win! The owner and staff are warm and friendly and the entrees on the menu are made fresh to order. Sometimes that means they run out of certain items, especially later in the evening, but there's always something food available! Always nice to support local small businesses and hopefully these guys do well here.
4	I ordered Doner in Pita to-go and was impressed with the flavor of the lamb. The yogurt sauce was light and was a great compliment to the sandwich (as opposed to heavy sauces which are too creamy and overpower the meat and vegetables). Unfortunately, the Pita could barely support the contents by the time I sat down to eat; I think it would have been prudent to have ordered the doner wrap instead of the doner in pita.The salads and  meats displayed looked to well spiced suggesting that the other menu items are promising to be flavorful as well. Also, I observed a peculiar yogurt beverage in refrigerator alongside soda and iced tea which may warrant a future trial. I was disappointed not to see a chili sauce offered; however, I do remember a bottle of hot sauce on each table (I believe it was Frank's) which isn't the best pairing for doner.In general, the staff was friendly and the establishment was clean.
5	Driving down 5th windows down music bumpin on my way to class stopped at a red I pulled up yelp to see where I could pop in and get some grilled chicken quickly. This place catches my yelp eye so I turn on Oakland and spot it.  I noticed its tucked in next to a Chinese spot oh decisions!  Skipped the Chinese and went w my initial plan. I'm unsure if I've ever tried Turkish food but boy oh boy this is delicious!  The spices, the seasoning, the size of the helping, the service, the price, the taste, the "healthier" option all made me extremely happy.  I went for the chicken shish kebabs which came with tomato, pepper, onion, lettuce, cabbage, , bread, and tahikihi sauce.  Simple prep and absolutely flavorful.  I'm lovin this place.
5	Best kebabs in town and very affordable. Their gyros/doner is as good as it gets. If you have only tried the processed gyro sold at the so called Greek fast food joints you are missing out. Their Adana is great tasting as well but give yourself a favor and try the mix grill.
5	This is the best Turkish food (fast-food) I have ever eaten in Pittsburgh and comparable to those I had in fancy restaurants. The ambiance is not fancy, more like a restaurant for students and for take-outs so do not expect good service. It is cheap. They also deliver but sometimes it is slow. Try doner or adana kebab and order a turkish tea after the meal.
4	I stop here weekly for the delicious, creamy, homemade hummus. To avoid the huge portions that other reviewers mention, I generally order half of one dish and half of another; that way I get a nice serving of hummus and tabouli or white bean salad, plus warm pita, for about $5. They offer wonderful light options for vegetarians, including baba ganoush and zucchini pancakes. The staff are always friendly, too. A welcome respite from the chain restaurants on Forbes.
5	Ok, this is it. This is the FIRST kebab spot in the area where the make Donner kebabs. The place alternating thin slices if seasoned meat on a spit and spin it, cook it, and slice it up for gyros or platters. They also, and this is SO cool, pack ground seasoned lamb on little swords and cook it up on a grill. They display the little meat packed swords'o'deliciousness in a refrigerated glass case. I was not hungry, a lot, but I wanted kebabs so I ordered kebabs. When I walked in the door it smelled SO great I got the platter of chicken and lamb and donner. I ALSO ordered a side of tabbouleh and extra bread. It was the BEST I ever had!!!! Ever, in my life, anywhere, at any time! See attached pictures. Next time I go, I am going to pick and choose all the little swords'o'yumminess right out of the case.  Oh, and the rice rocked! Fantastic! Tabbouleh? Eh... It was ok. I like tabbouleh with garlic and their's has zero. It was good, but not the best. But who cares, it was probably great for most folks. I just like garlic. By the way the kebabs had zero or little garlic, but I would have no problem at all taking someone from Lebanon or thereabouts or anyone who liked this kind of food there.This is my new favorite spot! Better than kassabs. Better than salonikas. Better than Tony's or anyone you can name. Absolutely the best.  So good I am going to go back and edit my reviews for any other gyro place, now enjoy the pictures I posted and get thee hence to the Kebab Factory. GREAT!!!!
5	I knew I loved the Kebab Factory, but I didn't realize just how much I did until today. As fate would have it, I stumbled upon this precious restaurant a few weeks ago. I ordered the doner kebab. This has remained my favorite. The lamb is rich and flavorful and the grilled vegetables, rice, and buttery roti only serve to compliment it. I always have enough leftovers for the next day. So it ends up being $8 for two meals. This is a big deal if you are a poor college student like me.Anyways, I have made a point to eat at here every weekend. This has been the first weekend I have broke tradition. I am currently stuck at home, where I am supposed to be enjoying my mother's fine cooking (she is a really excellent cook, don't get me wrong), but, instead, I am going through gyro withdrawal. I know I sound crazy. But you'll understand once you get yourself over to the Kebab Factory
4	Tonight I ordered take-out from the Kebab Factory for the first time. I will be going back.  The guy working the counter (perhaps the owner) was friendly and personable when I picked it up, which is always nice, but most importantly, the food was delicious.  Both the (lamb) gyro plate and the mixed appetizer were generously-sized, and thus a better value than I typically see in local Middle Eastern/Mediterranean places.  The gyro meat was not the best I've had, but still solid--well-seasoned and tasty.  I loved the cabbage slaw that came with the platter, and was delighted to find a half a grilled jalapeno as well. Rice pilaf, salad, and roasted tomato were also good.  The mixed appetizer was delicious and tasted very fresh, with distinct but complementary flavors among the 6 appetizer samples.  Probably my only complaints are that the pita was a bit dry, and the yogurt sauce included with the gyro platter was a little small and thin. I ended up using the yogurt sauce included with the mixed appetizer (cacik, I believe) instead, which was great with the gyro meat.
5	Food and service is awesome! Make sure you eat desert too. If you are lucky enough for hot Turkish tea, don't miss it. I would recommend for anybody who wants to try Mediterranean food!
3	So much food, so much in fact that I felt it could feed a family of four.  I ordered the chicken kabobs and the baba ganoush.  I really enjoyed the baba ganoush and the smokiness of the eggplant, I did feel like it could of used a bit of lemon or something to zest it up a bit and counter the smokiness.  I was looking forward to the chicken kabobs and while I thought they were good I didn't think they were flavorful enough.  They were lightly seasoned and I was yearning for a bit more flavor so I smothered the pickled cabbage all over it to give it a little something something.  The food tasted fresh and legit so I'd be up for trying other things on the menu.
5	Soo tasty of the lamb gyro pita. Will try the Potato salad that my friends had today, next time!
4	We did take out here to avoid hospital food during a recent stay.  Very tasty, nicely priced and convenient to the upmc facilities.
2	I got the falafel wrap and found it to be pretty tasteless. The hummus was not very flavorful and the wrap had burnt pieces on it which threw off the flavor. The falafel bits were pretty bland.
2	I ordered a "Lamb Shish Kebab" that comes with rice. It was for $9.95. Give me some less rice, some less salad but give me good amount of kebab for $10? There were 4 small unflavored hard pieces of kebab. I didn't enjoy my meal. There was so much room for improvement, Had I ordered rice and salad instead of kebab for $10, I might have given it 3 stars.
2	I got the lamb gyro wrap.The amount of food is huge, but you really don't want to eat all that. The lamb is grisly and cooked within an inch of its life. The only reason why it's not dry as dust is because they soaked the entire wrap in grease. That grease just gets onto everything: the original aluminum wrapper, three more sheets of napkins. my hands, my laptop, everything. Salad component consists of mostly cheap shredded iceberg lettuce and raw white onions. Not worth the $8.
3	Place is small, so friend and I ordered take-out. We tried the chicken kebab and the kofta kebab. It came with lots of rice, salad, grilled tomatoes and peppers. Taste was alright. Portion would definitely fill you up.
1	Steer clear of the lamb gyro - the meat is truly awful. It was dry, chewy, and tasteless. I don't know how a gyro could go wrong. I love gyros. This was just absurdly disgusting. The bread was burned. The entrees came out one at a time over a period of 15 minutes. Also, they got the order wrong two times, but they did correct this without much difficulty. We just decided to cut off the incoming food by telling them we would pay for whatever we currently had on the table.Bear in mind that we are Pakistanis and were taught to finish ALL of our food so we literally clean our plates! I felt awful leaving the gyro meat on my plate but I honestly couldn't tolerate eating it.Pluses: chicken shish kabob was palatable. Yogurt sauce on top of everything made the rest of the food almost edible.Owners/wait staff - please don't be offended. I am not writing this to be mean spirited. It was just an unfortunate experience.
3	We stopped for lunch on a Wednesday. This place is tiny tiny tiny. Seriously I think that the tables were enough to sit 10 and then a counter along the wall. Don't stop if you are looking for a quick bite, they definitely take their time with everything. If you plan to order takeout, call ahead because we watched 2 people wait almost 20 mins for their takeout. All in all our lunch of two doner (gyro wrap) and grape leaves took 45 mins start to finish. No biggee but definitely not quick.To start out with we ordered the grape leaves and they were wonderful. Super lemony, light and refreshing. I ate 5 and they are not small!Our doner wraps were also very tasty. They grill the wrap so the nice char on the bread goes well with the spicy meat, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions. The only thing we both found odd was that they give you the tiniest container of cucumber sauce and it was super runny. Way runnier than I'm used to and seriously this container is tiny. Like thimble tiny. If you like cucumber sauce, make sure to ask for extra. It had a good flavor but the consistency was odd. The meat was very nice, not processes to the point where you couldn't tell what you were eating, it still had a nice meaty texture. All in all a good lunch but with all the fantastic options that are popping up in Oakland I'm not sure if I would return.
3	The segara boregi was absolutely delicious... that being said, I expected more from the lamb and the chicken kebabs I ordered. It wasn't even the fact that it wasn't on a stick, it was the portion size. For the price I payed I expect more than 2 ounces of meat. Basically I payed $9 for a bland portion of rice. The only reason I would consider returning would be to fill up on the appetizers.
2	I was visiting Pgh and saw reviews on this place thought to give a try..Being from Chicago and tasted GOOD middle eastern cuisine this food is average. I ordered the mixed grill plate and side of hummus, falfael wrap..first Pita is not authentic middleastern, something you buy at grocery store.The lamb shawerma did not taste any where closer to what shawerma should taste (have to be marinated and seasoned) Ifelt I was eating roasted lamb meat.. Falafel ok, hummus did not taste well either(not enough tahini)..Overall not satisfied..portions are very small..never order from here again..If you like real authentic middleastern try soemthing else..
2	I ordered from Grub Hub so I haven't been in the restaurant itself.I don't know how I feel about this place!  I could tell the food was very fresh, but not good.  I had the hummus and there was NO TAHINI in it.  It was so strange.  I'm taking it home tonight to add tahini too it, I bet it will be awesome.The falafel had no flavor.The pita had plenty of flavor, it tasted liek I was licking their grill.  They must lay the pita directly on the grill.  I did not enjoy the burnt ash taste, but maybe some people do.Given that the delivery guy was HOT LIKE FIRE, Adonis bearing falafel, I will DEF order again if only to see that smile!  But, I'd order something different.
1	Ordered from here on 11/19/14 and it took over 2 hours to arrive and the food was cold and basically inedible. When I called to complain, they refused to issue a refund. The food is not good enough to put up with the headache and terrible customer service. I'd suggest trying somewhere else.
