5	Yes, Dan is a great host, chef and I'm glad he decided to return to Pittsburgh! I meant to write this Yelp review awhile ago - and agree with Elizabeth M, in that I don't want it overrun and I can't get a table. On the contrary, I do want this place to stay open. We've been here twice and each time, it's delicious. I've had the deep fried gnocchi and it is delicious. I also had the pasta with peas and the fish. Again-- everything is wonderful. And our friends loved the place too. I look forward to seeing the place once he's redecorated, then it'll be even cozier. BYOB - keeps it totally reasonable. And the staff are very friendly. Can't say enough good things about this place.
4	This place was delicious, and the service was excellent. The crab dip with bacon was quite tasty. The basa with lobster bean puree and greens with bacon was absolutely incredible. The portion of fish was HUGE and perfectly cooked. We weren't a huge fan of the fried gnocchi entree (with an Indian spiced tomato sauce) because the gnocchi weren't at all crispy. The chef came out at the end and asked our feedback on the entire meal. He was a very personable guy and it was apparent that he truly appreciates customer feedback. Kaleidoscope is BYOB w/ a $2.50/stem corkage fee. It was great - check it out before it gets so busy that you can't get in!
5	We came here for the first time last night as part of a group party.  A friend of mine maintains a food blog, and they do a monthly wine exchange at local BYOB restaurants.  Last night's exchange was at Kaleidoscope, and we had a truly great time.Since it was a closed party, they served us 'family style' from big plates that we passed around between our group tables.  We started with a salad with a homemade dressing, and warm pita bread with a heavenly pine nut butter spread.The side dish was herb baked polenta with winter vegetable ragu.  I haven't ever had polenta before, and it was really good, kind of somewhere between corn bread and baked potato consistency.  The 'winter vegetables' were like a warm salsa topping the polenta.For dinner, we had two entrees.  The first was a pork loin roasted with habernero apple compote.  This was amazing - I have had pork with fruit several times recently (the last was with pear), and I cannot say enough good things about this combination.   The pork was tender and juicy.The second entree was beef with 'cow jumped over the blue moon' pasta.  The pasta was fettuccine, but smelled and tasted just like homecooked pierogies in butter and onions.  I made the waiter take my plate after my first serving, because I was afraid I would just go back for more and more.  The beef was so juicy and melt-in-your-mouth good.We also got the chocolate cake dessert, which was awesome.  The other option was a baked pear dessert, and I wish we had been able to get both.  Everything was just delicious.Kaleidoscope is BYOB, which I also love.  It's nestled a few streets back from the bustle of Butler Street, and is hard to miss if you aren't looking for it.  We are certainly glad to have discovered it, and we will definitely be back!
5	Recently had dinner here with a large group of friends. Great food and service. Prices were extremely low for the product, which I assume will change after they start to attract customers. I tried a cannolli shell filled with savory duck meat and a dark cocoa sauce (rather than conventional sweet filling) and dusted with pistachio. Excellent. I ate a fresh pasta (you could tell it was made from scratch) with a blue cheese & cream sauce with flank steak. The steak was like the cut you would have in a taco, but it was so tender that it could cut with a fork and had the consistency of liver. Definitely try this place. It's BYOB!
4	Super friendly people and delicious food, all only a few blocks from my house!I arrived for a group dinner party only to end up waiting a half-hour for my friends to arrive-awkward-but the waiter was incredibly friendly. Then, the food.  Delish.  The duck cannelloni were amazing, the gnocchi not too heavy, and they have a deal where if you order a certain combination of entrees and apps you get a free bottle of wine. Not bad.  I will for sure be back.
5	Awesome, creative, innovative food, for a really great price. Hidden in the back streets so a bit quiet. Also the chef Dan is a great guy. BYOB. Definitely worth going.
5	What a hidden gem in Lawrenceville! This little cafe has adventurous culinary creations, great service, and is reasonably priced.I came here on a sunny weekend afternoon upon seeing their (amazing) logo a few times on Butler Street. My beau and I were the only ones in the cafe at the time and were made to feel extremely welcome (which I can't say for all empty establishments unfortunately). I ordered the fried gnocchi which arrived in an Indian-inspired tomato chutney sauce with cashews. Delicious! I greatly appreciated the creativity in presenting gnocchi, a classic Italian pasta, with a traditionally Indian sauce. Not to mention, it didn't suffer from the typical problem gnocchi tends to have: being WAY too dense and soggy. On the contrary, it was fairly light (considering the fact that it was fried) and not too heavy.As a vegetarian, I was originally concerned about the lack of veg options on the menu but was told almost anything on the menu could be made vegetarian. Perhaps in another non-vegetarian life, I'll get the duck cannoli with white chocolate!(Also, Dan, the chef/owner is extremely personable and accommodating! Great service.)
3	Cool name for a cafe though too bad I can't spell kaleidoscope without looking it up. You won't miss this spot if you're driving down the street as the exterior is painted brightly. Very cool how each table has its own actual kaleidoscope and how the interior has various shapes for decor on the walls and ceiling - certainly makes your eyes wander around curiously.Food was really good - we shared the duck cannoli and fried gnocchi, which were both unexpectedly delicious. I've never had a savory cannoli before. I ordered the beat salad and my boyfriend ordered the apple sausage pasta which had some pears in it.Server was incredibly nice and apologized in advance for the slow service that he brought out some warm toasted bread with a strawberry balsamic butter. I think there were three guys in total who were working so we felt bad for the server though the restaurant was about half full for dinner. We waited about fifteen minutes at least for him to come pick up our credit card but in the end we just left cash as we needed to head out.We will definitely head back with a bottle of wine (BYOB) as we thought the food was great but I hope service will be faster so I can bump up the rating.
3	We had dinner at 8pm on a Friday night, and we were the only ones there.   I gave myself a pep-talk that it didn't mean anything, it was up & coming and hadn't been discovered...blah blah blah.I struggled with the menu a bit - the pricing and options are all over the place.   There are entrees in the low $20-30's. Small plates for 7-10, and pasta dishes for 10-15.  They also had salads - sized 'medium' & 'large'.  Maybe it's clear to others, but for some reason this selection and price points was a hodgepodge of trying to figure out what I want.   (And what they are trying to be!)They have a sandwich/burger menu that my friend had scoped online and was excited about...but they only serve till 5.  We were able to convince them to make us a burger and a fish sandwich.  Both were good  - and highly recommended - but only available at lunch.I ordered The cow jumped over the blue moon pasta... Gorgonzola, fettucini, and beef.  It was very rich and great! BUT - here is my American-skewed proportion.  It was a small serving.  I'm used to pasta dishes that I can only eat half of.... I cleared my plate and it was a very rich dish.  So - I suppose that's fine.  But it made me confused what a small plate would be???   Then on the other hand, I wanted a small garden salad...for this I ordered a 'medium' .... It was a plain salad, nothing to write home about - but it was way too much.  Ok, enough rambling....the food was good. Some very good. The service was great - very accommodating.But I'm not sure what group I would come back with...a nice dinner/special occasion - or a more ordinary week night meal? I'm not sure.  I hope they tighten up their menu, find 3-4 killer dishes, and this place could be amazing.
4	Worth going off the beat and path for.  Went there for lunch.  I had the Farmhouse Salad.  All the ingredients were fresh and tasty.  I liked that I had a choice of having either a medium or large portion.  I opted to have a grilled portobello on top.  Pure heaven.   My boyfriend had the "Go fish" sandwich which was made with freshly broiled Basa.  Again, super fresh and tasty.  He had a side order of fries.  These were no ordinary fries.  They were freshly cut potatoes, done crispy and lightly salted.  Perfect.   We were there at an odd time (between lunch and dinner) so there weren't many people there.  Service was great.  I would definitely go back and try one of the dinner entrees!   You should definitely check out this hidden jewel in Lawrenceville.
5	This restaurant is wonderful. The food is fresh and savory. Portion sizes are filling. The atmosphere is quite interesting. If you don't enjoy your company, you can simply be stimulated by your surroundings. This restaurant is BYOB so make sure you bring your favorite bottle of wine. I highly recommend this venue.
4	Talk about off the beaten path!  The place is in Lawrenceville nestled between houses off Butler St.  But once you walk in, it's an adorable little cafe with tiny homemade Kaleidscopes on the tables and giant colorful triangles all over the walls and ceiling.The menu was actually larger than I thought for lunch with salads, sammies and main dishes like pasta (surprisingly a lot of pasta's actually!).  The people next to us had a huge dish of pasta that looked good, but the fries the other person had smelled even better!  So I opted for the Veggie sammie and fries.  The veggies were eggplant, zucchini and a portobella cap.  The bun was so good!  It was fresh and soft.  I hate when sammies are served on sour dough because, number one, I don't like sour dough, but number two, it's hard to eat!  The fries were just as awesome as they smelled, nice thick cut and crispy!  So the veggies totally canceled out the fat in the fries, right?!
3	Adorable little artsy cafe with a lot of charm and potential! Let me knock out a list of a few kinks I feel should be worked out first before delving into the food:1. The entrance is on the side of the building, not the front. Confusing because the signage is on the front of the building2. A bit of a wait for your food. We were the only diners so I'm not sure why it took so long. I think they only had one cook back there3. The bread. But more on that in a momentWe arrived around 430p, which I guess is an odd time to eat (what meal is that anyway? Lunner? Dunch?). The chef actually greeted us, which was a nice personal touch. The waitress then arrived promptly with a menu. Yes, the selection was pretty big so I decided on the Go Fish Sandwich with fruit. The fish, Basa, was marinated in Pesto sauce and broiled. It was tasty and herby and cooked perfectly. The only problem was the bun- a generic hamburger bun, like the kind you get at Giant Eagle last minute for a BBQ, the enriched white kind. And the fish was way longer than the bun so I ended up folding it in half. The fruit consisted of small slices of pear with store bought dried cranberries on top. Not terrible, but it felt a bit like an afterthought. Mika ordered the penne pasta with chicken and red sauce. It was ok, but tasted like something easily made at home with a jar of stewed tomatoes.For dessert we ordered the flour less chocolate torte. It was ok, but very boozy tasting! Rum perhaps? Either way it was pretty strong- whew! Not that we complained, as we both love a boozy dessert, but this part wasn't mentioned when we ordered and probably should have been, due to folks with allergies, non drinkers, ect. I really loved the homemade kaleidoscopes on the tables (NOTE- do not try to twist them- they do not twist) and the big colorful triangles. I am hopeful that they will work things out and become a real LV gem! I would go there again, maybe for brunch next time.
5	One of the best meals I've had in ages!We started with some sort of special butter that had figs or dates in it with pita and it was the yummiest thing you can imagine. I could have eaten it with a spoon.Then I had a Romano tomato soup that was amazing. You could really taste three different distinct flavors from the tomatoes, cheese, and basil. For an entree, I had the polenta with portobellos and winter vegetables. This was my first polenta experience so I have nothing to compare it to but it was like a dense cornbread.  Nice dish on a cold wintery day and very filling.Finally, we shared a piece of the flourless chocolate cake courtesy of the owner and chef. It was so incredibly rich that I don't think I could have eaten a whole piece by myself.My dining partners had the Cow Jumped Over the Moon pasta and the Basa fish and were very happy. They're usually pretty hard to please.
5	Talk about a surprise gem in Lawrenceville.Nestled closer to the river on 43rd, Kaleidoscope Cafe stands out among the older houses in the area with its colorful and artistic exterior.  Inside, you'll find low lighting, fun decor, and amazing food.The service was perfect.  Our waiter was there when we needed him, answered our questions, and gave helpful recommendations.  The service was prompt; keeping our drinks full without interrupting or disturbing our conversation.For appetizers, the deep fried gnocchi was outstanding.  I never had gnocchi prepared fried, so this was a tantalizing new experience for me.  The gentle crispy outside merely contained the yummy goodness that awaited me as I bit in to the little fried nuggets of delight.  The tomato/marinara sauce served along side was the perfect compliment.The crab dip with bacon was a match made in heaven.  Two things I can't get enough of; brought together in sweet salty matrimony.  I would have ordered 5, but alas, there was still the main course.To finish off an already outstanding evening of food, the crusted tuna with lavender mandarin yogurt sauce and pineapple risotto took me over the edge of food bliss.  The tuna was cooked perfectly.  The sauce was delicious without overpowering the fish.  Finally, the risotto was perfectly cooked and complimented the rest of the dish exceptionally well.Overall, one of the best dinners I've had in a while.  The only flaws I could really find in the place were a lack of linens and the BYOB policy (which is kind of a plus too).  In the end, I barely remember not having linens on my table since what really stuck out was the exceptional food.
4	Went on a first date here a few weeks ago! It was a busy Saturday night, but they managed to squeeze us in. Very personable and friendly staff! The food was fantastic, fresh American cuisine. The chef even paid us a visit to make sure that we were enjoying everything and serves a different style of bread each night! Perfect for a date or a small group. It's BYOB, so make sure to bring a bottle of wine or two!
5	Nothing negative to say about this place!  My Cow Jumped Over the Blue Moon was to die for! The cheese sauce was creamy and tart. The beef tender and cooked to perfection. EVERYTHING was cooked to perfection!  The chef even made an appearance to get feedback on the dishes. The menu may not have a huge selection, but it is still hard to choose which entree to try.  The creative kaleidoscope makes me think of the clientele this place seems to have. Colorful and full of life!
4	Good burgers. Enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich in house made bbq sauce, as well. The rest of the menu has some creative entrees that sound delicious.
4	Had a lunch meeting here w/ my Pastor. Dan (the owner) is a friend of his & this was my 1st time eating here. I was impressed! I had the Chicken Breast sandwich which is a grilled chicken breast, served with bacon, avocado, tomato, cheddar cheese & something called  "awesome" sauce, which was really good on my fries. The sauce DEFINITELY lives up to it's name, but I have no idea what's in it & Dan keeps it TOP SECRET!!! I did ask for a sample of it to take home & have my hubby try to help me figure out the ingredients (I jokingly said I needed to "get it to the lab"). We're still stumped!!! Oh well, all the more reason to go BACK & get more! The food was great. Decor was interesting & really cool. From what Dan said, the tables are all different works of art done by local artists. Also, in keeping with the theme/name of the place, there are Kaleidoscopes on each table.  Looking forward to going back sometime soon! Since I went in the middle of a Friday afternoon, I'm not sure how busy it gets in the evening. But it was a great, quiet place to have good food & a quiet lunch meeting at the same time.
5	Wow. That was good.
5	I'm really late on this review, but my experience here was so good that I just had to Yelp about it!  (I also apologize in advance for the inevitable lengthy review about to be born...) After hearing good things about Kaleidoscope Cafe, I was finally able to dine here with my family and was blown away!  There was 4 of us and we went on a Friday night around 7-8ish.  The inside is so cute, decorated with paintings and artwork from local artists.  Each table has a unique painting on it - all were very cool.  There was a small crowd for a Friday night, but the restaurant is actually spacious inside and there was no wait.  Anyways, onto the food... we each ordered a different salad and a different small plate with the intentions of sharing everything, because everything looked good on the menu.  All the salads were very fresh and equally delicious.  Of the small plates, I think the fried gnocchis were my favorite, although I'm a little biased as gnocchi is one of my favorite foods, but really, I remember loving every plate.  The chicken sausage and duck cannoli were cooked to perfection and served beautifully.  After dinner, even though we were pretty stuffed, we decided to follow our momentum and try all three desserts.  Again, completely overwhelmed with how good these were!  The chef actually came out to talk to us during dessert, because he thought we were food critics (since we basically ordered half the menu between the 4 of us,) haha.  He said the poached pear is his specialty dessert and I will admit, it was delicious and served in a gourmet fashion - as all his dishes were.  The only complaint I would have is that our meal did take a long time.  (I'm  guessing because the chef/owner literally makes everything, which is awesome!)  We were not starving when we got there and had plenty of Cider from Arsenal Cider House to keep us occupied that the slowness wasn't an issue for us, but it is something I'd keep in mind before visiting.  If you haven't been to Kaleidoscope Cafe, I highly reccomment you do yourself a favor and get there!  The chef/owner was so friendly and down to earth.  You could tell and see through his food how passionate he is about his Cafe.  I'm already thinking about when/how I can go back here!
4	Tucked away in the heart of Lawrenceville. This place is definitely a diamond in the ruff.This small eatery was BYOB, and the food was packed with flavor. Upon entering the  building there was only us and one other table of 3 inside for dinner. The host/server was a little awkward, but overall very friendly. He should be a little more confident as the food was stellar. We started off with the Crab Dip as an appetizer. It came out piping hot, with toasted Pita bread to dip with. Salty, creamy, and pretty flavorful, I was satisfied with this as an appetizer. Next we shared a farmhouse salad. The candied walnuts, beets, Gorgonzola, and pears complimented the vinaigrette dressing very nicely. The medium salad was plenty for two to split as a starter. Main courses, I chose the rosemary pork tenderloin with butternut squash and pancetta hash. My sister chose the Fried Basa with white bean lobster puree. Both dishes were awesome. The large chunks of crispy pancetta paired with the sweet butternut squash and juicy rosemary pork tenderloin really lit up the taste buds like a holiday meal. The Basa was perfectly fried, and the white bean lobster puree was very flavorful. For dessert we split a slice of the flourless chocolate torte and the rosemary shortbread tart. Both were outstanding. Packed with flavor. The Rosemary tort was very tart and and the rosemary crust was crumbly and delicious. The chocolate torte was smoothe and rich.This place is a bit pricey, but the quality of the food is legit.Definitely recommended.
5	Short but sweet review: easy to find on the corner of 43rd in the Lawrenceville section of the city...and the only light colored brick building with funky art all over it. Quaint, and relaxed interior with each table top being created by different local artists (yay for supporting local!!). But, the important part: the food. As a longtime vegetarian (albeit recently eating phish and chicken...sshhh...don't tell PETA), I always dig anywhere I can eat that offers more than a boring iceberg lettuce side salad. So big props to Dan and crew at Kaleidoscope Cafe for offering several diverse salads, that can be a meal in themselves. I got the Farmhouse salad...it has beets in it. I don't eat beets. Ever. But the way they are prepared and incorporated into this salad is ridiculously yummy. So much so, that I would eat it again. There are options for meat eaters, veggie, and some things that could be made vegan. I also had a veggie stacker sandwich, with portobello and roasted red peppers. Again, my tummy smiled. My boyfriend had a chicken sandwich of some sort with avocado and bacon on it. He barely spoke while eating it as he was so engulfed by flavory goodness-to quote, he says 'it was really good.' price for lunch with appetizer, salad, and two meals was average, but supporting local artists and independent businesses is priceless. Go eat here and play with kaleidoscopes while u wait for your food. To-go orders, too. Your taste buds will dance :)
5	A five star rating is rare for me, so when I took in the loud atmosphere, cheap decor (unmatched tables, random haphazard triangles stuck on the walls for adornment), and low staff (one waitress and one hostess for the entire place), I wasn't expecting much.And then the food arrived, and my taste buds were in for a treat! Even right from the complimentary bread and butter (Pita and seasoned butter), the food was fantastic. Possibly the best meal I've had in Pittsburgh to date.Our appetizers, the deep fried gnocchi was so light and airy that I couldn't believe it was made from potato. The duck cannoli served on a white chocolate sauce was moist and perfectly balanced. The entrees kept up the extremely high level of flavor, the cow jumped over the blue moon featured a perfectly cooked steak atop a rich pasta sauce. Honestly, either of the two alone would have been a great entree, but combined the balance of flavors was irresistible. My wife had the cornish game hen, and let me tell you, it was absolutely the right choice. The bird was moist and delicious, served on top of light and airy mashed potatoes, with dried figs, tomatoes, and snow peas. For desert we tried the flourless chocolate cake and rosemary lemon torte. I must note that while they were very good, I recommend getting both and sharing, as the lemon is very refreshing and the chocolate very rich, so they compliment eachother well. I will definitely be going back. Any time I can make the excuse!
5	My Husband dragged me here on a night where I wasn't even sure I wanted to eat let alone go out.  Boy was I wrong.  This was one of the single greatest meals I have ever eaten. The service was excellent, specifically considering that there was only one waitress on for the whole restaurant and one hostess, who wasn't even the regular hostess she was just filling in for a friend.  They were on top of everything and worked together to make sure that the water glasses were always full and that plates were delivered and cleared in a timely manner. The meal began with homemade pita bread and butter that was flavored with amazing sweet and salty properties, but I can't even remember what flavors. We then had the Fried Gnocchi with homemade marinara.  These were the lightest gnocchi I have ever had.  It was as though you put the gnocchi in your mouth and then it disappeared leaving a delicious flavor in its path. We also started with the Duck Cannoli.  There was a large amount of duck that spilled out of the cannoli onto the plate that had a delicious white chocolate sauce on it that worked very well with the duck.  Rotem D. ordered the cow over the blue moon pasta which was delicious and the gorgonzola sauce was delicious. I ordered the cornish hen which was out of this world delicious.  The sauce over the hen was outstanding and really complemented the light taste of the hen.  The accompanying potatoes and snow peas were delicious as well.After all of that delicious food we couldn't imagine not trying dessert. We had the Flourless chocolate cake which was delicious and lighter than many other versions that I have tried. We also shared the Lemon rosemary shortbread torte which was delicious on its own, but better paired with the flourless chocolate cake. I will definitely be back to try more, but it is definitely going to be hard not to order those gnocchi and that hen again.
4	Kaleidoscope Cafe is a few streets off Butler in the heart of Lawerenceville's business district. It's housed in a stand-alone row house filled with charm. It's the kind of restaurant that keeps the city vibrant and moving forward as a food destination. The dining room only has 10 or so tables so I'd call ahead just to be safe because this is one meal you won't want to miss.I've heard good things about Kaleidoscope Cafe but I'm not sure why I didn't know about the deep-fried gnocchi. Seriously, people. Order anything you like on the menu because it all looks amazing, but be sure to add an order of Gnocchi Nirvana as well.The homemade potato gnocchi is deep fried which is a feat in-and-of itself because according to Chef Dan if you try and deep fry gnocchi it explodes. So personally, I think Kaleidoscope should win awards for being able to even make this dish.When I think deep fried, I automatically think of a heavy, chewy batter and a greasy taste. This was the exact opposite. It was so light and fluffy, with a light crisp in each bite that they might have replaced Osteria's gnocchi as my favorite in the city. The gnocchi itself was set on top of a bath of kafta (Indian spiced tomato cashew sauce) and topped with bits of chorizo (Soyrizo is also available). The flavors combined together to make a nice blend of mild heat and tang,  a welcomed surprise since when I think gnocchi, I think Italian.Although the Poached Pear is its speciality, I can't resist chocolate. So I went with the Flourless Chocolate Torte for dessert. Chef Dan said something along the lines of "this will be the best dessert you ever had." And maybe something about it being orgasmic, life-changing... basically a slew of very powerful words that I didn't believe. Boy, was I wrong. I didn't get what he meant until about half-way through my first bite. Then it hit me. The tort was rich and moist and sexy.... if cake could be sexy. And the white chocolate ganache with raspberry hearts was the perfect compliment. That tort was so good that I didn't even offer to share it with my dining partner. Sorry... but not really.My only really problem with Kaleidoscope Cafe is the fact that I'll never want to try anything else there after this meal. But that's one problem I'm totally fine with...
4	Had a special dinner here with Jamie and Asia. Sweet potato bisque, Mediterranean Salad, Gnocchi Nirvana and the Cow Jumped Over the Blue Moon. Ate it all and cleaned our plates. Finished with Flourless Chocolate Torte. Good service and excellent company with Jaymet and Asia!
4	If you can ignore the decor, the food is fantastic. I had wanted to try the Kaleidescope cafe since I discovered it during Pittsburgh restaurant week. We made reservations and met two dining companions on a friday night. Upon arrival, we were immediately taken aback by the size and decor. This restaurant is tiny. I'd say it maxes out at about 40 people. The inside looks a little dull and old except for the bright colored glass everywhere. Maybe it's just me but I don't really get the kaleidescope theme. It's an odd choice for a resturant in my opinion. We started our meals with the fried gnocchi and the crab dip appetizers. I wasn't overly impressed with the crab dip but the gnocchi were quite interesting. I enjoyed the smooth texture and slightly crunchy breading. For my main entree, I ordered the pork tenderloin but replaced the hash with the garlic mashed potatoes due to my love of anything with garlic in the name. The potatoes did not disappoint. They were smashed, slightly lumpy and rich with garlic, just how I like 'em. The pork loin was very tender, juice and cooked to the perfect temperature. My husband also thoroughly enjoyed his entree choice, the cow jumped over the blue moon which is a clever name for a fettuchine alfredo with gorgonzola and steak.  We then finished our meal with the new dessert, which was not listed on the menu but caught my ear when our server mentioned apples. This new dessert reminds me of an apple pastry. It was tasty but did not compare to the main entree. One issue I did have with my Kaleidescope cafe experience was the service. Our meals took forever! Largely due to a 20 top that must have been sat 15 minutes before us, it took almost 3 hours total for our meal! The waiter apologized and offered us free wine and extra pita bread with homemade butter but, that didn't help us much since we had a hard time finishing the 2 bottles we had brought ourselves. I can't help but wonder who thought it was a good idea to book reservations so close to seating a party that took up half the restaurant.
5	This was an excellent little place. It is really low key, not crowded, I am guessing partly due to its location on the back streets of Lawrenceville. The decor is cool, creatively playing off of its name. The chef was kind enough to provide us these small pita bread pieces with a delicious sweet fig butter to get us started. My girlfriend and I both then had the "Gnocchi Nirvana" which is a deep fried Gnocchi with "Soyrizo (vegetarian friendly!)" and kafta (Indian sauce). Absolutely delicious. We got a dessert that was a tart with apple and walnut. I cannot emphasize in words how good this was. Bottomline is, I went here maybe a year ago and I was not very impressed. Significantly improved and I could see myself wanting to come back here again and again. It is always cool to find a quality restaurant without ridiculous crowds.
4	Kaleidoscope Cafe is another strong addition to the Lawrenceville dining scene.  It's off the main Butler st strip in this converted house located on a quiet unassuming corner, so don't be alarmed like I was when I arrived.  This restaurant offers semi-upscale dining in a casual environment.  The menu selection is quite unique.We started off our meal with deep fried gnocci which crisp and satisfying.  Despite the fact that it was deep fried, it was cooked and presented in such that you wouldn't think it was in fact deep fried.  For the main meal I enjoyed vegetable polenta which was freshly prepared and appropriately seasoned.  The serving size was enough to leave you satisfied, but don't go expecting to take food home unless your appetite is really that miniscule.  The meal was capped off with poached pear, a desert that actually spices some spice!  Very tasty.The service was good, and do note BYOB for those of you interested in that.  We were greeted by the chef towards the end of the meal, which was certainly a nice touch.  Why 4 stars instead of 5?  Fancy pants food in a cafe like setting was kind of an odd experience for me.  Maybe you'd beg to differ?
5	This restaurant was on my list of must-tries for a while, and was I right or what!  My friend and I visited late on a Saturday. We got the fried gnocchi for an app, which was a great app size but of course I wished it was bigger. The gnocchi was just the right texture (some people kill that stuff). They also provided toasted pita chips in leu of the bread or chips. Yum. My friend got the Cow Jumped Over the Blue Moon Pasta, and I got the Scallops Beurre Noisette. Again, the scallops were cooked just right, and the sauce complimented the light scallop flavor beautifully. We both preferred our choice to the other's, which is usually how it goes when we eat out. Both dishes had very strong flavors, so you need to love your choice.We were too full for dessert, but I plan to go back late one night and order just all the desserts. There are three, and I have heard great things about the Poached Pear from a co-worker who frequents the place.I also love the size as I love the homey feel with a touch of fun design. The night we were there, there was a group of 8 or so girls, and one of them thought it necessary to do a screaming-laugh for about 5 seconds straight--you know, the piercing kind. Ouch. So--great acoustics also! But she couldn't ruin the food or the ambience for me, it was just too good, exactly what I was looking for that night.
4	I need to actually visit Kaleidoscope Cafe after having a sample of its greatness last night. I was at an event where there was a sampling of the hummus and now all i want is to go there and order everything off the menu. The hummus was excellent so I can only imagine how good everything else is.
5	Really reasonably priced. Dinner for two, salads, entrees, and wine (byob) for around $50 on a Friday night before a show is pretty great! The gnocchi nirvana is truly nirvana. I can't say enough about how delicious it was. I highly recommend you make reservations. It's very small and intimate. I wish we had saved room for dessert!
4	3.0 / 5 - Pulled Pork: Usually not a huge fan but it was quite good.  Buns are great.2.5 / 5 - Fries: Great flavor from high quality oil, nice big sea salt, but not always crunchy3.0 / 5 - Burger: Great bread, high quality lettuce.  Tastes great with options like brie and avocado.  Patty comes out most of the time to be a pretty good medium-rare when ordered rare, though sometimes the edges are cooked a bit too much.2.5 / 5 - Classic Pasta - light, semi sweet and saltay marinara sauce, lean ground beef, could use a bit more sauce.  4.0 / 5 - Fried Gnocchi small plate: soft, delicious, light, like pillows.  some of the best I've had. Small portion, though.1.5 / 5 - Pesto FishGreat service, very friendly people.
4	Finally got to go here on Friday - have been looking forward to trying this place for some time. I'm glad I went - it was fabulous! We love BYOB places and have been working our way through pretty much all of them in Pittsburgh and this was on the tour list for sure!  While the atmosphere is a little subdued (despite the simulated kaleidoscope pieces on the walls), it was cozy enough and we lingered before and after dinner to make sure we didn't take half empty wine bottles home. The Kaleidoscope salad was delightful and a good starter. Soup of the day was tomato romano which was deep with flavor and a wonderful nutty note of aged romano cheese. I could have eaten a gallon of it! We ordered the gnocchi nirvana to share as an appetizer and let me just say this - everything people write about this is true. WOW! It is FABULOUS!! Soft, like melted marshmallows, hands down the best gnocchi I've ever had! It melts BEFORE it gets to your mouth - and the flavors are amazing. Do yourself a favor - order this!I got the Cow jumped over the moon - the beef was super tender and the fettuccini was cooked perfectly. The gorgonzola cream sauce was intense without being overpowering. Filled with flavor, this is a dish I'd get again - but only after I worked my way through some of the other entrees. My wife got the scallops buerre noisette - perfectly cooked jumbo scallops in an amazing brown butter sauce. All so fresh and a good size portion. Yum indeed. Service was top notch and attentive. The menu is somewhat limited but there is enough there to satisfy most everyone's palate. Well worth your time to check out!
4	We went on a Saturday evening. It's a small, cozy restaurant. Also, it's BYOB. We were seated by a window, which was nice. I am guessing the triangle decor is supposed to evoke a kaleidosope, a tiny toy of which was on each table. At first, when the restaurant was nearly empty, it was very quiet and we could easily hear the conversations of fellow diners. Once the space filled with lots of people talking & enjoying their BYOB beverages, it got quite loud! Fire Roasted Vegetable Soup: with cayenne in it. I found it to be too hot/spicy while G really enjoyed it. It looked like there was maybe a bit of cream in the soup and all the veggies were pureed so the soup was smooth not chunky.Duck Cannoli: with white chocolate cardamom beurre blanc and pistachio dust. I tried a small bite of duck and cannoli shell. The duck was moist, tender, and a bit sweet but not overly sweet. G loved this and is looking forward to a return visit so he can order it again.Deep Fried Gnocchi small plate: These were the lightest, most delicious gnocchi I have ever eaten! When I took my first bite, the gnocchi seemed so creamy and moist and melty that I thought it was almost like eating fried cheese. Not too potato heavy or starchy or dense. Just light deliciousness. The marinara was delicious, too.Bread basket: warm pita with a honey~lemon~pine nut butter. The butter was so creamy and flavorful and it melted on the warm pita. Pan Seared Basa with a lobster~white bean puree and greens sauteed with bacon. Our server had pointed out the basa to us when he first came over, telling us that it is a white fish similar to tilapia, and we heard him tell another table that the fish can actually be pounded without ruining the texture and taste. G had heard of basa, and even eaten it once, but I hadn't heard of it. It was a huge piece of fish and he said it was perfectly cooked and delicious, especially with the lobster~bean puree and greens & bacon to add oomph to a mild white fish.Scallops Beurre Noisette, seared sea scallops, toasted walnuts, & diced tomato in brown butter sauce over farfalle. Usually I don't order scallops as an entree. They were beautifully seared and flavorful. This dish was delicious - just 4 ingredients and a pasta. Simple, but it worked nicely. The walnuts added a nice crunch plus toasty taste, the brown butter was not too overwhelming and it was not a pool in which the other ingredients could swim. I ate all the scallops but only about half the pasta - it was a big portion for me.Poached Pear for dessert. It's poached in red wine & mulling spices, served with fig and spiced rum mascarpone quenelle and candied walnuts. G said it was delicious, of course, poached pear is one of his favorite desserts. I thought it was delicious, too, soft and spicy and moist.Apple Tart. Delicious crust with walnuts, pastry cream, thinly sliced apple, just so good. I really didn't think I'd be able to finish dessert when I ordered it, but this was so good I ate it all, scraping up every last crumb on the plate. Sometimes an apple dessert like this can be too bland or too sweet or rely too much on pastry flavor or a spice flavor. This was just right, not too sweet, creamy. I can't wait to go back again - and hopefully they will still have this dessert!
4	Come and enjoy your meal and your company.  What a nice relaxing place!  Cool table painted by local artists, that you can buy.  Some other art work and including some glass art that is chunks of broken glass & cut glass on salvaged windows.  The menu has some simple yet contemporary cuisine that has some whimsical creations. We sampled the Saute of Chicken Apple Sausage and were not disappointed.  Very good!.  The Scallops Beurre Noisette on farfalle pasta was very tasty and perfect cooked.  The meal came with some bread with an orange butter that was so tasty! Our waitress was friendly and helpful.  Our appetizer was brought out by someone else, who was not able to answer a question on the food and she did not try to find out.  We did ask our waitress later and received our answer.   This is the type of restaurant that you can relax enjoy your meal and not feel rushed.BYOB.
3	I thought it was just OK, not sure if it was the ambiance or what. My Cow Jumped Over The Moon was pretty good, but for some reason the place didn't strike me as somewhere I'd personally frequent. Worth giving a shot, for sure (and bring a bottle of wine)
5	My daughter and son-in-law always find the best little places to eat when I come to visit and this quirky little cafe is now at the top of my list. Had the half Cornish hen with grilled figs and tomatoes. It was perfection in every respect. I loved everything about this place.
2	Disappointed overall, this place isn't how I remembered it any longer. Server was combatitive and kind of snippy, and seemed offended that we dared ask about the grilled cheese specials (that were e-mailed to one of our party, who's on their mailing list) AND that I asked about the cannoli that I remembered from a couple years ago that, at the time was so awesome that I STILL remember it to this day. Food quality was okay but not enough to overcome the bad service or justify the prices. I talked this place up pretty big to someone who'd never been there and he seemed utterly confused (and irritated) after our meal. Don't think I'll be going back. Sad that my fond memories of this place are now just a thing of the past.
4	You get a distinct feeling when you walk into Kaleidoscope Cafe that its a very hip, artistic kind of place. It's a restaurant where I instantly felt comfortable. A small, cozy space without any pretense. Service was stellar throughout our entire evening on both food and BYOB. They kept refilling our glasses for us and anticipating the next cork to pop!Our group of 4 sampled starters of the gnocchi nirvana which is deep fried with chorizo and served with kafta, an Indian tomato cashew sauce and the duck cannelloni. The gnocchi was stellar with those little pillows of deliciousness so perfectly sauced. We'd read the reviews & knew they were a must have & boy were they ever! Thanks Yelpers!!!! The duck was pretty good too but we all focused on the gnocchi. I ordered the Kaleidoscope Salad with spinach, bacon, avocado, corn and cilantro citrus dressing. Very tasty! My entree was the Scallops Buerre Noisette with seared scallops, walnuts & tomatoes in a delightful brown butter sauce over farfalle pasta. The brown butter sauce was rich and nutty and pretty much perfect. The menu isn't large but still manages to cover a wide range of tastes. It's very obvious that everyone there truly cares about what they do and it's a fun, delicious and very cool place.
4	Our experience at a restaurant may have a lot to do with timing.  Go during slow hours, and you may be the only party there, as was the case when my brother and I went to Kaleidoscope Cafe.  Arrive on a busy weekend evening, and you're much more likely to find yourself waiting for a table with exasperated staff miserably milling about and food that tastes like it was thrown together in a hurry because it probably was.  Of course, that's just a general rule, and  something tells me that rule doesn't apply here.This was only my first time here, so I really couldn't say how things would be during busier times.  I will say, my overall experience seems consistent with the other positive reviews Kaleidoscope Cafe has garnered.With that being said, I have nothing but good things to say about this place and my experience there.  The menu was interesting, the food was good, the staff were all very welcoming, attentive, and affable.  There's a nice spectrum of prices.  Definitely keep in mind it's BYOB and that can certainly free up some money to spend on food, which is really nice.  It's casual, nothing fancy with an interesting mix of Yinzer along with that typical Lawrenceville hipster feel to it.  Whatever it is, the place definitely has its charm, and it's so close yet so far from the comparative hustle and bustle of Butler Street, which of course is a plus when it comes to parking. I guess what I'm saying is, this is a very cool little place.  Don't be afraid to give it a try.
4	Up until now, I had only tried the sandwich/burger selections at Kaleidoscope. Today, I had the Gnocchi Nirvana. Typical gnocchi dishes are heavy and can potentially stay with you for the rest of the day. Not the case with this dish. The Chef stopped by to ask how we were enjoying our lunch. When questioned about the gnocchi, he intimated that they make it fresh on site, and they deep fry it. The result is the lightest, airiest balls of pasta I have ever eaten. The kafta was a nice departure from the traditional tomato sauce and the chorizo brought the right touch of salty heat. Honestly though, the star of the dish were the gnocchi, which were so light they practically melted in your mouth like a pasta version of cotton candy.
3	I would have given this place 4 stars if it wasn't for the server who was either not very friendly or was having a bad day.  I will choose to believe it was the latter because I enjoyed my food, and have enjoyed this place the few times I've been here. When this place was River Moon Cafe they had an unbelievable Salmon linguine dish..BRING IT BACK!!!!!Anyways,  the Crab dip was chunky, and had corn which I though was a nice touch...very goodMy GF had the pork loin...being that pork is my favorite I tasted my fair share of her plate, and thought the pork was tender and not overly spiced, the squash and zucchini were deliciousI had the pan seared basa fish with steamed spinach and a white bean and lobster sauce on the side.  I really enjoyed the fish, the spinach was fairly good, but I didn't care for the sauce.I will return...hopefully to a more cheerful dining room.  The chef did come out to great the tables and that is always appreciated.
1	Terrible service!!! We didn't even have a chance to try the food because the ONE waitress that worked there got our drinks but never came back to take our food order. Another couple came in and sat down after us and she took their order before ours. This place is not even worth your time.
5	Fried gnocchi. FRIED GNOCCHI. This place is super cute and the food is amazing.Be careful though, because it's BYOB and you might drink a whole bottle of wine and some fruit punch vodka with sprite and then go to Alleghney Wine Mixer where you drink more wine ... Just sayin. The scallops are also awesome, but best of all was the honey butter! I want to eat it on everything!
3	I'm a little surprised by the high reviews on yelp.  We went for dinner and the place was pretty dead, except for a lively group of ladies, I can only assume were the Real Housewives of PGH.  They were fully taking advantage of the BYOB and had about 5 bottles of wine with them.Overall the food was pretty average.  The flavors are strong, but definitely on the heavy side.  The dishes were unique, but again the flavors were just really strong and not that complex.  The best dish we had was the grilled cheese.  We also ordered the Cow Jumped Over the Moon (don't order this if you like Gorgonzola) and the Gnocchi Nirvana (again heavy, and basically big blobs of gnocchi in pasta sauce, I'm more used to smaller chewy morsels vs these large tater tot looking pieces).Service and decor were great, but I don't think I will be back anytime soon.  Unless I get an invite to the Real Housewives of PGH, they seemed like a fun bunch.
5	Fantastic service, great atmosphere, delicious, creative, thoughtful food.  I loved everything about Kaleidoscope Cafe!!I went to Kaleidoscope with my book club of about 10 women.  The cafe has eclectic decor and not sure there is a sign outside, but the entire building is brightly colored like a kaleidoscope.  Parking is easy around this area of Lville, sort of back in the cut a little away from busy Butler St.  I ordered the Autumn Harvest Salad (very good, especially the crunchy soybeans) and the Gnocchi Nirvana (after reading so many rave reviews on Yelp!)  Well, Yelpers, you definitely did not let me down, the Gnocchi was outstanding.  The Indian-spiced sauce was very pleasant and not overwhelmingly flavored at all.  The gnocchi was so delicious that I quickly ate it all, so I'm not sure if I just woofed down my dinner or if the portion was a little small.  Probably a bit of both.  I could definitely have seen getting a bit more for the price.  For this reason I would recommend always getting a salad or app with your entree!  OR better yet, dessert.  Lucky me, I did both salad and dessert.  The poached pear dessert was just outstanding.  The flavors reminded me of Christmas, clovey, cinnamon, red wine, all with a glob of mascarpone quenelle, which basically reminded me of whipped cream cheese (only more delicious).  Surrounding the pretty burgundy pear and quenelle were several candied walnuts that brought a pleasing crunch to the dish.  All around the food was balanced, flavorful, and interesting.  I will definitely be going back, and Kaleidoscope Cafe may just be my new favorite place to Lville!  BYOB to boot!
3	Okay, but nothing spectacular.  Went for a late lunch on a Saturday, and the place was completely deserted (not at 3 p.m. or anything - this was at 1:30).  Just had a light lunch, and my girlfriend and I both opted for the Greek salad.  It was very good, but I can't really comment on the "real" food.  Service was friendly.  Biggest ding was the space - corners have been cut there, certainly not up to snuff for the price point they're at.  (Location's weird, too.)  I wouldn't avoid it for a second try, but I won't be seeking it out, either.
3	The restaurant's food has potential, but the atmosphere is pretty terrible. I "get" what they were going for, but it looks like a child was working on a craft and stopped halfway done. As well, if there is more than 5 people in the restaurant, the noise is deafening. Not particularly relaxing with a fancy meal. It was around 6 when we ate. I thought it was odd that they light candles when there is bright overhead lights and huge windows that let in tons of natural light.The soda was not mixed properly. The BYOB feature is nice, however.We got the crab dip for an appetizer. It was actually very delicious, lots of crab. Huge portion for the price. I got a small salad that was very tasty and my main course taught me that I hate polenta. My date's pasta was homemade and very hearty. The food is excellent, but I just can't justify the prices when the atmosphere is so lackluster.
4	I agree witht the below poster -- if you ignore the decor,  you will enjoy the experience and food.  My friend had the vegetarian past (I forget what it was called) and liked it.  I ordered the polenta and liked it.  As others have stated, the gnocchi was delightful.  We ordered two entrees and the small dish deal to receive a free bottle of red wine.  I love free alcohol. Recommended.
4	Great restaurant, very much off the beaten path. The food was excellent, the ambiance is very intimate and chill. Great date place or a night out with friends. The staff was great in recommending certain dishes and were very accommodating for those with dietary restrictions. Highly recommend Kaleidoscope!
4	the menu is small but a variety of options, prices are right and the ingredients are fresh. the coffee was good but I'd recommend they partner with a local roaster. aside from that the veg stack sandwich would have benefitted from a whole wheat kaiser roll
3	I went here with a group of 6.  The appetizers ordered were the fried gnocchi, duck cannoli and crab dip. One person also ordered the soup of the day. It was a good start. Everyone was happy with everything ordered. The wait staff was friendly and helpful, and it's byob...what's not to love about that??3 people ordered the filets and liked them. I had the pork tenderloin. It was good, the black beans were better. But then I found a hair in my food, which basically ruined it for me.  It wasn't long enough to be my own hair.  My boyfriend had the gnocchi nirvana. He said it was ok but not great. The other mean ordered was the Cornish game hen. Which he said was good and tasted like his mom used to make. Two people ordered dessert. I had a taste of one that had rosemary and lemon in it. It was delicious. I just don't remember the name.  Overall everything was ok. Not a bad experience but not a great one either.
5	I have wanted to try this place for quite some time now and have just not had the right opportunity. Last night, a guest from out of town and I decided that it was the night. Boy, was the wait vindicated!A humble, small place on a side street so that you'd never see it, Kaleidoscope cafe is small, intimate, and cozy. The art on the walls is appropriately modern, as is the dark blue color on the walls, and each table is hand-painted by a different artist and then lacquered. This makes you want to not only look at your table, but walk around the room and view the entire (small) place. There's even a little kaleidoscope on every table. Our server was friendly, had excellent suggestion, and was very accommodating of food allergies and substitutions. For a place that highlighted walnuts, I was able to get nearly anything I wanted nut-free. We started with a hot sausage and white bean soup, which was delicious! My friend ordered the salmon and risotto, and I went safe with the filet mignon and garlic mashed potatoes. He was blown away by the risotto and very pleased with the salmon; I couldn't believe the steak. It was the single finest-cooked piece of beef I've ever eaten, flavorful and buttery-tender. Desserts were both tasty and creative: a flourless chocolate torte for the safe-minded, and a rosemary shortbread with a lemon custard for something nicely off the beaten path.The chef made sure to come speak to us after the meal, and that added to the sense that these people really care about what they're doing. The restaurant was mildly on the pricy side, and the portions were not as large as I'd have liked - I left after eating soup, entree, and dessert, and was mildly full - but all in all, I don't think there's a restaurant in the city I'm more excited to try again. Bravo, Kaleidoscope!
4	If Pittsburgh is the next foodie city -- and the cuisine is beginning to catch up with the hype -- I hope more places are like Kaleidoscope Cafe (more so than Salt Of The Earth and the like) ... and here's why:You get all the adventurous food, layering of flavors, inventive combinations, fresh ingredients -- but for about 35% less our of your wallet (and about 25% more content on your plate).  Rather than detail everything we ate and what was great, good, or OK (and the food is solidly at about an 8 1/2 out of 10) here are the headlines:YOU ARE PAYING FOR GOOD FOOD COOKED CREATIVELY - INSTEAD OF A LIQUOR LICENSE (they are BYOB -- another savings passed on to you), RENT (the neighborhood Is in the very early stages of gentrification -- very early), or THE DECOR (it's not bad, but it's no post-modern art gallery).THE PORTIONS ARE MODERATE, THE FLAVORS ARE BIG.THE CHEF IS ACCESSIBLE AND CARES WHAT YOU THINK OF HIS FOOD (he came around to every table to chat, and for the one customer who had complaints, the chef was eager to do anything to make it right).WE ORDERED A BOWL OF SOUP (which was a true bowl, not a birdseed holder), TWO APPETIZERS, and TWO ENTREES -- ALL FOR $60.I not only hope this place makes it, but is a model for what is to come to Pittsburgh:  Creative, tasty, satisfying.
5	Had dinner here tonight for the first time because it was one of very few restaurants that seat after 9:30pm in Lawrenceville. The meal was excellent from start to finish.  We enjoyed a delicious chickpea curry cream of mushroom soup to start.  It was followed by yummy pita bread with cranberry orange butter, compliments of the chef.  I ordered the Gnocchi Nirvana which was a fusion Italian Indian dish.  Absolutely delicious and a welcome meal on a cold winter night.  My husband ordered the Cornish Hen which he enjoyed very much.  We finished with the flourless chocolate torte which was an amazing finish to a fantastic meal.  Can't wait to dine here again!!
4	Visiting the in-laws for the holidays. They tend to visit the same 3 restaurants over and over. I took it upon myself to find them something new. We had six people in our party ages 5 to 75 and there was something DELICIOUS for each of us. The service was great; the atmosphere was delightful and the food was outstanding. It seems to be in a more industrial part of town and I was really questioning my decision when we pulled up but don't let the neighborhood or the outside of the building fool you. Eat there!
4	I would have never found this place had I not gone looking for it, but it's definitely worth the 2 block trek off Butler St.  It's back in a residential area, and did not appear to have any parking of its own (always a problem in Lawrenceville), but I managed to find a street spot without a problem on a Saturday afternoon.The menu is an interesting mix of salads, pastas, sandwiches and main courses.  The pastas looked really interesting, but I opted for a fried gnocchi appetizer and a pulled duck (yes duck!) sandwich.  The gnocchis were very interesting - deep fried, so they were crispy on the outside, but almost like mashed potatoes in the middle.  They were not like the potato dough gnocchis I'm used to, but they were delicious.  The duck sandwich was excellent - rich and piled high with meaty duck in a lighter vinegar-based BBQ sauce.  It was a nice compliment that didn't completely overwhelm the flavor of the duck.I'm a lover of anyplace that's BYOB, as this place is.. I'll definitely be back for another go-around, next time with a bottle or two in tow.
5	Stopped in out of the blue on a Tuesday afternoon after seeing few friends had been there on Facebook. Very glad I did. The owner is super nice and knows food and combinations very well.  Had the duck cannoli that was a bit sweet but amazing and also ate the sausage dish which was very good as well. All together the food and company was great.
5	Great restaurant, quirky and artsy, but very approachable.  I had the sweet potato soup and farmers market salad with honey roasted beets.  Perfect portions with a homemade taste.  I would definitely go back!
3	Food was good but the decor was a little creepy.
5	www.bigtsreviews.com
5	My friends and I tried the Kaleidoscope Cafe this past weekend as our monthly supper club selection. It was my selection and I was nervous because our previous month's selection had luke warm reviews at best (terrible service, slow, mediocore food, etc.)When we first arrived, we were surprised to find the KC off the beaten path in a residential neighborhood. The outside of the building is very appealing and we found parking in the small lot beside the building.  First impressions of the dining room was that we expected more color. There were only 2 other tables and we had a 7:00 Saturday night reservation. Needless to say, we were nervous!We started our evening with a selection of small plates, deep fried gnochi, crab dip, and the duck cannoli. All were good but the stand out would have to be the duck cannoli!!! A balance of tender savory duck with the sweetness of white chocolate, cardamon, and pistachio dust. No words, just AMAZING! Our server was extremely knowledgeble and accommodating. 4 of my friends ordered the Cow jumped over the Blue Moon Pasta. One substituted chicken, 2 subtracted the onion confit, all with no problem what so ever. I ordered the Scallops Beurre Noisette and it was fabulous! Perfectly cooked scallops over farfalle with tomato, walnuts, and delicious brown butter. I loved every bite!To end the evening we tried the poached pear and flourless torte. Both tasty. The torte is very rich. I highly recommend sharing! (Might I add, every table was now full and the place was hopping!)To conclude, the Supper Club left very happy. Everyone tried something new and unique, loved something special, had attentive service, and spent a very reasonable amount of money ($160 for 6 diners including 3 apps, 6 dinners, and 2 deserts). The evening was a success and I look forward to returning and trying new items!
4	I was very glad that I brought my wife here for her birthday. The food, byob wine, and atmosphere made it a special occasion without breaking the bank. The food was excellent. My scallops were cooked perfectly and the beef my wife had on her pasta was so tender and tasty. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	Clever flavor combinations. Generously apportioned meat on the duck cannoli. Chef Dan is friendly and frequents the dining room to make sure everything is up to par. The flourless chocolate cake was moist and rich without being too decadent. Easy going atmosphere and worth wandering off from Butler St. BYOB. Don't miss this place.
5	The location of this restaurant always concerns me since it is off the beaten path of Butler Street in Lawrenceville, but it is well worth making that left or right turn for a truly great dining experience.  You can tell the intent of the restaurant by the care given to the design of the buildings exterior.  You can't help staring and comparing it to your childhgood experiences with a kaleidoscope.Once inside the atmosphere is pleasant and understated with a great fabric art piece expanding to all of the walls.The service was very good with attention paid to the menu and the servers descriptions of specials and items from the menu which were questioned.  The restaurant has a BYOB policy and were quick to arrive with stemware as well as ice filled wine buckets.I had the scallops with tomato and onion over farfalle in a browned butter sauce.  The Garden salad, medium sized, was more than adequate and extremely fresh. Water was constantly being filled and plates were removed in a timely manner and without interruption.  The desserts were extremely rich and coupled with a cup of their coffee, the taste lingered.We left very satisfied with promises to each other that we shall return!
5	I just went to Kaleidoscope Cafe for my anniversary dinner. We went on a Wednesday evening and we were the first ones in the restaurant, which was a bit unsettling. It didn't last long and I got over it quickly, however, and proceeded to have an outstanding evening.We started out with the Kaleidoscope Salad and Apple Chicken Sausage Saute. The salad was very good, the chicken sausage dish was definitely our favorite. It was a great blend of sweet brie and fruit with savory sausage, I highly recommend it as the appetizer. We also received complementary warm pita bread and pineapple/rum/brown sugar butter, which was tasty.We ordered the gnocchi and the salmon for our main courses, and both were excellent. The salmon was flavorful on a yummy risotto and the gnocchi was light and fluffy in a savory Indian sauce. We skipped dessert because we were pretty stuffed from all of the food and the bottle of wine we brought to share.Since Kaleidoscope is BYOB, our total bill was just over $60, which is a fantastic price for the quality and quantity of our respective meals. It is definitely worth the "off the beaten path" location to get this much flavor per dollar without sacrificing portion size or service.There is not much room and the interior decorations are not nearly as cool as the exterior, so make reservations and go with a bit of an open mind. But whatever you do, don't miss it!
4	Really enjoyed this place.  Went for lunch and did our normal sharing ordering.  Had and app of a pulled duck cannoli with a delicious sauce of white chocolate and pistachio.  It sounds weird but it was scrumptious.  Ordered a Kaleidoscope salad and build a burger.  For the burger we had brie, mushrooms and spinach.  It was juicy and delicious and had a toasted bun; served with fries.  Fries were awesome too.  The salad was spinach with corn and bacon and the dressing was very bright tasting.  Dessert was poached pear with fig reduction and candied walnuts.  I am not a pear fan, but this dessert was delicious.  I have been wanting to come here for some time and I am glad that I finally did.  The service was friendly, place was clean and food was spot on.  Oh,  and it is BYOB.  Will be back to taste more.
5	Pros:- Simple, delicious food - well prepared and attractively presented. Really, what more can you ask for?- Solid, reasonably sized menu. It's always a good thing when deciding what to get is such a challenge.- Prompt, attentive service that isn't overbearing. Shawn was the only server when we ate there, and he did an awesome job!- Careful attention is paid to food allergies and dietary restrictions.- Memorable decor but still has that Pittsburgh casual vibe!- The chef came to each table and asked how the experience was.Cons:- BYOB. I know this is a pro for some but not for me.  I'd love to know what a great job Kaleidoscope could do with drinks!- The joint is small.- Off the path a bit.- Parking is a little tricky.- Cash is preferred.Would return: YES.Would recommend: YES.
5	This place violates Lord Samuel's axiom (location, location, location), because you won't find it unless you're looking for it. It's worth seeking out, though. The food is simple, but very good. Lots of robust flavors. I only wish the salads came pre-dressed. Service was quite friendly. Ambiance is quiet, probably directly related to their way-off-Butler location. Prices are very reasonable. Highly recommended.
5	If you plan to go get some food in Lawrenceville at any other place besides Kaleidoscope, don't! Kaleidoscope is the place to go. It's hidden a few streets down from Butler and is such a gem. They offer generous portions for reasonable prices. The staff is welcoming and wonderful. Definitely one of my favorite places!
5	I've been here a half dozen times. The food is great and the people genuinely enjoy their jobs. Always a pleasure.
4	The menu is creative and familiar at the same time. We tried small plates as appetizers  The duck cannolli is amazing. Entrees were shared by all because each of us was impressed and wanted the others to try   We has a great evening.
5	I went here in 2011. This place is so good. I love the gnocchi and the cow jumped over the blue moon which is pasta with steak and gorgonzola sauce.
5	Wow, that curry polenta is quite a dish. As in, seriously go there as soon as you can and get it. It's one of the more creative and tastier dishes I've had in the past year. Just bring your wallet--it isn't cheap! The deep fried gnocchi was also good. The dessert (flourless chocolate cake) was quite tasty but it was also very small.
