2	The product is great but this kiosk isn't ran so well. I have an iPhone 5. The first time I went to purchase a screen protector at this kiosk I was told they were out of iPhone 5 protectors and they wouldn't have any for a few weeks. A few weeks turned into over a month but I finally got the protector and was happy. Around six months later my screen is in need of replacing and I go in on November 26th only to be told they are out and to check back after Christmas. Seriously?
1	When I purchased my iPhone 4 back in 2012, I came straight to this kiosk to have a full invisible shield case installed. I am happy to say I am still using the same phone, and there is not a single scratch on it. The invisible shield is a great product. The kiosk USED to have great service. You would drop your phone off, pick it up 20 minutes later, and maybe even leave a nice tip.  I've been faithfully coming back to this same location every 3-6 months for the past 4 years. After my last night's encounter, I will never return again.On Thurs 3/20/14 I showed up around 12-2pm to drop off my phone. I live in the southwest side of town, so going to the Galleria mall is not close by any means. The "manager" by the name of Jay is doing installations, and has a lady there sitting in the chair by the register. No biggie, I drop off my phone, and come back later to pick it up. Fantastic job on the installation as usual, was offered a receipt and declined. I always come back after Coachella to get it fully replaced anyway. However while I was out downtown Friday night, I pulled out my phone only to see the front skin was ripped off. I returned to the kiosk last night, then all hell broke loose.Now I am a reasonable man, I understand that most retailers can't do much without a receipt. To be honest, I wasn't expecting much. The same "manager" Jay was there, except this time he was by himself. I explained the situation, and showed him my phone. When he asked for a receipt, I told him I was never given one. He didn't believe me. The old computer couldn't find my debit card in the system either, however I brought up my bank statement with a clear charge from the kiosk. He thought I was lying about ever visiting that kiosk. He lied  about the girl from the day before, and was so rude that my girlfriend wanted to slap him stupid. At this point I did not want a free replacement, I just wanted acknowledgement that I was there. He refused every time. The situation was getting out of hand so I calmed everyone down, dropped off my phone to be replaced, and left.When I returned to pick up my phone, he seemed to go through some "change of heart". He contacted his manager Regan who happened to be listening to our conversation. All of a sudden, he realizes every point I made to him before was correct.  Hilarious. Now he tells me that he is doing a "courtesy free replacement" because his manager believes I was there as well, and they appreciate I didn't cause a scene. I take the replacement, asking for a receipt. Jay said I'm not being charged so there isn't one. Very hypocritical. Any case I won't need it because I won't be at that kiosk ever again.All the guy had to say from the beginning was "Yeah man I totally believe you were here, its just our company policy states without the receipt there's not much i can do." The situation would have never escalated to what it was. Guy needs a class in customer service 101. I will not recommend this place to anyone ever again.
