5	Unfortunately, one of our shocks broke, fortunately, we were in Boulder City and Big O was open on Sunday.They couldn't get the part and we really needed to get home, so they made it work! Like a boss!
5	I was impressed with there Management decisions to repair my car and get me a rental car. They went over my cost of repairs and what it would be after taxes. The store manager was very good with communicating with me. I needed to be on the road by 10:00 am the next morning. there staff had my car ready by 9:00 am, and arranged to pick me up after returning the rental car.
5	I love the preventive care analysis. It's pretty up front what you need to have done.They will try to sell you the services you need, but are not pushy. Nice honest hometown guys run this shop. Their knowledge is very good.I feel like I am getting great service.Just look for the huge USA flag.Shane & Menard, their the best!
1	I like promoting Boulder City businesses, but I'm going to have to recommend going to Ralph's instead because I don't think this business values every customers' time. I called ahead since I had an energetic toddler in tow and was told to allow 45 minutes for changing out the tires. Although I was helped fairly quickly, I was kept waiting almost two hours to complete the work with no updates. I could not see into the garage, but the guy who had come in from the garage to ask details about the tire installation came in to look for windshield wipers at one point (my blades were not being changed), and all of the customers who arrived after me for oil changes and other service had their jobs done before mine. As a result of their slow service, I had the pleasure of two hours in a waiting room with a toddler, I missed an appointment, and I had to hassle several people to get a child collected from school. I was offered a flatly delivered apology as I was paying my $800. I will not be back.
1	Unfortunately, my experience with Big O Tires (Boulder City) hasn't been very good. I have used them a couple of times in the last year, since they are within walking distance of where I live.  Each time, they want me to get an alignment and new tires. Well, I get the alignment but my tires are always shot within a few months (so I question-- are their alignments effective??). Anyway, on Maynard's recommendation, on April 5, 2014, I buy 3 new tires, yet another alignment and some filters. Then 4 - 5 days later, my tire indicator light comes on again, so I check the tire pressure, and sure enough, the rear passenger tire is losing air. I didn't see any noticeable gash or nail and I looked. I called Big O and brought the car in and was told that I had a big screw wedged into the side of the tire that had completely ruined it (yes, it was a brand new one). Craig offered me no discount and chided me about not buying road hazard several days before (Maynard had not mentioned a road hazard warranty to me, btw). I pointed out one of the many signs on the wall that said "buy 3 tires, get 1 free" but he said it was too late. He also wouldn't offer me ANY discount for installation or disposal fee or anything. I ended up spending $ 500 for 4 new tires, an alignment, some filters and had several hours of waiting, both on April 5 and again on April 14. Craig showed me the big screw (it was totally new, not a speck of rust on it) which was lodged on the inside of the tire (which is supposedly why it wasn't visible to me). So I assume it was just a huge coincidence that I ran over something days after buying the tires. Of course, I wonder if the "new tire" wasn't defective all along or if they left some kind of leak in the stem when they put it in. I just don't know...Anyway, this whole experience was BAD!  I will definitely NOT go back to them and just want to warn others in Boulder City to be leery of them.
3	Expect a high quality of work from the guys in the garage. The manager Craig, however, lacks costumer courtesy. He told me my car would be ready by a certain time and, after that time had passed, he failed to call and let me know it would be longer. Had it not been for me dropping in every so often, I would have been in the dark about my repairs for over 24 hours. If possible, ask for Maynard. Again, the work that was done to my car was good and prideful, but the costumer service I received from Craig was horrendous.
5	I highly recommend going to big o in boulder city for car care. They were very helpful, straightforward, and did not gouge me at all on prices. Maynard and Doug were very polite and did a great job. I will be going there for all my services.
1	I was very disappointed in the customer service we received at big O tires in Boulder city Nevada.  One gentleman sad on the phone while the other one just looked around trying to find something to do it seemed as if he was trying to avoid eye contact with us. My husband had to had approach him first to even be at knowledged. We requested an item that would be a special order, and were told that they did not have anyone to order today would not be able to order until Tuesday. No one requested our information or seemed concerned that we wanted to make a purchase so we left no purchase! We will not be back.
