5	I noticed this place when it opened about a month ago. It is very close to my home so I stopped in one night instead of making a trip to one of the bigger liquor stores in town. Their prices were very competitive for the size of their shop, and they had a great selection of craft beers considering the amount of space they had. I've been in here a number of times since and every person who works there has greeted me promptly and offered assistance. On Thanksgiving day I was surprised to see they were open, and one of the people working recommended a Riesling that my wife really enjoyed. I never would have stopped here if it wasn't so close to home, but I won't be making a trip to Lee's anytime soon thanks to this place. I'd much rather support a small business that has better customer service.
5	A local favorite spot for my Hubs and I. Great selection and price point. Cheers to "Mom and Pop" liquor, wine and cigar stores!
1	Nice store. Great cigar selection. BUT... I purchased several cigars a couple of weeks ago, put them in my Dunhill humidor for safe keeping. I lit one up the other night and it had a terrible burn. I took photos of it to take to the store, which I did this afternoon. I showed the man the pictures and his first words were "you don't know how to light a cigar". Now, I've been a cigar smoker for over 40  years, I know how to properly light a cigar. I asked him what he could do about it. His response was "I don't make the cigars". He repeated that statement a couple of times. I left and when I got home, I called. He had the same response. When I told him that for customer service, he was very poor and I would not be back. I suggested that he may have first apologized for the bad smoke and offer to replace it. He again stated he didn't make the cigar. I reminded him that I live very close and frequent the store often and had I had a positive experience, I would have told my friends about it. Now, I'm going to tell everyone what a lousy experience I had. He did offer to give me a cigar next time I'm in... Guess what? There won't be a next time.
5	Great selection of cigars an reasonably priced wines and liquor!  The owner was very kind an patient explaining to me (a novice) about choosing cigars.    Since my first visit, I've made this store my sole source for getting cigars for myself and gifts!  Highly recommended!
4	Impressive collection of wines, spirits and cigars. I loved how they had an army of Macallan Single Malts to choose from. (The 15 year old in particular is an infrequent sighting at least to me). We wandered in here after a meal next door, so this was more of a browsing visit. Still, it was fun to linger and consider and to keep fresh in mind for future visits. Plenty of wine choices, too. Some of the way upper-end, while some more down to earth. If money is no object, you will hardly feel the dent in your wallet should you let yourself go a bit wild here. Apparently, this is not unknown to have happened at Roy's. I do look forward to my next visit.
5	After a less than positive experience at Roy's, I received a call from Roy himself. We had a great conversation and as a result, I have returned again and again. Each visit has been fantastic! I have met new friends, shared stories and smoked great cigars. Roy has a wonderful selection of wine and beer. His selection of single malts is second to none. I urge you to visit Roy's and I assure you, it will be a new destination.
4	I was just playing around with my phone in the car, searching for new things on Yelp and noticed this pop up. The BF and I are alcohol and cigar people so we like to leave no stone unturned. Our goal is to visit every nook in this valley. This is a small, but friendly place. They have your usual suspects, but also a pretty decent mix of small batch and a few bottles here and there I haven't seen anywhere else which probably would make the trip worth it for someone who likes to collect like us. Prices are average enough, but maybe for some common stuff at retail or a dollar or two. It's a independent store, so if you're looking for rock bottom deals on common party drinks, this may not be the place. Do come to support your locals, if you live/are in the neighborhood. I didn't find anything I must have, so didn't buy any spirits today. We went inside the humidor and it was a tiny bit hot there which was a bit worrisome, but we found the cigars to be fine. A few things we haven't seen at other humidors, .or were long gone. I ended up getting a Chateau Fuente King T tube. It was maybe $2 more than I've seen online, but I'll take it since I haven't seen it around. The guy at the counter was nice enough. We were curious about their cigar ashtrays and he offered a discount if we take it, but we decided not to. Overall, decent neighborhood liquor store with a above average collection for a small place.
1	The prices were ridiculously marked up on the beer, wine, and liquor.
5	This place is a hidden gem tucked away next to Rachels kitchen and Mastrionni's on Hualapai. Not only is Roy an exceptional host to his customers, but his selection is to die for.  His wines range from basic to the small production varietals. Be sure to come by during a tasting for free samples.  His price point is spot on. Keep up the incredible customer service and knowledge, Roy!!!!
1	Bad selection, over priced and the owner is a racist, will never go near that store again!
5	This has to be one of the fanciest liquor store in town! These guys have some serious quality cigars! As for being racist, as the other person stated, I hardly feel that way! I'm Asian and both Roy and Charlie are overly kind to me.
5	Super convenient to my house. Walked in and the man working was very friendly. He talked a lot, but not in an annoying way. I asked if they sold fresh limes; they don't. Instead, the guy gave me a free frozen margarita mix that includes tequila. AKA an adult capri sun. This definitely made up for them not have fresh limes.
5	Glad I'm finely getting around to reviewing this spot! SUMMERLIN this is a great hidden Gem!! Roy has an eclectic selection of everything, and I do mean everything, from wine, to beer, 25 year old japanese scotch, white lighting, and even cigars!  He always has a smile on his face and is willing to help you find what you were or weren't looking for. To you cheap SOB'S out there this isn't  COSTCO / Total Wine or the internet. This is a man's store, a man who has to pay bills and raise a family just like you and me. You want the cheapest price then go to those places. Keep in mind though that most importantly is they don't have Roy at their stores, someone who knows what he's talking about and cares that you leave the store happy and with something your going to enjoy by yourself or with others.
