4	Nothing very adventurous on the menu but the food was solid. I enjoyed the wedge salad and pork tenderloin.
4	When it was called Gado Gado, I would drive by and think about stopping but not doing so.  What is a Gado and why are there two of them?  What kind of food would a Gado serve and would I like it?  Is it even a restaurant or is it some strange club where I would be abducted and turned into a Gado?? I drove by and saw it was Cafe 157 and stopped in for a drink.  I love re-purposed spaces and this is a restaurant inside of an old bank.  The drive thru stalls are now home to a killer patio and the former bank atmosphere leads to a semi-dimly lit restaurant.  For a not-so attractive guy like me, lower lighting works great (as does temporary blindness FYI).  At the bar, I met one of the owners and she told me that I was seriously over-thinking the Gado's.  In fact, they even reward their loyal customers with their names on the bar stools.  Yes, I like that!  The bar is positioned in a way as to not overwhelm the dining room and there's not a tv every foot as seems to be so popular in restaurants today (probably to distract from the mediocre food).  After a few tasty drinks, I decided to partake in desert which was a chocolate cake.  It was so good that I later convinced another patron to get it as well.  Gado, I mean Cafe 157 is definitely a place that look forward to returning and trying other items on their menu or just dropping by for a cocktail on the way home.
2	So I had such a great experience the first time, I decided it was time to head back to Cafe 157 for dinner.  Oh well :(To start, the service was REALLY slow.  I mean starting to wonder if the cook went home slow.  They weren't packed: 3 inside tables and a handful outside so I can't figure out why except they're short staffed.  The wait staff wasn't a help either with our drink glasses sitting empty until someone notice we were dying of thirst. The food wasn't great either.  I had the fish and chips which isn't a hard dish and considering it was $16, I figured it had to be good.  Strike 2: the batter was soft and they didn't put the fish over the chips so the batter got worse over time.  Finally, the check was stupid expensive for what we ordered - Strike 3.  During the time I was waiting for my food, it came to me that the problem with this place is that it doesn't know what it wants to be.  Everything it served up like you'd find in a white-linen restaurant  upscale restaurant (condiments served in small cups, expensive menu, upscale menu items).  But the music is a mix of loud rock hits (Sweet Child of Mine played at one point), the tables and booths are lower rent and the service is SLOW.  I really really really wanted to like this place after my first experience was so positive but unfortunately it was not to be.  The good news is that their patio is still awesome so maybe eat elsewhere and have drinks and deserts on the patio.
4	Went for lunch today. The atmosphere is very nice--refined but not stuffy. Service was friendly and attentive (but not too much). The restaurant was not very busy for lunch time, and my order was taken quickly. I ordered the cod sandwich. It was very tasty. The fish was flavorful, and the batter was crispy. Only downfall was that the server offered the choice of fries or salad with my sandwich. I opted for the salad. The salad was very good, but it appeared on my bill as a substitution with an added fee of $1.50. Not very happy about that. Otherwise, this place gets high marks from me.Walked by the patio. It looks like a very inviting, fun place to dine. Checked out the restroom (ladies'). It was one of the cleanest restrooms I've seen in a restaurant! That is always a good thing.
4	Charming atmosphere and beautifully decorated.  I love to stop by after work here to meet friends for a glass of wine and appetizer. Love the cozy little bar area.  The veggie flat bread pizza rocks!  The owners Dora & George are usually there and always make me feel welcome. Nice covered patio too.
3	I've been to this establishment a few times. As Gado-Gado, and now Cafe 157. The food is good, service friendly and pricing reasonable. Every time I have been here was for a group dinner. They have a nice space off the main dining area that accommodates large parties (25-30). Nice bar area upon entering and the restaurant is very open. Location in downtown Matthews makes for a convenient lunch/dinner spot.
4	I really like Cafe 157. Although the menu is not very adventurous, the food that is served is always very good. The Fried Pickles... To. Die. For. I usually have the salmon and the chef will always cook it Medium Rare for me. I love him for that! I will say, the Salmon entree used to come with a fried polenta cake but now it's served with just rice. Yawn. Being half Italian and half Sicilian, ( please understand I have to say I am half Sicilian or my Sicilian Mother will flip her lid), I need the fried polenta cake put back on the menu. It was DELISH!!!From the previous reviews, I know this place gets a bad wrap for slow service but I have never had a problem. Of course when we dine there, we are usually not in a hurry anyway. Our server last night was super attentive and very professional. He even was nice enough to move our party from outside to inside last night without hesitation. It seems the local bees wanted to join us for dinner and my children were not happy with the dinner crashers.Cafe 157 use to have Dinner and Wine pairing events but I haven't seen them advertised lately. These are/were great events. For X amount of dollars you get a 3-4 course meal and a different wine with every course. The chef comes out to explain the dish and the Sommelier explains his/her choice of wine paring. It's a fun event with no more than 20 people. You get to eat good food, drink good wines and meet some new people. What more can you ask for? I do hope they bring the event back. It was always a good time.
4	I was in Charlotte for the Democratic National Convention and was staying in Matthews. The hotel I was staying at recommended this place for my birthday and I was very pleased. The service was great. The server gave us some great recommendations and was very hospitable. Definitely lived up to my expectations of Southern Hospitality. The food was pretty good as well. The fried pickles were amazing. There had a light and extra crispy crust. I had the fried chicken, which was alright. Nothing spectacular, but well done. The folks I was with had their scallop special which was excellent. Possibly the best scallops I have ever had. The only complaint I have is that the beer menu is a little lacking but they did seem to have a good wine list. Also, the hostess was a little rude. I asked her to take a picture as it was my birthday, and she seemed really put out and snippy.This is a great local place that I recommend to those passing through and living in or around Charlotte.
4	Went there for Christmas dinner with our special needs son. The manager was cordial and engaging. Especially with our son. The food was excellent as was our server. The pork medallions with the onion reduction sauce was super. The mash potatoes were just average. My iced tea never went below half full before a refill. My son ate the fried chicken meal and completely cleaned his plate.  We both had the wedge salad. Remarkably like Outback Steakhouses' . An enjoyable evening for a Christmas away from home.
4	Delicious dinner this evening! Cafe 157 has a menu That will suit the taste of almost any customer and the prices are very reasonable.The staff is also very friendly, and tries to accommodate any request.   Have a wonderful dinner... Even considering they were slammed for restaurant week.  Will definitely come back again...
5	This little gem is absolutely fantastic. Been there five years and I didn't know about it? Food, service, is incredible. Prices well worth it for the quality and servings. We went late on a Friday and only two other couples there, guess the rush was earlier in the night because this place deserves the attention.  Would also say it makes a great date night but they have outdoor seating that would have me there for lunch too. We had Calamari and Zucchini Chips - I don't know if they offer a side of the Zucchini chips, but they should. Loved them! and Arancini Rice Balls were creamy and wonderfully cooked - perfect in fact and they are VERY hard to find down here (first I'd seen of them!). First entree we had the Rack of Lamb (Rare) 3 pieces, with perfectly seared Asparagus and a Mashed Potato Cake that was really very good. Served with Mint Jelly on the side of the plate. I don't like mashed potatoes, or potatoes overall only because you can only eat them so many ways. This? Definitely would order it as as side it was crispy on the outside and creamy goodness inside, perfectly seasoned. The Asparagus was crunchy, lightly seasoned, bright green. Again, they did a nice job with the dish!Second entree was Veal Piccata, AMAZING and I have to say my favorite! The Veal was tender, juicy, well cooked and I love capers. Served over a bed of linguine (one of my favorite cuts of pasta).  I can't comment on the drinks, they had a nice wine and martini list, but we stuck to water. At the end of the meal, we were STUFFED to say the least, but I couldn't leave without trying dessert. We shared the Vanilla bean Creme Brulee and as with everything else it was phenomenal! There were little pieces of Vanilla bean on the bottom, soooo good! They don't make all the desserts in house, but there are a few and this was one of them. Great job yet again. Overall - well worth the price, though the lamb I thought was expensive (I'd not pay that much again when there are other dishes like the veal that were head over heels). Might have made more sense to drop the price $7 -$10 but again = cooked perfectly!What was interesting was the twist of what we thought of as Asian with Mediterranean flair. I don't know what nationality the cook is, but I liked the presentation of the dishes and anyone that knows me knows I love Mediterranean/Tuscany style of cooking. Light, fresh, lemony, clean :)    The Staff was very attentive, Waiter was wonderful, the Hostess came over and talked to us a bit and a gentleman came over at the end of the night as well. Not sure if they were the owners but very congenial and funny! I would go again, but I think I'd like to try Lunch with my Kindle at one of the outdoor tables because Charlotte in March screams that lol! Enjoy!I edited my review to add that there are DEF Vegan Dishes on the menu, maybe not a ton but there is a Hummus dish as well as a Veggie platter and you can (I am sure of it) ask the Cook to ensure no cheese is added  or in it.
4	We had s very nice time at Cafe157!!The food and service were very good. We were happy to meet one of the owners and Dora was exceptionally friendly and gracious. We really felt at home. The atmosphere of a former bank turned into a great al fresco restaurant is comparable with any in Providence or Boston!!Looking forward to a return visit before we leave Matthews!!!
1	Terrible food and service. Down grade from bar food. Restaurant would not serve my wife an alcoholic beverage who is 30 and had 5 forms of ID because they said her license was not her.  Waitress had to come back three times for order and on top of this was a hair in my salad. Beware all and go to McDonald's instead.
5	I had a wonderful time last night during the Champagne tasting, the pairings were on awesome!  I am looking forward to the next tasting! Thank you!
1	Such a horrible experience...the food was horrible...the owner is a jerk...and the cops were even present when the owner started some sort of a scene outside. I would never return.
5	Been here a few times since moving to the area 9 months back and have never been disappointed.  Reasonable priced, well-crafted sandwiches for lunch and real yummy entrees for dinner.  The old bank-type building it inhabits provides a nice atmosphere and the service has been excellent.  I am not much of a foodie but my wife and sister are and they both love it too.
3	I tried this place for the first time during restaurant week and the overall experience was fine. I talked to Dora a couple times while making and confirming the reservation...she was super friendly and helpful! When I actually entered the restaurant, however, whoever greeted us probably shouldn't have been standing at the host stand. Our server was nice but seemed distracted. The food was fantastic...the salmon was cooked perfectly and the chocolate mousse cake was to die for!! I wanted to order 15 more pieces to take home!
3	3.7I came here for lunch last weekend and enjoyed it very much.The atmosphere is nice, clean and modern.  I almost felt a little under-dressed considering I was wearing running pants and a sweatshirt but oh well.  The servers were very friendly the lunch menu offered a good variety.I ordered a salad that had a thin-sliced of grilled chicken breast on top...it had goat cheese, cranberries, pecans, etc.  It was very just enough of everything and the dressing was a nice vinaigrette that added just enough flavor to the meal.I also tried the butternut squash soup and that was good.  It was everything it should have been, creamy, comforting, a little sweet but also savoring.  It was very good.The man ordered a burger that came with applewood smoked bacon and fries on the side.  The burgers are made to order and very fresh.  It was a good burger!  I was surprised but it was juicy and hearty.  Well done.My ONLY gripe is that I think they are a little overpriced...especially their lunch menu.  My salad ended up being nearly $13 and really there wasn't much to it.  We walked out of there spending what we normally would for dinner.  I think it is perfect for a nicer lunch with family or friends but to just stop in for a quick bite...you leave feeling a tad bit merked.  All in all I like this place.  Matthews isn't offering a whole lot these days so I am glad to have Cafe 157 as an option.
3	Went on Friday with my wife for lunch. She had the rueben sandwich and it was very good. I tried the cobb salad, and although it was pretty good, it was WAY overpriced. When I saw a $10 salad, I was expecting a pretty decent meal. I got a pretty expensive side salad instead. For that reason, they are chopped.
4	Cafe 157 is our favorite restaurant.  Always delicious.  Great outdoor seating   Their fish specials are better than Mitchell's or bonefish.
4	Had a nice meal here with my family.  It was very quiet, no smoking allowed outside, nicely lit outdoors, pleasant staff, nice all around atmosphere.  Pricey though, I had to stick with the burger and fries....Best damn burger I've ever had.
2	We tried this place for the first time Saturday night with some friends that had eaten there before. The interior has nice and quite because no one else was there. The waitress came and got our drink order and explained the specials. She mentioned a grouper plate with risotto that my wife thought she would like so she ordered it and I got a cobb salad. When the grouper arrived it looked nice but the potion of fish was about 3 1/2' square and I thought it was small but acceptable. When the bill arrived the "special " grouper was $35 which was more expensive than anything on the menu. I assumed  when they said special they meant it was a reduced priced option and not more the the Filet Mignon. I should have asked the price before ordering. This is a word to the wise if you want value for your dollar find another restaurant..
4	My family wanted to come here because it looked like a fun dining experience. My kids loved the guitar wall and they even got a picture holding one of the guitars which was really cool. The location of the restaurant was right in the heart of Matthews and it was an amazing sight at the night time. Obviously the prices were a little higher than your normal restaurant because it was in the city, but I was expecting that. The bar was great, and they had some special drinks based on the theme of the restaurant which was intriguing. The gift shop there was also fun and my kids each got a shirt. I didn't think the food would be as good as it was since it was such a big place and is a chain of some sort, but I was completely wrong. I plan on going back next time I go to the city.
5	What a wonderful place we just discovered for lunch. Excellent food and staff. We will positively be back here again.
3	Foods was okay.  The service was great.  I am guessing the regulars don't come here for the food but for the charismatic staff.  I had a fish fish with aromatic base sauce which was tasty enough and my husbands chicken which of course I sampled was tasty too.  But I will totally be back for the lovely service.  Everyone was super friendly and in an area with a few dining options, not many, 157 will do well because of the service.  The wine selection is pretty good too.  The decor of the restaurant is a bit dated, not at all trendy but that's okay. Why put money into the building when you have an amazing team.  Give them all a raise!
5	This place is great! Great service and food, plus the owners were very warm and inviting. Started with Calamari and the arancini bites, both were incredible. Arancini bites are hard to find around here, so I'd definitely reccomend those. I had the scallop special with rissoto and my husband had the pork tenderloin medallions. I HIGHLY reccomend both. Can't wait to go back!
5	I had the lunch salad special  with salmon patties and it was outstanding.  I wish it was on the regular menu.Nice place, good food, friendly service,  easy parking.
