4	I grew up playing Maryvale, from when I was 5 I took John Martin's Summer Swing School. It would be all day on the golf course, kind of a summer camp kinda deal. I probably have played here 200+ times over the past 20 years. There have been a lot of changes both for the good and the bad.This is a classic William Bell design, with elevated tees and greens, mostly bunkered in the front. It's compact in design and everything flows together well, and there are some great risk reward opportunities. Some of the standout holes are:#3, a great 420yd par 4 dogleg right. It is really tempting to try to cut the corner, and if you hit a right side drive high enough, you can carry the mounds and trees and leave yourself a short wedge in. Hit in the trees and its an easy bogey.#5 is a very tempting driving hole. at 302 yards one can put the ball on the green if you hit even a somewhat long ball. If you miss either way, you'll have a tough time saving par. I've probably had less pars here than any other hole on the course, its always birdie or bogey.#13 is very much the same situation as 5, but you have a huge bunker in front of the green. Again, a big shot off the tee can put you in a great birdie position, or a nice cut will put you on the green, but bogie is easy. The place is never in good shape, but the course is fun, it's cheap, and appropriate for the advanced player or a beginner. The course is as tough or as easy as you want it to be. My days of shooting consistent low 70's are over here, but I still have fun.
3	I played my first (and probably last) game of golf in life and in Phoenix at this course. The older man at the "club house" gave my friends and I a free club rental and let us borrow golf donated golf balls. All we had to pay was about $25 for the green fees. After a quick warning to "leave before it gets dark," we were off to the links.Maryvale was a perfect course for my friends and I to take about 10-12 shots per hole. Given that the course has seen better days and is pretty ragged, fellow golfers were understanding when we took a long time on various holes. One group even volunteered to skip the hole we were struggling on (cough, cough....second hole) and just move forward to the third hole.If I am ever in the mood to "golf around" in the future, I will consider the Maryvale Golf Course.
3	It seems like this is one of the best municipal courses around but I have a feeling the friend system is in full effect. Sometimes we go when the weather is nice and hang out around the pro shop until something opens up and men who don't have tee times talk their way ahead of us. I consider that poor in the service department but they course is long and easy and great for quick play. You don't have to be a seasoned vet to walk on this course but can enjoy it as one.
