5	Excellent repair service. Turn around time less than a week. We received the mower back in much better condition than when we dropped it off. Detailed receipt with documentation of all services complete on the mower. Excellent!!
1	I don't like giving negative reviews but this is officially going to be my first negative review so that should tell you about my experience with this business.  Backstory: purchased a unit online, received it via mail, and a part had been damaged during shipping.  I called the company I purchased the unit from and they gave me two companies (including Phil's Lawnmower Repair) to go to who are licensed dealers for the part I was looking for.    I called Phil's to see if they could help me to get a replacement part (and I like supporting local business).  I explained that I had been given their contact info specifically  by the company I had purchased the unit from because they were a licensed dealer for the part I was looking for.  She proceeded make it clear that she did not want my business (I'm assuming because they don't like warranty work) and said, "typically when I get something damaged I would send it back to the company I purchased it from (in a noticeably condescending tone)".   She told me they would have to order the part and that it would take just as long as sending it back and having them deliver me another unit.  So I repeated once again that I had been given their information by the company I purchased it from because they said it would be FASTER to have them order it and fix it.  Again, she recommended I send it back.  I thanked her for her "help". I called the other local dealer 6 miles away who were far more helpful.  I brought it to them within an hour of calling and they said they would order the part and have it ready in 3 days.  I don't know about you but I've never returned an item to an out-of-state location via standard mail and received a new one in the mail within 3 days.  The woman at Phil's either didn't know what she was talking about or did not want my business.  Either way, in an economy like this you can not afford that kind of customer service.  I understand that warranty work may not pay as much but if you have great customer service you will get return business from it that will pay you more.  Do yourself a favor and go someplace else.
2	After mowing over an orange and having my mower chug to an unceremonious stop, I called Phil's. I had heard that there was a great lawnmower place on McClintock. I guess this is where they meant. The woman who answered the phone was really awful. I asked her how much it would be to find out what was wrong with my mower and she asked me how she would know. So, I tried again explaining about the orange and it stopping. She then informed me that she ran over oranges all the time and it never stopped her mower. While that info was extremely helpful, I still had no idea whether it would be worth it to bring my lawnmower in, so I asked her if I should. She said it would be $120-$150 for a tune-up, but still nothing about how much to just figure out what is wrong...I finally asked her about bringing it in, she said she'd be there until later that day. I wasn't going to be able to head down that day so asked when was good to come by, she said any time but lunch hour. Lunch hour fluctuated each day though...so I asked if I should call first. Finally she straight up said yes! I found another guy on the webs that does tune ups for $40 and said it was free to figure out if that was what it needed. I am thinking I'll go there...
2	well, i should have read the reviews. yes, my mower is clean and it looks new after picking it up from Phils. all i needed was a tune-up because, yes, i am too busy to spend a day cleaning the carb, changing the oil, and sharpening the blades. my father does it, but he's retired and has plenty of time. my push mower runs fine. as a matter of fact, it ran perfectly. but after 3 years of not caring for it, i took it in for a tune-up. the price is fine....much like an automotive shop, they charge for parts and labor. i assume they cleaned her up and sharpened the blades...i haven't used it yet. but what i have issue with is what William C did...i don't know if it's Phil's wife, but she is possibly one of the most "glass is half-empty" women i have ever dealt with. on the invoice was clearly written "use new gas", to which i replied 'there wasn't anything wrong with the mower, i just needed it tuned up". again, she says "well, if you want to just keep bringing it in here, you need to do what phil says. he takes his to the gas station and fills it up and then if he has any left over, he runs it till it's empty". that is the most ridiculous farming advice i have ever heard. i worked on a farm....for 8 years....with hundreds of lawn mowers and no one EVER did that. what home owner is going to take their lawn mower to the gas station every saturday before they mow their grass, fill it up, then run it till it's empty?anyway, then she saw my credit card which was a Southwest Credit Card. she then asked if i worked for SW and i said no. she then proceeds to go on a 5 minute tirade against SW credit cards which i could give 2 poops about. i finally had to cut her off by saying " i LOOOOVE my SW card. i fly for free 3 times a year". it wasn't necessarily the content of what she said, but her manner. very aggressive, very defensive...like my old redneck aunt from the backwoods of Cairo, Georgia. anyway, the bill was higher than i expected but that was fine. i appreciate customer service, and this place lacks it tremendously.
5	Outstanding!  This place is the absolute best!  Everyone there is polite, professional, and the nicest people you will ever meet.  My mower repair was quick and top-notch!  I didn't even recognize my own lawnmower when I picked it up it was so clean.  Highly recommended!
