5	It is true! This restaurant is created and operated by the UNLV students. I have been here a few times this past spring of 2012. I was a bit nervous to try it out since I wasn't too sure how it would turn out. I was completely blown away by the different set ups the three times I came. One night they had a New England theme and the chowder was amazing! Crowd wasn't too busy, bar was partially full.  Another night was I think a Hawaiin theme where they had a BBQ mix plate, very cheap for great quality. The wings, fries and lobster roll is very good. Probably the best garlic fries I've had. (next to the ones from a ball park) Again, not too crowded but the bar was completely full.Lastly on their Japanese/Korean? night, they had a caramelized pork belly and pickled cucumber, and a Japanese pancake but I can never pronounce it.. I kid you not, it was the best thing I tasted! I only ordered it because every single tabled had an order. I wanted to get it to go but they completely sold out. This was the busiest I've seen them. Their set up was outside the hall, in the patio and dining room. Service was a but hectic but I could tell they didn't expect all the people at once. I always keep in mind they're students still learning too. I will definitely return and recommend anyone to come here for great foods and drinks for cheap prices. I met the chef instructor here and he's great at what he does. Hurry and open!
4	I knew there was a place on campus to grab dinner that's not fast food.My roommate took me here to try their St Patty's day Menu.  Very simple and classy.  I noticed outdoor seating and a fine bar area.  Place is not very furnished, but I was fine with it because of the price.All of the servers were nice and friendly.  They go beyond and tend to everyone instead of the one server per table type.  My water glass was never empty.  We noticed some dishes coming from the kitchen and was curious about the Spicy Shrimp Rice.  Solid, plenty of shrimp and sauce tasty.  It all meshed well with the rice.  I went for the beastro burger.  I could not resist the two 6oz patties with dijon sauce with gouda cheese.  Just as expected, satisfied.  Huge burger with so much cheese.  Served with a half slice pickle next to it.  Fries were very well fried.  Not your typical BK or McDonalds style.  Now that I know of this place, I will def make my way back more often to try their menu.
4	I went to Stan Fulton Bistro with a party of 10 on St. Patty's weekend.  I had never even heard of the place until my friends son invited us.  Wow, was I impressed!  Seriously, some of the restaurants in town should visit this bistro to get an idea of how service should be.  The service was excellent, better than most restaurants I've been too, including high priced, fine dining establishments.  They were very attentive and I just can't say enough how great the service was.The interior was hip and trendy.  I couldn't believe it was part of UNLV.  The design was hotter than most local restaurants in the area!We ordered a lot of dishes and passed them around so we could taste a variety of menu items.  The food was very good and the prices were great.  My favorite was the spicy shrimp, lobster roll (needed more meat but for the price, it was good) and corned beef and cabbage, pan seared steak (great quality and cooked perfect)!Oh and the crab cake was great - mainly crab with very little filler!We will definitely go again!  Oh and by the way - we had some specialty drink for St. Patty's day from the bar.  I think it had coconut rum and midori and some other things in it...not sure what was in it but it was delish!
