3	Another sell-out Mexican restaurant chain, but they do have one thing going for them....the fresh tortillas that are made while you watch and served in a basket with butter.  I could live on them.  Food is always as expected....large portions and not too spicy.  I once found a hair in my meal...yick....but I still eat there, so i guess it didn't kill me!  Watch out for screaming children...this is a big family place.
1	Why do people go here? I found the food to be I-can't-eat-this gross quality, and I'm no Mexican food snob. They cover almost everything in different "sauces" that taste like organic matter mixed with left-over Campbell's soup. The meat was dry. Fried things were soggy, and the only thing that tasted like something edible was my taco which was, of course, cold.To top it off, our waitress was really...unusual. First, she bordered on flat-out rude as we tried to pick out a beer. By the end of the meal, she wanted to talk -- she spontaneously shared that she likes to eat a big combination platter after puking following a night out drinking. (Not something you want to head after trying to choke down some of that same combo platter.) Then she told us how she ate a 3 pound burrito on a bet.Bizarre.But, obviously, I am wrong. Because people seem to love this place and they vote it the best and they clean their enormous plates. I feel icky right now and am never going back.
3	Okay, nothing wrong with half priced margaritas every Thursday night.  2 34 oz Mug-o-ritas (pretty clever eh?) for a little over $10--WOW!  This usually starts off Thirsty Thursday just right.  I have nothing to say about the food other than that they serve free nachos during Happy Hour.
3	The food is nothing special and is way too expensive for being that lackluster.Tuesday and Thursday nights are what redeems Pedro's!  The special at the bar is 1/2-priced margaritas of any size.  The best value is the 1/2-priced MUG-o-rita, which is very, very large.  It's in an over-sized beer stein.  Back in my heavy drinking days, two of these would have me out cold.  They're delicious, but treacherous.  Also, they come in many tasty flavors, such as cranberry.  $4 for a bigass margarita?  Count me in.It's even better if you get there for Happy Hour (which I think ends at 6 or 7).  Still the same drink special, PLUS free chip, salsa, rice & bean bar!  That really helps cut the margarita's potency, too.  The crowd gets huge, rowdy and douchey by 9 or 10 on Thursdays.  Karaoke used to be fun, but now that Pedro's management won't let you a) swear, or b) sing any variety of "hip-hop" song, it's lame and not worth doing or listening to.
4	Their lunch specials are always quick and delicious. Reasonable price for lunch and you can get your appetitie going with chips and salsa.
2	In my mind, there is one reason to not instantly veto any trip to Pedro's: the free fresh tortillas for the table.There's not really a reason to go to Pedro's, but I'm actually confident in my ability to find something edible on the menu now after a recent trip. I had a burrito (uuuh...top right column) that was reasonably decent (surprisingly so, actually) keeping in mind my rock bottom expectations.
2	I have been going to Pedro's for  more or less ten years. I would come visit friends in the Madison area every year when I was living in Pennsylvania during high school, and a trip to Pedro's was always on the list - my friends were obsessed.Pedro's isn't authentic Mexican fare, and I don't think anyone pretends it is. It used to be an affordable, tasty, Americanized Mexican restaurant with half-priced margaritas on T/Th, good chips and salsa, and delicious made-fresh tortillas (literally - they have a tortilla press in the dining room and they crank them out and bring them to your table while you're deciding what to order). I was a big fan of Pedro's until the last year or so. They raised their prices while lowering their quality. The last time I was there, I got a shredded beef chimi with beans and rice. In former years, I could make 2-3 servings from the chimi and finish my sides at the restaurant if I was willing to eat to the point of discomfort (which I sometimes was, because it used to be good). This last time, there was about 1/3 of the amount of beans and rice that they used to serve, and the chimi was about half as big. Also, almost half of my filling for the chimichanga was two large chunks of unrendered fat. Gross. Gross gross gross. I don't know how the cooks could have missed it - it wasn't like a small little chunk a la pork 'n beans that got buried under the meat - it was meat on one side, fat on the other. Barf.The food has been sub-par my last couple of visits as well. I won't totally write it off, as the margarita deal is a really good one, and the tortillas are delicious, so I'll just suggest it as a drink & snack stop, especially in the warmer months when you can sit on the patio.
1	This was voted best mexican in Madison?  Sad, that says quite a bit.  Chips were gross, salsa so wrong and the main course even worse.No thanks.  I guess I won't be having Mexican in Madison.
3	Yummy Chips and Salsa! If your up for something new try a MALIBU MELON MARGARITA, only made at Pedro's, It's delicious!
1	Pedro, if I could give you negative stars I would. Steven L from MA, said it all. This is rated as Best of Madison?? It shows what is going on in Madison and how very little the people of Madison know about food or quality thereof.This place is disgusting! The food is abhorrent. A black bean and cheese burrito with no cheese?? The black beans tasted like they came out of a can of Bush's baked beans. Pedro, you owe me $20.00 back. Seriously. A wet steak burrito that had NOTHING but six strips of steak and a lot of horrible sauce inside a tortilla shell? Are you kidding me? I can get more authentic Mexican from Old El Paso.Just avoid this place at all costs. There is nothing good about Pedro's, there is nothing Mexican about Pedro's.
5	Pedro's is in the neighborhood so we go here quite often. The food is great, but could benefit from adding some low-cal, heart-healthy and vegetarian dishes. It's quite noisy between the music, the kids and the patrons. I usually wear ear plugs. The wait staff is efficient and very friendly as is the management. It's almost always busy and there are quite often coupons available if you keep your eye out for them. Bring a sweater and knee socks in case you get a booth by the window. As far as an 'authentic' Mexican experience, I suggest you got to Rick Bayless' Frontera Grill in Chicago. Pedro's is about food and friends and fun. I have never seen anything dirty here and have never sent anything back. They have a busy fish fry on Fridays and it's all fried. Baked fish is available. The margaritas taste great. I used to live in Texas and there is nothing sub-standard about Pedro's food. You can make a meal out of the 'Table-side Guacamole'. They have a separate bar, TV room and patio. Basic nachos are available in the bar for most happy hours (?) and drink specials are available if you go on those days. They have half-priced appetizers in the bar but you'll have to call to find out when. We almost always eat in the restaurant. Great place to meet up with friends from work. Never had to wait too long for a table.
3	The atmosphere isn't very good. The restaurant is old and dirty looking, definitely needs some updates. That said, I've always found the food to be surprisingly good and very reasonably priced. If you're looking for a posh environment with flawless authentic Mexican food, skip this place. If you want good food, a big ass Margarita, don't want to spend a lot of money and aren't picky about your surroundings, then I would recommend checking it out.
1	We had a very disapointing and somewhat disturbing eating experience at Pedro's this week.  The chips were stale, the waitstaff was unable to get any of our order right, and the food we were served was terrible and overpriced.  Literally the sour cream was frozen...who freezes sour cream?!
1	Nothing authentic about this place. Horchata was horrible, they are better off buying the pre-made stuff.
1	Cripes, do I even have to give one star? Pedro's is about as Mexican as I am. Bland food and flavorless sauces abound. I feel you could order anything on the menu and wind up tasting the same food. Everything was just bland and limp. This is the worst kind of faux-Mexican food the world has to offer. TL;DR: Bleh.
4	The 3lb pound mucho matadore burrito is a legit contender for anyone with an abnormal appetite or just really loves their burritos like me. I got this thing on a Thursday night which is also half price Margarita night and yet around 545 the place was not really all that busy. I ordered and was served within 10 minutes. For 11 bucks this thing is a steal as it could feed 2 full grown men easy. I however have an inferno like metabolism with nothing normal about it so lets move on. This thing has everything inside it. Choice of pork, steak, beef or chicken (I got chicken) corn, black beans, lettuce, cheese, rice, bit of sour creme and then topped with mole sauce and sprinkled with cheese. The smell and the taste were genuine and delicious! Scary part is that despite "pacing myself" I still finished solo in under 12 minutes and felt pretty content afterwords.
1	We went to Pedro's tonight for dinner.  We haven't been there in a couple of years, after having a mediocre dinner last time.  We thought we would give it another try.  BIG BIG BIG Mistake.The place is filthy.  The entrance is a mess with cigarette butts all over.  The booths are appalling with the fabric frayed to the point that the foam rubber is showing.  There is dirt on every surface.The food was awful.  The chips were very salty and the salsa is bland and uninspired.The enchiladas (chicken) had little chicken.  The waiter brought my dinner and a lemon on the platter fell onto the table as he was delivering it.  Instead of taking it and getting another HE PICKED IT UP off of the table and placed it in the middle of my plate.The restaurant will close sometime soon---no question about it.   There is so much deferred maintenance, the place is filthy, the food disgusting and the wait staff and management a group of amateurs who have no vested interest in providing good service.I remember the Pedro's of years ago and it bares no resemblance to the disgusting restaurant it has becomeIf the cleanliness of the public spaces is any indicator I would hate to see what the kitchen looks like. I hope the health department makes a surprise visit sometime soon.AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
1	Not a fan... You can get significantly better Mexican food elsewhere. I'm not exactly sure how to describe it. It's not the "Americanized" Mexican, nor is it the Mexican Mexican. It doesn't taste right, let alone taste okay. I think the biggest turnoff is how dirty and unsanitary this place is. Seats and tables are sticky. I wouldn't recommend stopping by here. There are so many other better options. Go to Taco Bell or the mall next door.
4	I miss this place. The east side is not as good as this location was. I hope they bring it back. A waitress said that the guy who owned this location is looking for a new place, but no idea when he'll buy one. They had a really bad manager back in '11, but I think they got rid of him. The fresh tortillas were the best, and often the whole reason I came here. The other food is pretty good depending on what you get. The pork tamales were always good though. I love the margarita specials on Tuesday.
