4	Randomest place ever!  american dishes and chinese on the same menu?I go here every time im in vegas and have never been here sober (which may explain the 4 stars)  I always get the 3.99 steak and eggs.  Amazing value!  a few of the servers seem to remember a whole tables orders w/o writting anything down.  Great value, good late night food.
4	Decent late night shop right in the Barbary Coast.  Coffee was strong, sandwiches and wraps were filling, and the service was good.  They'll even bring in a cocktail waitress so you can keep your buzz going while you fill up!
3	late night/early morning in vegas, and you're hungry?!?! well, no problemo, the victorian room to the rescue!and let me tell you, i never knew the name of the place until now, trying to look it up to review it. i just knew it as (drunken speak) "the place at the barbary coast... you know across the street from bally's. the steak n eggs joint!" yeah, it's now called bill's, but it will forever be known as the barbary coast to me.get one of their breakfast specials, and you'll be sure to be satisfied. kinda like eating at denny's late night/early morning, but with a vegas touch! yeah, it's an old run down place, but that's a part of the ambiance, deal with it.05.12.2008 update:minus one star. the new owner of the joint, bill, raised the prices and took away all the good specials. lame!
4	For 3 am, this place is pretty busy. We had to wait 15 minutes just to get seated. Once inside, the place has the vibe of Denny's. Waiters and Waitresses that are punching the clock and mildly pleasant. A variety of twenty something at different levels of intoxication. And slots ringing just outside the front of the restaurant. I went there for the prime rib; and as I remember it, it was pretty good for the price. Take a look at the picture for a close up.
3	3.5 starsI love that description from another Yelper: "it's like Denny's" Yea, I guess it is except for the flash red upholstered booths. I even ordered a skillet like the ones they do at Denny's - it was a late lunch at 3pm when I was craving eggs. I added some sausage just to spice it up a bit!The waitress was a little less than keen on serving. She kept me waiting, then spilt water on my phone and generally just annoyed me. I may be expecting too much, but the place was pretty empty so it's not like she was crazy busy.May be the fun is being drunk and coming her early in the morning. Anyway, the food was fine, and as usual the portions deceptively large (you try eating potato, sausage, egg and toast...no matter how much tomato sauce or tabasco you add your belly will give up!) I washed down my skillet with hot tea all for $15 incl tip (she didn't deserve the 17% I gave her hahaha!)Oh, and if you're thinking of coming here for Chinese food - it's like Panda Express' menu, rather than some authentic joint in San Gabriel, CA, but if you want Kung Pao chicken, this place probably knows it's Kung Pao as much as any other Americanized restaurant.
3	This is one of the joints that I have to hit up whenever I'm in Vegas, and it's usually after a long night of either drinking, dancing, or both. If I'm not mistaken, I think their prices have gone up a couple of dollars. Their deal for steak & eggs used to be a lot better a few years ago! Oh well, I can't complain because it's still darn cheap. The place is always bustling after hours with the night owls. On our way out the other night, we saw the hostess dealing with a bunch of belligerent, inebriated fools. What else would you expect at 3am?
3	This place was surprisingly okay...  My boyfriend wanted a prime rib special before we left back for home and we saw this as we were driving on the strip.  He had the prime rib special which he said was pretty good, and was pretty full after eating.  With all the extras it came with: soup or salad, bread, and the meat with your choice of potato style, he left pretty full.  I on the other hand had the Patty Melt, with was pretty good as well.  We really wanted to go downtown to have the $7.95 prime rib special but this was good enough.  Check it out, if you get the chance...
2	This is definitely an interesting combination of one restaurant. Half the menu is your typical traditional American food, and the other half is Chinese/Asian food. Both weren't too appealing except for the huge sign of NY Steak for $14.95. I'm not sure if this is the place, but I can someone tell me where to find those very late night cheap steaks under $10!? Anyways a long time clubbing at Tao, tired feet, back, and all...I wanted to get my fill of steak before I left Sin City. I came here hungry and tired. Took us about 10 minutes to get seated even though the restaurant was half empty. So I ordered the steak. Service was okay. They brought in bread. WARM bread...bonus points! The rest of the food, the soup was kind of like it came out of a can. (If you look at my picture) the baked potato looked nuked...not very appealing or good. Now the steak, the quality of the NY steak resembled that of Denny's maybe slightly better because it was a NY steak. Cooked okay. It didn't hit the spot =/
3	This place serves wholesome breakfast foods but also Chinese foods...?? Kinda interesting. I didn't want to man-up and try the Chinese food so I stuck w/ the breakfast. I got their hash and scrambled eggs and it was pretty tasty. Didn't finish the whole thing because after having mixed up the eggs and has with ketchup, it looked mildly unappetizing. Oops? It was good nonetheless. 3 stars for decent food, a 15 minute wait, and mediocre service.
3	decent food at a decent price.Think Denny's and then add a Chinese menu to it...that's what the Victorian room entails.
3	So, I didn't actually eat here, but at around 3AM, a bunch of my friends were hungry and we happened to stumble upon the Victorian Room. The inside looks exactly like it's name - an old victorian room. we waited about 10 minutes and got seated. the hostess here was pretty entertaining - old lady with big grey hair, who flipped out when some of our friends came in to visit us. She was like, "no! you guys cant sit there, you only said 8 people". and they had to explain to her that they were just visiting us.Anyhow.. not so great service, and the food is just like tony v. mentioned. denny's food, with a section of Chinese food. not sure why, but seems like every cafe in vegas has an extra chinese section. but the food didn't look too bad, just regular old late night diner stuff.
3	The Victorian Room has comfort food.  They have burgers and salads and sandwiches and a few other comforting things.  We had a comped lunch here, which was decent and edible but not that great.  I wanted a salad and I jazzed up my order to a taco salad and it was not really a great one.  My friend had the ever-so-comforting fish and chips which were good, and the fries were very good.  I never had to ask for a drink or water refill and our server was friendly.   The food came out very quickly.  The hostess was nice, too, and it was very simple to use my Bill's players' club comps here.  I would return here but I might not seek it out unless I really wanted comfort food or if I was nearby drinking and needed some food in a low-maintenance setting.
4	This reveiw is just for the one item on the menu that I always order. If you're having that late night munchies after clubbing...try THE REUBEN.  Its a corned beef sandwich with saurkraut (sp?) and swiss cheese. But what tops this sandwich off is a sunny side up egg. It was an intoxicated discovery...hahah. Oh and also...we discovered to order the eggs over medium or over hard to prevent  excessive dripping. This place used to be known for their 5.99 steak and eggs special (which they got rid of wahhh).  Overall food is decent and priced ok.
3	After a party at Tryst (which was wholesome and non-scandalous, obviously), a group of us cabbed to the Victorian Room, in the Barbary Coast Casino. It wasn't far, but at that point, no one wanted to walk. (Somehow, some of our fellow clubbers DID walk to the Victorian.)It was around new years, and there were so many rambunctious (but essentially docile) folks in the dining room that it was kind of funny. (Nice to know we weren't the only raiding party around.) Service was as fine as far as I could tell, seating us quickly and taking our orders. We ordered random combinations of toast, pancakes, eggs, omelettes, and steak - oh, the delicious steak special! - that I stopped keeping track.For satisfyingly cheap and filling late night drunk food (I'd verify if the breakfast specials are still there), you can't beat the breakfast plates at the Victorian Room.
4	So it was like 3 in the morning and we were starving and so we hit the strip and came across the sign, "Prime Rib dinner or Steak dinner for $10.99" and underneath the sign was Las Vegas Police arresting a guy for God knows what, (maybe weed or the notorious underage drinker).  We head inside, the casino floor was roaring with peoples playing craps, roulette, poker, etc. and out in the back corner there was the Victorian Room, the name fits the description.  It's nothing special or spectacular, found some of the staff, (the white staff to be a little rude, when waiting for at least 40 minutes for our meals to go.  Finally the order comes out and we straggle back to the Imperial Palace, turn on the T.V. and grubbed on some great tasting medium-rare prime-rib, It was like 5 o'clock when the food coma occurred, and when we woke up hours later we hit up the Venetian for the Gondola ride, and went back to the Victorian Room to actually sit down and have a late lunch.  Once again I ordered the ever so irresistible Prime-Rib.All in all, the food was fair, the price for the prime-rib is great, you can only find that at Vegas, otherwise you're looking at a 20-30 dollar plate of prime-rib with all the fixings at Outback.  Forget the fixings, the prime-rib with a baked potato, and a salad appetizer, you cannot go wrong.Looking forward to it again, when I hit up sin city in a few months from now.
4	Me: "Steak and eggs, steak and eggs, steak and eggs."Friends: "What's DK's problem?"Me: "Barbary coast steak and eggs. Now!"Girls: "What's he talking about?"Me: "Steak and eggggggs!"Friends: "Some place he always has to go every time we come to Vegas."END RE-ENACTMENT.Been to Vegas, what, a dozen times? And a dozen times I've MADE SURE we got late night Barbary Coast steak and eggs at the Victorian Room after clubbing, no matter how late, no matter how dysfunctional, no matter how tired, broke, and blurry-minded?You'll never break my streak, people, NEVER! What's that? You say it's not 3.99 anymore? You say the hotel isn't even called Barbary Coast anymore?Distractions, distractions.This place looks like something out of the 50s Mafia. It looks like what cigarette smoke smells like. Gaudy as all get-out. Old Vegas right across from the Bellagio. And you didn't even know it was there, did you? Ha! You don't know anything about Vegas!
3	What happenned to the $3.99 Vegas breakfast?  I don't know, but definitely not to be found at the Victorian Room at Bill's.  We had been in Vegas for 3 days and hadn't had a casino breakfast yet, so on our last full day we thought Bill's on the Strip would be a good choice.  The food is good, but why was our bill $45 for 3 of us?  The selection was a little small, so among 3 of us we had to split, share, and build from the menu to get the breakfast that we wanted.  Anyways, that was probably the most expensive breakfast I've ever had at Vegas.  We should have gone to the buffet at Caesar's for the same price, but at least we would have had a lot more to choose from.
3	When those in my generation look back on our childhood, we nostalgically remember television jingles for soda pop, tobacco and laundry detergent (e.g., "I'd like to teach the world to sing...", "Winston tastes good like a cigarette should", and "Ajax - laundry detergent - is stronger than dirt"). Etched into our memories are also iconic moments such as listening to Jim McKay intone, "the thrill of victory...and the agony of defeat...," whilst watching a hapless skier have the worst wipe-out of all time. Another such memory is hearing Earl Scheib drawl, "I'll paint any car any color for twenty-nine ninety-five!" One of the first ad signs I noticed when I arrived in Las Vegas during a recent vacation was posted in bold letters along the side of Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Casino:  $4.99 Ribeye and Eggs. Midnight until 6:00 AM. I immediately felt a stab of nostalgia and thought of Earl Scheib whose paint jobs were infamous for their cheap quality as well as their cheap price. I tried to imagine just how terrible this meal could be and turned to my wife and friends saying, "We have got to try that!" The following day was filled with the stuff most tourists do when they visit: walking a lot, shopping and gambling, taking a ride on NYNY's roller coaster (three stars), eating an excellent dinner at Olives in the Bellagio (four stars), watching the odd but very entertaining fusion of ballet, Olympic diving, synchronized swimming and circus acts that makes up Cirque du Soleil's O (three stars), and dancing on Cleopatra's Barge at Caesar's Palace (four stars). As midnight approached, we were working up quite an appetite for late-night munchies and decided the time had come to try out the ridiculously cheap ribeye and eggs at the Victorian Room. A lot of other people must have had the same idea. I'm guessing that midnight is the peak hour for this place. We had a twenty minute wait to be seated which we spent throwing money away in cheap slot machines near the entrance (the back of Bill's) so we could hear when our name was called. Once ensconced in our booth, our order was taken and the food was delivered extremely quickly. I requested that my eggs be cooked over easy and the meal came with hash browns. The moment of truth had come--just how bad could it be? As it turns out, it wasn't bad at all. Their secret is simple: the ribeye is about 1/8" thick and heavily seasoned which is a good tactic for making mediocre meat tasty (it was too thin to be chewy). I thoroughly enjoyed swirling bite-sized chunks of steak in my runny eggs and mopping the whole thing up later with the delicious hash browns. It was the perfect way to end a long day in Vegas.Its stained glass windows, flowered curtains and red patent leather booths give this restaurant a reasonably "Victorian" feel. What catches you by surprise is that half the menu is Chinese fare. I was only able to resolve this dilemma when I realized they were styling the place after Victorian-era San Francisco and this was the Chinatown element.Part of the nostalgia that drew me here in the first place was based on my previous Vegas trip 30 years ago. Back then, $1.99 steak and egg specials were being promoted. I suspect that this $4.99 ribeye and egg special is the closest you're going to get to that, which isn't bad when you realize that it now costs at least $359.99 for Earl Scheib to paint your car.
2	Ummm this place used to be so great to me after a night of clubbing on the strip. the great thing about this place is that it's so convenient to go here! The steak and eggs are the primary reason that I go here late nights/early early mornings but if you really want to get nitpicky, the steaks are always so fatty. You barely get good pieces of meat! Other than that....it's okay. 2 stars because I had AMAZING steak and eggs at The Orleans...
3	I have a streak of white trash in me that's a mile wide. That's my only explanation for being so curious about the various Prime Rib specials that you would see on the marquees on the more downscale casino halls on and off the Strip. I've always wondered if I had the potential to become a boozy, loud-mouthed gambler who would think nothing of eating a $4.99 plate of rare meat at 3AM. Well, I had to settle for eating here for lunch before boarding my plane back home to San Francisco. The price at a reasonable dining hour is $14.95 - since I assume the owners think you're too sober to judge the price too strictly. Bill's is meant to look like a Barbary Coast gambling hall, so the Victorian Room couldn't be anything but red naugahyde booths and faux-walnut walls. I think it's a stitch that half the menu is meat and potatoes and the other half is a Chinese buffet selection. Naturally I went for a slab of their prime rib, which was blood-rare, no questions asked. It came with a bowl of fluffed-up butter, a bowl of au jus sauce, and a small baked potato dwarfed by two containers of sour cream. Oh but first were the house salad, iceberg lettuce and croutons covered liberally with a ranch dressing, and a roll with a couple of pats of frozen butter. Yeah I ate it all. I ain't proud I did, but hell, it's Vegas. What I eat in Vegas stays in Vegas, right? FOOD - 3 stars...finally tried a prime rib special...and I guess quality does matter AMBIANCE - 2.5 stars...the golden days of San Francisco reinvented in formica and naugahyde SERVICE - 2.5 stars...they served us, yes that's true TOTAL - 3 stars...a culinary outlet for my white trash needs
3	It's 6am, you just left the casino on Vegas and you're starving. What to do? What to do? If you have shiny red ball syndrome like I do you follow the flashing lights that say: "$5 STEAK AND EGGS BREAKFAST - 24 HOURS"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Was it good? NoWas I sober? NoWas it edible? Yes. Now that I am more composed I can say that the steak wasn't that great. It was mostly fat but for $5 and at 6am what do you expect?
4	What do 3 girls do when they are in the search of prime rib (yes we like our meat)? We find our way to Victorian Room - located in Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon. The restaurant is in the corner of this establishment and very small. We were seated immediately and our awesome waitress made her way to the table. She was such a sweet woman and made sure we were well taken care of. What was our order - 3 prime rib specials ($14.95). I had mine with a baked potato and a salad drenched in ranch. Deliciousness!!! It's a decent place - not fancy schmancy like the other bigger hotels but it does the job!Cheers!
3	Not everyone can party until the sunlight comes out. But everyone can at least stay out long enough to get tanked and then want prime rib and breakfast foods before passing out in a lethargic food-comatose state.You want greasy breakfast foods like Denny's-style, but still want to stay within the confines of the Las Vegas Casino-rich environment?Come here, and gorge on greasy breakfast foods at 4 am. Of course there will be a bit of a wait, but everyone else in Las Vegas had the same idea.
4	My last trip to Vegas included a visit to the Victorian Room. Okay so what if it was located in our hotel lobby and we were too lazy to go anywhere else for breakfast. I'm quite the frugal diner so I had to try to the $5.99 steak and eggs special. You should expect a short wait if you are coming in for breakfast. It was about 20 minutes to get a a table. Luckily there are some slot machines close to the waiting area. The service was really friendly. If you order the OJ I suggest you order the large size for about 40 cents more and over double the size! The steak and eggs surprised me! I was expect Denny's quality. The steak was about 4.5 to 5 oz. You also get a side of potatoes and toast. Pretty good deal especially for Vegas. I would definetly go back and maybe even try the Prime Rib.
4	$5.99 Steak and Eggs Special. Daily 11pm to 11am.Big portion. Juicy steak. Daym good eggs.(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/c0ZerP3dvw3x2IWXzNKDyQ?select=S5JSMUwaviEo6MQZJVL8bA)Don't go anywhere else for the Steak and Eggs special. (Read my next review)
4	This is my go to late night place. With $5.99 Steak and eggs you can't go wrong, plus I like playing poker there and can use my hourly comps to pay for my dinner (which is always a plus).I have never ordered anything off the menu, some others have and everything looked decent, but with 2 eggs over easy, hashbrowns, white toast and a medium rare steak for $5.99 (from11p-11a), why order anything else.The service is usually pretty quick and if you order the special it's usually out pretty fast.The first time I had it the steak was a little iffy, but the last few times it has been spot on. The only thing holding this from being 5 stars is the wait for a seat, I know you are busy and I know you want us to go and gamble in the casino, but really 45 mins for a table for 1...you have to be kidding me give me a chair in the corner and I'll be happy
3	I had the $5.99 steak and eggs, served daily from 11p-11a, and it was pretty tasty.  The eggs were a bit overcooked, but not by much.  I was in a hurry, so I didn't give them the opportunity to fix it (or know about it).  The coffee was good and the service was adequate.  They were out of basic staples (coffee sweetener, A1, running dangerously low on salt), but our server found everything we needed from another table.The only reason they don't get 4 stars is because they announce the fact that each party's table is now ready in the "award winning Victorian Room", even if they call 3 names in succession.  It gets old quickly.  Leave off the "award winning" once in a while.  We get it.  You won an award that none of us know about or care about.  Let it go.There is a much larger menu behind the special and even a Chinese food section.  I can't speak for the food, but the selection is good to have.
1	We were lured in by signs advertising $3.99 for steak & eggs and $14.99 for prime rib. It was an easy choice: to the Victorian Room for dinner! Unfortunately, you get what you pay for.After waiting 20 minutes to be seated, we now found ourselves completely ignored. Not a single staff member acknowledged us nor offered water even. My date expressed his frustration out loud. Maybe a little too loud because the lady sitting nearby heard him and didn't hesitate to share her own bad experience with us. She had endured an entire evening of poor service as well, thanks to her "horrible" waitress. Things were not looking good. When the waitress (yes, THAT horrible waitress) finally came around, she was rude and snappish. We were SO out of there. We left and headed over to BLT Burger at the Mirage which was fantastic!
1	This place was better when the hotel was Barbary Coast; they had better late night specials. Don't get me wrong, $5.99 is awesome for steak & eggs, but what happened to the $4.00 two-eggs special.There were four people in our party, we only had two place settings. When I attempted to ask the server for two more, he kept walking away. I asked for a medium steak, it came well-done. I didn't want to complain, because well, it was only $5.99 and I didn't want to chance getting spit in my food. Also, while I was at the host podium waiting to give my name. The host put down the clipboard on the podium and turned around really fast to talk to someone. The clipboard starting falling and I tried to save it but it fell on his feet. I'm pretty sure he thought I knocked it over. He gave me a look, and I felt like I was getting blamed for his own clumsiness and stupidity.
3	"$5.99 Steak And Eggs"After dancing the night away at Tryst, my girls and I decided to hit up Barbary Coast since it has the after party club Drais in there. After getting dropped off by our taxi driver, who shared some of his not so pleasant/explicit stories of customers, we walked by a sign saying "$5.99 Steak and Eggs.""Hey guys! $5.99 Steak and Eggs!!!" Now add it up: girls, at 4am, with high heels, who danced about how many hours already, in need of hydration, in Vegas equals what? SOME HUNGRY WOMEN. We weren't going to let that deal getaway from us.So we skipped going to Drais and decided to eat here. The place was packed and waited about 10 minutes for our tableS. Yes, table is plural because they couldn't find us a table for 7 but two tables for 3 and 4. We were hungry women and honestly didn't care. After my table got our order, a nearby table became vacant. We asked our waiter if it was okay if our friends could move to that table. He said yes and the ladies moved there. Next thing you know, we get the hostess, who was this old lady, come over to our table and gave us a thing or two about the other group moving, AFTER we told her the waiter said it would be okay. I guess she had a rough night already, but seriously, she didn't have to do that to us. Any way, we didn't want that lady to spoil our night or appetite, and we were so happy when our food arrived shortly after her tantrum. Steak and eggs, hashed browns, and guess what?! BUTTERED TOAST! The toast is already buttered for you and it was mm mmm good! With a slab of jelly on that it was delicious! Eggs were yum, as well as the hashed browns and the steak was okay, but that's what you get I guess when it's $5.99. Over all, I'm sure I'd find myself here again at 4am in Vegas, but I'm telling you, the service here is a hit or miss. Our waiter was cool, but that hostess has a mind of her own and is definitely willing to share it!
5	My review is only for the $5.99 steak and eggs from midnight to 6am.  We strolled down here at about 11:50pm and there was already a line to get in.  I guess, you gotta come early to take advantage of the deal.  We were seated within 5 minutes, and the server was adequate.  Not the most friendly human being alive, but will suffice.  I found it funny that the special was no where listed on the menu, but I put in my order, anyways.  I ordered the egg beaters instead of the regular eggs.  I was pleasantly surprised when the dish came out and there were steak & eggs plus hash browns and toast!  This is way better than a Denny's grand slam which costs roughly the same price.  I thought my steak was cooked perfectly and marinated so well.  I could have honestly ate another order.  I did not really care for the eggs because they were a bit runny and gooey but if I lived in Vegas, I would definitely come here all the time to take advantage of this deal.  Looking at the other reviews, I must have low standards, but I really have no complaints.
2	I think I would've starved myself before coming to this place and waited 30 minutes to eat here, what a disappointment.  I ordered veggie omelet with hasbrowns, the good thing here: hashbrowns, the eggs weren't fluffy didn't taste like anything.  Husband had the almond chicken, yes diner with chinese.  Looked like a chinese buffet plate, he said it was good at the table, but not sure if he was being nice in front of his friends for choosing the place.  Why don't you skip this joint because the dennys nearby would disappoint you less.
2	They sat us and forgot about us? People that were seated after us were leaving because they already ate. I got the unlimited orange juice. Right! I had to ask three times for a refill. The skillet was very small. The over easy eggs were a bit cold. And the basket of toast was a great idea. But what's with putting 2 jellies for 4 people. Are we at war? This place wasn't cheap. Actually, it was.
3	It's food, it's there, it's a fair price.   Outside, one of the specials on the giant marquee advertised a $9.99 "all you can eat" Chinese lunch.  Inside, after a brief wait with a slot machine to keep us company, we found a special menu that was a prix fixe Chinese lunch for $9.99, with soup, fried rice, a fortune cookie, and a choice of ONE entree.  As we looked at the quality of the food coming out of the kitchen, we decided to select something else from the main menu.  A turkey wrap and fries, a mushroom swiss burger with fries, coffee and tea, came to $33.47.  Not a deal, but a meal.  I must say the waiter was quite entertaining, though.  He didn't know whether to be rude or accommodating, and kept shifting between two personas.
1	This review is for the Victorian Room restaurant.And here is my review: Puke!Their main feature is a $5.99 steak and eggs breakfast.  Right away I know that $5.99 is not going to get you edible meat unless you're in Argentina or someplace.  And even then....  I didn't order the steak and eggs but based on the faces of those who did (contorted, painful faces with valient jaws working their way through the meat) I can tell you skip the steak.In fact, I can tell you, skip this place altogether unless you don't believe that any restaurant can screw up breakfast.  If you do go, try the skillet breakfast, that looked edible at least.  The toast was pretty limp, more like a shoe liner after standing on it for 4 hours at the craps table than a piece of toast.I had the eggs benedict.  Idiot! Why would I order something like that? Eggs were overdone and cooked the day before.  You get your money's worth of canadian bacon because it was a slab (as opposed to a slice), and the English muffin never met the toaster in person.Stay away.
1	To be fair, I didn't have the $5.99 steak and eggs, or the $14.99 prime rib, but that was my own fault - and the wait at Bautista's down the road was too long, and we were in a bit of a rush. The Victorian Room decor is like sitting in a chintzy parlor in some two horse Old West town, with framed samples of Wiliam Morris fabric on the walls, stained glass windows, and old-fashioned gas-light-style chandeliers and wall sconces. I opted for the spaghetti and marinara, thinking, how can you fuck that up, but lo! and behold...I'm in the toilet at McCarran's less than an hour later.  Talk about noodles and ketchup; the garlic bread was stale and unedible.  Go ahead and say that it's impossible for food to go through you that quickly, but after an earlier disaster at the Four Queens, I assure you, the food at the Victorian Room did it to me, signalling the perfect end to a perfect trip.
2	$5.99 for Steak & Eggs after 12 am? Suuure, it sounds good.. but is it really? In my opinion, not so much.This restaurant is located in a small, I'm guessing low-star hotel & casino. It's ambiance is like a small version of Marie Callender's and its food is like Norm's.The bf and I both ordered the steak and eggs special and both of our orders came out LITERALLY 2 minutes after we put it in. Wow, 2 minutes to cook a medium well steak? If it sounds too good to be true, it's because it was! My steak was cold and both of our eggs were not fully cooked. It's pretty obvious here that they precook the steaks. But hey, I guess you have to cut a few corners when you're serving up food for that kind of price but try hiding it better!What can I say.. typical eggs, hash browns, toast, and under seasoned steak. Yes, its only $5.99 but you're in Vegas.. it's worth it to put in a couple more bucks for something worth eating!BLEH, never again.
3	We had a coupon here so hit it up for breakfast.Nothing super fancy, and like all things in Sin City-there was a bit of a wait to get in.We just went with breakfast basics like pancakes and omlettes, but they were filling and just the kind of greasy spoon fare that we needed after a late night out in Vegas.Not necessarily a place I will deliberately seek out on future visits, but a place I will certainly hit up if it is convenient to where we're staying...
3	At 3am, everything is delicious. I had the Rib Eye steak sandwich, which was surprisingly not terrible. It's a good place to grab a bite and fall asleep in a booth. I don't know why the f they have Chinese food on the menu.
4	$5.99 steak & eggs @ 4 in the morning??!? yumafter dancing the nite away @ XS we walked to bills from PH for the steak & eggs. once we walked into the casino we walked straight to the victorian room. we waited for a couple to get seated in front of us and immediately after we were seated in a comfy booth..."2 diet cokes, 1 water w.lemon &...3 steak & eggs PLEASEEEEEEEEE" =)our sodas were brought out quick then right after we got our dish. yum yum yummy yum yum....i mean its $5.99 dont expect no meaty swanky dish with all the trimmings but expect a slightly charred but delish steak, perfect overez eggs and a nice mound of hashbrowns!! + simply buttered wheat toaast w. stawberry jam to slather on!i dunno if it was the hunger from dancing, the warm room compared to the frigid cold outside, or the deliriousness from lackin sleep but we 3 enjoyed our dish and couldnt stop eattin =)thanks victorian room & bills for feeding us for cheap!
2	Well I thought this would be a good place to go for breakfast at 9 AM and I did realize ahead of time  they only do the steak and egg special until 6 AM as its supposed to be a late night special but I was okay just getting whatever. This place really is just not worth the time or price they charge though. I ordered the french toast and my father ordered a beef sandwich. The french toast was not very good but what really annoyed me was how tiny the portion was for a 10 dollar dish. You can seriously give me more than TWO PIECES OF FREAKING BREAD for TEN DOLLARS. I was still hungry after but its okay I slurped down some of the bad (expensive too) coffee and decided I would wait until the airport for lunch (airport food was better by the way). My father was less than impressed with his meal also and we were both just kinda pissed off when we got the check for 35$. Only upside to this place was that it made the 4 dollar slice of pizza i got at the airport seem like heaven in comparison.
4	Victorian Room gets 4 stars from me. It is by no means 4 star food but it is in the same hotel as Drais and is the best, absolute best way to ensure a slightly less painful hangover in the morning. A fatty steak and eggs for $5.99 to make sure that your head and liver hurt a little less in the morning? Sounds great to me!Sure, you might have to wait. And yes, your friends may be vomiting under the table. But Victorian Room is my fave drunk food at 5 in the morning. I love you Steak & Eggs!***And their free toast is to die for. That many carbs will definitely help you feel less drunk when you wake up later that morning!
3	5.99 Steak and Eggs after a long night of partying. Hits the spot. There was a pretty long line when we went here. Had to wait about an hour. Was it worth it? For the price, yeah, but the food was just a tad undercooked. For 5.99 though I wasn't expecting a lot.
4	There's absolutely nothing special about the Victorian Room but I'm still a fan because greasy, carbs at 4 am are the only things that pacify my queasy stomach after way too many Patron shots.  Thank the Lord it's open 24/7 otherwise I'd experience puke on my expensive shoes more often than I'd like to admit.  The food's nothing to be excited about and the service is awful.  Plus it's overpriced but everything in Vegas is overpriced, except the Bellagio water fountain show (beautiful & free).  Warning:  Be careful who you look at in this place.  Lots of ghetto, drunk people who would probably be obliged to start a fight.  Oh ya, and don't be surprised to see half the people in there passed out and sleeping on the table (been there, done that).
5	I am a growing boy who needs my tender steak, crispy hash browns, 2 flufftastic scrambled eggs and 4 pieces of toast with heaps of butter and jam.  Luckily, I can get it all for $5.99 at the Victorian Room!  Seriously, I could not have been a happier nino pequeno!At first my basket of toast was HEAVILY BUTTERED...then my pecan pie of a waitress, Sandy, saw me wipe off the butter from my toast and she quickly came over, said, "Oh Honey, it's okay, don't eat that" and brought me over some dry, whole wheat toast.  Any place with a waitress that calls me "Honey" deserves 5 stars on Yelp! 2 little boy thumbs up for service and food (hungover, drunk or not)!
4	Oddly enough Victorian Room is one of my favorite places for Chinese. They have shrimp fried rice just the way I like it. Full of flavor and with medium shrimp, not those creepy shrimpy buggers. It's priced right, too, at $9.99. There are also a handful of all you can eat specials 11am-11pm. The Kung Pao chicken is good.Service is usually pretty slow. Occasionally, we'll get lucky and get a server that's attentive.
2	It was cheap but definitely not worth the 30 minute wait. In fact, it would not have been worth any wait.  Steak was fat and grissely and the baked potato was under-cooked.  Wish I had spent more and went elsewhere.
4	My favorite place in vegas for $4.99 steak and eggs late at night. Their $4.99 special goes from 10pm until about 8am I believe so anytime of the night when I'm hungry, I know where I can get good food. The steak and eggs combo comes with two eggs anyway you want it, a sizeable piece of steak done anyway you want it, hashbrown and buttered toast. Its a really good deal and its a large plate of food. I also got their $2.99 cheesecake and chocolate cake and was also not disappointed. Their cakes is actually a really big slice for $3 and the cakes alone can defintiely will you up. The food is good, the price is good and the service is good and fast. The place itself isn't very fancy but as long as the food is good, its fine. The only downside is its always very popular so wait time on average is 45 min to an hour but I'm willing to wait, for good food that's cheap.
2	Okay this place gets....two and a half stars. Solid.What will attract you to this place is:#1 The Amazing deals after midnight!#2 Open lateSo you're starving at 1 am and for whatever reason you don't care for Pinks, Mc D's, Denny's, etc...well here the current special is $5 Steak+Eggs+Hashbrowns+Toastand $15 Prime Rib.If you're hungry, you should check this out! But if you're not drunk you'll unfortunately be able to realize that you really get what you pay for...The $15 Prime Rib deal is actually not bad at all...you get a simple salad and fries/baked potato. Not a bad deal.Now what you probably would buy though is the $5 special....the steak is think and bland...hashbrowns...bland x 2...eggs....worst eggs I've ever had...watery and over buttered, I never thought someone could mess up eggs. But the toast was fine.And get this...a cup of coffee is like $3...more than half your special.Despite any awards it might have won and the 30 minute wait....STAY AWAY if you plan on getting the $5 deal and get yourself an extra value meal at Mc D's. At least you know what to expect.Otherwise, go and laugh at everybody else who went to Denny's.
4	$4.99 steak n eggs (12am-8am).  Nuff said.Be prepared to wait 30-45 minutes, no matter what time you arrive.  They'll call your name over the loudspeaker throughout the casino, so don't be afraid to sit yourself down to a short session of $0.50-$1 no limit hold em, or $10 blackjack while you wait.The steak n eggs also come with hash browns and your choice of toast.  Yum.If you end your night at the Victorian Room, I personally guarantee that you won't be hung over the next day.  You can take that to the bank.
3	I would give a 2 stars because " meh. ive experienced better." was what I was thinking! but... I think I will settle for a 3 star since the man said it should be a 4 star. ..obviously he is a fan of the graveyard special 4.99 for a whole mess of yumminess! haha but anyway.. this place works I guess... not going to urge anyone to try it.. not going to turn anyone away either... Denny's is the best I can compare this place... except Denny's employees actually know how to work a cash register.. the older hostess had some problems....
3	The Victorian Room is one of the best spots on the strip to get a good cheap meal. Back when they were still a part of Barbary Coast, there would be very limited table wait time if there was any. But in the last 3 or 4 trips to Vegas, I could never get a table here without having to wait at least a hour which is why it only get 3 stars from me.
1	It was 3 AM in Vegas on a weekday.Our hero was drunk beyond belief.Our hero was not quite sure where he was.Seeing the closest restaurant in the very back of the casino he was in, he approached it to get a meal with some of this friends.  After waiting on the list for a while, he was seated in the corner and they all ordered the $4.99 steak, hash browns, and eggs special.  The rib eye steak was a poor excuse for a slab of meat, and even the toast they served was thicker.  The eggs were mediocre, and the hash browns were greasy and soggy.  Even while drunk, it was not a very good meal.After leaving for a minute and sitting down again with another friend for another meal, they waited over 10 minutes without getting service.  Thinking hard about the combination of poor food and slow service, they got up and left the restaurant, vowing to never return again.PROS:- Their late night meal specials after 11 PM or midnight are very good deals for under $6 on the strip.CONS:- Slow service.- You have to line up for a while before getting seated.- Midnight specials may be cheap, but they tasted horrible.
4	We actually had a mean breakfast here. It was delicious! It was comparable to IHOP/Denny's, but a bit pricier. It's a Las Vegas meal after all!  I had eggs benedict and hash browns cooked really well and my husband had his usual hot cakes, bacon, sausage, etc. He ordered a la carte. I didn't expect our bill to be $55 for breakfast, but that's cool - at least we can say it was good.My husband's cousin would come here nightly to eat their steak and eggs for $5 and he loved it! I'm sure it's not amazing food, but when you're hungry and drunk in Vegas, most people don't care. I recommend this place - food is yummy. I want to give it 3.5 stars b/c the casino is tacky and small and old (and b/c it's pricey for the quality), but what the heck... they deserve 4 stars for the breakfast!
1	I would have given a half star if such a thing were possible. I have never given a one star but there are things that cannot be forgiven here. I was very drunk in Vegas & I was mad because I had slept through dining hours for buffet at the Bellagio but needed to eat. I was here w my girlfirend and we were very hungry. I had coffee to wake me up. which was good, slow to refill (server was good just not there very often). The one star unforgivable part was the taste. I ordered a spagehetti and meatballs, a dish that I figured would have been impossible to messup, I was given very watery overcooked pasta and my girlfriend got breakfast which they serve all day. She got eggs & a piece of ham which was cold but just had grill marks on it, not good. If I had had a good meal and I would have been happy in any state. I pushed the plate away as I so rarely do to any place and my first feeling was when I get better yelps going to hear about it...
3	Chinatown meets the O.K. Corral?Looking to fulfill your "msg" thirst at a Western themed saloon?  The $10.99 made-to-order all-you-can-eat Chinese Food at the Victorian Room will quench that thirst.  Instead of the all too common buffet lines in Vegas, this all you can "enjoy" meal is made to order and is fresh. Not all the items are available but most of the good ones are. Must try the General's Chicken and the BBQ Pork Chow Mein. And if you are awake and half-way coherent after midnight, check out their $4.99 Steak and Eggs special. In my experiences there, order you meats a little more red than you usually do, they tend to overcook, especially when busy.
4	3.5 stars!Yumm, the $4.99 steak and eggs is totally worth it! Even at 5am, there was a line! For a group of 6, we waited around 20-25 minutes. The steak itself is very ehh; the boyfriend and I ordered medium rare but it came out looking drier than our friends' medium steaks. Everything else makes it so worth it though! I'm more of a carb girl myself so maybe you won't be so happy if you need your meat fix. They have toasted BUTTERED bread with jam and thick potato hash browns. We got our eggs scrambled and they were still just a little runny, just how I like 'em! Food comes out fairly quick too, which helps when you're about to fall asleep at the table.I'd definitely definitely come back here again for steak and eggs (available midnight to 8am)! Gyapo! :)
4	Some of the best food deals on the strip (steak and eggs, Chinese food). It's not fancy, it's not big, it's just good and affordable (cheap doesn't feel right). The room is small so it gets hella crowded. Expect to wait at least 30 min for a party of four. If you go after 2am, you get some good people watching for free, but it's going to be twice as crowded at that time.
4	I only come here for the $4.99 steak and eggs. Such a good deal, and exactly what you need when you've become so hungry after a night of drinking. The steak is nothing special, but for $4.99, I can't complain. Also, the deal comes with hash browns and toast! And the toast, oh my gosh. Buttered toast is so simple, but they get it just right.Expect a wait when coming here. They are usually busy because of their steak and eggs special. You can always gamble while you wait!
1	i ate here once and that was 1  to many times  for me. i saw the sign in the street that said all you can eat and i went in like the trained seal that i am. the service sucked.. the food sucked. crowded on a weekday afternoon. i thought they had a buffet table but no instead it was waitress service. i ordered the mixed vegatables with rice. there was 2 options for me either this or the veggie burger. i got wegged in between an old woman on one side and old woman and her son pushing 50 years old on the other side . try picturing where's waldo almost 400 pounds with a gold tee beard. but they were cool and talked to them while we ate. i cant say the same for the asian waitress . i tried to be polite waiting for her to take my order. she finally took my order . i got my food and it was warm . i managed to shove down another plate of veggies because i refused to go to another resturant later in the day and cough another $ 11.00 plus tax and tip. i dont recomend this resturant even there so called bargains .
3	"Victorian Room" = American and Chinese? Strange..... haha.Came here after a long night at TAO and gambling at Paris. We all were starving and decided to get some $4.99 steak and eggs. Luckily we came at the right time cause there wasn't a wait. We got seated right away. Got our water and ordered. Simple since we all ordered basically the same things. The steak and eggs comes with hashbrowns and toast. What a freaking deal. Although the steak was really burnt and dry.. you can't really ask much for $4.99 right.
2	I was on a secret mission to come here for the late night steak and eggs deal. It was on my mind practically the whole weekend. I mentioned it to my party a few times who were mostly intrigued, but too lazy and cold to walk there from the Wynn! I wasn't going to let that stop me, though, so I dragged the boyfriend along. Luckily we were seated right away and our order was taken almost immediately. The food came out what seemed like 5 minutes later which we already knew was a bad sign.Well first of all, the food was COLD. The eggs, hashbrowns, and toast were good.. edible. I think those components would be hard to mess up. However, the steak was really tough and cold. I had a few bites and decided I'd had enough. My inebriated state couldn't even fool me into enjoying it!
3	very good food at a good price Vegas has gone expensive this place still has a breakfast one can afford service was 5 stars, everyone there was very very friendly and in a good mood
1	$5.99 for steak & eggs? Me thinks NOT!! [I think because it was holiday weekend]The only reason we came here is because our regular spot for steak and eggs was far from Caesars and this was right across the street.1st: There was a 15min wait, never had to wait for steak and eggs EVER2nd: Service sucked, it took the waiter another 15min to come over and greet us and take our order3rd: our food was just nasty the hash browns were like noodles which was weird! Never seen anything like that. And on top were soggy. Good thing they have A1 sauce to go with my steak or else I would've been pissed4th: Looked at their regular menu and everything is WAAAAAY OVER PRICED. I was checking out the side menu and it was $3.99 for an egg. I can buy a whole dozen for that. Couldn't believe it.Definitely wont be coming back here. Go to Marilyns at Tuscany. No wait and their steak is actually decent for the price. Plus its $3.99 there!!
5	Dude.When you gotta make the trek home from the Wynn/Encore to the slums of the Monte Carlo after a party hardy night, you MUST stop here. No excuses!$5.99 for steak, eggs, toast, and taters. Wait...is this real? You may need to wait if you cruise in after 2 AM, but never mind that. And don't listen to these other steak & egg newbs who are disgusted by the almost plastic looking hunk of cow in front of you. IT JUST TASTES SO GOOD AFTER COPIOUS AMOUNTS OF DRINK.
4	Wait. No. Seriously. $5.99 for steak, eggs, toast, and hash from midnight to 8am? IDEAL. Especially ideal since you are probably broke and/or drunk from gambling all night and somehow stumble into this place. Plan on waiting around 20 minutes to get in, and then plan on eating some moderately questionable steak if you are sober, otherwise deliciously unquestionable steak if you have been drinking. Furthermore, its in Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon, so that right there is reason enough. The crowd in the Victorian Room is a great mix of passed out people eating by their sad-sad selves to groups of people coming down from their X-induced dance-fests at some stupid club where they waited 3 hours to get in only to pay $20 a drink after spending the afternoon putting their faces on.
3	Overpriced but nevertheless tasty. They have a full Chinese menu that attracts me to such a old-school casino as Bill's Gamblin' Hall. Their fried-rice is very good and is offered in large portions. ...Wifey enjoyed the won ton soup.
4	They have chinese food here?!! I didn't try it but it looked pretty damn good. They serve it family style. I got the veggi omelet and came with hash browns and toast. Quality is ten times better than dennys. Couldn't get the steak and egss for 5.99 so we got the rib-eye. I felt like i was getting a 5.99 steak for $25. The size of it was nice and they cooked it medium rare but eating a steak from a place that offers 5.99 steak, I don't feel they can produce a better product.
1	I beg of any other tourists to spend any money in this restaurantOrdered the steak and eggs, eggs over easy, steak medium rareEggs came out fine but the steak was well done, was so tired getting off the plane i just ate it and made a mental note never to come backPrior to getting the bill the "chef" came out, a redneck lady that looked "dirty" which made me think twice of how my food was madeOh and as for Chinese food being served there...you're really asking for it haha
4	wait.... i keep reading other reviews and they all paid less than i did for teh steak and eggs... i got it for $8.99!?!?!?!? WTF! dang...  oh well, still a good pricei waited til a minute past midnite to come by here due to lent and this being friday nite. and by "waiting" i mean, drinking. if i can't eat meat, then i'm drinking. a lot. the appetite that develops when one spends an exorbitant amount of time drinking and not eating is indiscribable. kind of like trying to describe the beauty of a newborn child or sunsets. left and right the steak and eggs were flying. it was THE thing to get here. considering the price (even though i apparently paid more), you get a pretty good sized NY steak. it comes with hashbrowns and toast, but we ordered fries too. sunny side up yolk is soppy bread goodness. steak was tender and the table has A1. damn, i almost wanted to order another one. had i  been able to find my wallet, i probably would've. great late nite drunky food.
3	Actually, 3.5 stars but I stuck with 3 over 4 since their regularly priced menu was so steep it sobered me up at 6am in the morning!Like most other people, I came here with a group (six total) after clubbing on a Saturday night for the $8.99 steak and eggs. This place is popular! We got there around 5am and still needed to wait an hour to be seated, which did not bode well with my churning stomach so I napped a bit in a slot machine chair. Once we were seated service was fast, the food was decent, with good sized portions but not that tasty.  Next time I'll probably skip this place and head over to Burger Joint in the Flamingo. At least there the penny-pincher and fat girl in me can be satisfied when I save $2 on the steak and eggs to go toward a burger and fries too.
3	It looks like the steak and eggs deal was a lot cheaper before I had it because I paid $8.99. Booo. But... it was still pretty amazing for 8.99! At least from what I remember. This place is conveniently in the middle of the strip and right across from our hotel so we were capable of stumbling over here after a night at XS. But they said it was going to be a 45 minute wait. WTF! So we stumbled to other places and didn't have any better luck. Came back and they had a table ready for us in 5 minutes.It's kind of funny to eat there just because you see alot of the crazies, the drunkies, and the passed out. Only in Vegas.I'm not sure why, but the toast was sooo bombdiggity good!! It might have been the best part actually...
2	Has totally gone downhill.The steak now tastes like rubber. And it's no longer $3.99. They raised it $4.99, then to $5.99, and then to $8.99.The only thing this place has going for it now is the late-night atmosphere, which is The Godfather meets Mae West's boudoir.This is sad, I so looked forward to this late night eat. But I don't want to be disappointed again. Anybody know a good late-night steak and eggs place in Vegas?
3	The Victorian Room at Bil's Gamblin' Hall has 5.99 Steak and Eggs! After a long night of drinking, we were hungry on the strip at 3am and I literally stumbled into the casino for the steak and egg deal.  Normally, I go to Ellis Island for the steak and egg special, but this location was way more convenient.Of course I didn't expect much in terms of taste because it was soo cheap. When it's late and you have the drunken munchies, it actually tastes ok. I wouldn't really go out of my way to come here if I was sober and daytime.
3	If you've eaten at any of the coffee shops at the hotels owned by Harrah's/Caesar's, you will recognize the menu. They all pretty much serve the same food at the same inflated prices.Bills, being more of a low-roller joint, adds some specials and an extra layer of grease. Go for the steak & eggs. The price is up to $8.99 (it used to be much cheaper) but it's pretty decent, and it's the cheapest breakfast I've found in this part of the strip. It's served until 8 AM, so you don't have to be up at the crack of dawn to get it.
5	Open 24/7...great & cheap food...they put up with all the drunks stumbling in at 2 a.m.  Food is so so.  The steak and egg special is only available during a certain time everyday...beware!
5	*Warning: NEVER BEEN SOBER HERE (or anywhere close to that)This is the best place to go to for Steak and Eggs in the middle of the night after having 100 too many drinks. I always get the steak and eggs (MEDIUM RARE). The steak is yummy, the eggs are also perfectly cooked. i actually have no idea how they'll taste when I'm sober, but when I'm drunk, they are the bestest thing to eat in the whole wide world!
3	Maybe we should have come here when we were drunk. We came here as our first stop in Vegas in the morning. Like everyone, me and my friends ordered the steak and eggs special, except for our party pooper friend who wanted pancakes.The steak was okay. I've had better but of course the price correlates to the quality I guess? I really wish the steak and eggs special was still $4.99 instead of the new price of $8.99 though. Also I think this special is a midnight special from 12am-8am, methinks.I noticed there were a lot of people at the time we were there. A mixture of old and young people. Ah, it's Vegas. Everyone comes out to play in Vegas.
2	This place WAS a nightly stop for me every time I go to Vegas. The steak and eggs was about $5 and it's located in Bills right in the middle of the strip. The quality of the steak is pretty bad and is always well done no matter how you order it, but who cares, you're probably drunk. Unfortunately, the price was recently raised to $8. Yeah, I'm complaining over $3. That's a 60% increase!!! You may think that's not very much. If that's the case, then you won't think a 60% decrease in my rating of this place is very much.Hint: Go to Hard Rock. If you're going to pay a little more, then you might as well put it into a taxi ride to the Hard Rock and get a better quality steak that's actually medium rare. You'll need a players card to get it for $5 though. Worth the trouble for me.Note: Ignore everything I said if you go to Drai's. Location and convenience outweighs the $3 lol
5	Went here after a crazy night at xS. can't go wrong with steak and eggs for dirt cheap especially after 2am.
3	First time trying this place I was in love. Went back on a second Vegas trip and it wasn't as good. Could be related to whether I was up or down against Vegas.....I ordered their corn beef hash. not bad...just not the greatest
3	Meh...food is just ok.  Nothing spectacular and similar to any diner you find on the road.  Prices, of course, are high for what you get but it's Vegas, baby!
3	This place seems like it'd be amazing after a night of drinking when you have no concept of time and everything tastes better because even your taste buds have beer goggles. Unfortunately we rolled in early evening and stone cold sober. The waiter barely spoke but I believe that was because of a language barrier, and the service was very sloooooow. I got the ham and cheese sandwich. It was really simple but actually pretty good. My friend's meal on the other hand...not so much.  She wasn't very happy with the portion or the taste.  My other friend was equally as dissatisfied with her meal.  If we ever go back, it'll definitely be after a late night of partying when we won't care as much.
2	It use to be $4.99 steak and eggs last year BUT now its $8.99! Totally not worth it especially becuase of the bad service and quality of food. I have been coming to this place for years after the club and the food and service was pretty decent. But this time was the worst service ever! I'm not sure if the staff wasn't trained or what but it took forever for them to seat us, it took forever to take our order, and it took forever to get our order. They were quick though to give us the bill. I saw people leaving because the servers took too long. The steak was overcooked or something because it was so chewy. Ugh I'm so disappointed in this place.
1	Shitty
2	My friends ordered the steak and eggs. They ordered it medium rare. It came 'looking' med-rare but it was not at all juicy. Given that it was only 6.99. But its a ruined steak.. I've had well-done steak juice than that. Sad.
3	$6.99 steak and eggs! Everything else is at least double that price. Came here twice and both times I had great steak but my bf got skimpy ones :( The scrambled eggs, I'm pretty sure were powdered eggs. They brought back torturous childhood memories of being forced to eat powdered eggs from the food storage when times got rough. Pretty sleazy for a restaurant to serve them. The second time I got my eggs over easy any they were much better. They had a long wait on Saturday night... or should I say Sunday morning ;). Waited about 40min for a table. Next night/morning there was no wait. It's the cheapest place around to get breakfast before bed so I'll definitely be back ;)
4	Okay I'm giving this place two extra stars... maybe I was there on a off night last time I was there. They drop the Steak & Eggs price to $6.99 which I think now is totatly worth the price. The server was pretty fast and attentive. He took our orders when we sat down (since we knew what we wanted) and probably 10 mins later we got our food. He also made sure that our water glasses were always full which is a plus. Now for the Steak & Eggs, we ordered it medium rare with over easy eggs and the steak came out perfectly cooked! I didn't even need to drench my steak with A1 sauce... which to me, means it taste good.  Yum!
2	The hostess was not having a very happy day.When the 5 of us were being seated, we asked if they could clear the table next to us so that we could sit together. "No," said the grumpy worker. So we had to sit separately, 3 of us on one side of the room, 2 near the front.Steak & eggs for &6.99 at 6ish in the morning. No, we did not wake up early to eat this.Honestly, the whole steak & eggs deal at low prices is pretty common along the strip. Even tho we were all pretty hammered and appreciated the fact that we could get some grub, we still all noticed the steak was blehh. The potato tot things were okay, and the bread was hardly edible.Just as a side note - I am not snobby at all, I do have a lower set of standards when it comes to cheap steaks like this. But really, I've had better steak at this price. If you want good cheap steak & eggs, go to Ellis Island for $4.99 steak & eggs - it's two bucks less, and actually good.Only reason why I'll give an extra star for this place is cus at the end of the day (or shall I say beginning of the new day..), I was glad to get some food in my poisoned system.Cliff Notes: Mediocre $6.99 steak & eggs.
4	Oh God, what would I do without the steak and eggs special at he Victorian Room to help sustain me in my late night Vegas debauchery?!The first time I went here for my 21st birthday, the special was about $5.99 (since then I think it's gone up to $8.99 but that's still a great deal, especially in Vegas). Pretty freakin' suh-weet.  The special comes with a nice sized steak, hash browns, 2 eggs and toast. I ordered my steak rare... since I figured at a place like this it would come to me perfectly medium rare and it was soooo good. Yes, it's not the best steak you'll ever have in your entire life BUT for that price... and at 3 am in the morning when all you want to do is curb the drunchies... it is the best thing you can get on the strip! Well some guys might argue with me but I think it's the best thing you can get at 3 am on the strip at that price haha. Keep in mind that the wait can get long around 12-3 am. You can always put your name down though and go play a few games in the casino which is literally right there. I don't recommend waiting around near the restaurant with the other drunks... Last time I was there my group of girls were in the middle of a fight between 4 drunk guys and it was scary. I'm not saying we were to blame but it really came across as a buck fight. Boys can be stupid. Hello, it's a casino. There are security personal everywhere AND cameras!Every time I've gone since my 21st, the quality has been the same. I like consistency. My steak always comes straight from the grill piping hot and dripping with fatty goodness. I always get my eggs over easy since I like eating it on top of my toast and having the creamy yolk spill everywhere. The eggs are decent as are the hash browns. I love that they are crispy on top. Just look at the picture I have posted and tell me that doesn't make you hungry! I'm drooling just looking at it!
3	Look, this is your typical cheap steak and egg deal in Vegas. It stops running at (I think) 8am so if you've been out all night drinking this is the place to hit before you continue on your binge. The steak was great for the price, the eggs were fine, and the beer with breakfast is such a wonderful Vegas treat. Yes, you may have to wait in line, but that's what gambling is for. They'll call your name when your table is ready. The decore is dreary and some of the seats have tears in them. Take a guess how little I care. If you go in knowing what to expect you won't be disappointed.
4	There is only one reason I come to the Victorian Cafe every trip I make to Vegas and that's the prime rib. This is the best prime rib you'll eat anywhere in the world, and it's only $13.99 to boot. It's tender, tasty, and it's served with a spicy horseradish sauce that must be homemade because it's amazing. The prime rib is surprisingly not on the menu, but is usually listed on the specials board at the front as you walk in. In any case as far as I can tell its available 24 hours per day 365 days per year.Presentation is nothing fancy, just a slab of meat and fries on a plate, and the servers are just average, but the meat more than makes up for everything else. Highly recommended!
5	The Victorian Cafe was my very favorite place in Las Vegas, where I would come when I needed a little sanity, and good food. It's cheap, too, especially if you go during the hours they offer specials, which for me is when I wake up, which is 5 AM no matter what timezone I'm in. It's fun to get up in the morning, go right to a casino and see people who are still several hours away from winding down for the evening. Then over to cheap breakfast. I'll admit I didn't go to EVERY place in Las Vegas-- it has gotten just enormous, out of control. It's a nice vacation from New York because it makes you realize just how much worse New York could be. Instead of a couple people every block handing you advertising flyers and cards, you have a HUNDRED guys lining the blocks, so it's like running a gauntlet-- forcing these cards in your face, which you then see littering the sidewalks. Glossy business cards with graphic pictures and descriptions of sex with children and animals. Even for someone like me who is occasionally amused by the extreme, I was nauseated. There used to be famous cheap buffets where they pretty much paid you to eat, assuming you were gambling. There are some pretty amazing buffets, sure, but they cost much more now, and to me it just doesn't make sense to have Thanksgiving dinner more than once a year. Unless you bring you pants with plastic pockets or you have a hollow leg or something, how much do you really want to eat at one sitting?Also, I was looking for a real, actual slot machine where you put in an actual metal disk, whether a coin, which would be preferable, or a token, which would make some actual mechanical things inside spin around, and if you won, send coins cascading out the bottom. I should have done more research on this, but all I could find were slot machines that faked the sound of gears turning and printed out little receipts like an ATM. Occasionally they might have a lever you could pull that did nothing-- except make you feel like an idiot. If anyone knows where there are ACTUAL slot machines (and not just the slot machine museum) and could tell me (before I have a chance to read like one million yelp Las Vegas reviews) I'd appreciate it, and I'll hurry back out there, you now, when Hell freezes over.
2	$6.99 steak and eggs.. I'm there.. and its on the strip.. I think their specials run from 12-6am... I remember this place tasting a lot better, but I don't know what changed... We stumbled our way here at 2am on a Friday morning and all ordered steak and eggs.. There was 6 of us and only 2 of us finished the steaks (because they were hungry)..it was horrible!!! My teeth hurt the next morning.. the steak was so tough and hard to chew..They only good part was the eggs and toast... I know when you are in Vegas you think of steak and eggs but avoid ordering it at this place at all cost.. Just do the $4.99 eggs and bacon/sausage deal - you'll be more happier..
1	Worst dining and food I've ever had in Vegas! From the hostess to the wait staff, you feel as though your just being "processed". They walk and talk like zombies. Place seemed dated and dirty but, we were hungry and the wait gave us an idea that it may be good. WRONG!I ordered the prime rib, medium rare with a baked potato and salad. The only thing that was decent was the salad. The steak looked fried and was far from medium rare. The baked potato, I couldn't cut it with my fork. Prime rib should never be served this way. My friend ordered the steak and eggs special and the steak was pretty unidentifiable. He said the eggs were good but, that was it. We would have sent it all back if I wasn't afraid that our food would be tampered with. Noticed two other tables complaining about their food as well. One was because of a long hair hanging off of the plate. Disgusting!
4	$6.99 Steak and eggs and $3.99 3 egg breakfast...count me in! Service was great, food was pretty good and the coffee was good, it didn't seem like the usual crappy coffee most breakfast places have.
3	$13.98 prime rib in the middle of the Strip.  Great deal when you consider a simple turkey sandwich could cost more than that across the street at the Bellagio or Caesars.  Nice menu, quick service.  Not very large, so I imagine there would be a wait at busy times.  I was there on a Monday night off season.
5	The Victorian is right next to Flamingo. I heard they have a steak and eggs special for $4.99 on after hours but I was too drunk to even see it. So on this night I got a breakfast special. Really chill restaurant, quiet not too loud. Even though most of the people here are coming after the clubs the crowd is rather "normal". One of reasons why I like this place was because is by Drai's and I didn't have to walk a lot of get a cab to get a delicious breakfast at the a.m. hours. PERFECT! I will come back for that steak and eggs special! ;)
4	I wouldn't say the quality of the food is the best out there but definitely THE place to go after a long night of clubbing. Every time I come here I order the steak and eggs special. There's really no way to mess up eggs or potatoes so that's always good. The steak is small but it's not bad. I usually get medium rare but I asked for medium here because well..I'm not sure if I'd trust the quality of the meat. The meat wasn't too chewy so that was good (if it was I probably would've given up eating out of being drunk n' lazy AHHA) Honestly, at around 3-4am and wasted, anything tastes good. I wouldn't come here sober because I don't want to know how it tastes with all my senses working because I might be disappointed. Of all the times I've been to Vegas I have to say that my one meal here is always the best meal out of the trip. Partially because it's so cheap and partially because drunchies make everything good. PLUS! They let you pay separately :)
3	Located in the back of bills gambling hall & saloon (pretty hard to miss)Lately regardless of which hotel we stay @ we've ended up here after late-night  hotel check ins. it's a decent place to get a starchy, proteiny (pretty sure that's not a word) meal. service is pretty speedy, most of the wait staff I've had don't speak much English but were super attentive considering how busy it gets. decor is very red and Victorian themed (obvious) and mostly spacious booth seatingthe late night menu has bar food type apps and there's a few breakfast options, Chinese food menu and i believe fish and chips and a steak dinner option. but its pretty much the norm to come and get the late night steak and egg special for 6.99, the special consists of a thin but large steak, hash browns (think grocers freezer isle), large buttered toast slices, 2 eggs (your way) i sometimes omit the eggs for more hash browns. it's certainly not the best quality food, but its pretty decent and a great option to come relax your feet and soak up some of the alcohol after clubbing. if you wanna beat some of the crowds i'd suggest coming about 15 mins before they open @ midnight since that's usually when the line starts forming.
3	11pm to 6am special. Steak and eggs for $6.99 and 3 egg special for $4.99. Price is probably the cheapest on the strip.Venue: medium size restaurant inside bill's casino. Semi ghetto old style.Service. Okay.Food:Steak and eggs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/c0ZerP3dvw3x2IWXzNKDyQ?select=7Av2xXdetk3VjO9IlpIy4A) - $6.99 small piece of steak (smaller than Ellis island) and very chewy... Hashbrown was okay. Wheat toast was good.3 egg special (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/c0ZerP3dvw3x2IWXzNKDyQ?select=lSjbluNsM-nn898jZir0sQ) - $4.99 eggs tasted like it came out of a carton... Maybe I'll op in for sunny side up next time. Hashbrown was okay and came with 3 rubbery sausages (you can ask for bacon instead). Wheat toast was good.Price: okay price for on the strip.Overall: would rather pay for taxi to Ellis island for their steak and eggs.
2	Meh -- even with the deal, I don't care for it. I got my steak medium rare, but it was so chewy. Then my sunny side up eggs was too undercooked (the white was still very clear).  The service took forever. I wouldn't come back here again.
4	It used to be 5 bucks for a big piece of steak, a generous serving of hash browns, and eggs cooked to order.  Went here last night after engaging in some Las Vegas clubbing festivities.  I came here at around 2:30AM or so, so I'm guessing the clubs were just getting going so most of the people are there.  Got our names taken down and was seated in about 5 minutes.  It's good and cheap food.  They have bumped it up to $6.99 from like midnight to 4 or 5AM?  Any other time, I believe it's like $20 or something.  Makes sense.Ask for some Worcestershire to go on your steak!  Adds great flavor!  Can't beat steak, eggs, hashbrowns, and your choice of bread for 7 bucks.
1	Greaay spoon, frozen burger patty with cheese for $12? Took forever to get glasses of water. Maybe the steak & eggs are a hit but I'd avoid this place. Over-priced for sub-par food.
3	I have to say we were pleasantly surprised. $14.00 for 2 steak and eggs and it was actually good! The service was slow and you had to leave the restaurant to get adult beverages but over all we would go back.
4	I came here about 3 years ago on a drunken night out and got the steak and eggs, my foggy memory remembered it was $4.99. I came here again last weekend for steak and eggs, I guess they raised the price to $6.99 now, still a good deal! Can't say this steak was good but hey who cares when it's 5am and you're not going to remember the next day anyways?! The steak was more like gum, very chewy, eggs were good! I didn't care, I cleaned the plate! would come back again! yay for steak and eggs!!!
4	Been here a few times. This time I ordered a non special item, order a burger. It's decent but very pricey. Next time, I'll order a special that they have. Service was excellent though which I prefer over great food and poor service. You gotta pay the cashier instead of the waiter which normal in some restaurants in Vegas. If you're staying at Flamingo, Bally's or Paris. This is another options for breakfast, or late night dinner for you since it's 24/7
5	The hubby ate here and loved it. He said it was the best thing he ate in Vegas and we even tried the Wynn buffet. I took a bite of the steak and thought it was ok. The 5 star is his review. I just love the hotel so 5 works for me too!
5	LOVED the food!  Even on a crazy busy Friday morning, we had great service and amazing food!  Everyone in our group of 12 was impressed and we tried and tried to find time to go back.  We are headed to Vegas Tuesday and I think this will be our first stop.  We can't wait to try Hash House a Go Go also but we know the Victorian Cafe won't disappoint.  Great service, great food, cheap!  Doesn't get much better than that, especially in Vegas!
4	SO convenient to eat here if you are staying at Bill's. Down the elevator and there you are! The triple decker club was really good, the waiter brought us a ton of ranch (hey, that's important), and they had a really good selection of other sandwiches, burgers, and salads. Great for a bite out before EDC!
4	I was here over the weekend and came across the poster advertising their $6.99 steak and eggs special, so me and some friends decided to eat here. The steak wasn't too bad and i was surprised it got me full (Pretty sure the toast got me full). I had another steak deal at The Hard Rock Hotel the night before and this place was 10x's better. (unless the cook at that place was tired) The steak at Hard Rock was so Chewy and overcooked i didn't even want to eat it after a few bites.I would recommend this place to any drunk person/ non-drunk person in Vegas who's looking for a midnight meal
4	We were in search of breakfast and saw that this place had a $4.99 egg special. Unfortunately it was 10am and the deal doesn't start until the night time. We still decided to eat here since we were hungryyyy.We ordered the skillet with ham. ham grilled cheese, and an egg combo breakfast. I didn't want green peppers in my skillet, but the waitress said it comes as is. Uhh weird? I've always been able to remove something from a skillet if I didn't want it. The food arrived within about 10 minutes. I really liked my skillet. The potatoes were so soft and tasty. My friend raved about her grilled cheese. The portion size was big for me. I had to take the rest to go.One problem I had was with the service. When we sat down my friend ordered coffee. No coffee came. When we ordered the food she ordered coffee again. When we got the food still no coffee. She told her one last time and finally got her coffee. After we finished eating we waited for a good 10 minutes until our waitress came by. The food was good, but the service was pretty slow.
2	This was an absolute mistake. Unless you're coming here for their special that my friends and I missed, this place has nothing going for it. Service is pretty slow, the food reminded me of Denny's absolutely untalented brother, and 2 of my friends compared their food to ass and farts.If you can justify $14 after tax and tip for a shitty omelette , please be my guest.
1	$6.99 steak & Eggs graveyard special. I Know why it's that price. worst steak ever . had 2 bites and my jaw was sore from chewing. eggs were OK.  Bread choices were limited to white or wheat. spend a few bucks more and go elsewhere . but Idid love watching  the drunk wasteoides from drai's eating there at 5 am
3	Came here because a) my husband wanted some late night eats and b) it was next to our hotel (Flamingo). We got there around 12:30 a.m. but had to wait 15 minutes to be seated. They call your name over the casino speaker so you can hear it if you resume gambling while you wait. I got the $4.99 special that came with 3 eggs, choice of sausage or bacon, hashbrowns, and toast. My husband got the $6.99 steak and eggs special. I thought my food was pretty good, nothing special but a killer deal. My husband was pretty happy with his meal, too. I seem to recall waiting 20 minutes for our food which was TORTURE due to trying not to fall asleep after a long day of partying. Tameka was our server and she was great. Very friendly and attentive.
5	Just remember, a $6.99 steak and egg special isn't going to taste like a $70 filet at Gordon Ramsey.  5 stars for a good meal at a great price!!
4	Chinese food?!?? Yummy!! Kung Pow Chicken and Mongolin Beef. Comfort food needed for the stomach after a long weekend!
4	When 5 drunk girls are starving at 5 in the morning, Victorian Cafe is the mother truckin' jamalam. All the other ladies had the 3 egg special and I had the steak and eggs since I'm extra fancy.  I never order rare steaks but apparently Drunk Shannon has other ideas but it was delicious in direct proportion to the price  ($6.99.)  SO much toast! My only complaint is that we never got water refills (and I NEEDED water for real) but overall I say Victorian Cafe brings the cheap eats with true Vegas aplomb.
1	Horrible horrible horrible!  Waited 45 min, but the place had plenty of open seats. Only 2 servers that I could see. Waited 15 to get our menus. Ordered the ribs they advertise as 'the best in Vegas'... Disgusting!  Fatty, overcooked, and barely brushed with some nasty concoction they claim is BBQ. Tasted more like syrupy sweet n sour sauce.  I sent it all back and took it off my bill. My husbands steak was fatty and undercooked, and thin.  Don't eat here!
4	It was 1am on Monday morning.  We all had early flights to catch, and we just wanted something cheap and delicious to end another fun trip to Vegas.  Somehow we found ourselves in Bill's Gamblin' Hall because one of our friends could swear they had steak and eggs.  Luckily, they did AND it was only $6.99.  It came with eggs, hash brown, toast, and steak.  Our server (Ervin) was super nice.  Our orders came out just as we wanted them (and we all asked for different ways to cook the eggs and steak).  All-in-all, we left as very happy and full customers!
1	Service was good, food was poor quality and poorly prepared.  Price was to high for the food quality.
1	Maam Waiter took a break while our food got cold. Maybe it was a sign when the "Macho Nacho" was unavailable. The spaghetti and meatballs came out like tomato broth with noodles.
2	After our visit to Pure we were tipsy and hungry so we were brought here. Took forever to be seated, greeted, and feed. Our server was nice but because of it being a graveyard shift they seemed very understaffed. I ordered a Ham & cheese sandwhich which was alright, didn't finish it. Wish we could have found a Dennys which is saying alot.
2	My family wanted to eat a good and cheap Christmas dinner as we were going to hit the buffets the next day. Known for the prime rib and steak and egg specials, Victorian Cafe was our destination that cold Christmas night. We got there around 9:30 PM and although there were a few empty tables, we were seated about ten minutes after we got there. Something about having to wait for the waitress to seat us. Anyway, I scanned the Yelp reviews on what was good, and decided to go with their prime rib special, which is usually $12.99 but on that day, was raised to $13.99. Too bad the steak and egg special is valid only after 11 PM. Each prime rib special comes with a salad or soup and fries, mashed potatoes or a baked potato. And of course, the table gets a basket full of hot rolls and butter. The salad and rolls were delicious, but we all wanted to save our appetites for the prime rib. (We all ordered the same thing, haha). The prime rib comes out a while later, which made us all think that ... man, they must have run out of prime rib, so they're cooking us some good fresh one! When it arrived, each one was pretty darn big. Mine was a little bigger than the size of my hand! Unfortunately, the prime rib tasted really weird. It didn't even taste like meat! I felt like I was chewing on some weird variation of prime rib (almost like a vegetarian prime rib). It tasted like an imitation, and not at all like how prime rib usually tastes. Needless to say, my family and I were all very disappointed. We had to force the prime rib down, and this was the first time we actually had food left on our plates that we did not take back in a to-go box. Good service, good salad and bread, but sucky prime rib! The crust was too salty and the meat was too rubber tasting. We were confused as the meat was pink - not overcooked, but just not tasting the way it should. The ambiance was nice with dim lighting and booth seating (tables as well), but that prime rib was a shame.
3	First off, it's sad that this place will temporarily close in February until who knows when.This place is good for a cheap Steak & Eggs breakfast special from 11pm-6am. Sadly I came here after the special hours were over on 12/30.Service was good.Food, not that great, but not expecting much since it's cheap and they're about to close soon.Ordered the T-Bone Steak & Eggs (Really wanted steak =P)Came with hash browns that didn't taste fresh at all.Eggs were ordered as sunny side up to avoid getting that egg substitute scrambled eggs like my friend got.Overall food was decent, price was reasonable, service was good.
3	$6.99 steak and eggs! Decent steak cooked how you like. Toast is buttered, white bread. Also comes with potatoes and eggs. Clam chowder in a sour dough bread bowl is very good!! Service could be better, don't have high expectations.
2	Ew. The food is okay but the service is what I was not happy with. I'm a morning person but the group I came with were not so the two times I ate here I was alone. And maybe that's why it took about 20 minutes to even come to my table. And both times I felt like I was bothering my server. It wasn't busy at all so there was really no excuse. Try not to waste your money here if you can help it.
3	Sadly this place is no longer open because Bill's Gamblin Hall will be transformed into an ultra chic hotel like the Centurian Tower in Caesars Palace was into the Nobu Hotel.The Cafe was one of the last cheap eats on the strip and I'd walk past it all the time and forget it even existed. My family wanted to eat here because they had an affordable chinese menu and didn't want to pay high prices lunch at one of the bigger hotels. The style of the restaurant is Victorian (1837 - 1901)  thus being called Victorian Cafe with it's stained glass windows and wood paneling. The service was just average and the food was below average, we had the lunch specials that included dessert and was just bland in my opinion. I'd come back for cheap breakfast if the place was still open but not for the below average Chinese Food.  - Farewell Classic Las Vegas -
4	I sincerely miss the 4am steaks and eggs and the era when they served the the best Chinese food on the strip, 24x7. Free meals could be had with a bit of table game action and some friendly banter and haggling with the pit bosses of old. Now, no more.RIP Barbary CoastRIP Victorian Cafe
