4	Actually, this place falls between a 3 and 4 depending on the visit.Along with normal pet supplies, you can also adopt dogs, ducks, various caged birds, bunnies, chinchillas, pea fowl (yes, I did say it), turkeys, quail, roosters, pot bellied pigs, goats, fancy pigeons....and on and on....If you're an animal lover like me, you get mixed feelings going into a store that has pets in cages and boxes.  Pratt's is much better at the showing of animals, big dogs aren't stuffed into kennels meant for teacup chihuahuas, and save for one visit when I saw a parrot picking himself naked, the animals look healthy and happy.If you don't mind the possibility of getting pooped or peed on, you can pick up and pet the silky soft rabbits and the cute little baby ducks.In the back, you can see a white peahen and a couple of multicolored peacocks.Prices are slightly more expensive than say Petsmart, but it's a locally owned small store with lots of animals you can play with.I hate to admit it but I've never bought anything.  I just go there to get my fuzzy animal need out of the system.  They probably see me come in now and think "there goes that crazy girl again making a beeline for the ducks..."The staff is really friendly and don't mind your grubby hands all over their animals.  They currently have a little boxer puppy for sale who seems to like squashing his face all over the glass and making funny faces at you.Almost tempted....but I don't think my cats would appreciate it.
3	Pratt's would be great if you are not really in need of anything specific. {Perfect place to kill time with your 5 year old niece.  They have lots of birds and bird products but not everything . If you are in the market for a peacock , pigeon or parrot you are in the right place. They have the whole baby chick industry all figured out with more chicks than Hef has.  They also have a few exotic pets such as  tortoise , snake, and a pig or two.  But if you really needed a lot of pet supplies this is not your place and they aren't as inexpensive as say the Stock shop or Petco.  Service is a bit sad , the clerks seemed frazzled or bored I couldn't  decide.  We also were told by the clerk to go buy or other pet needs at Petsmart because it would be cheaper. Hmm.
2	Pratt's is a nice local pet store that has a large selection of poultry and rabbits along with a small variety of reptiles and mammals. They also have a large selection of bird supplies.I went to the store looking for reptiles and reptile supplies. They had a few bearded dragons*, some corn snakes and a couple of ball pythons. More impressively they had a large collection of sulcata tortoises. Their tortoises are more expensive than most other local pet stores, but they had a larger selection than most other stores, meaning there is a greater variety to choose from.Behind the store they have an area with chickens, pigeons, pigs and a goat that was very interesting.This store is definitely worth going to just to look around even if you're not interested in buying anything.*EditOn my last visit I couldn't see a bearded dragon that didn't have a physical defect. They had plenty of lizards, but each one had either a missing toe or nub tail. This was in December and I haven't been back since.
5	I love this place.  I bought 3 chickens here; Baby Girl, Caramel and AnnaBelle.  Happy, healthy and living in a full size chicken coop in my backyard (ps, don't tell the city)  I actually got one of the guys over at Pratt's to build me the coop and deliver it for an insanely low price.  E and I go there on weekends just to wander around and play with the baby chicks, the bunnies, the pigs, the puppies, whatever they have at the time.  It's like a mini farm in the downtown Glendale area...I love it!
4	I only frequent this store because they carry my brand of food for both dogs and cats: Taste of the Wild (a high protein- no filler food). When I first arrived here my dog was in desperate need of a nail trim and did not have a current rabies vaccination. The person working the register recommended I contact the other Pratt's location and they were able to take my dog that afternoon.
5	Love this place. Always have experienced good customer service, and been happy with all of my purchases. This place is just awesome to walk around also, they have baby chicks, rabbits, ducks, turkeys, other exotic birds, reptiles... i also find the prices to be fair. I am the owner of 1 cat, 2 dogs, 2 rabbits, 2 chickens. Both of my rabbits and chickens were purchased at Pratt's. Also why would you go to Petsmart or Petco when you could be supporting your local economy and shopping local!
4	This is NOT your typical Pet Store!With that being said, we were impressed when we entered inside to roam around the store. The first thing you notice when entering is all the cages and sounds inside. Today was vaccination day so there were many dogs inside that seemed to wrap around the store. We roamed around and found, turtles, birds, peacocks, baby turkeys, and even baby chicks! I was amazed to see the Peacocks and the Doves - they even had some homing pigeons!Over all we were surprised by the store. Like I said not your typical pet store. If you are in the area please make sure to check them out!
3	I had been to Pratts once before and had a less than stellar experience but you always have to try something twice before you can give a good opinion.So, I called them up in a last ditch effort to get a coop for my chicks.  They had what I needed and at a reasonable price considering coops aren't cheap. I asked if they would hold it for me since I was about 45 minutes away and they did. They delivered it real cheap and were very friendly. Complete opposite of my first visit!I do feel bad for the tortoise they have in the play pool inside the store though....poor thing.
5	Love the New Pratt's Pet and Urban Farm Store.  It used to be a Farm Store in the 50's when Glendale was a small rural farm town.  When I started to go to Pratt's in the 80's they had some pets.  25 years latter, Glendale is no longer a farm town, Pratt's is still here with a make over, a pet store.   The past few years I had been going to the Pratt's off of Grand, it is closer to we're I live.  It was a lot of fun to see the changes, knowing they will be here for years to come.  I gave the 5 stars despite the fact I miss the smell and feeling of a feed store with their black roaster parading up and down the cages of hens.  It was noisy with crowing, cackling, squawking, and canaries singing.  Nostalgia will not keep a business going or pay the bills.   With 60 years as a farm store they are the place to go for urban backyard chickens, and backyard mini farm.  It is your pet store too.  One stop animal care.   I hope they will maintain a staff of farm raised employees to help in the growing popularity of backyard farming (chicken).
5	Have been going to Pratt's spence 1988.  Miss the old feed store.  Glendale is no longer a small farming town.  Like the new Pratt's pet and Urban Farm Store.  They have adopted to the needs of the urban  community.  With their 60 plus years experience Pratt's is the place to go for your Backyard Farm and Pet needs.
2	I feel I should review this "pet store" as only one other person has. I went to pratts looking for a variety of things as I have a variety of animals. I just moved to the area and wanted to give a family owned business a shot before the inevitable Petsmart/Petco. First if all, the staff was all too busy trying to not help me that I actually had to track employees down 3 times to ask questions. They ran away so fast when I was done with one question I couldn't even get out all my questions.  I was looking for aquarium rock and they had nothing. No baby chicks to speak of, and only one sad lonely goat. I couldn't believe how terrible the service was and the selection was just as bad. I will be driving into wickenburg for my feed store needs.
5	Pratt's is more than a pet store, it's a zoo.  I saw the most beautiful turkey here and I think turkeys are hideous but this one was beautiful and all white. Chickens. Emus. Ducks. Turtles. Snakes. Doves. Peacocks. Goats. Parakeets. Rabbits and a chinchilla.  That's all I can think of right now but there's more. Many more.I bought some baby chicks here and they Pratts staff have all been helpful and informative with getting the coop together.  The feed is reasonably priced as well.  Next on the family pet list: finches...then the big tortoise in my pic!
5	I love coming to this place. It has a lot of exotic and farm animals. The place is always clean but you need to remember that its a feed store so there is some dust. Nate the store manager is on the ball and has that place running smooth. I will always shop here
4	We went to Pratt's as I had heard it was a good place to go buy chickens from.   I have to say, it was fun bringing my 4 year old daughter with me as they had quite a few other types of animals to see and she had a blast in the store.   Since this was my first chicken purchase, I was a bit confused on what kind of chickens to buy, but I have to say, that the sales guy was awesome.  I wish I could remember his name as he was very helpful and informative.   I read some of the other reviews on here before posting and noticed a mixture of bad and good.   I didn't experience any of the bad but I know sometimes that comes with the person you work with in the stores..    I will be using them again.
