5	Wonderful slow-roasted pork, spare ribs, chicken, hot links and beef. A & K does things a bit different than traditional, slow-cooked BBQ, such as using a hotter-burning fire, and using thicker cuts of meat.The sauce here is simple ("clean" they call it) and not too sweet or too spicy. The skin-on home fries are also yummy.
4	Warning:  Do not wear a white shirt.Continuing to scour the valley for Chicago food, I stumbled on A&J.  *stares at sign*"Chicago Style Bar B Q"   hmmm.  I lived in Chicago almost my entire life, and I have no idea what this means.  I've heard of Chicago style hot dogs, pizza and beef and KC & Memphis style BBQ, but never Chicago style BBQ.  First thing you notice are the smells- Oh the glorious smells- that hit you from the parking lot.  It's a pretty simple place, really.  Slow cooked pork, beef, chicken and ribs.  Take your pick, it'll be slathered in tasty BBQ sauce.
4	I really love the BBQ Ham, and the hot links.  Tasty stuff, no frills, just good food.
5	A&J is the bomb. How have I never written a review for this place is a carnivorian conundrum, given that I have been a customer since the mid 90's. The links are juicy and delicious. The rib tips and ribs - superb. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The prices are very reasonable, too. It's a pretty no-frills strip-mall location... but you aren't going for the ambiance. You are going for the smoked meaty treats. The beans and cole slaw are smokin' too, and the owner and employees are are friendly.OMGLOLBBQ I love A&J.
4	The BBQ Pork sandwich was so good, I finished one and ordered another.
1	They tried to cover up dry, bland food with an excess of sauce. Perhaps that is the point of Bar-B-Q, but it didn't impress me at all. The "dinner rolls" were cold rolls wrapped in plastic wrap and the salad came with a package of blue cheese dressing. Basically it was dry, cheap meat covered in BBQ sauce served with hospital cafeteria sides. Perhaps that is what "Chicago Style" means. Whatever the case, I wont be back.
1	I don't know what "Chicago style" bar-b-q is, but if A&J's really serves it, I don't like it. The restaurant smells very good so I had high hopes.  However, the meat did not look very appetizing and tasted very dry.  The sauce is very, very thin, which I don't like. Sadly, I won't be going back.
2	Stopped in here while checking out a few places around the 16th and Glendale/Bethany area.This was about 2pm on a Sat afternoon. There was one person in there camped out reading a news paper and the rest of the joint was empty. This place has plenty of seating to support a lunch/dinner rush although I have a feeling its unlikely that it happens often.The place did smell amazing. They had this enclosed smoker out in the middle of the ordering area. It was kind of cool to see the meat there smoking away.Sadly I was unable to eat anything but luckily I had my roommate along. He has learned that when I say I'm going on a food exploration adventure that its a really BAD idea to skip it.He ordered the rib snack which was three pork ribs and a piece of bread for $5-7. This seemed a bit outrageous to me price wise.The ribs came out in a paper lined fry type cardboard box. It was in a small pool of sauce.I stole a few bites so I could write this. The meat was a very different texture. Best I can guess would be what another yelper wrote about it cooking quicker on a hotter fire. It was much less tender and had more of a spongy texture. I would venture to guess that these ribs has seen a freezer somewhere along the way from butcher to smoker.The sauce.. blah.. I would describe it as tomato puree with minimal seasoning. Low sodium tomato soup! that's the closest comparison I can think of.
