4	Wow holy hell it was hot. Very fitting for this event. I seriously underestimated how the heat was going to effect me. Just goes to show, doesn't matter how long you have lived here, you never get used to it! Overall I thought the event was very organized and ran pretty smoothly, nice buses shuttling people back and forth, check in went smoothly (I forgot my ID in the car and I was grilled on some questions and they were kind enough to let me go) only thing is port-a-potty's ran out of tp and soap and water pretty early, but with that amount of people, to be expected. All the start times went off without a problem. Was kinda disappointed in the obstacles, don't really know what I was expecting, but I thought they were easy and kinda silly, there was a lot of hills and empty space in between good for trail running, brought me back to HS cross country days, except I'm old an slower now, in fact I'm writing this review while soaking my ankle in espom salt, I rolled it on one of the many rocks. All in all, was a fun event, loved the clever medal with the beer bottle opener on it. One free beer at the end (thanks for having options and not just bud light) showers were great, food trucks, volunteers, etc. Now I need rehydration!
4	What most people call hell, Rambo calls home.This is definitely a fun event and I'm glad I signed up and did it. And I'm glad I went in costume because that really added to the fun. My Rambo costume was a hit with the crowd. It was a random choice, but everyone knew what it was and a shit ton of people took their pics with me so that was fun. Most of the course was set up and executed very well. The workers and volunteers were all on their game and very nice. The course was clearly labeled from start to finish. And all the beer and food vendors were there to serve the masses pretty timely. But there were a few things I would've changed to make it a 5 star event thou.While I am glad a lot of people took interest in it and signed up, I think there were just too many people. I wish they'd cap the allowed number of participants, because there were many times on the course where I had to just stand and wait for the crowds to move. On multiple obstacles I ended up wasting minutes of time just baking in the sun as 100 slow pokes held up the crowd. It also made finding friends in the social area a freaking nightmare! Out of the dozen people I knew that were attending, I was able to find a whopping amount of zero.My biggest complaint is the lack of mud. I need mud dammit! I wanted a post-run pic of a mud covered Rambo. Maybe even a cut here and there with some dried blood. But no mud equals no post-war look...boo! And the obstacles that were there could've used a steroid shot in the ass to make them a bit more extreme...I was expecting to be Running with the Devil on the Highway to Hell.Hopefully they make a few changes in the future. I think much more mud, less people, more extreme obstacles, and moving the event to March or April here in Vegas would make this an overwhelming 5 star event.
3	A few things -- there's a critical period in the boulder city/las vegas area where the weather is just right for an event like this. I know its hard to gauge too far in advance if the ARCTIC WINDS WILL WHIP THE CHAP OFF YOUR FACE, but I think its safe to say this years weather was overwhelming. And on the day the "devil made us do it," the wind made us regret it. It looks like last year was too hot in May, this year was freezing in March.  I'm going to tell you that I just completed my first marathon 6 days before this 5k. I was scared that i would be in pain, but overall it was a good decision. There were a lot of people who walked the long stretches, but there were spaces you could pass them if you really wanted to. Then I'm gong to tell you that this quick jaunt around the trails in boulder city was only fun because of the people I was with. If you're considering this event, GO WITH A TEAM. Next, I will tell you that it was a HUGE CLUSTERFUCK of people trying to check-in, and the line moved more slowly for certain lines, which sucked double-time because it was COLD.  I think Devil Dash could have put their alphabetical signs UP, so that the crowd could self select the line that they belonged in. Yelling out the alphabetical assignments occasionally was not going well when multiple waves of people were trying to check in. Finally, I will gripe about how the actual obstacles were only loosely connected to the seven deadly sins, but I'm not quite sure how much more I could've expected. The best part was the slip-n-slide downhill. Get a running start. You're welcome. This was my first obstacle run, and I'm glad I got to experience it. The course was clear and easy to follow. There were a few well-equipped aid/water stations, but if you hydrate the night before and a few hours prior, you shouldn't have a giant need to stop. There are bundles of people that slow down for the tables, and that can be a bit much if you're running for time. Gear check pre-event was relatively quick. But OH GIRRRRL - don't expect a quick pickup afterwards!  This was THE WORST, because by then, my nuts had frozen and my fingertips were so cold, they burned. The volunteers looked overwhelmed, and I was eventually invited in the back to find my own bags. It's good if you remember what color your stuff was. The wind was REDONK. The mud was disguised as brown ice-cold water. I wanted to crawl inside of the car heater immediately afterwards. Perhaps a happy medium would be mid-April? I'm just saying. Oh, and parking was $10. You'll want to pay that after to get to your car without going crazy. In short, the cold was hell. I guess it lived up to its name.
4	this was a great event. The obstacles were super fun and the actual running part was difficult. Its a rough terrain if you're not a professional 5k'er, which i'm not but I managed to make it. The only reason this race didn't get 5 stars was primarily because of the weather. I know they have no control over the weather but several of the obstacles were water based and it was just far too cold along with the wind to even want to attempt some obstacles. Additionally the process for getting your bags post event was a bit of a cluster. No signage so many people were unsure which area to get into and wasted time in the bag drop off line versus the pick up... if you were dry.. minor inconvenience. If you were wet.. holy shmoly it was no bueno.. Great race, great concept. I will def do it again next year. If its in March again, I'll wear a wetsuit so I can really enjoy the obstacles!
4	hmmmmmmm....I was so far from ready for this. hahaha! Some of the obstacles were quite challenging for me. The mud lake, the crawling under barbwire, and the running! The running just killed me! I would suggest you get your conditioning up to par for this event because there's lots of running and hill climbing to do. I've heard this is cake compared to Tough Mudder and Spartan but at 95 pounds, 5'1, this was hard. However, with all that being said; this was extremely fun! The more people in your group, the better. Fun, Fun, Fun!!! Can't wait to do this again.
