1	The bartender was rude, she didn't say thank you, or smiled. 2 drinks that we order she didn't specify which one was which, will not go there again. Don't waste your time or money going there. Worst service ever!
3	nice intimate bar at the Container Park, I ordered the Dark n Stormy which was very good, exactly how I like it.  The girl standing next to me asked me what I ordered so I told her and recommended it to her.  When she got her drink I asked her how she liked it but she said it was too strong.  When we compared our glasses, her drink was much darker than mine and probably needed more ginger beer.  I was lucky with the bartender who made me mine.  After paying for 2 drinks, and deciding to walk around the Park a little, the bill after tip was about $20 which is about strip prices.  They have a few beers on tap, nothing that really caught my eye and a full bar.  They also had $3 snacks on the menu which were not available for ordering yet (Grand Opening of the Container Park is Dec. 5 I believe.)  I asked the bartender what the snacks would be and she said it would be nuts and beef jerky.  Nice bar if you're waiting to meet up with friends as it's small (inside a shipping container) so you can't miss each other.  Bar holds about 10-15 seats.
5	This place is so cool!  Downtown just keeps getting better all the time!
1	Bad atmosphere - super chilly staff - not sure how this place can survive when compared to the better service at the other establishments at the Container Park.
3	Decent little bar located within the Container Park.  I'm not one to get all googly-eyed just because a place is new in a trendy new spot downtown.  Let's break it down to the basics here.  It's a small bar in a storage container.  There's one TV with a cable box below it.  The sound system consists of a Bose Wave Radio, wow.  The place seats about 12 at the bar plus a decent selection of tables outside on the patio overlooking the stage and playground.  "There you go little Stevie, go play in the tree house while Pappa hits the sauce".  Service was decent, not great despite the bar being at 25% capacity.  For those following along, that's 3 patrons.  The specialty menu was OK, nothing too out of the ordinary or craft-worthy that I could see. They had a Harvey Wallbanger on the specialty menu...folks that's a classic from the 1950's!  A Harvey Wallbanger is a Screwdriver with a splash of Galliano; you're not winning any awards with this one. The cherry on top?  Some dude, maybe the manager, maybe the owner, ramped up the house lights above the bar to full 100% while we were sitting there...3 hours prior to closing.  I could have sworn I heard Semisonic playing from the Bose radio at that very instance but it may have been in my head.All in all it's a decent spot to walk up, grab a drink and be on your way.
3	Pretty small bar in Container Park that will benefit big time when it gets warmer since they have outdoor tables and a balcony on the second floor that I plan on lounging at in April.  But when it's freakin 28 degrees on a Wednesday evening in December, I am only here to DRAAAANK!!You go right in through the sliding doors and there's the bar and seats.  That's it.  They don't offer a happy hour but they do have some interesting concoctions.  I went with what I thought was the oddest one called "Alkyhol Dikshunary" for $10.  Not sure who the crazy scientist in their lab is but I now know what a mix of whiskey, Miller Lite, lemon juice, simple syrup and egg white taste like together.  First one tastes like the feeling I get when my football team makes a field goal.  Two of them got me feeling pretty decent.  I would consider doing the Ickey Shuffle after 3.
4	Went back for a second time to get the Irish coffee on a cold late afternoon.  The place was empty and there for the service was great.   The bartender was engaging and extremely knowledgeable about whiskey and even gave us some pointers about how to have a better experience and enjoy the whiskey properly.   The place itself is small  but let's not forget that it is inside a sea container but the patio during the afternoon is delightful and make a great perch to watch the playground.   The Boozery is the ONLY BAR IN LAS VEGAS that serves products from our very own Las Vegas Distillery!!!      So go enjoy this unique bar in the very unique setting of container park....
2	It was a nicely appointed small bar. The drink menu offerings were promising, but reality didn't follow through. Ordered dark and stormy that was light on rum. Proportions aught to be 1 to 1 with ginger beer. Then the ginger beer tasted more like ginger ale - no ginger zing. Didn't ruin my night, but didn't help it either.
5	The bartenders here are all friendly, quite humorous, and pretty knowledgeable. The Irish Coffee is amazeballs... Especially if you add shot of fireball. I could sit here (and have) for hours and have fun and interesting convos with the staff. Definitely worth stopping by.... Make sure you have time to stay awhile, because you won't want to leave. David, Zachary, Veronica-- BOMB.COM-- They sling drinks quick and with efficiency. If you get to know them, they are a good time. They even have beautiful cocktail waitresses roaming the downstairs and upstairs tables making it easy to chill with your group and get awesome service.
4	Stopped here for a drink. The bartender made me one of his specialty rum drinks. It was delicious!
2	The Boozery is situated in a perfect spot for grabbing a cold one and watching the live music stage at Container Park.  There are few tables along the porch, table seating on the roof, and a tiny bar inside with stools.  All outdoor seating has overhead heating for cool evenings.  They have a small, but nice beer and drink variety, but the problem lies in their scalability.  Most of their cocktails require quite a bit of labor, and with 1 bartender and a couple of servers, it is simple economics that a short labor supply can not keep up with customer demand.  It wasn't even that busy when we visited around 5pm on a Saturday, but service was very slow.  We ordered a round of beers from the server at an upstairs table, which took about a half hour to arrive.  We attempted to get another round, but after an hour of trying upstairs we decided to approach the bar.  The only bartender was busting her butt mixing drinks as fast as she could, unable to even grab a draft beer.  Unfortunately the only thing they can do to fix the problem is staff 2 bartenders because that's about the max that could work productively behind the tiny bar.
3	We watched a sissy fight here. I was embarrassed for those involved. This place is small. One small bar, some tables and chairs outside. Their drink menu is limited for a "boozery".They don't have glasses, just cups. I've never drank wine from a plastic cup at a bar before. The enjoyment of swirling and smelling before drinking wine was taken away from me - very dramatic, I know.Alkyhol Dikshunary and Irish coffee (whiskey drinks) were fine. I could probably drink Irish coffee every morning.Our bartender was funny. She told us about the drama happening in front of us. For the most part, this place was alright. Nothing special. Boo-zery!
3	There is nothing really exciting about the Boozery, which is disappointing for it's location. The bar itself is pretty small but they are able to accomodate more with outside seating. It has a nice ambiance inside but the small size of the place cramps the style a bit. They have very limited special drink menu with your average Freemont street drink prices ($7-$10).The Boozery is just your average downtown bar. Nothing to complain about, but also nothing to brag about.
2	The only thing going for The Boozery is location.  Want a drink while at the Container Park?  No outside alcohol means you're drinking here.  Cocktails are $9-$10, beers are $5-$6, and seating is limited (though you can take your drink with you around Container Park; you'll have to finish it before leaving).  The drinks weren't terrible, but they were nothing special.  Staff is friendly and nice to chat with, so there's that.I'd much rather head west on Fremont a block or two and get cheaper drinks that are of higher quality.
3	This is cool bar in the container park. It's got a decent beer list and some good cocktails. You can take beer and wine around the park with you, but not cocktails. There is some seating inside and outside for enjoying your libations. And there's even a menu where you can order food from the other establishments around the container park.The cocktails we ordered were tasty. But the service was less than friendly. Had the staff been of the friendlier, nicer variety, this would definitely be a 4-star spot.
5	Alcohol dictionary. Sooooooo good! Prices were better for drinks than bin 702 and the cocktails were delish! ! I'll definitely be back to try some more specialty cocktails. The only downfall is not being able to take the cocktails out of the bar area...Beer can go. Weird but at least there was a heat lamp near our table.  Good spot to people watch.  I went after the shops closed so it was pretty quiet but still a good spot to grab a drink!
5	Cool bar at the new Downtown Container Park. Reasonable prices - especially compared to bin 702 (the only other bar in Container Park). Beer and wine are fine to roam around the park, and they have a decent selection. I'm not a beer or wine drinker, but they had a pear cider that was delicious! The only smoking area in the park is above the Boozery, but it doesn't smell smoky or anything.
4	This review is for just drinks only ... which is fine because that's all you are going to get at the aptly-named Boozery. The Boozery is a small bar with an outside seating area in Downtown Container Park. The menu is beer, wine, booze, and more booze. Prices here are a bit more reasonable compared to the other bar in DTCP, bin 702, which is more of a wine bar than a full service bar. They do have some selection of wine, but if you're looking to get fancy in that category they'll recommend you try bin 702 across the way. Being the beer nerd that I am, my focus was on their local craft brew selection. Outside of Stella, all of their brews are from local craft breweries, mainly from Tenaya Creek and Joseph James Brewing Company, although I believe they had one selection from Sin City Brewing. My plan was to just have one beer before heading out of DTCP - but if you are going to have just one, make it count - so I went with the strong but tasty Joseph James Red Fox Imperial Stout. I saw some complaints about the beer prices and, yes, you can get some great locally brewed beer from Chicago Brewing or Triple 7 just down the street for a fraction of the price. But the $6 price tag is what I am used to paying, and cheaper than I saw the same beer at another nearby establishment. The bottom line - unless you are a wine geek, The Boozery is your best option for getting your drink on in DTCP.
5	Cool spot in container park! Small, intimate, great bartenders. Extremely friendly, great size pours! Will be back when in the area!
3	Now this is cool, a nice small place for a group of people to hang out and relax.Now I say that, I think it's more of a place where you can watch your kids roam around  like nutters while you can sit in the sun and have a cold one!I went out on an evening with a group of friends to start our night! Great staff and nice place to start your downtown experience.The only negative I could think of was the plastic cups, i understand why they do it because of the clean up factor and childrens playground next to it but after 8 I think maybe glasses would be the way to go
2	Boozery has a great view of the stage.  The drinks are pricy, for a gin & tonic, a screw driver and a Heffinwieter the cost was $27.00 that's in plastic cups and no garnishes.     Seems like either they are trying get rich on every drink or the overhead is way to much.    It's a shame it has great potential as a business. We will be back to container park for the food and music, just NOT for the Booz from Boozery!   Very pricy for what you get!  The beer at the BQ joint is cheaper.
4	The dude who runs the place knows his shit! He carried on a conversation with us while making like 40 drinks; it was like Cocktail up in there! Really nice guy. I didn't like the beer I had (calico brown) but I'm sure they have something else that may have resonated with my palate. They only have a few beers on tap, but I heard their cocktails are the bomb, too. I really hope this place doesn't shut down like an article I just read said! The only downfall I see is that you pay $6 for a pretty small cup of beer. They need to get bigger cups. :p
5	Such care is taken to make sure your cocktail is as fantastic as it can be!The social chemists here will have you coming back for more!Pinto & Keith behind the bar along with Kristi & Carolyn serving you...pure ecstasy!
2	It is a nice little hole but the bartender sure is full of himself for a guy who didn't wash his hands in the bathroom. Maybe it's a hipster thing I don't get but I know I won't drink there again.
5	Now called the "Oak & Ivy" - an American Whisky Bar. About 40 assorted whiskies. Very, very nice cocktails. 6 great beers on tap. A small selection of AMAZING beers in bottles.Tonight, I am enjoying a Firestone "Stickee Monkee" - FABULOUS!This joint is on my (short) list of places to visit whenever I am in Vegas.
