3	do not fear this yellow and red striped hut, right here in Mesa's hood :)Rolberto's has some pretty good stuff going for it.. their Carnitas is more traditional, and flavorful, than similar establishments.. their pico, and guacamole are really awesome, totally homemade.. (tasting, at least).. It's not the BEST taco stand in town, but it does the trick, especially if you live nearby.  This is a walk up, cash-only, 24 hour, outdoor seating, or drive thru kinda place..
5	My friends and I found ourselves venturing for food in Mesa right before a concert. We had decided on the trip up to stop at Adrian's because it looked like a dive we'd love. When got there, Adrian's was closed (I think for good?), so it was back on the road for some impromptu decisions. As we were nearing Mesa Amphitheatre, one friend yelled out, "Turn left here!" And so we did as we pulled into the parking lot at Rolbertos. My first impression, perfect. Rolbertos is nothing but a very small building consisting of an order window and a kitchen with a small patio to the side, the quintessential dive. Their menu is off to the side by the street on what looks like a drive-thru menu board. They have combo plates, individual orders, sides, and drinks. Out of everything they had, 2 tacos stood out to me: the lengua and the cabeza. As a newbie in the Southwest, I had yet to try these two meats, and I knew that Rolbertos would be the first. The 4 of us ordered, and our dishes came out at the same time with a relatively short wait time. After we took our first bites, we all agreed that we made an awesome decision in stopping here. It was exactly what you would want from a place like this. Even though I've never had lengua or cabeza before, I knew that they were out of this world! Good thing I don't live in Mesa, or I would be eating here every day of the week!
5	5 stars, to offset my unduly low 3 star review from last year.. ROLBERTO'S TAKES CREDIT CARDS!!!!!! NO MORE HAVING TO HIT THE ATM FIRST! HOLLER!! ALSO, now that I've fully fallen into the dark world of tacos, Rolberto's has some of the ABSOLUTE BEST Carnitas, and Adobada in the area... Where as most similar places of this type serve an obviously processed, previously frozen iteration of carnitas and adobada, Rolberto's seems far more genuine and homemade. Also, it's very much a family owned/operated type place, and I just love the hell out of it!!! So glad it's so close to my house!
4	Best Tacos will defiantly be going back. The price is right too!
5	This is my go to fast Mexican food place.  They are open late, always friendly and have good fresh food.  I've never gotten anything bad here.   No inside seating so I usually go through the drive-thru in summer months but when it is cooler the patio is nice.  Light rail construction is finishing up in front of them which has had to hurt their business but now it is easy to get in and out.  Their prices are very reasonable as well.
5	Best fast Mexican in Mesa! It looks a little rough around the edges, but the food is amazing and the service is great. We grab Rolberto's about once a week, and I've never tried anything that wasn't delicious.
