5	I have bought my last five or so pair of running shoes from this store, and I'm always pleased with how helpful and knowledgeable their staff is.  Have yet to be disappointed in the service or the quality of shoes.
3	Pretty Empty place, but had a good deal on chairs for tailgate season.
3	Came here a few times before and was quite frankly not impressed. The store is a little outdated. For such a large store they really don't have that many employees on staff.  I waited in the sneaker isle for help for ten minutes and nobody came over to assist me. However the store does have a nice variety and selection which makes up for the lack of assistance. I would most likely return just because of its proximity to my house, other than that nothing else really wowed me about this store.
2	The employees were nice, but the store seemed SO empty!  They really don't have a lot of product at all, and their disc golf selection...while better than Sports Chalet's was this weekend, was pretty dismal.They seem to have more clothing than actual sporting equipment.  Not a fan.  I don't plan to return.
4	After not finding what I was looking for at Dick's I came here.  Their selection of women's cleats was about the same but the difference is they actually had sizes in stock.  Sean, the salesperson, actually brought out additional styles then I even requested and price matched the pair I selected to Dick's.  Only a $5 difference but I'll take it.  They had a huge sale pad in the center of the store with some items marked up to an additional 40% off.  I found a couple workout pants for $10 each.  They are moving to the old Sport's Chalet location on Marks Street next to Costco so that large of a sales pad is not the norm, I was told.  This store isn't as fancy as Dick's and not as organized but the customer service is better in my opinion.  And the selection of workout clothing was good.  I only really look at my faves, Nike and Under Armour mostly.  If you're looking for some deals might be worth checking out in the next few weeks before they close.  They also have a Yelp check in deal but it doesn't apply to sale items.
