3	This community is very unreliable.  They have had many yelp pages and continue to create new yelp pages. I had neighbors complain about roaches in their apartments and ask me if I had any.  Though in my experience it has been relatively bug free (but then again I'm neater than most).Appliances are constantly breaking and I'm not home to have maintenance come help.  I do it myself because I'm handy and know how to.  Maintenance can come when I'm not home.  However there was a security risk during the time I lived here due to robberies. (From what I heard) In general I don't like people in my house when I'm not there.  There was a security meeting with the police to better ensure our safety and code changes on the community gate.  Although there have been so many problems with the gate and constant maintenance. THE WALLS ARE THIN! I could hear everything around me. My neighbor whenever she uses her cutting board in the kitchen I can hear it.  The tenant that was above me with his large dog I could hear them run around the apartment constantly.  I COULD HEAR HIS PHONE ON VIBRATE WHEN IT WAS ON HIS NIGHT STAND!  There is always noise coming from the park across the street and cars driving at night that you can hear.The plumbing was not done by a professional in my opinion.  Whenever I turn on the air conditioning loud gurgling noises come from my bathroom sink.  The appliances may look fancy, but they seem to have poor quality except the Kitchen. The kitchen is amazing. The kitchen is the only reason I like this place.  My boyfriend is a brilliant chef and he loves the kitchen.  In general the floor plan is incredibly spacious. Management is irritating to deal with.  I was on a camping trip and just so happened to have cell phone service, received an email saying that they had misplaced my leasing information and needed me to find it for them or they were going to kick me out.  I had already been living in the community under a year lease for several months and they were ready to evict me because of their disorganization.  That was the last straw for me.  I was planning on staying in this community for 3 more years. The neighbors on my floor were also extremely hostile to one of my old neighbors and myself until my other neighbor left.  I don't' have proof of it because I never reported anything.OVERALLI am very indifferent to this place.  There were some good things and bad.  I didn't mention much of the good because well its personal preferences that I liked, for example almost no college kids and no loud parties.  Which is the main reason I wanted to live here. P.S. There was a management change during the time I stayed here, the new management seems to be more improved but not significantly.
5	Camden Sotelo has been a great apartment complex since moving in. I have lived here for a year now and have had  great experiences from the leasing office. Service requests are answered promptly, and lease issues resolved competently.Albert in the leasing office has been a trusted point of contact for me with Camden and has provided great service day in and day out. Recommended to any intrested apartment seekers.
1	To sum up living here, which I have for some time and under multiple management teams and even two owners, this is a proving ground for Camden staff. The last two, Sabrina(completely untrustworthy and constantly saying one thing and then another the next time you talked) and Albert (super nice but had no actual power to make any difficult decisions) were promoted to larger complexes because of how they ran this small one. As I observed that was by penny pinching, making no concessions, fluctuating rental prices so that renewals ended up paying hundreds more on the same unit as a move-in, etc. It seems that the new management group is on the same track. They decided, with 24 hours notice to the residents, to kick all the cars out of the secured garages and above ground parking to a parking lot open to the public behind the complex. They assured me that security would be there till midnight (never mind the remaining six hours of darkness) and that was "already extra time". Are you kidding me? They also said this was a "good neighborhood". Uh....no. It is far from a secure and good neighborhood and even in the secure parking there have been repeated break-ins over the time I have lived here. They could have done a section of the complex at a time and had it dry within the confines of an early morning to an evening and the cars could have been locked in again at night but anything to save a buck and try and impress the cheapo higher-ups of the Camden world. This is just a prime example of the continued difficulty living here. If I didn't have just a few months left in Az, I would move, and I HATE to move, it takes a lot to get to that point for me. Camden Sotelo has hit it. I have never, in my 14yrs of apartment living in three states, dealt with such a self serving company, that's also saying something when it comes to apartment living. (Btw, third yelp page too since I've lived here-see how long this one lasts)
2	Things started out very nicely at Camden Sotelo.  Apartments are nice.  Spacious floor plans, decent appliances and underground parking.  Directly under the Sky Harbor flight path (but we knew that before leasing).  After a change in staff and a new school semester starting, things went downhill quickly for us.  Litter became a problem in the parking area and cigarette butts were frequently found in the common area.  The elevator also was vandalized with all signage (including no smoking sign) being pulled off the walls.  If your neighbors are smokers, you will smell the smoke in the hallways.  Opted to pay out to leave lease early and move to an apartment that was more family friendly and completely non-smoking.
1	Would not recommend living here. The leasing process is quick and easy making the complex and all its amenities appealing; however, that is not the case after living there. The staff changes regularly and is unreliable. Account balances were disorganized and lack of communication between tenants and the staff caused late payments. I would not recommend living here, it is over priced anyways.
