5	Oh this is going to be *trouble*...Listen, shoppers, I grew up in the 'burbs of Chicago only to move to the city after college graduation. And you know what? I still went back to the 'burbs to visit Nordstrom Rack. So there. I like a great deal but I also like nice things. They make me feel all warm and toasty inside. That's why I was SO excited when I read an article last year that mentioned Nordstrom Rack was on its way to Charlotte. And this store did not disappoint in the least. Really friendly service and I also hear they have an on-site tailor too! Sweet. Some highlights for you from opening day...-Women's clothing: Some swanky brands! Milly, Alice & Olivia, more high end jeans than you could ever want (most price $69-$105), Kate Spade, BCBG, Joie and more. They also offer plus sizes!-Women's handbags: Fantastic selection with brands like Michael Kors, Marc Jacobs, B Makowsky, Rebecca Minkoff, etc. I saw everything from wallets to supersized bags. -Men's clothing: It's there. Hubs said there were some great deals on suits, shirts, ties and casual wear. Dudes - go check it out for yourself. -Shoes: Nordstrom's original feature from way back in the day. At this Rack you'll find rows and rows and rows of all sorts of footwear. From designer pumps to athletic shoes in all types of sizes, too - Women's: 4-13, Men's: 7-16 and they have a section for the kiddos too. No more crying that you can't find affordable shoes in your size. It's a good thing that I have to drive a (short) distance to get here otherwise this could get really ugly, really quickly. Enjoy and happy shopping!
5	Oh Boy, this place is going to be trouble (for me). I have been here twice already and they have only been open for 4 days.If you are a shop-a-holic, well you will not be able to recover from this store and you should seek help, this place is dangerous.For starters, it seems that this store will single handedly kick-start the economy as the store is absolutely packed full of customers, and the working staff is located throughout the entire store, and every register is open.  The "Nordstrom Rack" store is a smaller version of the Nordstrom's located at Southpark Mall. I was able to find many of the same items for far much less than the mall location and the staff was very friendly and courteous.You will need to be a little patient as the store is very crowded and the dressing rooms and checkouts each had very long lines.  They are very well organized and these folks definitely planned for the traffic.   As you are in line, just look at the cashiers waving the colored flags to let you know that they are ready to take your money. (Not only at Disney does the money flow so freely from the wallets)Just an FYI-If you apply /approved for a credit card, and spend over $100.00, you will receive a $20.00 Gift card by mail. They also offer a point system for using their Nordstrom card. Good luck on your shopping, and as a courtesy, I have added a few photos.NCFoodGuy
2	Maybe it was the post-opening slump (I have no idea how long it has been open, but it was decently crowded) or maybe I set my expectations too high above racks of Juicy Couture and Michael Kors - but I wasn't really impressed. (granted I do hail from the land of outlet malls in florida, but this was no where near par)The accessories section is nice, I have to admit. A good selection of the contemporary Juicy/Betsey Johnson/Lucky jewelry, a lot of sunglasses, hats, scarves, etc. The bags were down to pretty much Betseyville, Kooba, and brand names unheard of. The women's had burberry, milly, bcbg, d&g, and free people - but not very much of each. There were a lot of jeans, but mostly the same two or three styles. Seas of track pants and other Juicy pieces, a lot of MICHAEL michael kors, and a lot of no-name junior racks... a fair amount of Spanx and intimates.I have faith in the shoe department- it currently is showing potential, especially with some of the brands displayed (including seychelles, which I love). And it is large enough to accommodate some seriously slashed prices, so I will be checking in on that.  Maybe they just weren't expecting to be hit so hard? Maybe in a few weeks they'll have restocked and filled in (there seemed to be a lot of empty space for a Nordstrom rack), and maybe then I'll actually be able to find a sales girl who wants to help me on the floor? (the ones "available" clearly did not want to be bothered) But this is a step in the right direction for Charlotte, especially when compared to that disaster of an off 5th in Concord.
4	Love shopping at Nordstrom near my Monrovia, CA home.  They do have good stuff.  Really like the customer service.  Bought a jacket for over $300.- years ago for a friend as Christmas gift.  Yet never been able to give him as he's gone for service.  Last year, I went to Nordstrom in Charlotte and asked if I could get some sort of credit as the box was not even opened. They took it back with no question asked and give me a full refund.Last month, so happy to receive a email abt the grand opening of Nordstrom Rack here near Charlotte.  Once I returned from oversea trip last week, couldn't wait to go to have a look.  Love it...Sometimes, need a little luck to find my size as they are kind of outlet with limited availability.  Not a problem as the price is good.  Enjoy shopping, my friends.
2	I couldn't wait to check this place out but I must admit I was really disappointed.  Didnt really see anything that got my attention, what I did look at was either size 2 or size 14 (I'm a size 4) and prices are still up there.  A plain, lightweight blue sweater (no buttons, no bling) was $79.00
5	Oh, happy day - I think I've just found my new favorite store in Charlotte! Tons of parking, not very busy on a weeknight, and a HUGE selection.I've been looking forward to the opening of Nordstrom Rack since hearing about it in the paper last year. It's been so crazy with work that last night was the first time I was able to visit, and I was in no way disappointed. This store has it all (and at the right price for a deal hound such as myself). Designer jeans galore (Seven for Mankind, Paige, Hudson, etc), a plethora of cute dresses for any occasion, a ton of accessories, and the shoe section...oh the shoe section...unbelieveable. There was even a decent sized men's section.I went in to find a dress and floppy hat to wear to the Queen's Cup this weekend, and left with two dresses, a belt and a hat for just under $100. What a deal!  Wish it were closer, but at the same time, I'm glad it isn't, as it would become a serious problem for my budget.
5	Currently the reigning Duchess of this place, I LOOOOVVVE me some Rack! Everytime I can, I swing by here because it's just a fun, high quality surprise every time I walk through those wonderful automated doors.From Kors to Burberry to Juicy to Coach to Nike to Lacoste, they've got EVERYTHING. I've found their handbag, dresses, and shoes selection to be amazing. The ultra fun part is that the merch is always changing, so each time you come in you'll see a lot of different items. Prices are great and you can look at each tag and see the savings!They also sell undergarments, perfume/colgne and athletic wear, in addition to men, women, and children clothing, shoes, handbags and accessories (sunglasses, jewelry, hats).Try it out - and prepare to spend!
4	I was so excited to this that this place was opening. Not wanting to get trampled in the stampede, I waited until the second day to check it out. The men's selection isn't bad...it's all the way at the back of the store, nestled between children's and shoes. I'm a Ben Sherman type of guy and see it occasionally there (so hard to find in Charlotte)!  I've been to the Nordstrom Rack (randomly) in Austin, TX and this men's section seems to be a little bit smaller. It's very hit or miss...which can be a good or bad thing for your wallet. If you're looking for what's in the actual Nordstrom now, you're not going to find it...possibly in the future but who is willing to take that risk?! I would give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the employees being pushed to ask "would you like to open up a Nordstrom store credit charge?" Plus, this shopping center is hell. How poorly designed! Traffic can be a nightmare and I wish the Rack was a little closer to Uptown...le sigh.
4	Didn't realize this was here until the other day.  It's a nice place - store is really super clean and organized and you can find some good sale items.  I didn't spend too much time here, but I saw some decent items.  Ended up not buying anything, but I will save it for the next trip out here.  I can see where people can go nuts in this store.
3	While I hate these kind of hit or miss kind of stores, the Rack is easy to find, easy to shop and easy to drop a wad of cash.  I'm disappointed in their selection of purses, but if you have small feet like I do, it's a slice of heaven.  Never seen so many size 5 1/2 shoes in one place in my lifetime.  Take a chance on Nordstom Rack if you have plenty of time to shop.
5	"OHMIGOSH NORDSTROM RACK IS COMING TO CHARLOTTE! WE ARE NEVER MOVING, OKAY HONEY? NE-VER!"This was no exaggeration. If you've read my Southpark Nordie's review, you'll know I'm a fan of their customer-service oriented culture. Now slash prices by 30-percent or more on a daily basis, you've got yourself a retail party. I should preface this review by saying yes.  It is indeed hit-or-miss like a TJ Maxx or Marshalls store. The inventory can be pretty random. But your odds of finding something fabulous for a good deal are way higher than these discount chains.  In addition to past season items, some is overstock from actual Nordstrom retail stores.  I've seen bras and loungewear selling for $78 at the Southpark store, selling for $24 at the Rack.  I found a $300 cashmere Milly cardigan from a past season for $80.  A Dolce Gabanna denim skirt I would never pay $265 for, at just $49. (Prices are approximate since I don't remember the exact dollar amount, but you get my drift.) A Lucy brand workout tank I bought for my sister-in-law for about $50 at the real Lucy store was a crazy cheap $8.The customer service here is also on-par with the "real" store.  For our wedding, my husband needed 10 pairs of brown loafers for his family members and groomsmen.  To keep their costs low, we went to the Rack and found the perfect pair of comfy cognac leather loafers for $49 each.  There were only a few pairs in the sizes we needed, so our sales associate spent over an HOUR after the store closed, calling other Nordstrom Racks across the country, to locate the sizes we needed, and to ship them out. TIP #1: To those who say it's hit-or-miss because they can't find an item in your size-- have your SA call around and find the item in the Rack nationwide system.  He or she can ship it to you at a small cost. (Or no cost for Nordstrom debit or credit card holders of a certain level.) TIP #2: Stay away from the beauty section for good deals.  The prices there aren't really a great deal.  This is the only section where the prices for Bliss Spa, Stila Cosmetics, H20 are about the same as retail. TIP #3: Nordstrom Rack has a tailor on-premises, just like the real store, so if you need something hemmed, try getting it done at the store.  All their alterations people do great work. TIP #4: Rack items go on clearance after a few weeks. Don't miss out on these racks!
4	I went shopping here and liked it- don't expect Ross Dress for Less prices, as it's not cheap, but it's cheaper than the regular Nordstrom.  And for you uptown folks, you can take the light rail line to the end of the line and then walk just across the street and across part of the parking lot and you're there.
5	I come from Chicago...and I love my shopping...so happy Nordstrom Rack has moved in...I have made several trips and found just what I needed every time...staff is friendly as well.Its your typical "Rack."  Very big inside, can seem overwhelming with all the clothes they have, but that's what a good deal is all about, you have to dig and find it!
4	My first trip to Nordstrom Rack was yesterday with my boyfriend, as he's definitely the fashion connoisseur of the couple.I think this place has the potential to be hit & miss. While I didn't shop for myself yesterday, the quick perusal of the women's area didn't do too much for me.  However, the mens section was full of yumminess, as well as the shoe department. I'm talking high dollar names.It's very big inside & I was happy to see plenty of employee presence, straightening & organizing displays & racks.
4	First visit to this store came a few days ago.  I was really impressed!  Very good selelction of clothes and ample dressing rooms so no long lines.  I'm a person that will not pay retail for anything if possible.  I prefer stores like TJ Maxx, Marshalls, etc. to be able to get the brands I like but at a much better price.  Nordstrom Rack provides this same service but be warned the discounts are the same percentages but on much higher cost clothes.  Average shirts here hit the $50-85 mark.  That being said you can still find some steals if you dig hard enough!
4	Huge store, lots of items...as I entered I felt an overwhelming sense of distraction. Ohhh, look at the handbags...shoes...OPI nail polish... After a good 10 minutes went by and a stroll around the store later, I got my bearings and began to concentrate at the shopping task at hand. Now I've got to admit, I'm a bit skeptical when it comes to stores selling for discounted prices (e.g., outlets). Don't get me wrong, I am the first person who loves not paying full price. The reason I'm skeptical is because I don't have the patience to shuffle through items and I hardly have any luck finding things. However, Nordstrom Rack is well organized! I didn't mind sifting through the merchandise here.Great customer service, clean and organized, and quality products! They have something for the entire family! A well stocked men's section, sure to bring out the GQ in everyone. Like my fellow Yelper-shoppers, good selection of handbags, jeans, tops, etc. Definitely make a stop here.If you dislike crowds, yet want a good deal, come early. This is a haven for deal seeking shoppers.
3	Kind of a mixed bag -- highlights run about even with the lowlights. Highlights:Shoes shoes and more shoes. I'm still kicking myself for not nabbing those Frye  Campus boots for $200ish -- that was great deal.If you're willing to dig, you can find some great clothing finds from labels such as Kate Spade, Marc by Marc Jacobs, vince, Theory, Trina Turk and other lines. My favorite part of the store? The clearance jewelry racks. Not uncommon to find Marc by Marc and Givenchy costume jewelry at 60-75 percent off.Lowlights: Handbag department jammed to the gills with Coach, Michael Kors and Juicy bags. No thanks. I've seen one Chloe bag there, and there were only Marc by Marc when the store first opened.The shoe department suffers from the same Over-Coach affliction. Enough already!
3	Though I have no doubt there are some buys here at The Rack, it is all about your ability to find them. This is not Nordstrom, and at the same time it is not Value Village, so set your expectations accordingly.While the staff here is probably quite helpful, there are times you have to go on a hunt to find them, and if they are nowhere to be found, then it is difficult to say if they are useful, and in a store like this, someone holding your hand can make all the difference in the world.With that in mind, the place does have some deals, but you have to dig - just know that you aren't going to find deals like you find at VV ,but they are certainly deals over (under?) what you might find for similar product elsewhere, on slightly dated fashions and the like. If that works for you, then work it and you could be one happy camper. Er, shopper.
3	I LOVE:The shoe and accessory selection in this place.  Great finds, brands and prices.I DISLIKE:The fact that about 80% of the whole store is a juniors section.  I am not above buying a shirt in the juniors section, especially if it is $16.00 but I do feel like the quality and "fit" is not necessarily up to par in the teeny-bop section.I will gladly stop in here again if I am in the area but I highly doubt I will make it a regular part of my shopping sprees!It's good for something but not for anything/everything.
3	Coming from LA, I am used to hitting the Rack often and with gusto.  I have purchased $1000 Moschino shoes for a mere $200.  But, The Rack in CLT left a bit to be desired.  Lots of low-end brands (Kors, Calvin Klein, Steve Madden, Coach, Report) and one pair of high-end (Jimmy Choo.)  I didn't see much in the way of those middle brands (Kate Spade, Frye) and that was a huge disappointment.  It didn't have the lure California Racks have.  But, that didn't stop me from buying three pairs of shoes and three tops.  I would like to see more plus size and better brands in shoes and bags (bag department was a major let down!)
5	I am OBSESSED with Nordstrom Rack!  I honestly should start a daily outfit blog because at least one item is from nordstrom racks at all times.  Come to think of it, my neon Joe Jeans and wild fox shirt that I'm wearing this very moment are rack purchases.  I'm there at least once a week during my lunch breaks.  It is time consuming, but I never try anything on!  If you are a baller on a budget, like yours truly, the rack will satisfy your designer thread needs!  I get compliments all the time, people think I spend a Fortune on my clothes...just looking at the original price tags makes me smile.  It's a rush like no other, I don't think it's healthy...
4	I'm really disappointed in myself. I've known Nordstrom Rack existed for a long time, and always meant to visit, but never got around to it until a couple weeks ago. Why am I so disappointed in myself? One word:Shoes.When you've got size 15 feet, it's hard to walk into a store and just pick out a pair of shoes. Imagine, then, my surprise and delight when I walked into Nordstrom Rack and did just that. NR has a wide selection of men's shoes in large sizes. Heck, they go up to size 17. I've never seen so many shoes that were *too big* for me. They were all very reasonably priced, too, especially considering the price gouging that tends to go on in the upper sizes.I'm sure that Nordstrom Rack has other great deals, and I intend to go back to search for them. I'm primarily excited about the shoes, however. If you're a fellow sufferer of clown foot syndrome, check this place out!
4	Nordstrom Rack has provided me with some pearls over the past year!  I've bought several dresses that were marked down by over $100.  That being said, those deals don't come around every time.  There is also a section of the store that sells the standard items at original price (i.e. tank tops in every color, cardigans, t-shirts, etc.).  Usually I find the staff to be helpful and pleasant; however, I did have an experience with a very rude fitting room attendant who barely made eye contact with me and barely audibly said, "how many?" with a look on her face as though I really disturbed her.  I did inform an employee about what happened but the manager on duty was not available. They asked me to leave my phone number for a follow-up but I never received a call.  Since then, and before then, I've not experienced service like that.Overall, I think anyone in the Charlotte vicinity should check this store out at least once.  I don't think it is for everyone, and you do need to put in a little effort to look through the clearance rack but it can be worth it!
3	I've been to many nordstrom racks in different cities, chicago, nyc, dc...My first time going to a nordstrom rack in NYC, I was so excited since being from charlotte there wasn't one around at the time. I was soo soo excited about a NR opening in the queen city. Size wise, it is ok...although most NR I have been to have two stories. The price here is pretty consistent with other NR, about 30% off regular nordstrom price, so still not cheap if you are budget minded. I am a person with expensive taste but likes to bargin shop, so the problem with this place is I don't exactly feel like I am getting a good deal. I feel like if I wait for a good sale at Belk or Dillards, I can get a better deal than here. They carry a good selection of designer brands here, I usually shop designer brands as I am pretty style-conscious and I like my clothes to be made from solid sturdy material not some flimsy pieces that falls apart the moment I walk out(H&M and Forever 21). This NR also has a beauty section...which I am not necessarily sure if they prices here is any lower than regular price. This nordstrom rack at carolina pavilion is not situated at the most exciting place, but then again, charlotte is no chicago, nyc or dc. Customer service is alright. The staffs were chatting away at the rack beside me, I did not know that they actually works at the store until I realized that they had a Nordstrom Rack shirt on. Basically, come here if you want a 30% off disount on regular nordtsrom pieces that are out of season.
4	Great deals are to be found here! I'm a huge fan of Nordstrom.  Having been a Nordie associate in Southern California for 10 years - ages and ages ago - I still frequent Nordstrom stores as much as a I can.  (It stays in the blood). The Nordstrom Rack is no different. Nordstrom Racks are bit of a different shopping experience but if you have patience to look through racks and rows of a lot of items, you'll find things you may have not been looking for - and bonus: at a good price.  I've been to a lot of Nordstrom mainline stores and Nordstrom Racks and I find the Charlotte stores not as busy even on peak days - which makes for a nice shopping experience. The associates are nice and helpful and check-out is a breeze!
2	This has been one of my favorite stores for the past 6 or 7 years.  Back in Chicago there were several within the city limits and surrounding suburbs.  I would go to a Nordstrom Rack every couple of weeks because the merchandise was constantly changing.  I've found awesome finds such as Citizen jeans for $18, multiple French Connection dresses ranging from $30 - $40, and Dolce and Gabbana sunglasses for $50.  Each location had a great selection.  So great that I would spend at least 2 hours in the store every visit.  Naturally I was super, duper excited when I found out that one was coming to Charlotte. I ran through the streets of my neighborhood shouting, "It's here!  It's finally here!"  Okay maybe I didn't do that, but I did hire a jet pilot to write a message in the sky.  Nope, didn't do that either.  I did however, make the almost 40 minute drive from where I live to the store smiling and giggling all the way like a school girl with a crush.  I arrived expecting to leave the store with at least 2 bags full of loot but instead I left with crushed hopes and dreams :(  The selection of clothes, shoes and accessories was pretty underwhelming.  Definitely wasted my time and gas.  For shoppers who have never experienced a Nordstrom Rack in a major city the one here may suffice. For those of us who only know big city Nordstrom Racks, don't waste your time unless you live around the corner from the store and are bored.
3	I was a little dissapointed with Nordstrom rack. I feel like for the quality the prices are a little high. For example, if I am going to buy a pair of Stuart Weitzman heels I would want them to be in perfect shape. It seemed to me like the shoes were really worn out (stained/ clear they had been tried on a few too many times) and the discounts weren't all that steep considering what you were getting. I will say their bags looked like they were in great shape and I noticed the Michael Kors were abou $20 less than the exact ones I saw at TJ Maxx a few days earlier. They also had some cute dresses-again, quality sometimes was a little iffy. I am still more of a fan of the Sharon Amity Marshalls for higher-end discount clothing/shoes  as I think prices are better and if items are clearly worn out they are  much more deeply discounted.
3	Back in Northern Virginia, Nordstrom Rack was one of my go-to stores if I wanted to spruce up my wardrobe with something new. When I moved to Charlotte, I was really excited to see they had one, even though it's a little out of the way for me. After my first visit, with a gift card in hand, unfortunately I ended up empty handed. Now don't get me wrong, the service was great and everything you would expect at an offshoot of Nordstrom, but the product selection was just ok. Maybe I hit it on an off day, since I know these stores can be hit or miss, but when comparing it to the Racks I used to shop, this one falls a little short. The one thing I was impressed with, but wasn't in the market to buy at the time, was the shipment of Michael Kors watches they had just gotten in. Now those were beautiful!
4	When I first walked into Nordstrom Rack, I wasn't very impressed. However, after I spent more time going through the racks of clothes and shoes, my opinion changed. I ended up finding 2 great pairs of pants, some really cool shoes and boots, and a cute pair of earrings. The prices were good, and I was pleased overall. It is like shopping at Marshalls or TJ Maxx.. you just need to have enough time to sift through all the racks before you come across some really good finds!
4	This store is very similar to a. TJ Maxx or a Marshall's with the layout of Goodwill. You really have to have time to search for the good stuff. I normally do not have the time or patience for this, but will gladly spend some quality time in the shoe section. On certain days you can hit the clearance section and they will have 25% additional off the clearance prices. Rack is already marked down merchandise, plus a clearance price, plus 25% off? Yes please. To give you an example of the great things I find, today I found a pair of Ivanka Trump retro style heels originally $130, I got them for $33! So proud of my great buy I will be back soon!
3	Listen to the other reviews! I went here when I didn't have enough time or patience. So unfortunately my first visit was not a success. However, they have some really great items here!I'm looking forward to coming back with more time and patience and hopefully I'll leave with a few bags of goodies!
3	I love shopping here. You can sometimes find really good deals. For example, I've bought dresses for less than $20 that were originally over $100. I love coming here on a whim, but this is definitely not one of my staple shops because I always leave feeling as though there could be more variety.
4	Nordstrom rack is a good place to get quality goods for less. IF you go when they are having a clearance even better.. I got NYMJ for $39 from 114; a pocketbook from 44 to 24; a cute Paris top for 19.95.yes you have to take the time to go through things but if you are a serious shopper then you don't mind.It's clean and well laid out too.
4	Love me some Nordstrom Rack. They've got great shoe selection, all the bras for $20-25 a girl could need, socks for the man friend to brighten his day. I'm so happy to live near one of these again. I make the ride every couple weeks to see what's new in stock and you should, too.
4	Nordstrom Rack is one of my favorite stores to shop for good reasons:1. GREAT customer service! friendly staff available on the floor to help with you sizes, stock, etc2. their shoe dept! I'm a size 5 which happens to be a size that a lot of stores are phasing out, so to have a whole wall devoted to my size is a luxury that I do not take lightly. to my ladies with small feet, they start at size four!3. handbags! they have a healthy kate spade collection that you can usually find me lingering over when I make a visitIf you are looking for more upscale clothing brands, they have a lot of the top names to be found at bargain prices on clearance. I suggest coming in on holiday weekends because they normally have a "clear the rack" sale where you can save an additional 20-25% off of their red tag merchandise.When visiting, take your time! Lots of good stuff to be found on the racks.
4	I like this place. Well deserved four stars for selection of purses, makeup, and clothes.Sure could use some more high end shoe section though.Place - It's your typical Nordstrom Rack layout with accessories right upon entering the store. Shoes are towards the back, men's to the right, women's straight ahead and some to the right, and lastly kids section over to your left. The store is typically tidy, they have a lot of staff to help the flow of the cash registers.Service - I liked how they try to have a lot of cashiers on the registers to help the flow of the line. Or is it because it's the holiday season....Price - If you want to chance it, prices will be lower if there's an additional sale on products you don't want to get yet. That's a win in my book! Pros - It is more of a hit or miss. On a rare day, I could find 3 awesome tops! Others, I come out with nothing.Cons - Need more high end shoe section!
