4	Dr. Darst...you really saved my skin.  I have terrible cystic acne and oily skin issues, and within one appointment, was prescribed the right meds and treatments to where everything has cleared up, and I haven't had a blemish in about a YEAR. (Another doctor in CLT who shall not be named, was so rushed with me, so rude when it came to keeping on schedule...he told me to take a drug that actually could have had long-term side effects, and Dr. Darst saved me by changing up the meds. Phew!)Now, keep in mind, he's not a drug pusher, which I appreciate.  I have some eczema that I wanted drugs for, but he recommended some over-the-counter cream, which cleared things up in a jiffy. Honestly, Dr. Darst is way better than other derms I've been to who rush me, or are super late/behind in appointments and keep you waiting.  He does like to encourage sunscreen use (a particular brand...but I believe it's b/c he likes it, not necessarily b/c he gets paid to sell it.) and recommends generics when possible. He's not particularly chatty or overly friendly, which is fine.  Get in, get help, get out.  Feel better.
5	I had a really great experience at Dr. Darst's office when I visited for my acne and acne scarring problems. His staff are very friendly and professional and they even fit me into their schedule at the last minute  even though they were really busy (but my schedule is pretty wide open these days). The doctor is friendly and very thorough in his explanations. He didn't try to push any expensive products on me. Even though I have a problem with acne scarring he suggested that I let it heal naturally on its own rather than paying for the pricey products , but he left that decision up to me which I GREATLY appreciate because I hate it when a doctor makes you feel like you need to buy something that isn't necessary. His assistant even gave me some free samples of a sunscreen recommended by the doctor just in case it didn't work well with my skin (I have really sensitive skin).  I would highly recommend this place for anyone with skin issues!!
2	We waited an hour past our appointment time to be seen. Wasn't impressed.
4	My daughter has been suffering from a skin condition and we have been trying new doctors all the time to find a cure. I must say we are impressed. We just moved from CT/NY and so far she was treated and has had relief for the first time in years. Lets hope it keeps working. Thanks guys
