3	The prices are acceptable, but the service not so much.  You have to wait a ridiculous amount of time at the register just to check out.  When I had my brides maid dress ordered from there, they ordered the wrong design and then implied that "i" messed up when ordering.  It was the sales rep behind the counter that screwed up the order - not me!  And the audacity to imply that is was my fault was very insulting.  But other than that little experience, there aren't too many places you can get a complete outfit for a formal event on a reasonable budget.
5	EXCELLENT PLUS SIZE COLLECTION!!!!!!!!!!!Had a great experience here!  Holly was awesome, she was very patient even though she knew I was not buying a dress that day.  I think I found my dress there! it is probably the ONE!  the one for the cruise and my 20th anniversary.  I am happy.  I did not expect to get this kind of service in this kind of shop so I was very pleasantly surprised.  the prices are good, and the variety is awesome!  I recommend it.  If you are looking to be completely catered to, this is not for you.  But if you are on a budget and looking for a great dress, and decent service, this is for you.  GREAT PLUS SIZE SELECTION!!!!  good luck!Ronney
1	First, the customer service was horendous. I had to hunt someone down, then after helping my soon to be daughter in law pull one dress, disappeared never to return. This is suppose to be a special moment and as a sales associatem she should have stayed with her and pulled more dresses. Then, we had a hard time finding mid sized dresses. They were either really small or really big. To make it even more ridiculous, many of the dresses we saw had missing beads and were in sub-par condition. I knew I had an issue with off the rack, but this was much worse than I thought it would be. You cannot let the general public just try on multi layer beaded white dresses and not expect damage. If they had decent employees who knew how to actually assist customers, they might have a decent store.It help me convince my DIL to go to a real bridal shop
1	Living Arizona I have seriously dropped my expectations for customer service, but when I walked in to the store, found it empty other than the 6 sales people, I was stoked. I figured that would be one decent hard worker in the group......wrong. Five were standing around chatting and giggling. The other seemed to be walking our way, made eye contact, I smiled and she went the other way. WTF? I was in shock. I was there to look for a wedding dress and was leary about buying off the rack in the first place. We didn't leave right away, after a few minutes the heard of gigglers broke up. A couple came our way, but didn't even acknowledge that we were even there. I made a comment about horrible customer service so that one girl could hear me, she walked off. Seriously? I had a bad experience taking my daughter in law here, but thought that maybe they improved. ........wrong! Do not go here, people like this do not deserve jobs, much less your money. I wrote to corporate this time. We'll see if that does any good
4	Very very pleasantly surprised... My Sister is getting married in a few months and ended up in a jam with her dress, she was told about this place from a co-worker.  I DID NOT expect anything to come of our visit, I mean it is in AZ mills... We started looking and ended up pulling dresses left and right, when my Sis tried them on, they fit BEAUTIFULLY! We were shocked at how impressive they fit.  Then, we start narrowing down favorites and looking at price tags and they all were between 200 - 300 DOLLARS!!!  Sure her dress needs a good clean and a few fixes, but what a deal! It worked out so well for her! It makes me so happy it worked out so well for her! Oh, the service worked out perfect for us, we wanted to be independent and do what we wanted on our terms, so it was nice that we were left alone.  The dressing room attendant made a lot of effort to check in, but she was suppose to be working the other dressing room, so she was busy, but like I said, it was perfect for us, we did not want or need any more attention than we received.
4	I was looking for a cocktail dress and I remembered always passing by this store with wedding dresses in the window so I thought I'd check it out.  They have a great selection of gorgeous dresses and gowns.  My mom and I were there for about an hour, trying on dresses and deciding which one to buy.  Seriously, each dress was more beautiful than the last and I just wanted to buy all of them but I only need one.  I was so surprised that we both found things we loved in a store called "Group USA" at the Mills mall.  We were there for a total of 45 minutes before we ever saw a sales rep.  Which is fine by me, I don't like to be bothered when I'm shopping.  She was very nice when ringing us up.  The items were reasonably priced, I came in wayyyy under my budget of what I planned on spending for my dress.  My mom went nuts and bought a few cute tops and bottoms along with her dress, she was also under budget.    I knocked off a star because the dressing room area could use some cleaning and a fresh coat of paint.  Also, even though I didn't mind being haggled by the sales lady, a nice warm welcome into the store is always appreciated.
1	If I could give no stars I would. I went in with my friend looking for a dress for her wedding. We tried to find someone to help us and when we finally did all she did was point and say " the dressing rooms are over there" that was all the help we were offered the whole time we were there. And in the dressing room there was no one to help us and an entire rack fell over and almost hit us. We will never return, I highly do NOT recommend this store.
5	Over exceeded our expectations! We came in just browsing for our bridesmaids dresses as well as a bridal gown and found EVERYTHING! One stop shop! Tammie was AMAZING in helping is track down the dress we wanted but in the correct size from a different store. She was very helpful with our decisions and very sweet! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in search of beautiful dresses for a great price! Will return!
