5	First and foremost, heading out to dinner with a party of eight is not always easy, especially without a reservation on a Saturday night...So, I am not taking off a star for having to wait a few minutes for a table.  The atmosphere was great, warm, and comfortable, and a round table for 8 was perfect for our group...We were all impressed that the menu had many choices including your typical Chinese fare along with Thai and Japanese choices.  It was perfect because we ordered family style and were able to sample a variety of items from the menu.  For starters, the soups were all amazing!  I had the chicken with corn soup.  My sister tried the egg drop and raved about it, and others at the table were equally satisfied with the won ton soup.  The bowls are big enough to share with 3 or 4 people.  Next, make sure not to miss the honey shrimp, orange chicken, eggplant with spicy garlic sauce, and dan dan noodle.As an afterthought, we realized we didn't get fortune cookies; probably an oversight.  Even without good fortunes, this is a reliable restaurant for a small or large group.  Take out available as well!
1	My meal consisted ofTom Yum GoongStir fried chicken and green beansSea bass on sizzling platterTom Yum Goon - flavorless.... I didn't even taste any lemongrass.  It was mostly broth.  WTH?  Stir fried chicken and green beans - flavorless. The only saving grace was that I requested for chili paste and dumped the whole dish full to add flavor.  They had this brown sauce on it that had NO flavor.Sea bass on sizzling platter - they poured on a hoisin like/brown sauce with ginger slivers on the fish on a fajita plate.  The waitstaff are Chinese and I was told that the cooks are Cantonese.  I want to know where they learned to cook?  This food wouldn't fly in the Bay Area - calling themselves an Asian Bistro.... Pul-lease!!! This is NOT Chinese food.  This is NOT Thai food. Panda Express kicks ass compared to this place!
3	Take-out ordered the spicy orange chicken and the Kung Pao for dinner one night. I asked for the chicken to be extra spicy. Got it home and it wasn't so spicy  Otherwise, the meals were pretty good.  Rather along the lines of PF Changs. Nothing to run down the street raving about, but not bad either.
5	Came here tonight for my birthday... They have a vegetarian menu, woo hoo!!!! Went during Happy Hour, and had a Mai Tai (delicious), Fried Tofu (yummy!), and Eggplant with Garlic Sauce ( To die)... All my meal was extra-ordinary!  There were not a lot of people in the restaurant, which I prefer, and the waitress was so sweet! I will definitely be back next time I am in town!! Thanks guys!
3	This is a good local place that fills a gaping hole for good takeout in the area, with some dishes that are very hit or miss.  The beef chow fun is good with excellent flavor and tender beef even though it is quite greasy and salty, the firecracker shrimp is good and if you are looking for a hit of sweet tang the tangine beef is a better bet than the orange chicken.  They seem to do beef dishes better than chicken or shrimp as a whole, and the garlic shrimp was a real let down with a ton of vegetables in a soupy, fairly flavorless brown sauce.  And the beef on a stick is great
5	PF Changs has gone downhill. Pei Wei is great for "fastish" chinese but for real sit down dining. Eddie Chan's has all chinese food locations beat! Food is consistently phenomenal, portions are perfect, flavoring is far from too little or too much..just right. Unfortunately it's pretty far out there if you live anywhere other than N Scottsdale..but it's worth the trip for a taste. I live in Glendale and will drive for a craving.
4	Ma and sis in town and craving Chinese, and me wanting to try something new brought us here for lunch. We started with the lettuce wraps which surprised me by having corn in them! But they were awesome! They give you a ton of filler and perfect lettuce cups, mmmmmm! We all ordered different lunch specials that come with soup or saIad. I got hot and sour soup which was quite tasty and my companions got salad, which was really bland tasting and had chunky lettuce pieces (blech!). Lunch came and my garlic chicken that I ordered with extra veggies was fantastic! Our server was great with repeatedly having to bring me   more chili paste and keeping our tea's filled. She also "forgot" to charge me for the extra veggies. Ma's chicken chow mein was great as well and sis' beef dish wasn't bad either. All in all- I'd love to go back and try more!
5	My business partner and I went into Eddie Chans Asian Bistro last night for a dinner business meeting. This was like my 5th trip in Eddie's.We had the Orange Chicken and the Mongolian Beef. And I can tell you folks.... this was no flippin' Panda Express! The chicken in the orange Chicken was sliced so thin, which makes it incredible crispy when done up in the orange chicken sauces. The Mongolian Beef was equally tasty. It was such a pleasant surprise. Eddie Chan also took the time to come by and check on us. I love when owner/operators do this. It means they care!I can't wait to go back!
5	It's been a while since we made the trek out to our favorite Asian restaurant.  It's  wonderful to know the food and employees are the same.  Amy warmly greeted us and let us know we were missed. We enjoyed the sampler platter, Tom Yum Soup, and of course Five Dragons.  My husband and I think this is the best entree! The flavors are always fresh!  The meat tender and the fish is generous and flavorful!  Everything is cooked to perfection.  We cannot wait to return! Do not hesitate to visit this warm and unpretentious venue.  The prices are fair, portions generous (can you say leftovers?)  and the service is accommodating and appropriate!  Don't miss out!
