4	This place draws in all sorts of crowds. Good place to take serveral of your freinds to hang out. Decent food, games. Enjoy watching the game while drinking a beer. Try their Kamikazi, its yummy!! and they know what a fuzzy screw is!!!
3	Good place to start a bar fight in the West valley.  However, there are bouncers, and the crowd is quite young, and it can be loud... but I love the fried appetizers during the daytime happy hour.  Parking isn't so bad during the day, and there's usually a few good tables available.  I thought they were open earlier in the morning than 11 am but my memory is a little fuzzy.
4	great hot wings,  could use some better non blurry tv' for game day. but the back section has some nice lcd's. young rowdy sh*t talking crowd is right which makes it a fun environment. Good service, cold beer!  GREAT PRICES
4	Saturday night Bday party... We made plans to meet a bunch of folks here and glad we did. The live band kicked ass.The drinks were good but not too strong. :(The back room was perfrect for large get togethers. The shuffle board was fun.We did not see any drama at all and had a great time.
5	This is a fun little place. I've been coming in here for about a decade now, lots of fun memories.
3	Solid hot wings, reasonable beer prices, and ample seating. This is your run-of-the-mill sports bar, and not a bad place for lunch.The seating is alright, I just wish there were more room at the awkwardly placed bar. I'll be back for more wings if I'm in the area.
1	Angry Bro Bar !  Please go here if you wear size smedium affliction shirts you will love it. The bar is lame. Kid you not there was not five minutes that went by where two people didn't try and fight each other.
3	Good food at a great price. Large draft selection. Friendly saloon atmosphere drenched in 80's rock and NASCAR decorations. TVs with every kind of sport cover every square inch of perimeter wall. Disappointnent: Online menu differs from real life. Steak and ribs are gone! Don't be afraid of the bikers. They look tough but are really nice.
4	Great place to hangout with friends. The MMA fights are free too.
1	Dive bar filled with perverts and heroin addicts. Looks like an Intervention Convention. Bartenders are weathered and bitter. Food tastes bad and they charge way too much considering they are a dive bar and not a nightclub.
4	Seriously best turkey sandwich in town
3	This bar is ok to hang out at. I think its sort of frumpy. The drinks are fine, I've never eaten there.  They have PBR there. Lots of local people mostly regulars. Anyone can go there an fit in there.  I have been a few times but it's not a place I spend a lot of time.
2	First, I hate any kind of scamming. This is a bar where a lot of locals know one another. I play a lot of music in the juke box and I've been here to specifically play their great juke box and the fact they carry my beer, MGD 64. The happy hour prices are decent, $2.50 a bottle. The staff is friendly. They have 99 cent sliders on Tuesdays and Thursdays, otherwise, they don't have any reduced priced appetizers. On Tuesdays and Thursdays, between 5:00-7:00, the bottles are suppose to be $1.75. I've been in here about 10 times.  10 times I was over charged for either food and/or drinks. These were blatent over charges. I had a coupon for 35 cent wings. I ordered 10 wings. Total should be $3.50. It's not difficult to order 10 wings at 35 cents a piece. They charged me $5.75. I brought this up to the bartender and she kept debating with me that 10 wings at 35 cents each were  $5.75.  35 cents x 10= 5.75?  They follow a chart that's taped to their cash register. She kept saying I was the only person in 3 years to ever complain about the pricing of the wings!!! I said then maybe I'm the only person in 3 years to see that you're overcharging everyone. It was eventually fixed after others in the bar started hearing the conversation, but they didn't agree with me that 35cents x 10= 3.50. The last time I went in a couple weeks ago, I specifically went for the $1.75 beers between 5-7. They charged me for full price happy hour even though I was there on the "special 1.75 day". I've had buy 1 get one free coupons for here, and the free meal was never taken off. I've had to correct this many times. So, I like the atmosphere. It's very casual, decent drink specials, really no food specials, and a great juke box. They do have a very small free buffet with 2 things on it, but it's always gone and not re-filled. As long as you watch your bill and prices closely, it's a decent place to go. I would've rated them a 3 1/2  if it weren't for every bill being wrong.
3	Now that Cheers is closed this is one of the last few places that will pour a good shot.  Haven't eaten here in ages so can't comment on that.  Gets darn busy on Friday and Saturday Nights.  Not really my crowd though.
1	Went there for the first time this week, and it was below mediocre. The waitress we had actually thought it was acceptable to yell at us as customers. Perhaps my humor isn't the same as hers, but chastising paying customers wasn't part of the experience I expected. The food was alright, but mostly the service was deplorable. Later when I called to complain to the manager he was very polite about it, but further worsened the situation by saying he would "try" to talk to the staff, but there was really nothing he could do. If you want mediocre bar food and a dingy environment with poor service, by all means go here. Otherwise, eating lunch from a brown paper sack would be more enjoyable.
4	I honestly don't get the negative reviews.  I've never had one problem here and, in fact, have a great time every time I go.  They DO pour a good shot.  Their grilled wings are really, really good, addictive almost.  They have the MMA fights on for free.  I've never had an issue with anyone here.  The waitresses seem cool and friendly and efficient.  It's just a laid-back, sports bar which suits me just fine.
5	I decided to check this place out, because I wanted to see the UFC and not pay for it. I am glad I did, great place. I did not eat anything, just had some drinks while I sat at the bar and watched the fights. The bartenders were awesome. I think I will come back and check out the food some time.
5	Awesome bar food and drinks! Special thanks to our waitress Kensie...you were great!
4	I have been avoiding going here because my mom told me she liked it about 8 years ago. My assumption was that if this bar is the type of place my mom digs I will probably not like it. Anywho, after going a long day at work followed by dinner we were looking for something low key to do and decided to give it a shot. It was a Friday night around 8 or 9. Not too many people but not too few to socialize either. We didn't try any food but the drinks were strong and cheap and I recall some decent specials on shots and vodka. The crowd was very friendly and I didn't have a hard time making conversation with regulars. There was a dj in the corner and we did a little dancing and played some pool too. I would for sure go back again.
3	Good dive bar, place is really big,
4	Haven't been in here since it was remodeled, but I do like the new upgrades.  Service was good, more of an open feel.  The cheese curds were good,  but they weren't as golden brown as I prefer.  They had dollar tacos today which were tasty and a good deal.
4	I see a lot of bad reviews on Tailgaiters and don't really understand? This is the first Sports Bar I went to when I moved to AZ from WA. It's a dive for sure, but I like that and it's like a cesspool (which I also like haha). Food is cheap and awesome, TVs everywhere, DJ and live music some nights (maybe a little too much 80's music though)! I can't remember the name of the band I saw, but they were awesome! You will find preps, blue collar workers, business professionals and bikers all in one place if you go here. Easy to socialize, everyone is friendly and the bartenders were always cool. To each his own, but I loved the place...check it out!
1	This. Place. Sucks. The food is bad, the waitresses are nasty (and they suck at their job), it's full of a bunch of overweight degenerates in NASCAR shirts... Just bad all the way around.
1	There was a group of around 35 Browns fans that came in to watch the game week one. Some of these Browns Backers members have been coming here for a long time and we decided to join them. Pros: Bloody Mary BarCons: Everything else. Right before kick off the owner/manager decided he wasn't going to have the sound on for the Browns game as promised. He stated that despite the fact there are far more Browns fans in the bar than anyone else we are consistently cheap! Seriously? We're Browns fans...WE EAT AND DRINK A LOT!! So he decided to appease a small amount of fans in the corner that wanted to hear their game. Since we had already ordered a bunch of drinks and food for the 4 in our little group we decided to stay until the half. Slowly most started leaving to head to another bar. By the time we ate our pizza that tasted too much like flour and downed our drinks we also left. Our close to $100 tab would have been double that if we had stayed for the whole game. The unbelievably rude manager lost out on a lot of money and a lot of future business. We will NEVER be back!
4	My 1st time here! Friendly bartenders, great Philly Cheesesteak on grilled sourdough, delicious shrimp with sweet chili sauce & big fat grilled chicken wings!! YUM! Oh, & Awesome Bloody Mary bar!! The Big screens are a little blurry, but altogether a super fun atmosphere for NFL Football/Sunday Funday!!. We will be back:)
4	Been coming here as a local place for a while. Full bar, with generous pour. The food is good bar food and then some. The menu is pretty diverse for a local sports bar. Love the GT Golf game! Also has a great bloody mary bar each Sunday. Good crowd and really good staff. Great sports bar!
4	I've been here twice. Both times for lunch on the weekend.I liked the menu here. They had more than I expected. One thing that we had and really enjoyed is their pizza! It's homemade with fresh toppings. Took a little longer for our food because of the pizza, but the server let us know when we ordered. Also, ordered a calzone on our second visit. Delicious! I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Salad both times. It had lots of chicken coated with a choice of mild, medium or hot buffalo sauce. I ordered medium. Very tasty! Service was very good. I couldn't decide what kind of drink I wanted. After talking to the bartender, she made something for me that wasn't on the menu. Food was hot. Bartender and server attentive.Prices are on par with most places that are dive/sports bar. Drinks are good. Decent pour.Great place for a relaxed lunch!!
4	Great little dive bar.The new renovations (tearing down the dividing wall) has opened the space up and made for a better atmosphere. Cheap drinks ($2 green domestics on ST. Patty's Day)  the food is typical bar fare at reasonable prices. The waitresses are your typical dive bar type.... Tad over friendly and a bit on the trashy side. Cheap drinks & good dive bar atmosphere  : 5 starsWaitresses : 3 starsThus a total rating of 4 stars!
3	This is a sports bar and dive bar rolled into one.  Nothing is particularly bad but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here either.  The price is right and the service is friendly and competent, so if you happen to be in the area and need a beer to go with your game, Tailgaters would be a safe choice.
1	Trashy dive bar,.gross skanky waitresses who think they are hot,mediocre food, terrible service, only good thing is cheap drinks during happy hour.Also rude doorman.Not worth it.
