2	More like 2.5 stars for this establishment.  So there's Whole Foods Market, and then there are the small businesses that cater to the vegetarian/vegan/raw food community selling natural and organic foods, supplements etc.  I try to support them because they have access to speciality items that a large chain may not carry.I found them on happycow.net and thought well I need to check them out to see what's available and I need to purchase some hemp protein powder.  I pull up in front of a store that's not very big.  As soon as I enter, I see aisles and aisles of supplements, pills, some personal care items and that's about it.  Where's all the "raw food" that was supposedly advertised?  I found some bulk raw nuts and seeds, raisins, prunes and medjool dates.  I found some raw chocolate and then some food/snack bars, only rawvolution with 2 different flavours.  In the front, there are 2 freezer cases, a few frozen vegetarian meat items, some ice cream, sorbet and that's it???  What a disappointment.  There were some cold drinks in the fridge case all the way in the back, some flax and hemp oils, probiotics.  Although there's a large selection of supplements, more doesn't necessarily mean better.  I've spent so much time researching supplements that at the end of the day, most of what they carried are pretty standard and not worth their weight or price.  Oh, and the prices are high.  Hemp protein from Nutiva was $16.99, WOW.  I could purchase that for at least $4 less at Whole Foods.  Also, when you have too many products, you confuse the customer.  Either way, I felt misled, I must have looked around for at least a good 10-15 minutes, and was just disappointed.  I walked out without a single purchase.And the brand supplements that I like, they didn't carry. Too bad.  But one good thing is they carry CellFood.  Good stuff.Customer service wasn't particularly good.  I circled around 3 times and no one bothered to ask me if I needed help.  Lame.
4	I get an African Cayenne Pepper which adds heat but no salt.
5	They carry my Food Grade 35% Hydrogen Peroxide.  YEAH! Because its a controversial product..YOU MUST DILUTE IT DOWN 11 to 1 none of the big stores will carry it.   It isn't really that hard and they give you instructions but people are dumb I guess.I Bathe in it.  I gargle with it.  And I put a few drops of DILUTED h2o2 in my ears today when I thought I was getting a cold.  Worked like a charmSo glad to have a little healthfood store that gets it.
2	meh... they have a lot of the standard expected whole food health support products, BUT if you want excellent service and need a helping hand searching for your nutriceuticals, I'd head straight over to Pure Health on Washington and Buffalo.
4	My workplace is nearby and every time i got a chance that i can go out on my break, i dont missed a chance to check this place out. This place offers good products (vegan-vegetarian-supplements-toiletries-scented oils-pet food) on reasonable prices. The staffs have sufficient knowledge on what theyre selling to their consumers without doing the whole 9 yards of mind blowing terminologies. It helped me to "stay healthy" throughout this years, and im not planning to stop anytime soon!:)
4	I'm not afraid to ask when I need assistance and when it comes to supplements, I def need assistance. When I stare out into an aisle of supplements, I immediately get into a confused state not unlike the lunch scene in Being John Malkovich (Malkovich Malkovich? Malkovich).  Luckily, the friendly staff at Stay Healthy are there to help.Let 'em know your ailments, allergies, etc. and they'll point you in the right direction. The place isn't large, so I can't say how well the bases are covered, but they are covered nonetheless. Again, for a rookie, this place is excellent. No pressure, no crowd, solid selection, the ability to ask Q's and reasonable prices. Can't ask for more than that.
5	I found this place and it's a small place. The owner is very friendly and the staff was ready to help and pointed me in the right direction of the stuff I needed. They have a lot of different items such as vitamins and supplements. Great place I will be back
4	Good place to find alternative "medicine" I had an upper respiratory infection and the staff was very helpful in finding me great supplements to put me on the mend. If you're looking for a vegan /vegetarian food market there is not much to choose from. I love this place and it has been very helpful in keeping me healthy.
5	Stay Healthy is a wonderful place! As an East Coast transplant I was delighted to find a well stocked (wide selection of products & manufacturers) 'LOCALLY OWNED SHOP' with a VERY dedicated, knowledgeable & helpful staff. If they're out of stock - they'll order it for you.  If you're seriously dedicated to your health - then Stay Healthy is 'The Place' for you.
