5	I highly recommend Ken Ravago if you are looking for a knowledgable realtor in the greater Las Vegas area.  He was very patient and listened to what we were looking for in a home. He could quickly point out the pros and cons in each prospective house we looked into which helped us pick the perfect home.  He always had time for my wife and I and treated us like we were his only clients. We never felt he was too busy for us.  Most importantly his services didn't stop after we signed the docs.  He has a wealth of information and contacts that helped facilitate everything we needed to do after we closed.  Such things as getting the mailbox keys, finding a gardener, misc handyman services, best place to shop for furniture, etc.  This was very important for us since we were just becoming familiar with the Las Vegas community.  As I stated before, I would highly recommend Ken Ravago as your realtor.
5	Ken had my property rented out quickly to reliable tenants and made it a easy process for us.  Excellent communication! Respond quickly to emails and calls. Highly recommended!
5	Ken Ravago helped me find a home in Las Vegas from my home in California.  I was not able to travel to see it before buying but Ken made sure I had lots of pictures and an expert home inspector.  He was available by text (which I am grateful) as well as phone and email.  When he was not immediately available, he had his partner, Alex, contact me so I was never without answers.  They treated me like family.   They were both amazing to work with and would work with them again in a hot second!  The whole process was smooth and painless.  I can't say enough great things about them.  When I did make it out to meet in person, he even gave me and my family an outstanding breakfast recommendation where I had the best waffles I have ever tasted!
1	This company is a total unorganized joke. I hand delivered rent 2 of the 3 times and they lost it. I had to pay a late fee not once but twice when it was paid early. I will never ever rent or buy from this company and I strongly recommend you stay far away from the joke of company.
5	We've hired Ken twice. He's absolutely amazing!  He was available everytime we had a question or concern during the waiting process when my parent's put there home on the market. Three weeks later, the home sold! He always followed up with us during the selling process. You won't be disappointed with his professionalism and demeanor.
