5	I should start by saying that I am a huge fan of Rubios in general so I normally wouldn't rate an individual location. This is the exception. The location on Ray and Power Rd is consistently awesome. If you like the food, and who doesn't then you will be happy to hear it's always great at this location. What sets these guys apart from the zillion other locations is the service and the facility. The restrooms are the cleanest I've seen and when you have a 5 year old that metters a lot! The service is second to none. Every single time I have been here,p probably 20 or more times now, I get a smile, a thank you, a perfect order and they go out of the it way to make sure everything is perfect. Well, lunch just arrived so I better get to eating! Viva Rubios!!
5	Every time I visit this Rubios the staff is extremely nice, cheery and helpful. Food is usually wonderful and if not, they always fix it right away. Everything we could ever ask for in a restaurant!
4	For a fast food type Mexican restaurant, I love this place.  I'm not sure they have the Blackened Salmon Burrito anymore, but that thing was amazing!  Their salsas (salsa bar) are pretty much average, but it's nice to have a choice.  I still don't like it as much as Chipotle, but it's a nice change once in a while.
3	Food was good and the service was great! I would say if you want more than Taco bell but not a ridiculous price this hits the spot. Not the best but far from the worst.We had the original fish taco which was very good. The salmon taco was OK but it was the freshness of the food that we enjoyed.Definitely worth a shot!
5	Had seen the place earlier in the week when I tried YC grill and decided to give it a shot. I initially ordered 1 traditional (lightly fried pollock) and 2 wild salmon fish tacos, all on corn tortillas and with a large side of guac for $12. They came, I saw, I conquered. The flavors were great and the sauces offered go great as toppings. The staff was friendly and personable as well.  Unfortunately I had a buffet-worthy appetite and had to go for a round 2... I went back to the front and ordered another traditional (great crispy texture - and they were on a special sale for $1.50 each!) in addition to a garlic shrimp taco (with bacon!? sold!) and a small side of guac for $7 (so much for my dinner budget!). The shrimp taco had a great combination of cheese, avocado, bacon, and garlic grilled shrimp.  All in all a great place to grab a bite, though they have better options than fish tacos for larger appetites!
3	Nice change to the fast food alternative.  Had the Logostino Lobster Burrito.  Was light and tasted good.  Better than the other burrito options at fast food locations. I have also had a fish taco.  And also like the street tacos. A little more pricey than fast food of course, but a nice change.
4	I think Rubio's is yummy. I like that there is no MSG in the food.. however, I did not give it a 5 star rating because sometimes the beans taste a little under cooked and I saw a lady not receive her chicken in her chicken burrito. Also, I only get 20 minutes for break, and whenever I go there I have to rush to make it back in time. But overall I love their food. And the salsas are great.
4	I do not know about other Rubio's, but this one is great:  The food and the people.  I ordered a fish burrito and asked to not have a certain item put into it (highly allergic), got it and it had the item.  Sent it back, got it without the item and they were very apology, gave me a gift card for a free meal.
5	Our family had to eat here at least once a week when we lived in Gilbert.  The staff was awesome.  They were always friendly and service was great.  The food was awesome.  We love the guacamole, burritos, and tacos!  The music they piped was always good too!  Great atmosphere!  We'll be visiting anytime we're back in the area!  We miss the food so much!
3	We had a large togo order and they didnt get our order correct. It was a large order with some complicated twists but if they are unsure they should have asked about it.
4	Excellent! It's the first stop we make when we arrive in AZ. Great food reasonable prices.
4	I am a big fan of Rubios. My favorite is their gourmet shrimp tacos. There are a couple coupons throughout the year which is always a nice touch. While they are usually clean, this one didn't have anyone wiping tables and it wasn't busy but they are usually good. I love that they have 4 different types of salsa for you to try. I got a coupon for chips and guacamole which now made me hooked on the guac! Fast service and good food.  Another good choice if you are watching calories is their health mex burrito. I do add some balsamic dressing to it and it is really good for a healthier option.
5	They're just so nice here. And it was just so clean. And so very close to the Mesa Gateway airport (not like, walking distance at all... but once you leave the airport you're pretty much there) and I'll be darned if a big ol' burrito isn't what you want when you get off of the plane.So that's what I had a few weeks back. I've been exploring lots of local businesses in the area, but I gave the old standby another taste-a-roo and it was good. I always go with the Especial burrito. It's packed with lots of stuff, the least of which is guacamole. You can add guac to anything, but this is truly especial. I go with the chicken, but not matter the protein, be sure to get the green sauce from the salsa bar and slather it on.I've had many a good taco from these guys as well--those fish tacos are the real deal. But for me, post flight, it's all about the burrito.
5	Best shrimp tacos EVER!!! I am so picky and they make them right every time!!! Staff is always friendly and helpful!!!!
4	I love Rubio's. The fish tacos and burrito especial always hit the spot. I love their fresh salsa bar and their customer service. The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because the water cups they give you are ridiculous. They're these tiny cups that hold about a cup of water and I have to refill it about 6 times. Come on Rubio's, don't be so cheap!  Every other place I eat at gives me a big cup for water.
5	Dined today at what is absolutely incontestable one of the best fish taco establishment.  Rubio's keep up the good work with your food.  The Langostino Lobster burrito the other day was worth every penny!
5	Always excellent service--the food is amazing too, but the service is top notch and keeps me coming back several times a week! :)
4	Mahi Mahi habanero tacos are the best! You won't regret ordering the if you love a little spice with your meals.
5	We have always had the best service at this location!! One person in particular has helped us out on a couple occasions and has always gone above and beyond. His name is Triston. Talk about awesome customer service! This kid should own the place some day! The food is always good and if they do not have something, they have always suggested other items or sauces etc that would compliment the food. I have never felt rushed and Triston has left a lasting impressing on us that we wanted to be sure we point out what an excellent job he does!
5	This location is a prime example of superb customer service. The manager, Julie, is very personable, kind, and she makes it a point to remember your name! The food is always prepared correctly and presented perfectly. I visit this location a minimum of once per week. Keep up the good work!
5	Looking for a healthier alternative, we stopped at Rubio's. My daughter and I had salads- the chipotle orange. I had blackened tilapia, which was fantastic and she had grilled chicken, also very good.  My boyfriend got the chicken burrito. He said he thought it was better than Chipotle's.The service was average. This is a fast food type atmosphere,  but they do bring the food to your table.The salads were under 500 calories and filling. We will definitely return and I would recommend it to anyone, especially if you are looking for a lighter menu that's a little different than all the rest.
4	Lets start this adventure off by completing Mr. Rubio on his ability to streamline the taco/burrito business and keep it fresh. This location is always so happy. You walk in to a happy greeting and everyone is quick to check up on you. Never a bad fast food meal in this place. fresh salsa bar with plenty to add to your entree. Unfortunately the coolest stories I have are from the wacked out patrons that bless us with their awesomeness. I'll save you the story so that you can focus on the food. you asked for it so here it is. Grab the fish tacos on discount fish taco day. The gourmet grilled shrimp tacos with avocado & bacon are scrumptious! Enjoy some tastily salsa-I'mpress your date by mixing up your own concoction....
5	This Rubio's location is always clean and fast. In general, I always enjoy the food that I get at Rubio's and this place is no exception. My top recommendations would be the fish taco especial and blackened tilapia tacos. I also really like the blackened tilapia burrito. I haven't tried the non-fish options there but I've heard that they are good too!
3	Fish tacos OUTSTANDING. ..but tables and floors always filthy,  have to ask to be cleaned EVERY time,  even when not at all busy.Service @counter good
5	This is my favorite Rubios location. Always clean, always consistent, and always friendly. And the GM, Julie, is amazing at remembering her regular customers. Gourmet Chicken Tacos are always a solid choice.
5	Delicious food and great environment. It was my first first and I am now a huge fan! I thought it was just fish tacos but the burritos were amazing too. Thank goodness I went with a group. I got to try a little of everything and it was all amazing!
5	five stars for a Rubio's. definitely the nicest looking and most well kept one I've ever visited. they impressed my wife by using real plates and forks and etc. which is nicer than the styrofoam crap you get at most places. overall just another justification for the higher property taxes you pay in Gilbert I suppose.
5	Love this place!! Food is great and the employees are extremely welcoming!
2	Once again, the food tastes wonderful, best fish tacos anywhere. But the service is awful and the tables are usually dirty. The girls at the counter are slow and chatty and do not do an efficient quick job of service. The Gilbert and Germann location in Chandler is far better. I guess this continues to be my experience in Gilbert, everything is second rate to Chandler. Strange even the walmarts in gilbert are worse, they are out of  stock or they do a tricks with their stock to make it harder price match it cetera.  Another person with really high standards of service and cleanliness needs to open up a Rubios in Gilbert, this one would go out of business in a heartbeat.  Another issue is there call ahead system. When I would call ahead and order food, expect the benefit that I receive is that I will not have to wait in line like everybody else. And if I do worst case scenario, my food will be ready when I get there. That's kind of the whole point of calling ahead. However when you call ahead to this Rubios, they are extremely slow in taking your order and often put you on hold, when you are there is no arrangement for people who phoned I had to pick up their food so you have to wait in line like everybody else. Again this is now the other franchises handle it and this is not how common sense dictates it should be. There are other major problem is seeding. Even though they run hundreds of people through there every 30 minutes, astonishingly, they only have enough seats for about 10 people to sit down. Any given time you see five to ten people holding food looking around wondering where they're going to sit. It's ridiculous. And yet they cannot even keep those 10 seats clean that they have.
5	A family favorite of ours... healthy and delicious food that we don't get tired of. Great service; relaxed atmosphere.
