4	When ever I see the lovely tulips and beautiful array of colourful flowers, I know that spring is here.And that's why Allen Centennial Gardens, right by the lake, and behind Steenbock Library at UW, is SUCH a special place.  It's a little piece of heaven in the university, almost feels like you're in a magical little park.Benches, ponds, gazebo, many times you walk around and someone's getting married, and most importantly, if you take your laptop in order to study, gratis wireless for students thanks to the university!!!!!Seriously, even if you just want to go there, read a book and leave, it's so tranquil and pleasent...
5	Allen Centennial Gardens sits on the corner of Babcock Road and Observatory Drive. Surrounding a Victorian mansion that sits on the National Register of Historic Places, this 2.5 acre Shangri la is one of my favorite Madison attractions.  The gardener in me appreciates the 21 individually themed gardens and thousands of different perennials, annuals, shrubs and trees that grace the gardens.  I've learned a great deal about incorporating texture, color, sound and focal points into my own garden designs from my many visits to ACS.  I also enjoy how the garden is constantly evolving; it changes from day-to-day, month-to-month and year-to-year.  I see something new each time I visit.The non-gardener in me appreciates the peaceful setting where I can meditate with little or no distractions.   It also is where my wife and I were married on a perfect September afternoon many years ago.  That alone is grounds for a five star rating.
5	Whoa!  Where did you come from beautiful gardens??  I was trying to get to the bike path to picnic point and found the gardens!  I managed to miss the big sign out front where it says bikes are not allowed in and strolled my bike through.  Ooops.  There is bike parking across the street from what the sign says.  Anyways, very beautiful.  It would be a great place to walk through, bring a book or coffee and relax.  Not as big as Olbrich but there is still plenty to look at.  I do not know a ton about flowers but there is a wide range of colors, type, smells...the list can go on!  My favorite part was the water feature with the bridge.  This place runs off of donations so the fee is technically free.  It is a great addition to your walk along the lake or a good stop after being on State Street.
4	Wow, this I would have to say is a definite step up from Reiman Garden at Iowa State University.  Parking is a bit annoying since only parking meter for 25 minutes at 65 cents.  Today is Labor Day and still nothing on the meter saying about holidays (just effective M-F).  Well, UW-Madison I supported you with my girlfriend who contributed 25 cents.  Still, I am pretty surprised that you guys care enough to weed and add plenty of things to see like a trickling brook into a large pond of koi fish.  Plus, the back has an edible garden which is donated to less-fortunate.  Overall, I was amazed for a  free garden.
