5	I think Sweet Pea Bakery could turn me into a "Cookie Monster." My friend and I sought out the amazing PB&J cookie today (imagine two peanut butter cookies with jelly/jam in the center like a sandwich), but I also got an Oatmeal, Apricot & Walnut cookie that was SO good. Don't worry - I shared with the folks back at work ... MUCH better than a candy bar from the Circle K.
4	I was having a bad day due to numerous reasons and there was only one thing at the time that could make it a little bit better...my craving for cookies.  After seeing some of the reviews lately, I decided to check out Sweet Pea.I was just planning on getting a few, but I ended up with one of each one they had.  Yes, I bought 6 cookies for myself not to be shared with anyone unless they were ready for a duel.  I've eaten the apricot, walnut, & oatmeal and also the lemon one.  Both fantastic.  They had many other items there that looked equally delectable.  Maybe I'll go for those next time or maybe both, who knows! =)They also have a few lunch options like salads, pasta salad, and some other stuff that I didn't take enough notice of.Remember, cookies can just about solve anything. Delicious!
5	On my little trip around the city I drove over to Sweet Pea. Very cute store and great personable staff.Nice selection to baked goods and great taste.What nice find in the downtown area. I've got Wicked Bakery up north and Sweet Pea downtown... North and South is covered for those sudden cravings... now time to find something on the on West and East sides of the city.
5	Treated some clients to Sweet Pea Bakery items and they loved them!  I got the PB & J cookies , Mojito cookies and Rum macaroons.  Love that they are not the run of the mill flavors.The shop is adorable, it's actually really big-- surprisingly big!  The employees are really nice and personable and that is always helpful and welcoming, especially when trying something/some place new. They even gave me a precious thank you card to put with the cookies.  I will definitely be going back for more!
4	Based on the reviews of other yelpers, I decided to check this place out. Bakeries seem to be a trendy thing these days, popping up all over the place. Most of it is from the whole cupcake craze, and yes, I am part of the problem. That said, you can probably guess why I went to Sweet Pea in the first place (hint, it wasn't the salad) and I was not disappointed! Some woman had just about bought the place out before I got there, so I had two choices: lemon lime or brownie. What's a girl to do when faced with such a hard decision? Buy them both, of course, and they were both delicious. If you're a cupcake fiend, or just have a sweet tooth, check out Sweet Pea. Your waistline may not thank you for it, but your tastebuds certainly will.
5	So I'm driving along Jackson looking for a place to sit and work for a few hours and notice a little coffee shop on the corner of 2nd St..  I stop in, check to make sure they've got wifi and then settle down with a nice iced coffee and work for like an hour.  I'm here in PHX on business, so don't know the area well and was happy to find a little spot where I could kill some time before my next meeting.  I like it here - there's a nice vibe and everybody who walks in seems to know each other, which I found surprising since it feels like i'm in the middle of nowhere (yes, even in the city!).  In walks a girl who is dressed in chef's whites and starts chatting it up with the people around me....meanwhile I've got my nose in my laptop and realize that hey, it's noon and I'm hungry.  Somebody had mentioned food next door so I asked about that and it turns out that 'girl in chef's whites' is the owner and walks me in.  I've entered Sweet Pea and I fall in love with the space,  the decor and the great artwork that is displayed like a gallery.  It's mainly a bakery, but she's got some prepared salads in the fridge so I pick one, a mineral water and move everything to my little spot at the coffes shop next door.  Apparently they don't mind - and even seemed to welcome it!  Anyway, I'm not too excited about the food situation because I'm not a fan of pre-prepared salads, but all I can say is WOW.  I've just eaten a fantastic meal of organic and locally grown grilled veggies, shredded carrots with dried cranberrys in what tased like a lemon vinegerette with slices of fresh mozzarella cheese and sliced grilled chicken over mixed greens.  Whoever the girl in chef's whites is, knows her food.  I would never have thought to throw together the ingredients on my plate, but they all worked and were all DEE licous.  I wish I worked in the area so that I can come back.  But since I don't all I can do is highly recommend Sweet Pea to anybody who will listen.  Maybe I'll stop in before I go for one of those cupcakes that other yelpers are raving about.
4	Took my cousin and myself here to enjoy some sweets before enjoying some art at tonight's First Friday Artwalk.  I loved, loved, LOVED the rosemary shortbread.  Wished I had bought more than just one square.  We also raved over the brownie chunk cookie.  I'll definitely be stopping by here on my next artwalk!
5	I've been going to Sweet Pea since they opened and it is one of my favorite things about downtown. Not only is Danielle, the owner, great but you can tell she really cares about the quality of her products and her customers. I love the anitpasto lunch, especially during our hot summers, but the baked goods are what lure me in everytime. Those pb & j cookies have me addicted and the cupcakes are far superior to most of the other Valley's offerings (especially Sprinkles- ick!). Give Sweet Pea a try. You won't be disappointed!
4	I love this place!  And the location next to Royal Coffee Bar is a double draw.  Obviously when I'm in the neighborhood I will feel compelled to get a coffee and a pastry.We arrived here just as they were closing up but we were invited in anyway.  We picked up some of the PB & J cookies and Macaroons.  My daughter heard that the Macaroon had chocolate ganache and asked, "What's ganache?  I wanna ganache on that right now."We also tried the rosemary shortbread which I found compelling and will now be scoring some with my Royal Coffee Bar coffee whenever I'm in the area.
5	Sweet Pea is quite the find!  Danielle, the chef/owner, couldn't be nicer, often throwing in little extra goodies to try in my frequent visits.  You can tell how much she loves what she does and the care she puts into her creations.  Her PB&J cookies are very unique, the apricot-walnut cookies are great, and her macaroons are to-die-for!  Some of the cupcakes are better than others, but I especially enjoy the carrot-cake/olive oil ones.  Also, both her lemon and Margarita tarts are terrific!  Her cakes look beautiful - I plan on getting one made for my birthday.  This is an wonderful business in an adorable shop Downtown that the community should be very pleased and proud to have!
5	I haven't been swept up in the Great Cupcake Bubble of 2007-2009, but these are absolutely delicious. The olive oil carrot cupcake with mascarpone icing is one of my favorite treats in town. Owners are very accomodating, bake everything in small batches on site, and "use organic whenever possible."  The menu features cookies (mojito cookies!), cakes, tarts, and some well-crafted lunch items from Tuesday to Friday. The Sweet Pea brain trust decorates the airy space with local art, and the bakery is located next door to the Royal Coffee Bar -- the corner of Jackson St. and 2nd Ave. is the perfect spot to get caffeinated  and indulge in a sweet thing. Tip: Bring some change; you might have to park at a meter.
4	I decided to revisit Sweet Pea during my lunch hour. I'd been there once two years ago. Luckily, the prices haven't changed. I wish they'd have more choices for lunch salad plates but pastries is more their specialty. If you are feeling like a big hearty lunch, you should go somewhere else and come here for dessert. I wanted something lighter so their white bean artichoke spread with fresh vegetables was just right. The spread has a hummus texture but without the oil. The lemon and garlic give it a healthy zest. I thought the plate which also includes salad mix that looks like it might have come from one of those bags at the store should cost just a little bit less. But I realize this is a local business and they need to make money for the effort.But the regular food isn't why I come. I knew I had to try their olive oil carrot cupcake with marscapone frosting. I'm officially a fan for that alone. The frosting, which I'm dying to try making myself, is seriously a whipped incarnation of heaven. It was just the right amount of sweet and the texture was like whip cream frosting. I prefer this for now on with carrot rather than cream cheese. The cake was moist and had walnuts and cinnamon. I've had Sweet Pea's PB & J cookies and rosemary shortbread at local business events. All yummy. I definitely plan to go back again to sample some more confections. The place also has a lot of character. Pictures of cakes are hanging everywhere. It's got a homey, down to earth feel with the simple chairs and tables and all the kitchen equipment out to see. I wish this place was a little more visible and not stuck behind the Maricopa County Jail. Oh well. Sweet Pea, which has some of the sweetest sweets.
1	I hate to be the first bad review but my husband and I were REALLY disappointed.  We got  a slice of the Hazelnut Cake with Mocha Ganache Filling and the Old Fashion Vanilla Bean Cake.  Both cakes were very dry and bland, and lacked sweetness.  The icing was too sweet.   I don't think I'll be back.  If I do, I'll try something else, like a cupcake or cookie, as everyone else seemed to rave about.
4	I'm amazed I haven't written a review of this place but I am saddened that Danielle will be closing her shop at the end of this month.  Sweet Pea was definitely a pleasure to have in Downtown Phoenix.The interior of the shop is very cute with local art on the walls and an open feel.  A small display case holds all the yummy baked goods while a refrigerator contains specialty grown up sodas.  The husband and I each sampled a cupcake and some of the PB&J sandwich cookies.  You can tell Danielle uses high quality ingredients.  The cupcakes aren't sweet enough for me, as I have the palate of a 4 year old, but they were quality confections.  The cookies however were really great.  The cookies melted in your mouth with a hint of sweet jam peeking through.If you get a chance to head over before they close, do so as soon as possible.  Luckily we will be keeping the talented baker in the Phoenix area and we can visit Lola Coffee when it opens and sample more Sweet Pea creations.
4	I thought I'd already written a review for Sweet Pea Bakery. This place made Robert M's birthday last year so memorable. And, it provided sweets for others who happened to be a Pizzaria Bianco with us at the same time.Since I don't eat sweets, I take Robear's word that these were excellent cupcakes. I'm dissapointed to hear the downtown location is closing, but happy that this terrific product will still be readily available. And on the light rail path, no less.
