4	I lived there for a little over two years in one of their studio apartments, from 2009 to 2011. I had a great experience. Their office staff was always changing accept for the manager Arlen who was there the entire time. Any issue I ever had got addressed immediately. I really have NO complaints with my stay. And you really can't beat the location, you can easily walk to 2 grocery stores(Fry's or Trader Joes) or the theater. I really loved my stay here and have nothing but good things to say about the Biltmore Club.
1	DO NOT RENT HERE!!  I have had only issue after issue in the year I have been here.  I move out on Sunday.  Thank Goodness!!I'm sitting here right now with no running water & as always the office is not returning my call.Last week the AC was not working for almost 5 days.  My apt was 100 degrees.  The office doesn't care & the maintenance crew is rude.I've had consistent issues since move in with plumbing, AC and inconsiderate neighbors.Stay far far away from this place!!!!!
1	Don't waste your money here. They love to find any reason to charge you extra fees. The front office is rude and doesn't ever return your phone calls or do what you ask them to do. They turn off the heat during summer months and turn off the AC in October even though its still in the 100s out. They had NO heat or AC almost the entire month of November and we still had to pay full rent. That is ILLEGAL. It was 105 and I had no AC, then it got down to 40 degrees at night and there was no heat so I had to keep my oven on to stay warm. I complained to the office and they just made up excuses to why they couldnt turn it on for a month. I was constantly having problems with losing hot water and water pressure. Ive had to call security there because neighbors were outside night after night fighting and hitting each ither and seciurity refused to come because they "dont deal with violence". are you kidding me?? whats the point of security?  I've never had such aggravations living at a place. I will never ever recommend this place to anyone. Worst experience ever.
5	AWESOME PLACE!  I have lived here for three years now.  If I ever have a concern, the leasing is on it ASAP, no joke.  Leasing agents treat you with respect and fix any concerns like, next-day-service.  Pretty quiet complex.  Sweet views.  20's-80's live here.  Gated with night security.  Always feel supersafe here and is literally right across the street from Whole Foods!  Love that place!!
1	I've lived at the Biltmore Club apartments since January and cannot wait for my lease to be up. My AC recently went out last week, and took 4 days for them to fix it. I've been staying at a friends house since to beat the 108 temps in Phoenix, and while I was gone, maintenance called me at midnight the first night and didn't leave a message to even see if I was at home. ( I noticed the missed call the next day) when I returned to the apartment it looked as if a flood happened and my stuff was everywhere. The carpet padding had been soaked through, a hole was left in the ceiling (still there) along with a large fan and the ac still not fixed until 3 more days. My apartment wreaked of smoke, I don't so it I will continue to stay at a friends, all my clothes are damp, and I have ceiling tile pieces still on the counter, the office will not return an email or phone call. Each time I go by no one is there. Office hours are until 6pm I've not seem anyone there after 430 ever. If I could save anyone from renting here, I would say please do not bother.
1	Stay far far far away, I regret the fact I had ever moved in here.  If you enjoy the extreme summer heat, and you do not believe in showers then this is the spot for you.  Yeah free ac sounds nice, but since it work every 3 days of course it's free.  Showers? Why would you need to shower when you live in a sauna? The water is turned off every other week.  You are welcome to use your tears to wash your face and drench yourselves with sweat.The amenities sounded nice in the start, but the building is just wayyy too old, and the management company is too cheap to update anything here.  If you were sitting in the leasing office enjoying the nice ac, trust me that's the only place that has ac.  Because the rest of us are all having a heat stroke and using Phoenix children's hospital's ac.My shrink told me I moved into such a place bc I hate myself....probably bc I didn't get enuff hugs as a child.Btw if you have a pet, you might as well leave them in the car, bc your car probably has  better ac than your actual apartment.  And it's illegal to leave your pet in your car!
4	I have been here for 6 months.  It's not perfect, but I like it.  For what you pay, Biltmore Club is a great value.
1	FINALLY! Moving out from Biltmore apartments after the WORST customer service from office staff and maintenance. I still have a gapping hole in my ceiling after the staff tried to spackle over the wet hole several times! The apartment smells of mildew, I see mold growing on the frame of the closet where they replaced the carpet but didn't fix the leak. Several of my neighbors have had leaks as well as a lot of downstairs apartments are vacant and windows fogged up from water problems. The hole has gotten worse the last few weeks because they turn off the AC chiller not real AC to migrate to heat... While the weather in AZ is still high 70s the mild has gotten worse and the hole bigger because of stagnant air. I turned in. Vacate notice with my complaints and still have yet to hear from the office to alleviate my situation. Horrible place do not rent!!
