5	I'm editing rather than updating this review because it's a good review and I was proud of it... so I didn't want you passing by THIS review for a shoddy version of it just to give this place one more star. So below find my first review and here I will make only one additional comment:The gnocci here would make my Italian grandmother pee herself with happiness. They are what gnocci should be. The Butternut Squash Gnocci was BY and FAR the best vegetarian meal I have had in Edinburgh... This is not to lessen the impressiveness  the standards there is a FINE selection of meals that I love dearly here. But not ONE came EVEN CLOSE. Michael... if you are looking for a wife. I maybe could be single. -------------------Joe occasionally forces me to see the finer things in life, and I like to think that I contribute a little to his love for the large array of Brass Monkey-like establishments in the city. Today was Joe's day to introduce me to some fine eating (dining?). Apparently Mr. Neave is some sort of freakish savant who is ten and a half years old running this very cool, very chic eatery on/off the Royal Mile. Blink and you'll miss it or ignore it for its annoyingly prime location with way too many tourist traps around. But this place is a GEM. You walk in and the two adorable waiters/hosts, impeccably dressed I might add, are there to meet and greet. The bar is cool, definitely a place I would enjoy an overly expensive cocktail whilst a date and I wait for our table (if he's paying... if not, I'll have the beer). Then we go downstairs and on the table there are some of my favorite flowers on the table... (which I have only recently realized I don't know the name of).The food. The one star loss is simply for the completely irrational idea that we needed BOTTLED STILL WATER. For real? We're in Scotland! That shit comes off frozen peaks of the Pentlands - I don't want bottled water, the tap is fine.  Now the good stuff. And I am a picky jerk when it comes to fancy restaurants because well, I don't really eat meat... and when you don't really eat meat at a nice restaurant (I'm talking to you MARK GREENAWAY AND STOCKBRIDGE (see my other reviews)) you get treated like a SECOND CLASS CITIZEN in this city. Oh but not here. Michael the freakish savant loves vegetarians. He even loves us pescatarians more. And there were A GAZILLION THINGS on the menu I could eat! I was in fancy shit heaven. I opted for the tomato and green pepper gnocci which, let me tell you, my Italian grandma, dead or not, would agree that this dude knows how to cook him some potato pasta. I'm going to make a statement where the word LITERALLY (as Joe would be proud of) is used correctly. This gnocci was LITERALLY the most well made gnocci I have ever in my whole life tasted and I have been to Italy, my family is Italian-American and I have had a very handsome Italian man make me a bowl and then do romantic and slightly filthy things to me and STILL... STILL... Michael, your gnocci wins. Hands down. Then there was the cranberry brownie and that was OBVIOUSLY awesome cause it's a brownie and there's cranberries in it. But the winner was the bread. As always, true to my American Ethnicity... the free bread made my life better. Thank you Joe for showing me the way, both literally and figuratively.
5	Excellent meal from a very talented chef and team. Creative appetizers of wood pigeon and apricot ravioli were great. We both had fish for our main, sea bass and cod, prepared very well. Nice local ingredients featured. We didn't have desert, but the complimentary chocolates were wonderful.
5	Was here for a special party hosted by a medical instrument company on a Monday night where they are normally closed.I didn't have high expectations but was I wrong, the main course, the steak, was maybe the best steak I ever had and this comparing with some of the Michelin restaurants and steakhouses.
