4	I've been coming here on and off since I moved to Vegas the Summer of 2008. The setup is your basic bar in Vegas... which are poker/slot/black jack machines at the bar, as well as regular sitting, no machine in front of you. They also house pool tables, a few arcade games, a little lounge area to sit down and watch TV, juke box, and brand new flat screen TVs . There is not a kitchen at this location but rather a Roberto's next door and Hawaiian BBQ is a 4 minute walk away. Initially I started coming here because it was close to where I was staying at the time and they had great happy hour specials. The happy hour times changed a bit since then, they are currently from 4-7pm and 12am-3am everyday and all drinks are half price. In addition to good deals, they also have Sunday Ticket so you can find me here on Sundays too. Overall, it's a basic bar that stands out in customer service. All the bartenders I've met here are really cool. Of course a few have came and gone, but all replacements are open to customers make you feel comfortable. This place is pretty well kept, even when you stumble in at 2:30am.
1	Rundown armpit.Rotten gas station chic in the Men's room.The duct tape holding the mirror on the wall was a nice touch.
4	Again, I have had friends come into town to hang out and we hit a few local joints to drink and hangout.  PT's is close to home and we were sick of the Casino bars.  But, to be honest, after awhile, all bars look the same.  But, it's not really about the place you are drinking but, who you're drinking with.  PT's is a chain but, that doesn't matter to me.  A Jack & Coke tastes the same here as it does at the touristy bars, but it's cheaper.  Anyhow, we just sat around and reveled in stories from our past.  The bartender took care of us and was ready for more drinks when we needed / wanted it.  Everything was clean, a ton of T.V.'s which would probably mean that watching the Superbowl here would be fun.  I have no complaints...Some may say, that this isn't the best part of town, but who cares.  Lock your doors on your car and turn the alarm on, and you'll be fine.
