4	Friendly service, great people, stepping into the store takes you to little Italy, or maybe Italy itself.   Best thing of all the food. AMAZING pie! (pizza pie that is).  If you know New York pizza then you know what we mean.  If you like NY pizza then you will Love Cugino's.  If you re looking for a great Italian deli, these folks do way more than pizza and everything I have tried has been spectacular.
4	The chicken cutlets are truly glorious here as is the Meatball parmesan sub. Perhaps the top sandwich is the Donnie's Special, which includes that fresh mozz and those cutlets. Bread might get a bit soggy from too much vinegar, but you will be full. Also the macaroni and potato salad are homemade and old school with big chunks of potatoes and large shells used in Mac salad. Fresh Cannoli's also deserve mention. These are filled as you wait, not just sitting in the shelf all day. As for pasta, the Baked Ziti Sicilian suffered from a lack of cheese on top and needed more of that great sauce. I can over look that meal and will be focusing on trying more of these great sandwiches. Always plenty of lunch specials also.
5	Have been coming to this place for years when it was still called Villa Pizza.  I spoke with the owner, and learned that he broke from the franchise because he would not conform to their cookie-cutter pizza recipe, thus had to change the name.  Thank god he did because this pizza is superb.Authentic New York Style pizza-- what more is there to say?  The crust is thin, but not too thin; both crunchy and doughy; and the perfect  balance between cheesy and saucy.Best pizza in Vegas, hands down.
5	I've been frequenting Cugino's (formerly Villa Pizza) for as long as it has been in Vegas.  As a kid I remember walking in to what I would call a typical dive pizza joint.  The owner/manager was an avid Jeopardy watcher, a trait for which my family has coined him "Jeopardy man."  Although the ambience leaves something to be desired, the pizza is remarkable.  Thin crunchy crust topped with a smooth, understated pizza sauce and just the right amount of salty, gooey cheese makes for the best  texture, flavor & craving satisfaction.  Without a doubt the absolute best pizza in Las Vegas.
4	Been back many times since and must add that the Eggplant Parm is clearly the best in town. The breaded cutlets are sliced thin and are just true perfection. Also the salad that comes with the meal has some muscle and includes big tomatoes, olives and pepperchini's too with homemade dressing. Rice Balls are also great too.
5	Probably the best pizza oven you could use in Vegas for a pizza! Pizza is excellent! The owners are great guys, the Italian sub is also my favorite! Cant say no to anything, small menu but they cook it perfect!
5	They only closed this location. They've been open at 6584 N Decatur for over a year. Same great food, same great owners. It's worth the drive from the old location.
5	Cugino's is NOT CLOSED.  They moved to a new location at 6584 N Decatur Blvd, # 140 (Decatur / Rome). Las Vegas, NV 89131. They have the same phone number  (702) 631-4677 and the same great food and service.
