3	So, you're on ASU's campus surrounded by throngs of Cali-Wannabes and fellow heat-strokers.  You don't want to wait 3 hours in line at the Memorial Union, or you're trying to avoid undergrads altogether.  If you're on the west side of the Tempe campus (close to Mill) then I suggest you think about going to Sack's.  Clearly, the best thing about this place is the location.  You can walk to Sack's from the MU in less time than it takes to get to your car. But the food is pretty decent too.  Given that they're working with something as everyday as sandwiches, Sack's do some good stuff.  They offer traditional American cuisine (club sandwiches etc), tasteful variants (Southwestern and Italian styles), and even some vegetarian/vegan offerings.  Pricewise, it's not as cheap as Subway, but then well worth the extra mile hike in the heat.PS- not open for dinner
3	I hated Sacks when I first moved here, but I have come to accept it as part of my life.  Though the sandwich names are pretentious, they are, unfortunately,  better than the other "classic" sandwich places in the area (insert a cough in which you swear you hear me say "Bison Witches").  And the cookie (when they haven't run out) is a joyous end to any lunch time adventure (as long as you don't accidentally throw it out).
3	I'm not sure what all the fuss is about.  The ASU community LOVES Sack's, but I found it underwhelming the past few times I've been.The O'Keefe sandwich is my type of sandwich. Grilled chicken breast, sauteed mushrooms, swiss cheese, avocado, lettuce, tomato, honey mustard on a baguette.  Delicious sounding combination eh? The execution, though, leaves something to be desired.  There was hardly any chicken. In fact I found the whole sandwich to be on the light side.  Everything seemed a bit sparse inside the baguette.  The bread was ok.  I've heard the Symphony and Encore are pretty good too.The chocolate chip cookie that comes with the sandwich is bonus, but one time I got exactly one chocolate chip in the cookie.  WTF? The side salads are tasty, and for me is the saving grace.   The oriental (isn't Asian, the right term?) noodle salad is my favorite.  Subtle hints of soy and ginger and with sesame seeds. Mmmm.Sacks is OK, but I'd rather go to Dilly's Deli if I'm in the area.
3	I too, don't get what the fuss is all about.I park in the parking lot that Sacks is located in.  Every morning I get out of my car and the air is permeated with the smell of bacon.   However, at this point (around 10am) its closed.  Not that I would order a bacon, egg, and cheese but I couldn't even if I wanted to.  Whats up with that?The sandwiches are quite meh....they don't really offer any of the sandwiches that I normally go for.   I really don't think its worth it at all if there is a wait (and with the MU closed there is an even bigger wait these days)....The iced tea is fairly decent but I'd rather just get it from the little shack thingy outside my building.
2	First of all, the hours, this place keeps the most absurd hours for a restaurant serving 50,000+ students and faculty.  I cannot tell you how many times I've walked over to get a sandwich and Sacks has been closed.  They open sometime in the morning and close at about 2 or 3 in the afternoon, I can't report definitively what the hours are because they do not list them on Sacks' website, apparently they are trying to keep it a secret.  I understand a sandwich shop in downtown Phoenix keeping these hours, but here is an update for the owners of Sacks: ASU students and faculty do not keep bank hours.The quality of the food is substandard but the sandwiches are priced reasonably.
3	I love Sacks for take-out. They have some of the best sandwiches around. I especially love the Impressionist (the veggie sandwich) and the salmon sandwich (forgot what it's called). Their bread is always fresh and they have lots of delicious sandwich add-ons like fresh avocado and sprouts. They're no NY deli, but then again, they're not trying to be.Get your sandwich to go or have them cater a lunch. One thing to keep in mind that their hours are unpredictable and that they're never open when you want them to be!
4	Sack's   " Encore "  sandwich with hot peppers and yogurt...  I wont say more ...
5	Fresh ingredients, one of a kind sandwiches, and accomodating staff. Don't let a long line scare you away, it moves really fast. I recommend trying the daily specials, always interesting and absolutely delicious. Large menu to chose from, or create your own. And that free cookie is a perfect sweet ending. (Vegetarian friendly, just let them know!)
5	Oh, Sacks, you lovely lady.  Everything I've had from you has been great.  You're a doll early in the morning, letting me feast on a chorizo, avocado and pepper jack all mixed up on egg sammie.  At lunch you tantalize me with your specials, how do you keep coming up with new takes on the same old sandwich?Is it that your location is on the way to my office?  Is it that your selection of ice teas numbers the amount of fingers on my hand?  Your varying kinds of breads including tomato basil and something-chive?  No, no, no, it is the freakin cookie you put in my bag with every order!  It's like you're my nanny, girlfriend and second home all in one.If I have a gripe with you it is this, well, I don't know how to say this, but... your coffee sucks.***Edit: Sacks now has great coffee!***  five stars now.
4	I don't think I would have made it through some of my long days in the dance department at ASU without a lunch from Sacks. I have had sandwiches and salads alike at this fine establishment, hardly any of which have left me unsatisfied. The free cookies are yummy and a nice pick me up on a hard day. Plus definitely dig the vegetarian options, mostly because its more than just some cheese and veggies on bread.  Lastly, I might add that amidst the chaos of the lunch hour, they would never falter in their efficiency to make the perfect sandwich. My one complaint was that I wished it was open in the evenings. Evening classes or rehearsals may have gone a little better with some  pre-dance deliciousness.
4	It says a lot that I've eaten at Sacks at least 200 times in the almost 5 years since I've been working at ASU, and I don't have a sense of dread or utter despair when I walk through the door.Yep, sandwiches. Done well and with a fair amount of variety.If I ever move away from Tempe I will need to have Sacks ship me several gallons a week of their "Famous Market Spice Tea." It tastes like regular ice tea that someone has dissolved Fireballs candies into, but, you know, in a good way. I'm assured that it is actually made from a raw spice and tea blend. Whatever - I'm addicted.My main beef with Sacks at this point is that they need to get with the green: their produce isn't organic or even particularly local, and the Styrofoam cups are a drag.
5	A little surprise in my Sacks sack today: an extra cookie!  They usually just include one cookie, but I guess I got the hook-up.  That and it was Facebook drink day, meaning I mentioned the occasion and got a free drink out of it.Sacks continues to be well staffed with nice folk and innovative with their sandwiches.  I'll definitely keep them at 5 stars because at their price bracket they offer a serious and original sandwich.  I'm still buzzing from the ice tea I had at lunch (or maybe it's the extra cookie).
4	Sacks is a different kind of sandwich shop. They have some crazy ingredients like varied sauces and mayos, fresh spinach, grilled peppers, and all sorts of other things you don't see at a typical deli. Then they serve it up on a baguette, wrap, or wheat bread for about $6. The specials are particularly diverse and change daily. On the other side of the coin, their website is horrible and occasionally we find some things missing or not quite right, but we chalk that up to charm and whimsy. (We get a weekly Sacks delivery.)If you want a basic ham and cheese sandwich, you can get that here. If you want a sandwich like their Blue Bayou, which is spicy marinated chicken served with bacon, bleu cheese crumbles, cheddar jack, mushrooms, spinach, and chipotle mayo, all melted down, well, you can get that here too, but only on the days when it's a special. From their regular, artist-inspired menu, their Dali is an instant classic take on the egg salad: This one comes with lettuce, bacon, cream cheese, mayo, and tomato, on 12-grain bread. The Encore has prime steak, melted provolone, hot/mild/or mixed peppers, feta yogurt or marinara sauce, lettuce, tomato, and parmesan for $6.30. Seriously, give this place a shot and you won't be disappointed. Oh, and every sandwich comes with a lovely cookie. Brilliant.
5	The title of their website says it, well, best: "Best_Sandwiches."
4	Missing star for all those paper bags that go useless into the trash. Can't they think of less paper and other kind of water cups?I've tried it 3 times, and for me it would be great if they had also multigrain or brown baguettes. Other than that...service is really nice, flavors are fresh and they have good mix of ingredients.
3	This is a pretty decent sandwich place. I don't know if it's someplace I'd go to often, but they seem to have quality ingredients and a few pretty good sandwich choices.I had a BBQ beef sandwich with havarti on sourdough. The bread was nice and buttery, and the overall flavor was pretty good. The included cookie was an unexpected plus.
4	Went here today and I loved my sandwich! It was 'The Impressionist' and I think that is their only vegetarian sandwich available. I docked off the star because the trash was filled with paper bags and styrofoam cups - can't we get a recycle bin? I mean, yeah some people will still be stupid and put it in the wrong bin, but if you advertise it i'm sure people would be down to recycle the bags/cups! Makes no sense to me.. Also, I had brought my own canned drink, and their ice machine was out of ice. I got a few cubes out of the machine, but really, I MUST have ice!! So I was kind of disappointed with that. Anyway, I really liked my sandwich. The bread was some kind of 12-Grain and I really liked it, it was a very 'homemade'. Everything on the sandwich was fresh and overall I just liked how it was put together. Oh, and you get a little mini surprise cookie! (Which I thought was delicious).It was kind of pricey just for a sandwich, since you (or I) could really just make a sandwich at home. But I definitely plan on going back someday!
3	So I went here for lunch today for the first time, which is ridiculous because my program is located directly east of this place. I ordered a sandwich... can't remember the name..... it had steak, onion, jalapenos, and a whole lot of lettuce.... oh and a yogurt feta sauce. The guy who was working there was very friendly and helpful. The sandwich was good, but I thought they went heavy on the sauce and the shredded lettuce.... half the sandwich was lettuce, that was not so good. The meat, however, was tasty and so was the sauce (thanks for the recommendation guy who works behind the counter!). I also got a cute mini chocolate chip cookie!!! Woot. I would definitely come back here again, but I might order something else...
5	So many people have never been to this Sacks. It certainly doesn't help that there seems to be no parking anywhere near them (there is, its in front of the business!). It also doesn't help that there are almost 3 acres of parking lot separating it from University and it is almost invisible from Mill. Nonetheless, Sacks makes ridiculously good sandwiches. They have the best ingredients (fresh crisp spinach and sprouts, amazing sauces) and excellent bread.They also have breakfast, it is wonderful. There "Build your own" breakfast wrap (burrito) is a regular for me.You can always order one of their sandwiches, choose an interesting special (cold sandwich, hot sandwich, or salad), build your own salad, and answer a trivia question for a free drink! The staff is fun, especially when they are super hung-over at 8:30 in the morning! Call them on the hang over, you'll usually get an invite to a party.They can be super busy at lunch, they get really efficient then though. The concept is kind of brilliant in its simplicity (like art). No matter what you order, it comes in sack that is the same bag they write your order and name on. They'll call out your name and leave the bag for you to pick up. You can then eat there or take it wherever you like! Special Hint: During the summer they are open 7am until 2pm but are almost never busy so its great to go!
4	kinda expensive but sandwiches are yummy!go to essence bakery nearby for a macaroon dessert!
3	I really, really want to like this place more than I do. They have a cheerful atmosphere, even when it's packed with the Trixies and Trevors from ASU. The "art" on the walls is *so* bad that it makes for some fun conversation. They even give you a cookie with your order. The sandwiches aren't bad, but nothing to look forward to. Really, this one's all about location. Apparently they have some kind of breakfast, but I've never tried it.
3	Sacks knows how to make a tasty sandwich and is a great place for lunch. It has a very eclectic, perhaps bizarre, menu that I don't actually care for myself. However, the trick is that Sacks will create you whatever kind of sandwich you want, so you don't have to order off of the menu. Sacks has an interesting system, whereby it uses a little checklist printed on its bags to take your order. When you step up to the counter, you just tell the cashier what you want and it gets checked off the list. Your sandwich is made and placed back in your bag. Sacks uses a flat grill, which ensures that your bread is nicely toasted and cheese is melted.My top recommendation is that, no matter what sandwich you order, you start with the tomato basil bread. This bread has the best flavor and makes me wish every sandwich I eat was made with it. My personal favorite sandwich to order at Sacks is a pepper-jack grilled cheese with tomato and bacon on tomato basil bread. Sacks also has a nice selection of iced teas. There are a few imperfections with Sacks as well. For one, this location is right on the ASU campus and gets extremely busy at times. Often, the line can be found wrapping outside the door and around the corner of the building. Further, even after ordering, there have been a few times where my order took quite some time to be made (~15-20 minutes). For these reasons, I do not recommend going to Sacks when you are on the go and need fast service. I have found that the drinks can run out during the lunch rush and they are slow to be refilled, so if you happen to come at the wrong time, you might not be able to get the tea or lemonade that you like. Lastly, I have noticed that the quality of sandwiches can vary. Sometimes they are cooked better than others and I have found them to use less than fresh vegetables on a few occasions. Hence, you shouldn't expect a great deal of consistency in your sandwiches from visit to visit.Overall, Sacks is a place that I recommend for a flavorful lunch sandwich. Creating your own favorite sandwich is welcomed and the best way to be satisfied with your meal. Avoid the lunch rush when you can.
4	I've come here too many times to count during my time at ASU.  Each time I've frequented this place, I've pretty much inhaled whatever sandwich I got.  I like the fact that you can customize your sandwich to order and I really like the fact that you get a little chocolate chip cookie for free with your order!  (Their jumbo cookies are pretty darn good too!)  Avoid this place during the lunch rush, as the queue can literally snake outside and around the building.  Prices may seem on the high side for "just" a sandwich, but the ingredients are fresh and the people behind the counter are generally cool.  Now....to work on using non-styrofoam cups....let's make this place even better and greener!
4	I am a SANDWICH FANATIC!!!!!Sack's is one of my fav sandwich shops. It was my go to spot for lunch last semester at ASU. These days I can only afford to go on occasion. Great sandwiches just wish they would come down on their prices a bit to make it more pocket friendly.Nice bonus if you "like" on fb as they offer free drinks from time to time. Oh, and the cookie you get with your sandwich is a nice touch. And there is also the punch card. 10th sandwich is free!The impressionist and jazz are my fav sammies. One is a veggie and the other is bacon, turkey and avocado. The crew comes up with some pretty tasty sandwich specials, sometimes they sound crazy, but trust they will be delicioso!Downside is parking. There's like 5 spots. Great option for students and ASU staff, not so much for passerbyers (try the Sack's on Hardy if you need to park).
4	I am salivating as I think about Sacks - sits on ASU campus - off Mill and the visitor parking lot behind COOR. During the semester it is PACKED for lunch. But they are pretty good about moving through the line. The sandwich options are many, the quality of ingredients is excellent and you get a cookie with every 'wich. There's a Subway across the street, but if you are in the mood for a REAL sandwich with exceptional quality this is your place. I recommend the Veggie - one of the best versions of this I have ever had. (Average sandwich, plus drink and side will run $9-12)
4	I love sandwiches and Sacks' are my favorite in the valley! The Impressionist is a veggie sandwich that is far more interesting than most others around town.  Though not advertised on the menu, most sandwiches can also be purchased as halves, rather than whole.
4	This place is Amazing!!! *** I LOVE THEIR SANDWICHES THUS FAR!!!! "The Michelangelo "  was one of the the most incredible sandwiches that I have had in my life!!! I wish I could remember everything that it had, but that doesn't matter because you should try them out yourself!!! This place is great!!! Truly Great!!! YUM, YUM!!! :)
4	If I could give it 4.5, I would. Great sandwiches, good salads. Quick service and very friendly staff. I eat here at least once a week. I can think of maybe one time that I thought my salad had too much dressing. I'm going to keep going back. Look out because it's very busy during the lunch hour given that it's right next to ASU. There may not be anywhere left to sit but you can always take your food to go! The rush hour is 12pm-1pm. Still, you won't find yourself waiting more than 5 minutes for your food.Why not 5 stars? The bathroom. It's not entirely clean. I usually avoid it. So, 0.5 star deduction for that.
4	Yum. I like it! I wish they were open more often. Hello! I like to eat!! I had the O'Keefe today and thought it was awesome. I used to like ordering some Thanksgiving type sub, but I didn't see it on the menu. Do you guys still make it? If so, I'll be back!
5	A hidden gem on campus!  The staff are friendly and know me by name.  I have sampled most of their sandwiches and they're all delicious.   And the free cookie coming with the meal is just a nice touch.  Love this place.
4	Sacks is a great place to go if you're craving sandwiches and you happen to be on/around ASU's Tempe campus. It's a cute little sandwich shop and all of the sandwiches have artist names. The sandwiches are delicious - the bread always seems fresh and they have a great selection of hot and cold sandwiches. Every day they have two special sandwiches and I've never been disappointed with my choice. They also had a trivia question for a free drink. I came here once with a coworker who always ordered the same sandwich and she decided to get out of her comfort zone slash think outside the box with one of the special sandwiches on the whiteboard. The one she chose was the Georgia O'Keeffee (pretty hilarious sandwich to explore/think outside the box with...get it? do...do you get it?)
1	Just walked out on a $20 order,disgusting pigs. Use it to buy some gloves, and a food handlers course.
3	a little pricey if your eating for two but the sandwiches are pretty good. they serve you a healthy amount.
3	Sacks is a great little sandwich shop located right on ASU's campus. My friends love coming here and I do enjoy the unique sandwiches, but I always have a hard time justifying paying as much as I do at this place. Great sandwiches (the O'Keefe is a winner) and a fun spot, but I just find it a little too pricey for a sandwich shop.
