5	To qualify my review: this place gets 5 stars on account of it being in Waunakee where there's not much to eat.  It's basically just a good small town family diner.  Cheap prices, friendly service, and big heaping servings of comfort food.  My favorite sandwich is the Club Classic, a triple-decker turkey club made with real roast turkey, not cold cuts.  Awesome.  Order a sandwich "deluxe" and it comes with a cup of soup (just get the chicken soup) and your choice of side (choices include friggin spaghetti with meat sauce!).  Otherwise they have great breakfast food all day, and big huge awesome looking cakes and pies.  Extra points for the bluehairs that seem to be in there every time I go there.
2	Food was just o.k. Had the ocean perch , the dessert that came with dinner for free was rice pudding.it was watery,like it had been sitting there for a long while.Iv'e had better.
3	Very friendly place. I go for breakfasts and other than the very dry cooked hash browns, the food is good.  Prices very reasonable.
4	Very good breakfasts,reasonable with attentive service!
4	I was very happy to find this decent local breakfast place. Does a good business on the weekends, but we've never a wait to be seated. Friendly service. Nothing fancy or trendy but made better by the absolute lack of other options in Waunakee. That said,my eggs are always perfectly done and my daughter makes happy sounds when she eats their biscuits. The only disappointment was the hashbrowns which are pretty dry and tasteless.  Easy to miss it tucked in a strip mall by the hardware store, but a safe bet for a good breakfast if you are in the area.
2	Very affordable, but you get what you pay for. The food is average at best...but the soup is usually pretty great! Staff ehhh if you're lucky you'll get a sweet waitress.
4	Very good diner.  My family and I hit it up on the weekend's for breakfast or late lunches at least once a month.  Staff is always friendly and service has been great, especially with kids.  Breakfasts are very good with the standard breakfast fare and priced very reasonable, don't feel bad adding that extra order of bacon or pancakes.  Lunches are also pretty standard fare for a diner but taste great and the prices again are very reasonable.  The only thing keeping it from being a 5 star in my mind is just the fact that it is a standard diner, no frills, no interesting twists on anything, but very solid.
