3	It's fast, their friendly, it's cheap and it can be healthy if you order the right thing.I tried the new Garlic Garlic Chicken, did I mention the Garlic?  It was good and a better choice than anything fried.  White chicken, veggies and a dark garlic sauce on steamed white rice, somewhat healthy.
1	Went there today with my kids the manager was so rude and could careless what the food looks or tastes like. The teriyaki chicken is always burnt after they chop it up they leave the scraps on the counter.  I went to use the restroom only to discover that the toilet would not flush thank goodness I only had to pee! When I mentioned it to the manager she just shrugged it off. This place is an embarrassment to our neighborhood! !
5	All I can say is yum!!!! I came here today for dinner with my hubs and I am already craving more. I asked him if we could come back tomorrow night. He said yes because Panda Express is not only affordable, it is delicious. I like to get the chow mein even though it is not the healthiest dish on their menu. That's why I also got the shiitake kale chicken breast. Delicious! Highly recommend.
2	Not impressed. Been there over 8 times the last 2 months. Cold, Burnt, Rock hard orange chicken. Rice all clumped together and tasted frozen. So not a fan of this Panda. There are other ones farther away that I would rather drive too and get better food. I love Panda - just not this location.
4	I really like the vibe at this Panda. There are Chinese lanterns hanging from the ceiling and hipster music playing. I had to bump 1 star because the guy making my plate was chintzy on the entree portions. I ordered the shrimp entree which is $1.25 extra, but then he picked me out 5 or 6 shrimp and I had to ask him to include some walnuts since they were supposed to be part of the dish. Most of the entrees were available and plentiful. Good experience
3	I'm a big chinese food guy I love it I could eat it everyday. Obviously you know what your getting with Panda Express so I won't write a review about the food although I do like it for fast chinese. My pet peeve about this place is half the items they offer are always empty. Don't get me wrong the staff for the most part is very friendly and has no problem cooking a new batch for you but why is that not already done before it ask for it? If you advertise yourself as a fast food chinese place I don't want to have to wait 5-10 minutes for you to cook a fresh batch the employees when something is running low should tell the cook hey we're running low on .... And have it ready to go seems like common sense but I guess not.. I do enjoy the food though when it is fresh
5	I feel funny leaving a review for Panda Express, but I was so pleased with the quality of the food that I feel this is deserved. If you go during lunch or dinner, the food is always hot and fresh. The service is good and the restaurant is clean. Their staff is also very friendly.Naturally, I usually get Orange Chicken and it's awesome!
4	Hey everybody, sorry it's taken me so long to review this Panda Express but what can I say - I've been busy lately. If you're not familiar with Panda Express then let me give you the low-down and fill you in on the scoop:Panda Express is a chain and I personally know that they have locations from Philly to Phoenix because I have been to them first hand and definitely know what I am talking about, but this review is for one SPECIFIC location so listen up. This place has Chinese food, and basically everyone who works there is Chinese I think, so by definition that's pretty authentic. The food quality here has a pretty big range, depending on when you show up. If it's a busy time and lots of people are ordering then it's pretty fresh and delicious, and there's a lot to choose from. If you come at an off-time, then expect that the food has been sitting under their little heat lamp glass armor fort thing for a while, and might not be up to your high standards, but if that's the case I guess you're the one who screwed up because I already warned you about that in my review, you big dungus!The atmosphere here is actually pretty nice for a fast food joint. It's on the corner of a shopping center and there's lots of windows and good seating so if you're going to hang out, you can just look out the window at the people walking by, and there's a McDonalds just outside and you can make faces at the people in the drive thru.As for the service, it's pretty average. The people are nice, and they let you sample things if you want, but nobody's ever been particularly excited to serve me Chinese food there, which I guess makes sense because I wouldn't be excited to do that either.
