4	I just can't get enough of this place. I know they are all around the valley and the food is not amazing, but I just can't help but come back almost every weekend!This is a perfect place for students/teachers who need to devote a whole day to study or do work without worrying about leaving to eat. They have great salads and amazing soups, but by far the BEST COOKIES EVER!! I think I have tried almost every single one, but my favorite are still the chocolate chip coconut. Delicious! Try the Southwest Ceasar salad. It's pretty darn good too.
4	I grabbed an early lunch here on a rainy Sunday morning.  This was one popular place for Sunday brunch - tons of people enjoying an omelette while reading the newspaper or surfing the internet.  Even though it was packed I was still able to grab a table in the corner and enjoy my delicious vegetarian sandwich.  I was surprised my meal came with a cookie...so much for my healthy meal!  I wish we had a place like this back home, it's a nice change to Subway.
3	C is for cookie and that's good enough for me.I was first intoduced to this play by co-workers brinking back cookies. They were good but nothing special.I poeped in for a lunch as was greeted by bread and pesto samples. A good start as I love each one of those things.Upon looking at the menu I realized this place mostly had girl food, sandwiches, soups, salads and some breakfast  stuff.I went for the old veggie sandwich. It was nice that it had pesto and some roasted veggies, the flavor was nice. As with most girl food places it was too small to really fill me up. and for the almost $7 it should have.It is funny watching business people use the free wifi and try to use this spot for a business meeting as it is not really a good place for that.If you are in the area and want more than just a Starbucks selection of girl food you may want to stop in.
4	I go here for the free wifi and the bleu cheese crumble salad. That's it. Bleu cheese, craisins, sunflower seeds all on a bed of romaine. LOVE IT. I don't think I've ever had anything else on the menu, now that I think about it. Free wifi will get me in every time, that's for sure! I chose this location because I was in Phoenix in-between activities, and didn't want to drive back to Gilbert. This was at the Biltmore, and yeah, you knew you were in a Paradise Bakery at the Biltmore. Kind of funny actually. What can I say? I like to people-watch. :-)
5	I used their catering service for the first time and was 100% impressed with everything.  Tami took my order and everything was received perfectly and on time... they even put each sandwich in bag with each individuals name on it... very professional.  I'll keep on using Paradise Bakery in the future.
4	Came here in search of a healthy lunch while visiting Phoenix and was not disappointed. I had the signature Fuji apple salad with grilled chicken. It was a generous size (ordered the large); everything was fresh and I loved the house dressing. The Asian chicken wrap is also very good. I would love it if they offered whole wheat and brown rice as alternatives to the standard refined carb version. Each order comes with a complimentary fresh baked chocolate chip cookie, yummy! The zucchini muffins are also delicious. Prices are reasonable. Do not drink the coffee! It sucks. I've had better coffee at IHOP. Not only does it taste like dish water but it also gave both myself and the other person who had it the runs.
4	They have a yummy quiche for breakfast, delicious soup filled sourdough bread bowls, a decent chicken walnut salad sandwich (I recommend getting it on a croissant), and phenomenal oatmeal chocolate chip nibblers! If I have one complaint it's that people with computers seem to totally take over all of the inside tables just for the free wifi. I don't typically have a problem with people who take advantage of free wifi at eateries but when you have a party of three and you're looking for a table during the breakfast/lunch rush only to find that every four top and booth is being usurped for hours at a time by a single person with a coffee and a huge computer, it gets super annoying.
3	Prime location and a convenient stop. It's your typical Paradise Bakery, but nothing over-the-top special. I ordered the soup in the bread bowl. The presentation could have been better. They took the top off the bread, scooped out a bit of the bread and filled it with the soup. I guess I had in mind more bowl and less eating an entire roll. The best part here are their cookies...and location.
4	I thought long and hard about taking away a star after the Panera Bread/Paradise Bakery merger - especially since they have discontinued my beloved quiche; but the people are so darn friendly there and the broccoli cheese soup in a bread bowl covered in extra shredded cheddar is so amazingly delicious I just can't. For the record, I'd like to re-iterate my "BOO" for the decision to strike quiche off the menu but it's still a decent place to grab lunch or a snack. BOO! (one last time...)
2	I never tasted "Paradise" until a recent visit to Arizona. They have some slogan about being known for their cookies. I felt like the gauntlet was thrown, so I took up the challenge. I decided to get two chocolate chip cookies. The clerk working here was nice and gave me two for the price of one since it was near the end of the day. The cookies didn't look incredible, but looks can be deceiving. In this case, they weren't.Mr. L and I waited until our Greyhound Bus ride to Tucson to try them. They were too sugary and did not taste good. We weren't interested in finishing them - not worth the calories nor the effort of chewing. Mr. L said Pepperidge Farm Chocolate Chip Cookies were better, not that Pepperidge Farm cookies are the pinnacle of greatness or bad either, but I expected better from a bakery that brags about their cookies. The cookies were the perfect 2 star complement to sitting by the bathroom on the back of the Greyhound Bus. Instead of finding paradise in the cookie form, it was more like "Paradise Lost."
4	Good place for lunch, but gets a little busy. Tried several different things here, and all have been quite yummy. Decent prices & service was a-aight.  Overall- doesn't suck at all.
3	The food is generally good. Good choices on sandwiches and salads. You have to watch though when busy (eg. lunch). They take your order and you wait. And now two times in a row the order is messed up. You need to watch orders as they get overwhelmed.
4	My boyfriend introduced me to Paradise Bakery and now I am a fan! I came here a few days ago for lunch with my friend. I wanted a BLT but they didn't have it on the menu so they made one for me. I got it on a croissant, which was flaky and buttery! And I got a bowl of their steak chili that was fantastic! All of their meals come with a cookie to complete everything. Welcome to Paradise!
2	This is really a chain restaurant that relies on marketing, because if they had to stand on their food they would be closed by now. If you read the menu, you think there is something amazing awaiting you. When the food actually arrives, it truly disappoints. Take the walnut chicken salad sandwich on molasses bread. My first thought is of big chunks of white chicken breast, celery, walnuts, maybe apple, a light toss with may and heaped onto a dense, sweet, dark wheat bread that has the molasses taste hitting every note when you bite into the savory chicken salad. What you get is a bland drippy mess.The turkey cranberry makes me think of a Thanksgiving menu, then you get it and think if the Pilgrims were served this, they would have packed up the Mayflower and left.The rest of the menu is basic Panera Bread. Which means its bad food under any name. Unfortunately, there are not many Corner Bakeries in AZ, so if you are here, you are stuck with Paradise, and it aint no paradise.
4	I thought going at 1pm I would avoid the lunch crowd.  WRONG!  This place was packed to the gills!  The line was all the back by the double entry doors.  It does move quickly!  And after I paid, I went to fill up my drink before I found my seat, my food found me.They have a 2 for deal now:  I got mac & cheese and 1/2 a sandwich.  The mac & cheese was GOOD.  I got the turkey sandwich with swiss & mayo.  OK, this sandwich was GOOD.   Love the cookie that comes with the meal.
1	OMG, this place is horrible. So, for many years I've enjoyed Paradise Bakery on multiple Phoenix/Scottsdale trips. I noticed this location and had about 1 hour to kill in between 2 meetings.First problem: Cash register is a single point of failure. There's probably 220 feet of counter space with one cash register. Really bad design!!! Of course, I go when the "not so bright" girl is working and the elderly man and woman change their mind and re-order the single coffee and single tea 3 different times. There's no one else working and I really need something to drink.I'm gasping and exasperated, and at this point spot a tray of large paper cups. Though, I'm tempted to just steal a drink and leave money on the table, I remember this is Phoenix and they shoot Californians for this. So, I take my paper cup and fill it with ice water and go start using the "Free wifi".  After a bit, I assume the elderly couple has moved on, so I go back to order. Now she has a line because she's show and the patrons aren't helping. I go back to my laptop and get a message that my 30 minutes of free wifi is done. At this point, I'm both pissed and hungry, so I left.This place should have their franchise licensed pulled as they give Paradise a horrible name. They left such a negative impression that I didn't visit the Scottsdale Paradise, nor will I.
3	I met my college roommate here for lunch one day.  It's been a while since I was at a Paradise Bakery (if ever possibly) and they hit one of my pet peeves.  There are different stations where you order sandwiches and salads and it's a cafeteria line style.   My pet peeve comes in with the areas not being clearly marked and the workers presuming you've been there a million times and not telling you to order from the next person without looking at you like you're crazy.  UGH.  I hate feeling like an idiot just because I've never been in a place before and don't know your ordering process.  Ok, end rant.I got a Paradise Club.  The meat tasted a bit processed, but the croissant was delicious!  The Dijon vinaigrette was also quite tasty!  The food was brought out fairly quickly to the table and they didn't seem to mind us lingering for quite some time while chatting and catching up.  It was ok and I'd definitely stop in here again, but wouldn't be a priority place for lunch for me if I was in Scottsdale.  On a side note, there were people using the free WiFi and Skyping in the place.  Who skypes in public like that?  I really wanted to jump in and say hi to whoever was chatting, but thought the folks may get upset.
4	Cool environment. Refillable coffee / tea. Average food and a bit pricy.  Great location.
3	Consistently good and fresh food.  Yummy chippers cookies.  Chicken salad sandwich is fantastic.    Drawbacks: don't move the line fast enough during rush and the parking in front with the horrible yellow disk that has to be validated is a nightmare...hard to navigate in a big car and always clogged up during the rush hours.  Dinging two stars for the parking catastrophe.
1	Won't ever come back here again! I came in and was waiting in line to order a sandwich and was shocked to realize the people in front of me were actually his friends. Finally he took my order (very rudely like i totally bothered him) 2-3 minutes later and as I left he went back to talking to them instead of making my damn sandwich. No excuses for such poor service. Oh and by the way the sandwich sucked and was burned.
2	I want to review the food I ate here, but I can't because I didnt actually get to eat.I had 15 minutes before work to grab something. The line wasn't too long so I didn't think anything of it.Except there was only one cashier ringing people and taking orders. She chit-chatted with the man in front of me for so long that I ran out of time and had to leave empty handed. I tried to make eye contact with her to let her see my distress but she was too engrossed to notice.I will not fault her for being polite with a regular guest or whoever he was but this is the morning rush hour. You can't take that much time on each patron when people have such limited time. Annoying.
2	Great menu and ambiance, but poor execution.  Ordered Breakfast Power Sandwich on whole wheat bagel, got it on regular bread heavily grilled with butter. Not a healthy choice, and they screwed up the order. Cashier was super grumpy, and I let her know, she didn't care.
2	I love Paradise Bakery.  I may have frequented every location in the valley, (some more than others), for business meetings.  I have been to this location many times but have never been more disappointed. The manager seemed to be more disorganized than his staff. He got my friend's order wrong and he kept walking away from me when I was trying to give him my order. I overheard the staff venting to one another about how they weren't getting breaks.  Also, the WiFi was limited to 30 minutes  in the middle of the day on a Saturday! It wasn't even busy enough to warrant such a limitation!  I look forward to this location being as efficient as it has been in the past.
3	More of the same.  Coffee is decent, Wi-Fi is limited during peak hours, and the place is jammed packed most of the day.  This city needs more Wildflower.
1	Finally exposed this "fresh" restaurant after asking a few probing questions. Another example of a great reason to avoid chains. Curious about what brand of turkey that was in use here, the nice guy behind the counter went to check and could not figure it out.  After that, it was soon discovered that Paradise has one main distribution center in Phoenix and all restaurants get their food delivered to them which means nothing is even made in the individual stores. The "turkey" comes pre-sliced (think Subway) and the soup is sent over in bags. Not sure what a paradise brand turkey is, but it looked like the lowest form of meat - slimy and it has those edges of brown (the ones you peel off like cheese rind) which can always be found in inferior packaged meats. They also use only two slices of turkey to make their $8 sandwich. The motto of "fresh" needs to be re-examined as well as the heads of all the clueless Phoenix people who love this crappy chain.  Clearly glad that a few questions saved me from a lousy sandwich experience.
1	I used to love the Turkey Cranberry sandwich.  It has changed for the worse.  Now just a couple of crappy slices of turkey that look like something from the back of my fridge.  The cookie quality has declined as well.
4	This place is always packed and loud but the food is good. Its a little on the expensive side but it's the Biltmore and Paradise serves fresher, healthier food than other restaurants so I'll accept that. They do great to customize your order to your specifications. For example, I'm always able to create my own sandwich or get extra cheese on my soup. The reps are helpful if not friendly or overly zealous to attend to you but that could be expected of a place so busy. I always enjoy the free wifi, I didn't think I was a huge Paradise fan until I traveled out of state and was sincerely bummed when I couldn't satisfy my Paradise craving because Paradise isn't in Cali :(
3	I come for the salads & cookies. when I'm feeling it of course.
3	I love their salads and soups! Yes, Paradise is known for their cookies.  I've actually bought over 20 boxes one time for an individual's birthday plus a big cookie.  The staff is really helpful and always friendly.  Personally,  I'm over the cookies and chips but the Chocolate Chip Banana muffin heated is so good anytime of the day!  I'm not a fan of their French Onion but I usually mix the Chicken and Wild Rice with the Broccoli and Cheese.  A cup is under $5 and it's pretty filling with the roll.  Their newest Spinach salad with bacon, mushrooms, and egg is very tasty -sweet mainly and filling.Lunch time can be crazy busy with business professionals and tourists who cannot decide what to get.  Wi-Fi is free for two hours. BEWARE: On Sundays, they do clean out the drains, talk about smelly!
4	It would be difficult to find something on their menu you won't like. Also a great place to meet for a business coffee.
1	i can't believe i'm rating a paradise bakery, but this one is the worst. didn't realize mediocre sandwiches take 20 minutes to make. just don't bother, go someplace worth the  7 dollar sandwich.
4	I used to come to Paradise bakery just for their cookies and chippers.  But now I've come to love their Spinach Power salad and their steak and white cheddar panini.  Both are so delicious and make me full after lunch.  I also get their large iced tea every time - whichever their flavor of the day is.  They are pretty on top of getting through lines - there are stations and people are manning each station so there's no confusion.  If you want a soup or salad, skip the area where you would order a sandwich - it will save you time.  Just go directly to the station that you want and order your food.  I also have their frequent diner card which allows me to get free cookies or salads or sandwiches sometimes.
4	This Paradise Bakery is spacious and offers plenty of indoor seating to accommodate the rush hour. I did notice though that they limited my internet usage to a half hour but I hope that's only during the rush hour. Food wise, my favorite sandwiches are the BLT, the chicken walnut sandwich, the club and the tuna. When it's cold, I love their creamy tomato soup and you can't leave without ordering a cookie or three! The fresh cookies are straight from the oven and melt in your mouth. I often come here for breakfast and order my favorite muffin, the banana chocolate chip or a yogurt parfait. In summary, you can't go run with breakfast or lunch and the seating is plentiful. Just be warned that it might be hard to find parking!
3	I recently reviewed the Paradise Bakery in Old Town, and gave it 4 stars basically saying I'm generally not a huge of the freestanding locations & actually prefer the condensed mall versions. Reason being, I think they have a disorganized ordering process/line system/payment area. For whatever reason, however, the Old Town location is more organized. Well, this particular Paradise Bakery is a more typical free-standing location. Me & my mother both ordered a half sandwich & soup. We ordered our sandwiches as soon as we walked in & then there was this moment of should we/shouldn't we cut in front of the people ordering salads to get our soups (we did, and although nothing was said to us we definitely got a couple dirty looks). That being said, I generally like Paradise Bakery. Like all the rest, this location is clean & the food is good (nothing spectacular, but good).
2	Skip PB and try True Food instead!Too bad biltmore only has one fast casual restaurant and this is it.  All the nicer restaurants are excellent yet paradise bakery fails time and time again.I stopped in for a quick sandwich and the employee didn't make eye contact,  I asked what the price difference is for a whole or half sandwich. She said a "half is the price posted and a whole is $1 less."  Obviously that did not make sense... I just ordered a tomato mozzarella panini.Took my ticket to the cashier, ok same girl. Rang me up no issues.  I did see a fly right by the cookies which aren't even inside a case.As I stand and wait finally the sandwich maker guy asks me if in waiting for an order.  I said tomato mozzarella panini and then he asks half?  I'm like no a full...So I see him make it in front of me. The sandwich itself has melted mozzarella and marinara sauce with fresh tomatoes.  The marinara was slightly weird though I can see why it would need the sauce.  The bread was heavily heavily buttered.  Of course it tasted great and smelled really great but that butter was really heavy plus the marinara.  Not getting that again!I've had the breakfast power sandwich on a asiago bagel which I greatly recommend.  For lunch skip this place and go to cpk, zinburger, or true foods!!
1	Unless your going for coffee, bagel, cookies or a muffin.. avoid their food. My boyfriend and I tried the bolognese pasta and turkey/artichoke panini and it was awful. The bolognese was in a bowl with a roll placed on top, and the pasta was cold.. my boyfriend took it back and they stuck it into a microwave to reheat - the outcome was luke warm pasta and overly cooked unbearably hot roll. The turkey/ artichoke panini tasted like it was gross reheated chicken with no flavor. I will never be back for lunch or dinner at Paradise Bakery.
1	One of the worst dining experiences of my life. Below are word for word notes that I put into my iPhone during this meal.8 PM on Tuesday:-Half bolognese pasta with cold meat sauce. I asked to get a new one and they warmed up in microwave. Received dirty looks. -Full turkey artichoke sandwich, burning hot and turkey tastes like soggy chicken, gross. Good bread.Elderly people in line confused where to order, when they asked chef behind counter he said he was warming food up and will not take an order. After meal went to purchase two bagels to go, the employee gave us a full dozen for the price of two bagels. They were all stale. Note to self: Do not return.
1	The food is good, but this particular location is so unorganized, slow and dirty it's ridiculous. Unfortunately, they are one of the fast and close lunch options for employees of the Biltmore Mall complex, so they continue to get our business. Avoid lunch hours and don't expect friendly service.
1	I had the worst panini I've ever had. It was the smokehouse turkey and it wasn't even edible. It tasted processed and looked like they marked the sandwich with grill lines.. I always want to like paradise bakery but it just comes up short every time, think I'm done.
3	I always get a thai chicken salad when I come here and I always end up feeling like Goldilocks. Sometimes the salad bowl is hot (from being just washed?) and it makes the salad get wilty. Sometimes the chicken in the salad is ice cold (one time it was literally still frozen). However I keep coming back because when its good, that Thai salad is seriously good. Exhibit A, my empty salad bowl today.
1	For the love of all that is good and right in the world, why do all of their employees seem to be confused as to the reason they are behind the counter.  Nobody ever seems to know who should be helping customers, and they are almost always busy with other tasks like trying to look busy with other tasks.  I rarely walk out of there not feeling like I rudely interrupted some very important task and I had the nerve to ask them to make me a salad.They are close and sometimes I just really like the feeling of being unwanted, you know.  It's the warm fuzzy feeling you get when someone despises you for asking them to do their job.
3	When you walk in the door of the Biltmore location is smells like sewage.  Not exactly appetizing.  I've actually walked in and then right out without ordering because it's been so bad.  When I can stomach the smell enough to wait in the huge line I'm inevitably annoyed by the ordering process.  They have an employee assigned to each station (salad, sandwich, soup).  The problem is, if you want a salad and so do the ten people in front of you, you have to wait for the one salad maker to take your order as the sandwich person twiddles their thumbs because no one needs a sandwich.  Wouldnt it make more sense to train everyone on all three stations?  The other awkward thing about the line is that if you don't want a salad but want soup, you are supposed to cut in front of everyone waiting for a salad.  All the Q-Tip heads that are spending the winter in AZ that are in the salad line don't understand that you are NOT cutting them by going directly to the soup station.  It's not their fault though...it's Paradise Bakery's fault for having such a stupid ordering process.  It's just awkward and frustrating for everyone involved. When you finally get to the register to pay it's usually worth it because the food is pretty good.  I like their salads and they have awesome cookies.  Food is four starts.  Process is one star.  Average of three stars.
1	Overpriced sandwiches!!Where's the MEAT!Ordered a mediterranean chicken flatbread sandwich. I couldn't even find the chicken there was so much cabbage in it.
2	The kids meals are totally overpriced. My kids are super picky eaters. This severely limits where we can go as a family. All my son wants is a peanut butter and jam sandwich. Honestly he is happy if he can have two slices of bread with peanut butter on one side and jam on the other. 7 bucks for this at Paradise Bakery with one cookie and a juice box. Come on....give a family a break. That is ok for an adult combo but we are talking about two slices of bread and a tablespoon of PB and J. Wow...have to just keep on walking next time.
3	Had a chicken panini... it was ok.  The caesar salad was better.  Nothing special here.
1	I will not be returning
2	I love me some Paradise Bakery cookies, but the staff here has such a bad attitude! They never smile and always have this look like you are burdening them with your presence. I used to work at a Paradise Bakery when I was in high school and my former boss would be raising hell if he saw these guys' sorry attitudes. Go for the food - but don't expect much from the service.
