4	As I was going to get my parking ticket validated, I walked past this little shop just off the check in area almost across from the elevators.  Oh, what a lovely discovery.  They have luscious looking candy, gelato, cupcakes, and several other kinds of goodies available for the person on the go and in the know.I perused the cases before deciding to buy one lemon cupcake and one red velvet cupcake.  They are $3.00 each.  They put them in little boxes with wire holders--much like you get rice for take out.  I was going to show you photos of the cupcakes.  However, they sat in the back of my warm car for three hours, and then they got jostled a tad as I drove them home with several stops on the way.  You'll have to be content to read my review.  The cupcakes were excellent.  They were moist and the frosting was excellent--perhaps a bit sweet, but it was what I was in the mood for.In the heat, the icing tended to flow over the sides.  Oh the hell of getting cupcakes to where you want them in the dessert.  If you're in the area of the GN, I'd certainly give this place a try.
4	Cute shop.  Only tried the Red Velet Cupcake, which had a yummy, sweet creamcheese frosting.  The cake itself was moist.  Next time I'll try the carrotcake cupcake.
4	noms.noms.noms.  I think I started another review like this already, but really -- I stopped in here because the hubs and I were checking out of the Golden Nugget, and it's right past one of their checkin/out desks.  Looks super fancy.  I thought everything would be crazy pricey (super cute + Vegas = $$$ to me), but surprisingly, their ginormous cupcakes were just $3!! And their chocolate-dipped macaroons (or sans-chocolate, same price) were ... shoot, incredibly affordable is all I remember.  AND, it's not like these macaroons were *just* dipped in chocolate either -- I saved these as a treat for myself, rather than sharing them with my friends who were celebrating the big 3-0 (I'm a fab friend, what can I say), and it was like a truffle was stuck to the bottom of those macaroons, talk about a delightful surprise!  Honestly, I don't have much experience with macaroons other than visual, but the softness and coconuttiness (not too much) were very appealing.  And back to those cupcakes -- huge.  Delicious. I got one red velvet for one friend, who shared a bite with me -- moist, tasty, cream cheese frosting was perfect.  I carted around the other two cupcakes for the rest of the trip, and only got to sample the chocolate-chocolate -- also delish.  Nutshell: if you're nearby (ie, downtown), worth the stop.  Would I make a special trip downtown just for these? Despite the 4 stars, I can't in all honesty recommend the hassle it is to get downtown if you're staying on the Strip for a short time.  But come on, who doesn't love downtown anyway :)?  So make it a combo trip, and you'll be a winner.
1	Recently received a gift from this store.  WOW!!  I got a box of matches, thinking it was another box of chocolates!  DO NOT buy any of the pre-packaged gifts/chocolates from this store!
4	Very helpful staff, delicious chocolates!  I tried two of the French BonBons - you should too, you won't be disappointed.
2	I discovered The Chocolate Box while at the Golden Nugget. I absolutely love chocolate and did not hesitate check it out. First, they have lots of little treats and goodies great for gifting or a dessert on the go. I purchased a small box of assorted truffles and a 1/4 lb. of maple walnut fudge. I did not really like the fudge. The truffles on the other hand were okay, not the best.  Do not waste your time or money here.
4	Stuffed to almost full, there is always room for a piece of gourmet chocolate. The Chocolate Box offers a large variety of confectionery goods. I stuck with the mint chocolate truffle. All of their chocolates are massive once they are in your hand. I was amazed by how many bites it took to finish this treat. One~Two~ Wow, I'm not even half way through yet. Three~Four~ The flavor is still good. The ganache is not making me want to throw the rest away.Five~ Six~ Okay, I have finally finished this never-ending morsel.It is definitely bang for your buck in value. Each truffle was only $2.50. The flavors range from White Russian, Salted Caramel, Double Latte, Strawberry Raspberry, to Mint Chocolate. It might take a while to take it all in, but almost impossible to walk away without finding an option that suits your taste.
4	The Chocolate Box had a large variety of chocolate related treats and gelato.  It is located right off one of the lobby's in the Golden Nugget hotel.  I kept coming back here for their cake balls (specifically the S'Mores cake ball), and various chocolate covered pretzels.I only wish open later....
4	While in Vegas at the Golden Nugget in downtown walked by this place and my cousin says they have great chocolate so i decided to look and of course truffles heaven and they also have gelato too which i didn't get but will next time lol. I ended up getting an assorted 6 piece box for 15 bucks chose the truffles i wanted was not disappointed they are a good size normally i could chow down one in one bite but these guys are a little bigger so i had to do it in two bites lol oh i still cant decide which one is my fav i loved all the ones i got Peanut Butter, mint, tirimisu, cherry, double chocolate and one of the latte ones. I'll buy them again even though pricey but what you expect being in Vegas lol. I would recommend you to check it out whenever you're downtown at the Golden Nugget.
4	I will, on occasion, eat like I really don't give a crap about my diet. On those days, I think about this place. It's my go-to place for chocolate truffles whenever I go to Fremont Street. If you need a chocolate fix, go inside the Golden Nugget and look for a tiny shop right across from Vic & Anthony's Steak House. They have cupcakes, gelato, macaroons, and other types of chocolate candies. After spending the day on Fremont Street, I usually pick up a couple of travel companions - a White Russian, and a Tiramisu Truffle. That makes the ride home much more pleasant!
5	This place inside of the Golden Nugget is a chocoholics dream come true the biggest and most extravagantly covered apples i've ever seen. Anything from margarita or chipotle flavored chocolate bars to bags of decadently rich popcorn. HEAVEN
1	My grandma loves marzipan. My mother and grandmother went into The Chocolate Box to check and see if they sold any. When they asked the clerk they were told, "I don't know. I just work here." They turned around and walked out. We'll never be back.
4	After dinner, my friends and I went here to get something sweet to eat. The first thing that caught my attention was the cute design on their truffles. They have espresso, champagne, amaretto, dark cherry, Black Forest, etc. Almond brag, cashew brag, pecan brag in white, milk or dark chocolate. Chocolate-covered strawberries, marshmallows, Oreos, etc.Aside from chocolate, they also have cupcakes and Blue Bell ice cream. They also have Valor chocolates from Spain! Hooray! It's a little chocolate shop so, with me and friends in there with other people - we had to walk sideways.I really liked their cashew brag with dark chocolate...and Cookies n Cream ice cream. Mmmm...
1	This place looked very good so we decided to come in and buy a few goodies, after we selected our chocolates we were ready to pay, so I was going to pay with a gift card and the cashier said that it was declined, which I though it was very weird, so I gave her a credit card and she said it was declined again,  by this time I was loosing my patience, how can 2 different cards be declined? But I said ok ill use my husbands debit card and guess what? Declined! So I just decided not to get the chocolates, too bad they looked so good, that shop either has to fix their register or they can get a new cashier!
