4	My husband and I eat here pretty regularly. Is "traditional" Hawaiian boxed lunch fare healthy? Not so much. Spam is on the menu, people!Think grilled or fried chicken, fish, or beef, sticky white rice, and the most delicious macaroni salad ever. I've not cared for the appetizers, frankly, but we have only tried the Spam musubi and the Crab "Langoons". We really like the BBQ chicken and especially the chicken katsu (breaded chicken cutlets cut into strips- dip into the fabulous zingy katsu sauce). They also have soups, burgers, and salads. The portions are quite large for a "regular" meal. I always make 2 meals out of it, but Hubby can usually finish his. Aloha Kitchen does a few things better (and also has great Kahlua pig on Saturdays which Ono never has), but for a quick and filling out of the ordinary weekday dinner, Ono hits the spot.
5	I've eaten here since they opened and have never had a bad meal.  The chicken katsu is always hot.  The spam musubi is good here though nothing special.The regular size menu items are large enough for 2 sensible meals.  I love the fact that their more popular meals are available in "mini-meal" versions that give you just the right amount of food.
5	Mmmm. Yummy Hawaiian Food!!! Just like in Hawaii. One of my favorites is the Crispy Shrimp. Another is the Seafood Mix, another is the Hamburger Steak. Well you get the idea. I have never had a bad meal here. The plate lunches come with Rice and Macaroni Salad and Veggies. The Macaroni Salad is yummy too. They also have mini meals, family meals that serve 4 and do Catering. it's worth the drive.
5	ONO doesn't begin to cover how amazing this food is!i grew up in Hawaii and, although NOTHING will ever stand up to the food on the island, this place comes pretty damn close as far as "plate lunch" goes.  the chicken katsu is good, the spam musubi (awesome snack when you're out surfing for the day...a personal fave) is wonderfully delicious...i LOVE the sauce they put under the spam...i'm thinking it's the katsu sauce, but i could be wrong.  my fave tho is the island curry chicken.  it has a kick, but it's freakin AWESOME!  the macaroni salad is to die for...my advice, if you're feeling naughty, skip the rice and ask for two scoops of the macaroni salad...totally worth the calories.oh, more advice.  go for the mini meal.  it might sound small, but it is the PERFECT size!  just enough to fill you up!mahalo to whatever lolo brought this grub out to all the haoles in phx!
4	My BIL introduced his haoles side of the family to this place. For years it was "plate lunch" this and "plate lunch" that, so I was more than happy to finally have a reference for all the SPAM based conversations.Ono is friendly, crisp, and clean. They serve a mean Hawaiian BBQ Mix(BBQ Chicken, BBQ Beef & Kalbi Short Ribs) and Chicken Katsu (a breaded fillet served with... duh Katsu sauce). The soups are tasty and the macaroni salad that everyone references definately lives up to its reputation. Portions are large, so unless you want to take food home, get one of the mini-meals. It can get a little busy at lunch time, but service is amazingly quick.The BIL swears this is the best plate lunch he has found off the island and goes to his happy place with each visit. If you are looking for a different kind of barbeque, try Ono on for size and you too can be hanging ten in no time flat.
3	It's ok.. nothing to compare to the real deal of Hawaiian BBQ, i rather go the exrta miles to head up to Happy Valley to L&L. Chicken Katsu is what we order but other than that if you want good hawaiian food, hit me up :)
4	I really like the Katsu Chicken, I have ordered almost everything on the menu here, its that kind of place.  yet I really think the Katsu here is the best.  Large potions and they have authentic drinks.  don't forget to get some Ono Hawaiian sauce that is to the left of the counter.  Happy eating,Kevin
3	It's fast food. I get the curry, and it's ok, but most of the other dishes have meat that is fatty and greasy. One awesome thing is that they have small meals. I don't need 2 lbs of food, so I'm glad for a lower priced smaller option.
3	YAY! They have SPAM!!!!!I was going to go for Meat Plate #4 but when I saw the Grilled Spam with Eggs, I was in love. I don't care what you Spam-haters have to say. I'm Asian through and through and will stick to my Spam. Mmmm.. sooo salty and meat-like. It was just what I expected, Spam, fried eggs and rice with some macaroni salad. It was good. Reminded me of the days when my parents didn't cook and we would fry up some Spam to eat with white rice and soy sauce. My friends were kinda 'eh' about their dishes. It also took a long time for the food to come out for them too.One cool thing about this place was that the Phoenix Fire Department eats here.... so hot! Too bad I was busy stuffing my face with Spam and eggs. That was probably not hot.
5	Went for lunch and got the mini-meal... Loved it!  Just enough food and tasty too!  Love the BBQ chicken!!!
4	Huge portions! One regular order lasts me three meals.I'll be coming back here to fulfill my bbq cravings.
4	I really like Onos, the food is great. When I went to Hawaii, I had some food at L&L, it was very similar. I'm a fan for sure. I love Hawaiian food!
1	Unfortunately, I didn't get to taste the food, as the overwhelming smell of sewage forced me to leave before I could order. We instead went next door to "On the Grill"
2	As long as you go in not expecting authentic Hawaiian food, you shouldn't be too disappointed. The menu has changed a couple times in recent years (no garlic shrimp just fried shrimp, no French fries, optional Asian salad) but the mac salad has remained the same. There isn't much to choose from for the non-meat eater. The fried shrimp is too oily for my taste.
3	This is a solid place for those seeking Hawaiian food since it's not a very common type of food found in this area that I have seen.  I tend to favor the Chicken katsu which is served with boiled cabbage, steamed white rice, and macaroni salad.  Other items on the menu to take note of would be the Moco Loco and Spam Moco which are also common foods amongst the locals in Hawaii.  If you seek a quick place for some Hawaiian type comfort food this restaurant is pretty good.  With generous portions and plenty of seating, my friend and I tend to go here when we're looking to have a late lunch on the weekends.
2	Been to two of the locations and this one was not as good. The food nor the building measured up to my first visit to a Scottsdale location, which madr me a fan. Here I had to send my chicken katsu back because it was cooked so hard that it was not enjoyable and not eatable.  The Macaroni salad here isn't as creamy and good as it is at the other location I've gone to.  And the cabbage comes cooked on this plate at this location.The restaurant is bigger  here but the place isn't kept as cool as it needs to be to dine in comfort on a hot day.  Then there's an awful overpowering smell of water damaged ceilings/walls that just made me think this location wasn't clean.
1	I been to this place twice as well as once at another location.  At this particular location the food is pretty good for lunch but the staff does not seem to be in any hurry.  When I go to the trouble to dive over to this place during a 1 hour lunch break, I really don't like waiting 15 minutes for what is more or less fast food.  The last time I was there I was kept waiting so long that I finally asked for a refund and left.  You'd think that if your chicken combo (first item on the list) is going to take more than 20 minutes to prepare that they might inform me of it, but instead they just left me standing there.  That won't happen again.
5	My favorite is the chicken katsu. Just like back home with one scoop rice and authentic mac salad. The cooks and servers are always friendly and the food only takes as long to be made to order. Great portions alway have one order for lunch and dinner.
4	It reminds me of Hawaii, I just wish they would get kim chi.
2	Please do not eat here and expect to get a real "plate lunch" like in Hawaii. The food is pretty good for a fast rice bowl type of restaurant. You get quite a bit of food for the money and it seems to be pretty fresh. The flavors are still lacking though...plus their macaroni salad isn't like in Hawaii...and it has way too much mayo. Overall, I wouldn't expect anything special, but if you're hungry for some sticky rice and teri sauce, you're on your lunch and want something casual this place will fill you up.
3	I ordered the chicken combo (katsu and Hawaiian BBQ chicken).The BBQ chicken has a pretty good flavor to it, but it was a little greasy for my taste - I think it might have been better with white meat instead of dark.  The katsu chicken wasn't bad, but nothing spectacular.  The rice was a little boring.This was good enough that I'm not sorry I went, but I don't think it's enough to get me back.  Maybe if the price dropped a buck or two.
4	I had take out brought to me from this place today, so I can't speak for the inside of the store, but the food was very good.  For those of you that remember the Ma'i Island Grill in Tempe, this place is the closest I have encountered to the Ma'i Island perfection of Hawaiian BBQ.I had the standard BBQ chicken this time, and next time I will be trying the Katsu.The macaroni salad and white rice were excellent -- the rice was sticky and the macaroni salad sweet and delicious.If you haven't been able to find good Hawaiian BBQ in Phoenix yet, this may be the place for you.  The portions were good, and the price reasonable.I like it!  And it turns out it is right down the street from my house!
3	I enjoy this place but I wish they still had my favorite dissh...I liked the island fire chicken rice bowl or the combo.  I also like the Hawaiian BBQ chicken combo with exrta veggies and extra rice with no macaroni salad.  Everyone I know loves the macaroni salad, but I have never liked any type of macaroni salad at all!  Their sauce that goes on the chicken is pretty good.  The price is decent and you get a good amount of food.  Whenever I get a combo I always have leftovers and I have it for the next day or for dinner.  This place is good for a quick bite!
4	Good plate lunch. You can't go wrong if you order spam musubi, chicken katsu, BBQ chicken or BBQ beef.Reasonable price and delicious food.
2	Did a late dinner run last night just before closing. Been to several of this chains locations in California which means I generally like the Hawaiian food fixes that they serve up. Ordered kalbi ribs and they gave me the ribs but no meat attached!  When I questioned them about it they acted offended however the manager finally came by and provided me with a few more bones. Rice was dry and hard from sitting for awhile. Definitely not Ono!
5	We first went to the Avondale location many years ago and the food was great. I worked on 16th Street & Indian School at the time so the Thomas location made sense to stop in for dinner after work. We have also dined at the Scottsdale location & all three are great!!  The food is always fresh, the macaroni salad is great & it comes on a bed of steamed cabbage. The Chicken Katsu is delicious, tender & juicy on the inside & crunchy on the outside. We also love that the portion sizes are large enough to share with our kids not having to order additional meals.  Love Ono & always stop when in the area!
4	Definitely hits the spot when I'm craving some korean food.  The meat is never dry, comes on a bed of cabbage and a scoop of rice and macaroni salad.  A great spot for an asian type lunch with big portions and quick service.
4	I crave Ono from time to time.  I wish it was closer to my apartment.  I still swing by for some Chicken Katsu whenever I get the chance, because it is tasty and delicious and katsu sauce is addictive.  My boyfriend is more adventurous than me, and he literally always is in the mood to go here.  He especially enjoys the spare ribs, bbq combo, and the spam musubi.  We both love the macaroni salad...  I get why someone said there was too much mayo, and I guess by some standards it's a little plain, but that's what I like about it.  People who say the rice is boring are obviously right, but they're forgetting to put soy sauce or katsu sauce or whatever they want on it.  It's plain white rice, guys, what do you think it's going to taste like?  They also have these super tasty canned Hawaiian beverages at the counter that we both highly recommend.  Oh, and if you have a smaller appetite, definitely go for the smaller plate option.  My eyes tend to be larger than my stomach and I can never finish the full-sized katsu plate, but the smaller one is just right (actually still a little more than I can eat, usually) and it's only about $5.  Awesome.
4	This place is home to some fantastic food which gives you a false pretense that if this chain has such great bbq beef if you go to Hawaii it has to be insanely good. After spending 6 days on Oahu and sampling various degrees of dining places, I can tell you you are way better off going here rather than trying the native "kobe" steak for however much an ounce. The beef is amazingly tasty the macaroni salad with a dash of tuna is the best I personally have tried. The white rice compliments the saucy meat and I even eat the cabbage at the bottom of the tray. The portions are huge and if you don't want to feel like your a disgusting lush afterward, I would recommend the mini-meal versions.Service: 4/5 They are always pleasant but sometimes to food takes a while, most times it doesn't.Ambiance: 2/5 its like a panda express or any other fast food chain so I usually pickup.food:bbq beef 4/5bbq chicken 4/5katsu 3/5macaroni salad 4/5spam 2/5 just not too good and I do like spam.
4	Ono is Ono...I would have given 5 stars but "as good as it gets" is backyard/beach luau on the Islands.  For those of you that don't know Ono has many meanings, it can describe a delicious dish (that teriyaki plate was Ono) or your wanting of something (I am Ono for a beer right now).  My first experience of Ono was living on the west side driving back to CA and I saw it off of Dysart road next to my bank.  I went in and got just what I wanted for the trip to CA, a couple of spam musubi.Now living in Phoenix I am glad to know that Ono is a hop and a skip away.  I have been there multiple times but am lazy on reviews.  If you are looking for a different lunch, or easy dinner, then you are in for a treat.  Plate lunch is what we call it, but plate dinner, or leftovers, works as well.I would recommend to start off with the BBQ Plate Combo, it has a piece of teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef, and a korean kalbi style short rib.  To top it off traditional plate lunch is also served with mac salad, a scoop of rice (sometimes two) and Ono likes to put some steamed cabbage on the bottom of the meat.  Get a side of Rooster Sauce (Sriracha) to dip your meat or rice in and you will look up with a smile.  My favorite is the Spam Musubi, a piece of spam, rice and sauce, wrapped in seaweed.  Different Ono's have different items, but plate lunch is a staple at all.If you are a light eater you may want to split any plate lunch combo.  If you think you can do it and can't then score, you have dinner or a snack later.  Either way you will be happy.  I only wish they had brew to wash it down with, but good thing about plate lunch is it is just as good when you get it home as when it was put in the box.  Writing this made me Ono for Ono, mmmm.
4	Well, I tried a couple different Hawaiian restaurants while in Phoenix for my visit.Being that I lived in Hawaii and married into a local family, I think I'm a pretty good judge of what Hawaiian food should taste like. Ono's surpassed the other places by far. In fact I'm not gonna even gonna write a review on the others.  The Chicken Katsu is a "must try"  By far the best in this city.  The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the Katsu sauce is a bit watery for me, and it not like they make it in Hawaii.And their Mac Salad is the best in Phoenix..  Nuff said!!They get a 4
4	I love their kalua pork and the macaroni salad. I am a big fan of this place and I will definitely keep coming back here!
4	BBQ mix is great and is a lot of food
2	I went to this place to use a Groupon and because I miss the food from Hawaii (well..some of it anyway). The food here was pretty typical of a fast food place, not very fresh and the meat was very poor quality and fatty. I got the curry chicken and the BF got the bbq beef. They were pretty meh. I also have tried the veggie noodle soup which was probably the best thing I have had here. It was not 'good' but it was better for sure. I probably wouldn't go back.
1	Overpriced Hawaiian food
4	I haven't run across authentic Hawaiian food in the Valley until coming to Ono Hawaiian BBQ.  Unlike most Hawaiian BBQ places that give you a ton of food, I like this place because you can order a mini option and get the right amount of food that I need.  Everything here is really fresh and yummy.
5	I love ono! At first I had the thought that this place charges way too much for a plate, then I saw the portions. We ordered the Chicken Katsu meal and the Short ribs meal and it was enormous! The chicken was so crispy and went very well with the mountain of macaroni salad and rice (not to mention a bunch of katsu sauce). The short ribs were also delicious! They gave a generous amount and the marinade they used was perfect. We had so much left over I had it for another meal! I had recently gone to an expensive Korean BBQ restaurant that had "premium Angus short ribs" and I wish I had just gone to Ono instead! Haven't tried their spam musubi but I plan to in the near future!
4	I've only been to a Hawaiian BBQ place once. In Clearwater, FL. The place went out of business and I never had Hawaiian BBQ again. *cue sad music*This was truly unfortunate because I really liked it. But now *cue the happy music* I've found Ono Hawaiian BBQ!The service was a little slow but friendly. The service didn't matter anyway as long as the food was on point... and it was. I got the Braised Short Ribs lunch plate. It's a special that they're running only until the end of this week, I think. It was only $7.49 and fall off the bone good. It was a braised short rib with carrots served on cabbage. It also came with rice and macaroni salad. This meal made my day.They sell Hawaiian Sun canned juices ($1.89). I got the Pineapple Orange. I'm not sure how well it paired with my food but it was refreshing on this hot day. I can't wait to try their Spam musubi... Aloha Ono Hawaiian BBQ, I'll see you again soon.
3	So we went here a few nights ago and at first it was looking like a good experience. We ordered and then went to get some sauce the sauce was empty.The lady  taking orders was rude when I told her and then about 15 minutes later someone else told her and again she was rude. Finally after someone took the bin out and put it in front of her did she fill it. Our food was ok not like the ones we have eaten in California and the didn't give us our whole order they did leave out some items.Overall it was and ok experience!
3	I like to pop in here for a quick lunch with my husband sometimes. I always get the BBQ Chicken and Katsu combo. Pretty good! The macaroni salad... honestly they should seriously consider packaging that stuff and just selling it by the pint. Id buy it! The only reason I wouldnt rate this place any higher is the services is always mediocre. They often dont have the side stuff stocked (forks, sauces, straws, etc) and more then once I have notified them of something out and the people behind the counter have acted like Im soooooo putting them out for even suggesting they stock forks. Pretty annoying- but that macaroni salad....it makes up for it. Usually. And they give you so much food for what you pay.
4	I love this place. I've been going here for a couple years now and it never disappoints. The seafood Mix is my go to but pretty much all the combos are good. The spam masubi is a must and the macaroni is my favorite part of each combo.
3	I ate lunch here about a month ago. The food was good. Nothing to write home about, though. The order clerks were not very friendly. It was like pulling teeth to ask them any questions about the menu or to request extra condiments.
4	Great food I love the BBQ chicken & chicken katsu combo. I just don't recommend if in a rush the wait can be upto thirty minutes sometimes that's the only bummer I know of.
3	I Had lunch here a couple of days ago. I ordered the combo plate that had 3 different types of meat, macaroni salad and white rice. The food was pretty good, nothing too exciting though. The soda machine was not dispensing right- they needed to add the syrup. I got tea instead because I didn't feel like waiting for the counter girl to fix it and there were other people in line. The restaurant was pretty dirty. The place definitely could use a good deep clean...
4	Always a good place to eat....always reminds me of back home in tje South Bay.....love the Mac salad.....Yummy!!! Al the meat is juicy n tender.....just love it......I add some Sriracha and it takes it to a differnt level....just outstanding! !! One thing I didnt like I didnt see my Kalib ribs...no bueno.
4	When you are in the mood for some light food, that is very flavor filled. Then Ono is the place. Teresa showed me this place, other wise I would of never known.It is tucked away in a shopping center on Thomas.Busy place and now that I have been here a few times, I have to say it is always good. I like it to go though, because, it is always so busy and so much noise. I just feel better taking it home.The Macoroni Salad is really good. It is great food to take on a picnic or an outing.The food is very fresh as well. Probaly because, they do such a great business nothing has time to get old. It is worth the time to check this place out, Bra!
4	Their portions are very generous  f all their food was very flavorful even before adding their sauces. Their cabbage which is a filler was not seasoned . We do like the sauces also their chicken was chopped into very small pieces maybe over cooked
1	I go to this location fairly regularly and have never had a problem. Store is clean, employees are friendly, food is consistent. What more could I ask for? Until tonight. I get my order to go, the crispy shrimp plate. The girl working the register was really nice, and I was in and out quickly.I finally get home and open my container. THE END of my good, reliable Ono experience. My shrimp are blackish/greenish/brownish...plainly, not something I am even going to take a bite of. (Gross!!!)The store was about to close and I wasn't going to be able to drive back in time, so I called the store feeling like I should give them a heads up. I don't know if these things could make a person sick or not. (I do know I won't be the one finding out.) The girl that answers tells me, "Yeah, that's how they've been turning out."  Well, gee, that's great. Thanks for selling me something you KNOW is sub-par and far from edible. I guess I'll be going to Pete's the next time I want some fried shrimp, and that's a shame. I really like Ono's mac salad and the katsu sauce with the shrimp.To anyone else thinking about eating here -Maybe you should check your order before you leave. I'm sure this was a fluke and hopefully will be fixed soon, but I know how much I hate wasting money. And being hungry.
5	Good quick taste of Hawaii in AZ!I first ate at an O'no while on vacation in Hawaii, and was pleased to discover that they have expanded to the "Mainland"!Be sure to try classics like Kalua pork and the Musubi's. And remember that no Hawaiian meal is complete without the macaroni salad and scope of rice.
3	Got take out. I have never had Hawaiian food, so I don't have anything to compare it to. I ordered the chicken combo which had the chicken katsu and hawaiian BBQ chicken. I've had better katsu at Korean and Japanese restaurants, but it was not terrible. The marinade on the BBQ chicken was decent but quality of chicken wasn't impressive. It came with rice and macaroni salad (which was good but again nothing special). Overall a decent meal for a cheap price but nothing that stood out.
2	I love Hawaiian food, and this place is not so "Ono".  I asked the girl at the counter if the sauce for the chicken katsu was in the bag, yes she says, well you know the answer to that.  I get back to my hotel and the chicken is soggy, rice is cold, mac salad is hot (it was a 5 minute drive).  The spam musubi tasted weird not like the stuff you get from 7-11 on the Big Island.  Sorry, but I cannot rate this place good when I have had so much beter here on the mainland.
5	Get the teriyaki mini meal! It has delicious cabbage, AMAZING macaroni salad, & sweet Hawaiian rice. There food is cooked to order so if you're in a hurry you can call ahead
4	Best macaroni salad I've ever had and love the cooked cabbage.  I've been here twice now and have had the BBQ beef and chicken.  Love the sauce and flavor.  You get a lot of food for the money.  Meat is a little fatty, but that's what gives it great flavor and is suppose to be atypical.  Can't wait to try the chicken Katsu.
4	It's been my go to for the last few days. As a classically trained chef that says a lot!!! ENJOY AND GRATITUDE!!
