5	When I moved to Henderson 11/09, I was starting over and bought most of my furniture at Colleen's. I found one-of-a-kind pieces that were reasonably priced and in fantastic condition. A year later, I found myself moving out of state, and so I sold a lot back to Colleen's, plus a few pieces of my own. I highly recommend buying or selling with this business--every transaction was managed efficiently and professionally. As a buyer, I loved the furniture I found at Colleen's. As a seller, I found the services very convenient, and I made more money than I would have had I tried to sell the pieces myself--and all without the bother of a million telephone calls and appointments with potential buyers. Yay, Colleen's!
5	Started Henderson move-in this week and needed furniture. Found a lot of nice pieces at good quality and prices here, including a new sofa with reclining seats on the two sides, a pretty cheap metal bed frame (and a mattress), and some shelving. I even found a teal armchair, which I really enjoyed the color of (for personal reasons). I would've gotten the teal couch too if we hadn't found the nicer, newer couch. Delivery is $85, which is why we looked around until we had a bunch of stuff. Customer service was quite good. Probably would try using this to sell furniture if needed when I move away.
5	Our kitchen table was on its last leg.  I personally find shopping for tables not an enjoyable event - do I buy the cool tall tables and risk my daughter falling off or my inlaws having a hard time getting on to the chairs or do I get a traditional table.  We went to Colleens and fell in love with a dark wood modern table (real wood) with 6 chairs for only $500.  I was not sold on it at first so we went to four different furniture stores afterwords (RC Willey etc.) and their quality was terrible and expensive.  We came back and bought only if they would deliver the same day and they accomodated us.  It looked like the table should have a leaf but the salesperson said there wasn't one but when the delivery guy showed up he brought the leaf - we were so excited.  I loved Colleen's consignment for their new and items that are consigned.  Everyone should check this place out when you are looking for furnture or accessories.
5	I was skeptical about buying from a consignment store, but when I found a couch and love seat that was exactly to my taste I decided to go for it. There's was zero pressure to purchase and I loved the fact that I had to go in search of a salesperson. Linda was helpful and provided me with written instructions on how to take advantage of their free delivery promotion from my iPhone. She also told me I could fill up the entire truck if I found other merchandise prior to the delivery date.  They delivered (again, free!) on a Saturday. The delivery window was between 1:30 and 3:30 pm. The delivery crew arrived at 1:33pm and were gone by 1:52pm. I wrote some nice comments on the feedback slip, but I wish I would have had some cash to tip them. I thereafter (foolishly) purchased a new dining room set from a "traditional" furniture store who will remain nameless, but may or may not be located in the Galleria Mall Ring Circle. I was delivered the wrong table (which in my opinion was a merchandising error as the tag affixed to the table I wanted matched the wrong one I actually received) and I had to physically go to the store to have their error corrected, which felt like insult to injury. They did reduce the price by $50 (approximately 10%), but that wasn't enough to remove the sting of their $79.99 delivery charge + $10 for the weekend delivery date. Needless to say, I wish I would have purchased my dining room set from Colleen's Classic Consignment instead of the "traditional" furniture store. The re-use / re-cycle aspect of consignment shopping hadn't even occurred to me until I looked online to find Colleen's. I suppose reducing my carbon footprint is another advantage to shopping at Colleen's, in addition to their professional and considerate service!
4	You can definitely find some good stuff here!!  You can negotiate a better price too, which I like. I bought a beautiful solid wood table for a good price and when I came to pick it up it had a huge dent on the leg.  There's no way I walking out with that when it wasn't there when I purchased it. So I spoke to the manager, he was apologetic and replaced the leg with another exact replica in stock in about 15 minutes, which made me happy. I will go back, I had a good experience.
4	I went back again, bought another table. Had a great experience. I really like this place.And there's a coupon in the Entertainment Book :)
5	I've been buying furniture from Colleen for 15 years.   Am a Las Vegas native, 33 years, and can say this is the place to start when looking for a new piece of furniture.  We've furnished a few homes and even sold a few of our best things through Colleen.  Great store.
5	huge store! i found some really unique items at great prices. wish i could buy everything!
5	LOVE love LOVE this store!!!  I have been buying from Colleen's for several years now. I am only sorry I didn't know about them when I first moved to town.  I consign and I purchase from the stores.  Always find fun things that I want, but discovered that if you want it - get it right then and there.  The great stuff (and there is always great stuff) goes fast!!!
1	Over a year ago I bought a set of office furniture from Colleen's and was very pleased with the price and the quality. I returned a few days ago with my wife, and she saw a sectional sofa that she liked. We tried to bargain for a better price, but we were told that their "margin" was too small to discount the price any more than it had been. The so-called full retail price of the sofa was marked as $3800, and we bought it for just over $1800, plus tax and delivery, which brought it to over $2000. While I was a little skeptical of the retail price, I figured we were still getting a good deal and so we took it. I just saw the exact same sectional for $1645 from an online furniture outlet. To add insult to injury, I put a $500 deposit on the sofa last Friday and said that I'd be in on Monday to pay the balance. When the store manager gave me a look that made me feel like she thought I'd been shoplifting, I was asked if I was sure that I would absolutely be in on Monday, because their "rule" was that they normally require a 50% deposit. So I went in today and paid them as agreed. I can only guess that Colleen's is not interested in repeat business since they are getting creative with the big markdowns they are claiming, overpricing the goods that they sell, and treating customers who make rather large purchases as if they haven't bathed in a while. So, if they don't want repeat customers I'll be happy to oblige them.
1	In the past my husband and I have purchased several pieces from Colleens.  We've spent roughly $5000.00 so we consider ourselves to be decent customers.  Recently we moved into a new home so we decided to consign a few items with them one of them being a custom sectional.  They charge $50 to pick up and then give you 50% of whatever they sell the item for, we found this to be fair.  In the midst of our move we realized that the men who came to pick up the pieces left behind a cushion which is part of the couch, it can not be sold with out this cushion.  We called immediately to let them know they forgot it.  Colleens has 3 locations and unfortunately we do not live near any of them. We asked them several times to have someone come pick up the cushion and we were told they would.  Five days later, no one came.  So my husband called again and spoke to a Susan at the Rainbow and Cheyenne location. She was EXTREMELY RUDE!! She told my husband "if you don't want to drop the cushion off we will have our delivery team bring you back your couch so we can just be done with this." He asked to speak to a manager and conveniently no manager was available.  I am horrified at the customer service.  We have been loyal customers for years now and to be treated so poorly by this woman is disturbing. We will never shop with them again.
4	We found a lovely bar at Colleen's.  We had looked all over town, on Craigslist and even looked at shipping one in from the Internet.  Nothing we really liked.  We thought we'd go to Colleen's and just browse, for something else actually, and we found THE bar.  It closes when not in use to half the size.  Just perfect. We were so impressed with their service, quality and customer service that we consigned a couch, an office chair and a recliner with them.  The couch sold quickly, as it was modern, but the other two took some time.  But we got our money from them and more than paid for the bar we bought.  We ended up buying more stuff there too.  Just a great experience.  MUCH better than R.C. Willey, Ashleys or any of those junk vendors.
5	I don't know how anyone could give this place a bad review!  I have bought multiple items here: a couch, dresser, mirror, multiple lamps, and some miscellaneous accessories.  As items are final sale, you have to carefully inspect them to make sure that they are not damaged (the lamps I have bought have small cracks at the base, but worth it anyway).  The employees have always been super friendly.  I can't wait until my next visit.
5	Really happy with Coleen's.  Helen Zych was great, helped my wife and I find some great pieces.  She also helped us match some furniture.  He opinions were very valuable.  I do not think you get this kind of service anywhere else - no pressure, great advice, extremely helpful.  The quality was excellent.
2	Not impressed. Had been wanting to go to a Colleens Consignment for a few years. Finally went today.  Prices were on the high side considering this is USED merchandise.  But my main issue is the truly crappy customer service. I was approached by an employee who asked me if I needed help. Before I could answer he very condescendingly explained to me that this was a consignment shop and proceeded to explain to me what a consignment store was. I had to stop him and let him know that I was quite aware what a consignment store was. I told him I was very interested in purchasing a convertible sofa that I saw. But I wanted to know if there were any other convertible sofas in the store. I guess he didn't know the inventory because he just shrugged and said that I can look for another one because there is furniture all over the store. I told him that he was no help at all and walked away. I walked out without buying a thing. The store was big but if you are in the position of selling the inventory you should have some idea of what the inventory is or maybe ask another employee. This guy was an arrogant and lazy nitwit.   I would NEVER put anything on consignment in that store based on this guys lazy attitude.
3	A agree with some of the posters that the prices are generally a little high.  However, I am also a recent grad who had just started working when I made my purchases so I'm not exactly a furniture expert.  While this is a consignment store a lot of the items are not exactly used.  These items are from the World Market Center and they were display pieces.  That is how I found my dining room table.  The trick is to be willing to wait for items to go on sale.  I found the table and then waited about 2 weeks, when I went back to check it was down a couple hundred dollars.  Additionally, I sold my old table through the store (they get half and you get half) and put the money toward purchasing the table.I also purchased a large bedroom dresser through the same store.  That one was a truly used piece that someone was consigning.  There is a system regarding price reductions and when you can ask to negotiate with the seller (the staff is really good at explaining it).  I made an offer and it was accepted.  Overall it was a good experience and if you're willing to put the effort it you can get a good deal.
3	We were so excited to go and pick up our bedroom furniture today. When we bought it it was all in one display area and we told Debbie Jo that we wanted the whole set. When I told the warehouse workers that we were missing one dresser they looked and found it set off to the side - however it had someone else's name on it. When I talked with our sales person Debbi Jo she told me that it was not included with the group. We are very disappointed about this as the media cabinet has now been bought by someone else. Be sure you know what pieces you're getting if you buy a group.
3	Every single time I come here, no one knows anything about the Yelp offer. It's ridiculous. I've bought a huge amount of merchandise from this business. Colleen, please educate your staff.
3	I used to absolutely love Colleen's... quite a few of the pieces in my house are from here.  Lately, though, they seem to really be jacking up their prices.  For example, they have an ottoman in stock right now that's half the price at another retail store.  Like someone else said, it seems as though I'll just have to wait for items to go on sale so they will get back down to a decent price.  I'm really saddened by this... hopefully something will change.  Still love the staff.
5	Love this store. when we bought a home on the east side and needed knew pieces for it, I was so glad I'd found this place. They get very high quality furniture and have a great staff. Love it!
5	Wow. We'd been to consignment shops in the past, but went here kind of on a whim, hoping to find a dresser for a guest bedroom. We not only found that, but a cane back rocking chair, upholstered club chair, various wall art, a lighted curio cabinet AND the outdoor bar stools that we'd been searching Craig's list & other places for for weeks. A $60 delivery charge brought all the furniture to our house on a Sunday. Everything was perfect; not a scratch or blemish, and the delivery people even helped my husband shift some other stuff around to make everything fit where we wanted it. In short, we'll be back. Great products, great prices, great service.
1	Can not believe how these people tested me work no respect. Have done business with then in the past and they completely changed their policies and were so extremely rude saying they just won't do business with me because I'm unaware of their new policies. Would totally recommend you take your business to someone that is not as shady as these unprofessional confused people.
