1	Came into this place with a group of girls to get our nails done for a wedding. The place was decent, the people working there were nice. I decided, at the recommendation of another in our group, to try the shellac. I'd heard about this - nail polish that doesn't chip or peel for a month - I was intrigued. The man who did my nails assured me this was the case; that I wouldn't need them touched up for weeks and that I'd have to go to a salon just to remove it. BUT - don't believe the hype - at least from this nail place. 18 hours after that appointment, my friend who had also gotten the shellac showed me hers was chipping off. I looked at my nails - same thing. Imagine my utter disappointment. But seeing as we were there for a wedding and only for a couple days, I didn't get a chance to return to the salon to complain or give them a chance to redeem themselves. I can only offer this review and hope that either you A) avoid the shellac or B) insist they get stuff that does what it's supposed to and maybe then get that service.
5	I have always had a wonderful experience here. They take great care of you for both mani and pedi!
1	Came in because I was in area, got a gel mani, pedi and a brow wax. Worst service EVER!!! the woman cut all my toe nails wrongs and crocked, when she did my gel mani, it ended up looking like a 5 year old did my nails. When she did my brow wax, she ended up ripping skin off my eyebrow. The only reason this place is getting A star is because when I called and complained, the owner had me come in and redid my nails which nice of him to offer. Unfortunately the next day one of nails peeled off. I will never come back.
5	Amazing service!!! And new gel manis and pedis with 3d design!!!! If ur in the area come here!!!! Thanks new horizon nails!
5	my manicures and pedicures always turn out great. lasts a long time and artists are very precise. i always go to tony. thanks :)
5	Ive been here twice now and i love all the employess  are great. Lisa is my nail tech and she is awesome, she had great suggestions on how to care for my nails and most importantly she listended and applied what i wanted.  Its a family owned business with a great vibe. A must go for all nail needs
5	I've been here twice now and i love all the employess  are great. Lisa is my nail tech and she is awesome, she had great suggestions on how to care for my nails and most importantly she listended and applied what i wanted.  Its a family owned business with a great vibe. A must go for all nail needs
5	I cannot rave enough about this place. It's simply amazing! It is under new ownership & it has really taken a step up. They have a million colors including gels & glitter. Tony has been doing my nails ever since I moved to Vegas & I would never go to another. He has great designs & is extremely talented. Can't wait to go back! Good work, Tony!
1	This has to be the worst experience in Las Vegas.... I don't mind waiting, but I was quoted a 5-10 minute waiting time and was stuck there for ten minutes when they moved me back to a chair and waited over 20 more minutes while no one even looked at me while sitting in the back.  The man that did my nails ask me what I wanted and told me later he dreaded doing my nails because he thought I was a picky type.  Normally Glitter top acrylics and pink bottoms.. he suggested the easier already made tips and plain white bottoms for the SAME PRICE because he said it would look better.  I am not picky so I let him change up the way I normally get my nails done.. Well end of nail session... the nails were incorrectly sized leaving  some were larger than others and some longer than others, the acrylics were not dried correctly and have been pealing ever since,  there did not file the underside of the nail and two broke within the two days even after I told him there was a distinct line on the back of them from squeezing the tip too tight and they have within a week and a half almost all lifted and are breaking.  I went to my usually nail spot today and abruptly thanked them for problems I never thought I would get by trying a place closer to my house.  I wish I would have pictures of the crap they did.  Do not do it.  There are too many good places too close to this to get good work done.
5	I called to see if this salon had time for a gel manicure + pedicure. They said yes, and I got in right away! Tony was great!!!! Super nice and did a great job on both my nails and toes! They had a lot of gel options to choose from. I was told that most of the manicurists are from POLISHED, which I like! And they are slightly cheaper.... Happy customer!! :D
1	Worst nail salon I have ever visited. I chose this salon because they have several pedi chairs and I had a big group for a bridal party. They don't do their gel pedicures at the pedi chairs!!?!? Instead you sit and the mani station and hike your leg up into their lap?!? They also do their gel pedicures really strange. They leave the old polish on and do everything in the pedi chair then move you to a mani station where they remove the old polish then repolish!?! They also nicked me twice causing me to bleed pretty badly. Lastly they are grossly overpriced compared to any of the much better nail salons I have been to across the valley. Don't waste your time on this place!
1	If i could give it less than one star I would. I went for a pedicure and a fill. They decided to have two people work on  me at once. I ended up covered with dust from my fingers and feeling like I was rushed outta there. Both my hands and my feet look like I put the polish on myself. 50 bucks for horrible horrible results. I will never go back there are way too many options.BOOOOOOO
5	5 stars for sure!!! One of the best nail spa's around! Super friendly and fun staff. Very clean and well kept place! Cute decor too! Will definitely be back!
5	So great!!!! Went in today for a pedicure... each spa pedicure includes a hot stone leg massage!!!  They were super friendly, and quick!!
2	Tiffany did a great job the last time i came here and the service was amazing thats why i decided ti come here today. Well today tony was the one who did my nails. I like the outcome really nice. As a manager you always show that the customer is always right and if they are not please with your service you try to do the vest thing so that the client is  satisfied at the end. Tiffany did the exact same thing i requested today but tony was charging me 15 extra. I told him that two weeks ago i had come and and she charged me 40 but he said that she was probably wrong and it was a mistake. I didn't say anything after he told me that and he kept on bringing it up. So i would say that it is a nice place to go and they do a good job but he definitely has to work on his attitude since he is the manager!
5	I always get great service and my gels last for weeks!
4	This place is pretty great. I've been here before a few years ago & I remember liking the place. I went again recently for a pedicure for myself & my sister and even though we didn't have an appointment, we were in pedicure chairs within 5 minutes and were being helped within 10-15 minutes. The pedicure was relaxing & I love the hot stone part! It's $25 for a pedicure and the hot stone massage comes with it. The paint on my sister's toenail got touched at the last minute & the manicurist took the time to fix it and make sure we left happy. I will definitely come back again to get my nails done here. :)
5	I got an appointment really easily! Walk ins are also welcomed and easily accommodated as well. Tony is amazing!!! I've had gel nails for over a year and he is by far the most experienced creative nail artist I've ever had! He can do any of your favorite pintrist designs! Check this place out!!
5	I absolutely love New Horizon Nails. Aiden, Tony and Tiffany always take care of me. I tell everyone looking for a good nail salon to make it down to see the ARTISTS at New Horizon nails. I've tried to go other places but my nails never last as long as they do when I get them done at New Horizon Nails. Won't go anywhere else and you shouldn't either!!!!!!
5	I have been coming here for a few months now and have not been disappointed yet! Quality work and service- Tony is AMAZING and always get compliments on my manicures. Highly recommend!
5	I have been going here for about a year and I absolutely love everyone there! Everyone is always friendly and attentive to your needs. My gel manicures always last a good 5 weeks!! I usually have Tony do my nails, but Aiden does a great job as well! I highly recommend this place. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
4	A little messy but an awesome spot with one of the best nail artists in town (Tony). Holly is kind and professional and completely thorough.  Mary has been great with my kids.  I will return (again)!
5	Tony was referred to me by one of my good friends who always has amazing nails. It has taken him only 3 visits to get my nails to the length and shape I want with using my natural nail! Even for how picky I can be with multiple colors and glitters he always exceeds my expectations and has the best personality that keeps me coming back for more!! And the price is just right for his amazing talent! I always recommend Tony and everyone on his team!
5	Thank you Tiffany !You make my nails  to look amazing and I'm so happy with your service !Tony is so nice and I have great time .Tiffany take her time and she detail my nails .im very happy and I'll use this gays for my nails in regular app.
5	I have been getting my nails done by Tony for about a year now. I absolutely love going to New Horizon Nails to see my man Tony. If you are looking for a place to get amazing unique nails done this is the place to go. I always bring in a picture from Pinterest and get exactly what I ask for. Thank you so much for always fitting me in it's always a treat to get my nails done and catch up!
4	I had one bad experience here but my recent visit made up for it completely. The owner, Tony, is a great nail tech and you can tell he really cares about his customers. Both Tony and Aiden are pretty skilled at nail design. The hot stone pedicures are really awesome here, as well!One tip- avoid getting service from Mary. I am sorry to have to say that, but my sisters and I have had nothing but bad experiences from her. Go to anyone but her.
5	Let me start by saying that I drive 45 minutes to come here every time I need my nails done. Why? Because the service and the experience at New Horizon can't be topped. Tony does a fabulous job of making my crazy Pinterest nail design ideas come to life, and does extra coats of gel just so I won't break them. He is tremendously talented and kind, I look forward to my appointments with him. My best friend goes to Aiden, who is also a sweetheart and does a fabulous job every time. The quality and experience at New Horizon is 5 stars without a doubt. If you re looking to get hooked on a nail salon, look no further.
5	Getting my nails done here is worth the drive!  I always get a gel manicure, and they last for weeks without breaking, chipping or peeling. I always go to Tony, and he can recreate any nail design I bring in. I always leave a very happy customer! :)
2	I'm very disappointed with this place. I came in with my sister to have a polish change on our toes. A few minutes after I arrived I decided on getting an acrylic full set. I was immediately seated and a woman got started on my nails.I showed her a picture of what I wanted and she barely looked at it. I just shrugged it off and made sure to show her again before she painted the nail. Starting on the list of awful things that happened what that she used a power sander on my natural nails. As I learned from other manicures, the power sander was too powerful for the natural nail. She ended up sanding my already thin nail down to where it started to look a little pink.Then after she applied the tips and acrylic, she went on the shape the nail. The picture I showed again had a pointy but mostly rounded. She then told me, in a whisper by the way, that it'll be $5 extra for the pointy shape. I had never been charged for a specific nail shape, but that's what I wanted. While she was shaping and sanding down the nail to make it smooth and even, I felt how messy she was with it. The power sander kept touching the skin around the nail. Every nail felt warm while she was doing it and it really hurt. When I would tell her, it stopped for the rest of the nail, but would still continue. On my right ring finger, I felt a sharp pain and couldn't see what happened. Then she grabbed a small blue bottle and squirted on the cut. It stung like crazy, I couldn't bare it. After that she asked again what design I wanted and I showed the picture again. The look she gave it was very short, but I kept it out so she can see.She applied the polish, and at a certain point she asked if I liked it. It was just a plain, red french tip. It's obviously not what I wanted, but my fingers hurt so much that I just said yes just to get this hell manicure over with.And finally when I got home, I saw even more problems. There were streaks of red all over, uneven rounded tips, and lots of little bubble on a few nails. And now almost 5 hours later, I'm struggling to type this on my phone because all my fingertips are extremely tender and sore.I'm just very upset with what I left the salon with. In retrospect I should have gone back in and said something but I don't think I could have gone through a second set. I definitely won't be coming back and I absolutely don't recommend this place to anyone.The only stars they get was from the nail polish changes for myself and my sister. She really loved the color she got and my french polish was done well.
5	I'm going to miss Tony so much. He's super awesome and his work is amazing. I wish I would have discovered him sooner.. Now I'm moving away and fear I won't be able to find another nail tech like him. Prices are great and everyone is very kn
1	I came here on a whim for a gel mani and pedi. My gels turned out good but my pedi was horrible, the same day my polish chipped from the nail tech painting it onto my skin (so when it came off my cuticle the polish on my nail went with it). I came back the next day to have it fixed by Tony. The staff needs to learn how to take their time in order to offer flawless service and the salon needs a deep cleaning as well.
5	The nail salon is amazing. My mom & I have been coming here for a few months now & will continue to. We love it. They do an amazing job on our nails. We don't go anywhere else.
5	I had a gel mani and pedicure today. Aiden did my nails and Holly did my toes. I showed him a picture and they look exactly like what I asked for.  Aiden was recommended by a friend and one of my coworkers went here as well. Everyone is happy and getting a ton of compliments. I love that they have good humor and do exactly as you ask. Beautiful salon too.
5	Amazing place! Tony is the best and so sweet. Always has time to accommodate my schedule :) you won't be disappointed :))
4	I really like this place.  I highly recommend them.  They actually took good care of my nails.  I've returned here and will again.  I can't say this about other locations I have tried since relocating to Las Vegas.
5	I've live in Mountains Edge, but I drive to New Horizon because it is that good! If you have Tony do your gel manicure, you will never want to go to anyone else! He is AMAZING! They stay on forever! For pedicures, ask for Tiffany. She rocks.
3	I was a regular at another nail salon but thought I should find a new salon since I moved farther away. I made an appointment & arrived 15 mins early to have time to pick some stuff out (choosing colors/designs-  hardest decision of my life). They were kind enough to take me right away. I came in for a fill & I was really happy with the shape & overall look of the acrylic. As for the design (Galaxy), I loved it but it called for a black gel base  & the nail tech did like 3 1/2 coats. So it was very thick & one nail looked like it had an awkward bump so it kinda ruined the thin natural looking acrylic nails I was going for. Tony  actually took over for the nail tech that started the project & was awesome. I got so many compliments on the design. It was VERY expensive though. They even charged me for a cuticle trim. When you're already paying $48 for a fill/gel polish with design, you'd think they'd include it. They charged me $5 which I think was too much for just trimming cuticles. Lastly the biggest thing that bothered me that dropped my review to 3 starts was the nail techs very unprofessional action. Clearly my nails were getting expensive & the total bill was$58+tip, the nail tech starred acting funny towards me. She probably thought I was gonna run away & not pay. She asked for payment before she started the black gel polish. I said sure but it's in my bag. She said Fine, later. After she finished the last lumpy coat & I had my hands under uv light, she says Payment, now. Walks over to my zipped closed purse, opens it, reached in & started looking around, grabs my wallet, unzips that  & pulls out my money!! Like seriously?! Not even going to ask me? That really upset me but it happened so fast & I had my nails being cured that I didn't say anything. I wish I had. Of course I was gonna pay for my nails! It was rude that she would assume that I might "dine & dash" & she felt the need to invade my personal space & belongings. I still tipped her her 20% but bc of that, I probably won't come back.
5	I have had about five pedicures and fills here.  After living in Vegas for over 2 years, this is the most I have been to any salon. I am always happy with my service and that's what keeps me coming back. So far, I have had a pedicure by Tony and Tiffany, and have had my fills done by Aiden and Tiffany. Each time, I was very satisfied with the results. Their pedicures last the longest I have ever had as far as keeping away the calluses, and they always take their time and give me a nice long massage. I have been happy with every fill. I have extra long nails so any imperfection will show.  No complaints at all. With my crazy work hours, I am grateful that with advanced notice, their other location will stay open late for you. Highly recommend.
5	A friend of mine recommended this place. They have some talented nail artists! I've gone in several times and showed them some nail art that I liked on Pinterest, and they easily replicated it. Tony is amazing and can free-style paint just about any design. They've got me as a regular customer.
1	I had a really bad experience with my nail technician and it was my first time being there. I don't want to point her by name but she was so negative about everything and kept saying she can't wait to get off work and not come in the next day. She kept rolling her eyes and even freaked out when she thought one of the other nail techs stole her nail polish but it was sitting in front of her the whole time. I told her that I wanted a full pink and white set and she didn't even do that. She put regular acrylic and made me go pick out a color.  She even made me bleed and when I pointed it out. She looked surprised and said she'll clean it up for me and continues doing my nails but never cleaned the blood up. She did not seemed interested in being there and doing her job at all. I prepaid through MyTime app and she tried charging me. I kept telling her that I already paid for the service and she did not seem to comprehend that. It's unfortunate because the guys who were doing other customer's nails seemed very upbeat and friendly and knew what they were doing but I will never go back because of the one pessimistic nail tech who did my nails
5	I've been coming here for years. I am very happy with the quality service they provide. I usually make an appt as they can be quite busy sometimes. They provide wax services as well.
2	Wasn't good, wasn't the worst manicure I've ever had. I would not come back. Here's the breakdown:Price: Wonderful! Manicure $15. Done and done. Service: At first my manicurist, Kelly, was a little stand offish and argumentative with me, specifically when it came to the shape I wanted my nails. However, later during my manicure she became much more friendly and she ended up being very pleasant. Quality of manicure: Initially, I was very happy with my manicure. The color looked great and my nails really needed some pampering. However, a few days later my nails stated breaking left and right. I think it was they way they were shaped that lead them to break so easily. Additionally, my cuticles looked horrible and my nail polish started chipping and cracking. Needless to say they look awful now and I need another manicure ASAP.  Color options: They have a lot, but nothing is organized. I like when salons either organize their polishes by color or by brand. All of their polishes are all over the place and it's very hard to pick a color in a timely manner. Atmosphere: Dark and kind of messy/borderline dirty. I was actually a little nervous about the tools my manicurist was using on me, as they looked pretty unclean. Overall, if you need your nails done quickly, cheaply, and you don't need them to last longer than a day come here. If you want lasting quality with a friendly, clean, and organized salon please go elsewhere.
