1	Never again.  Found these movers thru living social and as it was a good deal, decided to give them a try with my moms move.  While moving is never a pleasant experience it should not be made more difficult by lazy and incompetent movers. The movers were late, sent too small of a truck which was loaded and then had to be unloaded causing unneeded delays.  They griped about having to move an upstairs apartment even though this was specified up front. The move that should have been 3-4 hours at most stretched into 6 hours and would have gone longer if not for some very sweet missionaries that unloaded more than 3/4 of the truck at our new place. Emailed the owner on more than one occasion and never heard back.  Save yourself the hassle and frustration.
1	This company gave us hands down the worst possible service on all levels! They showed up two hours late, then loaded our stuff in their truck without using the moving blankets they had and I requested they use. Therefore, almost every piece of furniture is broken or at least scratched and dinged. They also dropped heavy furniture on our tile and put three holes in our wall. The only thing the workers did was complain about working and smoked right at our garage. They were extremely slow and took twice as long as other movers we have had. When you call their claims number you do not get their insurance, you magically get the same woman who schedules their moves! We have filed complaints with them and they scheduled a time to come assess the damages but they never showed up. We then tried calling repeatedly and they will not answer or return calls. I guess we will have to go the legal route. 1st integrity movers is an Unbelievably bad company that is also incredibly shady. Stay away from this if you care about your home and furniture! I wish yelp had a zero star option because there is nothing about this company that deserves even 1 star.
1	They don't even deserve a single star! 4 hours late and no return call after having first been hung up on and then two other attempts.  Home office didn't answer and couldn't leave a message because their mailbox was full. Called another mover!  If you want good prompt service call moveaholics. http://www.moveaholics.net480-305-3793
1	HORRIBLE!! HORRIBLE!! HORRIBLE!! Run away as fast as you can. If you can get your money back/refund from living social, do so right now. Robyn, the office manager is a terrible person. Was not honest at all and kept feeding us lies. Move was to be due at noon and they did not come until 7pm. We ended up not using them. Found out from one of the movers that the truck that was supposed to for us got sent for another job. No customer service at all. Tried to add extra surcharges. I agree with the other reviews, doesn't even deserve one star.
1	Bought the Living Social deal, scheduled the move for Sunday 9am, waited until 6pm and they never showed (after giving me excuses the entire day). They stopped answering my calls and the owner, Robin, never returned my calls to remedy the situation. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!! They are completely dishonest and unprofessional. Worst experience EVER!! Oh and after 7days, you can't get your money back from Living Social. Crappy.
5	Wow! I'm shocked to read other people's reviews.  I had a really positive experience with this company and would use them again.  I also purchased the living social deal for 3 hrs.  I scheduled the move via email, and their responses were timely.  They were available on the day and time that I needed them (maybe because I chose a Wednesday?)  The crew was Tito and Chris.  Both men were friendly and professional.  They completed the job on time and there was no damage to any of my items.
1	If I was able to choose zero stars, I would have. These people are HORRIBLE. We booked a move with them a couple of weekends ago and they never bothered to show up. When we got ahold of them, one of the partners refused to even speak to us. The other one tried to reschedule our move for later that day. 7pm...then 10pm...then they still didn't show. At that point, they stopped returning our calls and text messages and we've never heard from them again. I'm 5 months pregnant and this was NOT the stress I needed on an already stressful moving weekend. This company is absolutely the WORST and their name is so ironic that it's a joke. There is absolutely NO integrity with anyone in this company. DO NOT HIRE THESE PEOPLE!!!!
1	They showed up 2 hours late.  One guy went home sick in the middle of the move.  What should have taken them 1.5 hours to load, they spent 4.5 hours.  A lot of our furniture is dinged up.  They showed up in a rented 14 foot Budget truck for a 2 bedroom apartment.  Would not recommend.
1	Be warned. Do not take their Living Social offer or ever consider hiring this company. These people are not good to work with. Don't be fooled by the name. They have absolutely no integrity.  They will schedule a move, not show up, and then stop answering your calls when they can't figure out how to rectify the situation.  I never wish anything bad on anyone but I for them, I will make an exception.  I hope they go out of business.
5	I actually read the comments below after this company moved all of our stuff, and I couldn't believe it was the same company with all the bad comments below. The guy who moved us said they had some issues with previous workers and that they had let go a lot of bad workers and were properly training the new crew. This was our experience with 1st Integrity...I bought the Living Social deal, which I thought was a steal (and made me a little weary of the situation) but I went ahead and bought it. I called to schedule and the lady on the phone was very pleasant, told me about the charges outside of the deal ($30 for being on the 2nd floor, and $85/hr after the first 3 hours) which I found to be reasonable. We set up a time frame for 8-9AM. The movers showed up at 8:30am, and  began wrapping up our furniture and more valuable pieces. They moved very quickly and they were very polite. We went over by a few hours and were adequately charged. Then unloaded all of our boxes and furniture unharmed, and I didn't notice any damage. As much as I hate moving and vow to not move again for 20 years, I hope these guys are still around to move us again.
1	WARNING!!! Do not utilize this company's services. The voucher for this company is only for 2 hours of moving time total, including drive time. The Amazon Local voucher states "$99 ($216 value) for two hours of moving services with a truckIncludes two movers and one additional hour of travel timeFriendly customer service" this is an obscene lie. One mover, Ralph, was texting on his phone and standing around attempting to make small talk. He moved hardly any items in an the hour that was allocated to load the truck. When asked about the voucher he stated "that was just a hook to get you." He was also going in rooms that were closed off and kept commenting that somebody has money. Very unprofessional. It was very uncomfortable and we are now getting an alarm system.Sean was the other mover and he did an excellent job. He is what this one star is for, his company should thank him.
1	100% MOVING NIGHTMARE!!!!    I told the owner that I have a 3 bedroom home that needs to be moved. Everything was packed in boxes and moved into the garage except a few large items.  The owner agreed to charge me $245 for the first FOUR HOURS +$84.00 an hour after that. The owner also agreed to include shrink wrap, and dropping off a few items to my new place with no charge. The movers arrived at my house at 8:30am in a UHAUL truck fit for a 1  1/2 bedroom house.  The unexperienced and unprofessional movers had to take 2 trips. The second owner still agreed to give me the same price with no additional charge for their fault of bringing a small truck. The drive is 45 minutes per trip from the storage space to the home.   At the beginning of the 2nd trip, the movers asked ME to go to the store and get them something to drink. I really did not feel comfortable leaving strangers with my personal belongings with no supervision. I did not want them to pass out in the heat. Even though they should have been drinking water, I took a chance and went to the store to go get a blue PowerAde and Dr. Pepper at their request.  I took a photo of the license plate on the UHAUL truck. I hurried back. Time as passed and they are close to filling up the truck the second time. Once again, the truck is filling up FAST! My washer, dryer, treadmill and refrigerator along with other large items are still not on the truck. One of the movers was annoyed  and begins to tell the other mover that he hates his boss (the owner) for giving them a small truck.  One of the mover's proceeds to call the office, but no one answers for about  1/2 an hour. Once they finally answer, I see the movers closing the truck without the remainder of my items on the truck! I ask them what is happening. They replied by saying they were going back and get a BIGGER TRUCK.    They left WITH MY ITEMS on that truck and headed to the downtown area were the office was.  They left  at 4pm and came back at 6pm. When the movers arrived at 6pm to finish the job,  IT WAS THE SAME TRUCK, BUT  DIFFERENT MOVERS! They finally finished after 8pm. By this time, my storage unit is closed so they had to keep my items OVERNIGHT!  They gave me a new price of $500! I could not believe this was happening.  I was being swindled!  The owner told the movers that she wanted me to pay the $245 right now and pay the remainder of the balance tomorrow morning when they dropped off my items at the storage unit and wanted me to sign a document stating that I would do that. I refused to sign anything that I did not agree to.  One of the movers agreed that it was wrong the way I was treated. I let them take my items to their office over night. The mover said he would personally deliver my items to the storage space 1st thing the next morning. Once the mover showed up the next morning, he showed me some paper work that one of the owners put together for me to sign and pay the balance. THEY WANTED TO KEEP MY STUFF UNTIL I PAID DOUBLE OF WHAT WAS AGREED!  I still refused.  I was going to call the authorities. The mover stopped me and said squash it. After 24 hours of moving, they unloaded my items into the storage unit. I too afraid to have them drop a few of my things to my new place so I did not ask. I still gave the movers tips.  I don't see them staying in business by using movers with no experience and giving promises and not following through with them. SO GLAD THAT HORRIBLE NIGHTMARE IS OVER!
4	Reading the other reviews on this site makes me feel like all of us giving 4-5 stars are using a different company than those giving 1 star. I moved yesterday and chose 1st Integrity to handle my move because of the Amazon Local $99 voucher. But unlike some other people commenting here on Yelp, I READ my voucher and knew I only had two hours of move time and up to a 3rd hour for travel time. It took my movers three hours and 15 minutes to load, drive, and unload total. So of course I expected to be charged for an additional hour. My crew (Ralph & Sean) were wonderful: professional, polite, funny, and expedient. Sean even felt bad charging me for the third hour since I had a voucher. The only reason I'm not giving them a full 5 stars is because the owner had to replace the first crew assigned to me when they were an hour late getting to my place. So officially the movers showed up 90 minutes late. However, the owner refunded $20 of my final bill for having to switch crews on me. I move a lot - ten times in the last ten years - and I know if I move again in a year I will be calling 1st Integrity again. But this time I will ask for Ralph & Sean up front and not even bother with a voucher... their rates are pretty fair without one! The final total came to $98 with tax, before the $20 refund. Other people may not have had as pleasant an experience, but I loved mine.
5	Amazing!!! We moved this last weekend and I have to say out of all 15 moves I have done in my life, Sean and Robert were by far the best! They were on time, no hidden charges, friendly, PROFESSIONAL, Both moves had stairs, I know how difficult that is physically and they were efficient and truly I was shocked at how they used their time and energy to move us. Not one thing was damaged (I always expect something to be damaged). We have another move out of state coming up and they will be the only movers I will use again (in the phoenix area).I cant say enough good things about them, they are amazing!!! Sean and Robert, THANK YOU!!!
5	These guys were great!  I had an unusual situation where I needed them to come 3 different times in 2 days to help me move furniture in and out of my place as I was getting all new flooring and carpeting done.  They were very adaptable and always aiming to please.  The 3rd time was a sort of last minute call to them to come back and help me, and they managed to work it into their schedule to do it.  I had Zack and Robert - they were very helpful and very nice.  I definately recommend them for any kind of moving.
1	UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES HIRE THIS COMPANY! WORST MOVING EXPERIENCE POSSIBLE!!!!! ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!  (At least read the terrible ending to the experience). They were over an hour late so I tried to call them and they didn't answer for another hour, and replied saying they'd be there in 45 minutes then NEVER showed up! I kept calling and calling and finally someone called me back saying they'd be there at 7PM instead of 7AM ruining my entire day of moving. To make matters worse they were lazy, threw my belongings around, and put everything right inside the door instead of in the appropriate rooms (ALL BOXES were labeled). Oh and it gets even worse because they were smoking cigs and talking/hanging out on the clock and then stopped 40 minutes early and still charged me for the entire time!!!MOST IMPORTANTLY!!!!The icing on the cake was that they couldn't work pay pal so wanted me to give them my debit card number over the phone to their boss before they would leave.... THEY ENDED UP STEALING MY CARD NUMBER AND ORDERING $90 OF PAPA JOHNS ON IT THE NEXT DAY!!!I called and left two voicemails that were never returned. Needless to say this entire company is a scam and I filed a police report on their CRIMINAL behavior.PLEASE DONT MAKE THE HORRID MISTAKE OF MOVING WITH THIS COMPANY!
1	This was the worst moving experience of my life and the company is a mess. I hired two guys and they sent me two, but one of them could not lift furniture and didn't know how to move. They told me I needed to get a third person and would need to pay for it or provide my own. So I provided my own. They then charged me for 1.25 hours of extra time which was due to their incompetence. They then DOUBLE charged me for the entire move. They were completely unresponsive to my complaints including calls and emails in an attempt to rectify the situation. They agreed to refund the duplicate charge and reimburse me for the extra hours. Paypal declined the transaction for the duplicate charge unable to verify funds and they have yet to attempt to reimburse me for the extra hours either. I will likely have to take legal action to get my money back. DO NOT USE THEM. EVER!
1	RUN IN THE OTHER DIRECTION!!! DO NOT USE THEM!!!!I found this company through a Living Social deal. They were very helpful in the beginning. Willing to push back move times and reschedule due to our home not being available to occupy on time. We also stored our items with them at their secure storage lot. They delivered our items and we had noticed that we were missing boxes. Also, One of our dressers that is valued over $1200 had been damaged during the move. Nothing too bad but definitely noticeable. After speaking with Robin, the owner, she said she would search for our items and come down to our home and assess the damage to our dresser. She denied having the boxes which I knew was a lie. She looked again a few more times and low and behold, she had our boxes. She never showed up to drop them off at our scheduled time so after speaking with her AGAIN she came down with our boxes and took pictures of the damage. She then made an appointment to come back to have her men fix it. They never showed. We've tried numerous times to get in touch with her with no success. Our dresser is now permanently damaged and an eye sore to look at. This company does bad business, and should not be able to operate.
