5	Finding a new dentist is always a difficult and nerve-wracking task. Fortunately for me I found Dr. Dan. Dr. Strinkoski's office is located on Western Ave in a one of the beautiful row homes. On a street where all of the spots are metered you'll find two or three un-metered spots right in front of the office. I don't know if this is on purpose or just great luck, either way I appreciate it. The office is very nice and new inside, equipped with every bell and whistle you could imagine (you can watch tv as you have your teeth cleaned!) Dr. Dan is unlike any dentist I've met in the past. While most are as exciting as a manila folder, Dr. Dan has some real personality. The language in the office is often times loose and relaxed (some "dudes and F bombs might slip out), however his professionalism shines through when he gets to work. I hadn't been to the dentist in about 2 years and I never got that sense of disapproval or shame you can sometimes get from dentists. "How often do you floss? Only once in a while? Hmm, you know its important? Right?" My vacation from the dentist left me with a cavity, which Dr. Dan filled  with the speed and efficiency of a NASCAR pit crew. I was in and out within 20 minutes. Another aspect of Dr. Dan's practice that I appreciate is that its basically a one man show. He, rather than and a hygienist, does the cleaning. If you're looking for great dentist in the Pittsburgh area go with Dr. Strinkoski.
5	Can your dentist be your best friend?!You'd be lucky to have them as a bestie because your teeth would always look amazing!  It doesn't matter, because now that I've found my new dentist (THANKS Yelp and Alex W), I will have pretty teeth as well.  The dentist was never a scary thing for me, I just got out of the habit of going.  My teeth felt gross and I got ashamed... So I kept pushing it off.  I spent enough time being lazy and having dirty teeth, so I turned to Yelp.As soon as you walk into the office you're greeted by the nicest man ever.  I believe he must be the assistant.  He greeted me and thanked me for coming even before I had my check-up.  It's in a beautiful victorian house on the North Side, but all the equipment is state of the art.  Dr. Dan was thorough, but I was mostly entertained by his colorful commentary on the Food Network and how much he loves chef Lidia.  He also brought out his ADORABLE new puppy for me to see.  SERIOUSLY, I wanted a lifetime supply of toothbrushes and this puppy!  I thought it was neat because he put my x-rays up on the TV for me to see and described what he saw (no cavities, whoop whoop!).  Is it weird to say I can't wait until my 6 month check up?
5	Usually, I'm a total coward at the dentist. Like, fists clenched, legs tense, eyes shut kinda coward. I chose a new dentist strictly based on location and the review of the gentleman below, and I am beyond glad I did. Dr. Dan is amazing! I was at ease almost immediately, Eric is a hard person not to like, and Dr. Dan made me feel like I was in very capable hands.I'm so fortunate to have found you, Dr. Dan!
5	I love Dr. Dan and Eric! I started going to Dr. Dan because I lived on Western Avenue and it was a convenient walk to the dentist. Now, about 8 years later, I still make the drive from Carnegie to see Dr. Dan, because he is THAT good. Dr. Dan and Eric are so friendly that you feel like you're going to visit an old friend when you head in for a check up and cleaning. They always ask how I am doing, what is new at work and home, and how my family is. It makes the time pass quickly and helps me to keep my mind off the the real reason I am there (I'm not a huge fan of teeth cleanings). Its not just empty chatter either, they will remember whats going on in your life and ask about it at your next visit. This is the first time I've had a dentist actually CARE about his patients to this degree! I have never had any issues or any bad experiences. I have had my teeth cleaned and a few fillings put in. Never experienced any pain, just your usual, very minor, dental discomfort. They use digital equipment so there is no waiting to develop xrays, and they will put them up on the screen in front of you and show you exactly whats going on in your mouth. The office is always spotless, and thanks to the warm decor it doesn't have that sterile dentists office feeling. While they work on you they will give you the remote control to the TV that hangs above the chair and let you pick which show you would like to watch. At the end of your visit they give you a warmed moist towelette to clean yourself up, a mirror to check your pearly whites, and of course your little goody bag with floss, toothbrush, and paste. It makes you feel like you are at a cross between a dentist office and a spa! Oh, and if you are a dog owner they will give you a little baggie containing a milk bone tied with a bow to take home to your four-legged friend! How cute! I have sent many friends and family members to Dr. Dan, and will continue to do so. He is simply amazing!
