2	Mid-sized dining area. Prices ok, to-go orders charged by weight. Smells like fish (in a bad way, just to be clear), but looks clean. Food was nothing special, but not bad. Staff was... not there? Loud elevator-type music, and two tvs with Spanish soap-operas on. Not going here again.
2	The other half and I settled on this place the other nite b/c we couldn't find the other Chinese buffet we were searching for.  After about an hour's drive, we looped back toward CenPho and pulled in here instead.  I had a bit of trepidation but you know I love me some ghetto Chinese buffet.  We'll, that's exactly what I got.The selection was pretty good but there were only about 10 things I ventured to try. The fried rice was skank; bland, tasteless and mealy. The "lo mein" was actually the best thing on the buffet.  The chicken dishes were ok.  The pork spareribs were disgusting; mushy candy-red chunks of bone with hardly any meat, swimming in a gelatinous sea of sauce that tasted of only 1 thing I can compare the flavor to -- pink urinal cakes.  There was some nasty looking fried fish remains left dying on the buffet (the skin had been crackling under the lights for hours) and some assorted old food.  No egg rolls. Nasty dried out rangoon. The tables were sticky (which grosses me out completely) and the bathrooms were actually better than I expected given the rest of the place.I think if we'd come earlier the offerings may have been more appealing.  We hit the place around 8:30 on a Saturday nite and they closed at 10, so they weren't refilling the tables much. Such is life in buffettown.On a positive note, the fountain Coke was the best I've tasted in years -- perfect balance of sweet Cokey syrup and enough carbonation to not seem flat.I doubt I'd go in again, although the register receipt did crack us up.  At the top it reads, "Great Dragon Buffet presents the THANK YOU". Well, thank you GDB!
1	I was left speechless today... this is a VERY rare occurence. I have tried several chinese buffets in glendale and central phx that left me feeling 'whatever' or worse. I drove by this place a few times and it didnt look bad from outside. WOW... I was wrong. The best part is at the end!!!Lets start with service.The Spikey haired young guy working/texting behind the register was very apathetic when I asked how he was doing.. he mumbled something i didnt understand and handed me back my stapled receipt for two ( 20 bucks total) He just seemed very rude...not welcoming at all.Atmosphere... standard chinese buffet furniture.. whatever... the televisions were BLASTING spanish tv.... so annoying.Food...would have been mediocre if it was fresh.. it had been sitting out 4 hours... I spit out several things i tried and after getting down a few things.... we get to the most interesting part...I feel sick...I want to get this slop out of me before I get full blown poisoning...So I get up to go to the bathroom...Which SUPRISE!!! is inhabited by a 9 year old boy taking a dump with the stall door wide open and his two year old brother is NAKED!!!!! unravelling the TP roll beside him!!! WTF!?? seriously?? I go into the other stall to hurl and cannot even bring myself near the toilet...It was horrifying....yes teh bathroom was too gross to puke in! I reach out and grab the waste can ... feeling a bit better AND worse for what I have witnessed... I go back to my table and ask my friend to go to the restroom and confirm what I just saw... she comes back laughing...and about 30 seconds later out runs the naked toddler... YES THROUGH THE DININGROOM. The couple had to have like 7 kids...We burst out laughing and ran out of the building.. so freaking SURREAL.I am taking no artistic license here... Thems the facts.We keep asking each other if that REALLY happened. Disgusting!!!
3	Went here today with Rand H.for there lunch time buffet. The food here was your typical Chinese fare and was alright nothing i ate was terrible and at the same token nothing was outstanding. They have good polish sausage and I liked the corn on the cob with a tray of melted butter on the side.There crispy chicken wings were also very good. Drinks are included with the buffet which makes this a very reasonable lunch buffet and ok if your in the area.
4	This Buffet has never been able to get itself going very well on Yelp, which I think is a shame because the food is good here!  I have come a number of times since my initial review back in '09, & always enjoy it.  Today, Mike C. joined me.Some positives:*  Every time I come here, I get a cheerful greeting from the little gal that runs the place.  (She's plain, but I think she's hot!     :-))  Ok, sorry.)*  They now have Sushi, & the total number of food items out has increased to around 90 from 70, plus sauces & dressings!*  Everything is good here.  Today I particularly liked the roasted peanuts for the salad, the Egg Foo Young, the Polska Keilbasa & the fried chicken.Ok, a couple of negatives:*  The place is getting a little run down...  torn booth upholstery, graffiti in the bathroom (not from today... we were here at opening time).*  They have 2 TVs blabbing out Mexican soap operas all day, but you can avoid them.  (We just turned off the one that was within our hearing distance.)The tasty food here keeps this one at 4 Stars for me, & keeps me coming back.  No one should be giving this one less than 3 Stars, in my opinion.Lunch Buffet $7.99/$6.99 Sr. including help-yourself soft drinks.
4	I thought it was pretty good for a buffet,  try everything if you can...
2	Meh. You know it's nothing special when no one working there is of the ethnicity the food is meant to be. It was a confusing experience. The food was nothing to write home about. Being from Reno, NV, I've experienced some awesome buffets in my time. This is not one of them. I'm sad that I wasn't impressed by this place, since it's within walking distance of my house.
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =I eat here every so often, but it's been almost a year since an Update for them, so here's how it was today when Mike C. joined me up here for the Lunch Buffet:*  The food was good overall, especially the broccoli salad, salad peanuts, fried chicken, the Polish (?) Sausage, the BBQ short ribs, & the Egg Foo Young with peanut gravy.  There was a good selection of 82 food items out today, plus sauces & dressings.With that said, a few negatives cost them a Star this time.  They need to tighten their act up a little bit:*  It was well after the posted opening time, before they had all the food out.  (It was that way last time, too.)*  Had to ask them to kill the TVs blaring out Mexican soap operas.  Then another staff member turned them back on.  Then had to ask again to get them turned back down.  (This is a frequent problem with this place.)*  Our booth table was wobbly.*  The water had an icky taste & needs to be filtered!Weekday Lunch Buffet (including beverage):  $7.99/$6.99 Sr.
5	Well after reading the reviews I wanted to run but I thought check it out being a traveler I eating at a bunch of joke buffet's this one is good I got there at 2 pm thought im screwed I'll just check it took a look wow tons of food and all hot, good favor do yourself right go here , this place is good i will be back
1	It has been over a year ago (maybe two years ago) since I visited this place. I happen to be in this shopping center & hungry, so I stop in here. It is about 3PM. The place was relatively empty - as expected of a typical restaurant.There were several tables with empty dishes, one Mexican lady clearing and wiping the tables. I raise my hand  for a glass of water - she quickly went and got me a glass ice water then goes right back to cleaning.The water tasted mucky - tasted like moldy water. They definitely need to filter their water.The place is smelly. It needed major cleaning - big time. I am  surprise not more reviewers mention this - very noticeable.I stay with the salad bar food which is pretty good. I took a small sample of other foods - it was ok; bland but ok.It is hard for me to imagine how anyone can give this place more than a one star. I don't think I will be back until next owner.
2	I just wanted to chime in. I've had this place a few times just to check to see if it has improved any. Trust me, the food is just terrible. When you walk in, you are slammed with the smell of seafood- the taste is even in the food. I think they believe that it's good that the whole place smells like a fish market. How can Red Lobster smell less fishy than this place? The rice is dry, tastes like fish, and doesn't have any flavor. The best item on the menu is the jalapeno potatoes, which aren't even oriental. The to go cups are very small, and you can't get any other size.  People consistently use the tongs & large spoons, then set the handle (which they just touched) directly onto the food, which isn't heated enough to kill any germs.  I don't think it is unsafe, just really terrible. Please avoid this place, they don't deserve to stay open.
