3	I was on the way out of this Albertson's and the security guard struck up a conversation with me.  We were standing by the skill crane machine, where some kid was looking at stuffed animals.After the kid walked away the guard pointed out an old man doll in the machine.  While an old man doll in a crane machine seemed a bit odd, I saw characters from the old Muppet Show and quickly realized that he was one of the 2 grumpy old men from the Muppet Show.The guard went on to tell me that they should not put old man dolls in the machine because no one would try to win them and furthermore, that doll could not go to some kids house because it would come in their room at night and bad things would happen.  Only in Vegas, baby.  Only in Vegas.Otherwise this is a perfectly normal Albertson's.  In Vegas.
5	They are remodling right now.  Should be nice and new when it is done.
1	One word to describe this store.... Ghetto!! Do yourself a favor and go to Vons up the street. Staff here are usually clueless and the layout is terrible. Also u can smell the seafood dept clear across the store. It's just gross.
2	All I have to say is that they have a very very small sandwhich selection at the deli.  Kinda unusual given that the deli itself is good sized.
1	Really poor service in the deli. They make you wait as long as they please, no manners while serving you, and claim different rules and conditions EVERY TIME you order a meal deal. I avoid this store at ALL COSTS.
3	Albertsons : in general too expensive & their layout is not for the convenience of the shoppers, but to make us stay in the store (cuz god knows no one can find anything here) so we'll spend more money. This albertsons: no better or worse than others.
5	This review is for their bakery.  We have ordered birthday cakes several times and they taste wonderful.  My daughter was wanting the whole RockStar theme and the baker was no patient with us to help her create the perfect cake.  There was a large selection of fillings and frostings.  I was very happy how the cake turned out  but mostly happy that everyone was saying how great the cake tasted.
2	If anyone wonders why Albertsons wants to bail out of Southern Nevada just visit this store. Start by doing some comparison shopping on price and you'll find Albertsons is higher than just about any other supermarket chain in the valley. Add in aloof and not very helpful staff working in produce and the meat counter, and don't forget the one checkout lane open experience outside of peak times and there's a good chance you'll wish you were somewhere else. This location has a very good Starbucks staffed by great baristas who are very good at what they do. But even a great Starbucks can't cover the fact that your pocketbook gets ripped off when you come here. Don't send your money to Eden Prairie, MN where their corporate office is. Go elsewhere...the savings differences will astound you if you comparison shop. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #12)
4	I've been to this Alberston's a few times to pick up groceries.. I usually try to stay away from Albertson's, because I find them ungodly expensive. Anyways, groceries did not bring me to Alberston's today......THE DMV KIOSK DID.We all have that time of the year, when we need to get our cars smoged and renew our plate registration. Today just happened to be my time.Located by the registers and the Red box, no one was using the kiosk.5 minutes and $320 later, I was printing my sticker and my receipt.**There is a $3 kiosk charge.They only accept plastic or personal checks.NO CASHI'll be back next year!
