5	Dr. Jones and his staff have a great practice here!  Records and pre visit paperwork are all electronic. Testing is performed with the latest technology to facilitate quick and accurate diagnosis without discomfort.  Dr. Jones and his staff are very personable and my visits have always been great!  Very convenient for the lower east valley and I highly recommend this practice to take care of your vision needs.
5	I love my yearly exams with Dr. Jones.  The high tech machines make the evaluation of my eyes such a pleasure !!!
5	I had the best vision appointment  @ Premier Eyecare of Arizona. The office is very nice. I was given a warm greeting welcoming me upon entering. The young lady who performs the initial tests was so nice and made me feel comfortable. She explained the tests and answered all my questions. Dr. Jones was great, my questions were his priority. He is so knowledgable and has a gift in explaining difficult things in an easy way for anyone to understand. I couldn't have been more pleased. My family will be seeing this office for all our vision needs.
5	Dr Jones is amazing. I have terrible prism and astigmatism issues. He has been the only doctor who has gotten my lenses correct the first time. I would recommend him to anyone especially, if they have difficult eye issues.The staff is also amazing. Amanda, especially. They know exactly what needs to be done and how to do it.
4	New patient to Premier Eyecare.  My first visit went well, the staff and doctor were pleasant to see.  Thus far, would recommend this office to others.
5	I have been going to Dr. Justin Jones at Premier Eyecare of AZ for several years. This is the only facility I trust for my vision needs. Dr. Jones has the latest information and tests available for diagnosing eye disease and other vision problems. Each and every eye test is completely explained before the tests begin. Your comfort and understanding is a priority with Dr. Jones. The office is immaculate and the staff friendly and respectful. They also have a large selection of frames and will not try to sell you extras you do not need. Their office hours are great...they are open till 6 pm several days a week. I would highly recommend Premier Eyecare of Arizona and Dr. Justin Jones to everyone.
5	This place is great! The staff is super friendly and knows what they're doing, plus they have all the latest and greatest technology. Dr Jones fixed all the mistakes that my previous eye doctor made and was a lot more knowledgeable. My previous eye doctor tried about 8 different pairs of contacts on me and still couldn't figure it out and ended up going back to my original prescription (which was no longer clear). My previous doctor also tried 3 different times to get my glasses right but never could and I now have a pair of glasses that I payed lots of money for and can never wear. All this to say, Dr Jones at Premier EyeCare was great and got BOTH my contacts and glasses right the FIRST time! If you're looking for an eye doctor that is friendly, knows what they're doing, and won't waste your time, then go check out Premier EyeCare of Arizona!
5	State of the art equipment, Dr. Jones is personable, and I have faith in treatment and advice given.
5	Very through exam and explanation by Dr. Jones, not rushed at all. Staff great too. He is excellent at rgp prescriptions, they are not easy to get right, he does a great job!
5	Great office staff and Dr Jones is outstanding.  His team really makes you feel at home and all are very helpful and professional.
1	While I felt welcome while there, after I left I started receiving "phantom" bills.  That is, on two occasions, with a zero balance, I received a bill for $100, and then one for $75.  I am not sure if it's because I'm a senior citizen or a sucker, but I was told my two insurance policies did not cover those expenses.  So, I have $500+ eyeglasses, and cannot say anything good about this place.
