5	The food here is BOMB!!!If you're into L.A. Style roach coaches this is one of the top one's minus the roach part!!This food truck serves authentic Mexican tacos just like you would pick up on Florence, Broadway or Pico!! This food truck has been setting up shop at this location for a good 2 years now. It sits in front of a llantera for those who don't know that's Spanish for tire shop. I personally love these type of spots it always brings great memories to mind.The tortillas here are hand made and are extremely fulfilling. The meat is good quality meat and is always seasoned just right. They offer a salsa bar which has an assortment of items and not just the normal salsa. You are able to pick up green and red salsa along with cilantro and onions that are already minced to sprinkle on your tacos as they come plain when you get them to go. They also offer guacamole, limes, and these onions that are soaked in lime juice they taste awesome! Now at the end of the salsa bar there's a pot that has beans in it. You are able to freely serve yourself these beans you can either ask for a small cup or you can simply put them on your taco.
5	These are the best tacos I have had here in Las Vegas!!!!  I have been going here for the past 2 years or so.  When ever we have family here from out of town we have to bring them here to eat.  My husband and I come here to eat even when it's super hot, and super cold outside.  During the summer months I enjoy my tacos with horchata water, which is a sweet rice drink, and during the winter I always order champurrado.  My husband always orders the tacos al pastor, and I always order tacos de tripa(tripe tacos), taco de lengua(tongue), and I order these with cheese.  You can see the ladies making the tortillas right in front of you( if you are tall enough lol).  They have a salsa bar with all the toppings.  If you try this place out please try their purple onions which they soak in lime juice.  Also, prepare to eat standing.  To me, the food is worth standing while you eat. They also have quesadillas, burritos, and tortas but I have never had these.
5	Love this taco stand, service is fast and courteous and for a roach coach, it's surprisingly clean. Prices are reasonable as well as the portions. Worth every peso!!! Have been eating there for awhile and have never been disappointed. if you've never experienced truly authentic home style Mexican food then this is a must stop aboard the taste bud express
