5	Wow!!! I've never had such a great experience getting an eye exam. The front desk staff were fun and friendly, and the doctor was quick and knowledgeable. I am thoroughly impressed with this office.
1	The service here is TERRIBLE! Right from the beginning, every aspect of my experience there was painful!I went in for an exam and glasses, and the doctor there was very uncaring. She mumbled most of the way through and really rushed me out. When it came time to choose a frame, one of the attendants would not leave me alone. She seemed to be rushing me too and talking over me to point out frame after frame. Finally, when I found one I liked, she sat me down to sell me lenses. However, instead of just explaining the options one by one, she focused on the type of lens first and, with complete immaturity, stressed over and over again how "clear" they were. She said that they DIDNT HAVE ANY GLARE, that they were perfect! She was like the worst kind of used car salesman-- blatantly over the top without actually giving any information.  After some time, a clerk in the back piped up and said that they were actually the lenses that get dark in the sunlight, and that she was WRONG. And although they said they'd call me after a couple of weeks, I ended up calling THEM after nearly a MONTH in order to check the status! The woman said, "Oh, they just arrived today!" which just has to be a complete lie. Lastly, when I finally got my glasses, I discovered that they had a tremendous amount of glare, despite all the hype, and that it would be $80 extra if I wanted no glare. I was livid. To sum it up, the staff here is very childish, uncaring, and unprofessional, and they really lack basic understanding of their own products. I am never coming back, and I advise you to steer clear.
5	I can't say enough good things about this office- after a hellish nightmare with eyeglass world, i got on the target optical website  booked an appointment online for that same day. got to the office-the front desk staff was amazingly friendly, they got me back right away,  dr ziff(?) very was friendly and thorough, and my exam was done in 15 minutes! i wasn't planning on buying glasses there and they gave me my prescription with no pressure or hassle- i would definitely recommend this office!
5	This optical is wonderful! I picked up my finished product and I have to say from start to finish that it was the absolute best experience buying glasses that I have ever had. The staff was friendly and accommodating on the phone when I booked the appointment. The Doctor was on time with his exams and he explained everything. BEST exam I have ever had. He handed me off to the staff and they were amazing. We had a GREAT time looking at all the frames and they were very proud of all their new product. They explained everything to me too. Perhaps the disgruntled customer in the offputting review didn"t appreciate enthusiasm? As a consumer I like to shop where the staff are happy and friendly. They called me BEFORE they said my glasses would be done and I got a great fitting. Good price, awesome friendly service and an awesome Doctor. Who could ask for more? I highly recommend Target Optical at Spectrum Mall.
5	Dr. Patel was very helpful and explained everything every step of the way very clearly. He asked if I had any questions a few times. After my exam I was helped by Laryssa, who was super helpful and explained all the promotions that were happening. I'm terrible at making decisions and I didn't feel rushed at all. Amazing services and they have a great selections. I even got a pair of shades!While I was being taken care of there was another woman being help by another associate who was going through about 20 different pairs of frames. The associate seemed super patient and helpful as well. Everyone working there seem to enjoy it and were all very knowledgeable.
4	Update on my experience with Target Optical: Since my recent bad experience Dr. Patel himself has been going above and beyond to finding me the right fit for my contacts. He contacted me himself to have me come back and followed up with my eye exam. My updated review is strictly for Dr Patel himself. I will be going to Target for Dr Patel only.  I do recommend anyone looking of an eye doc then to schedule with him, but make sure you verify that the appointment will be with him. You won't be disappointed.
2	Dr. Patel is quick and professional, which is as much as I can ask of an optometrist.The crew out front are like used car salesmen, though.  I wasn't particularly interested in new frames and told them this from the outset, but they pushed for me to browse, and then did that obnoxious hovering move that salespeople do.  When I didn't find anything, they suggested that I get sunglasses instead.  "Optical Technician" is a misnomer for these folks - they're mostly there to push Foster Grants.They also insisted that not using my insurance to get new frames is just "leaving money on the table" which isn't true - no carrier forces you to buy glasses from the same place you're examined.
4	I have a new job, new insurance, and weakening vision so I made an appointment with Dr. Patel.  Boy, was I pleasant ly surprised!.  He is efficient, personable, and very encouraging!  I was very impressed by his demeanor and plan to become a permanent patient of his.  He operates out of the Target at Spectrum mall, which is close and has convenient office hours .  The office staff is pleasant and the frame selection is affordably priced.  My glasses were ready in a week; overall, the experience has been stellar ,:)
5	Have not received my glasses yet but I was just there 2 business days ago, but I wanted to review Dr. Patel and the staff. for 10 years I have been jerked around by optometrists and their offices, this is the first AMAZING experience I've had. Dr. Patel was helpful and VERY informative. the staff was amazing and very clear on how to use my benefits.
5	Even though I did not purchase glasses here at the end I was given very good customer service by Tad. Pretty funny guy and down to earth. Answered all my questions and thanks to him I became more educated on the different type of lenses. (Most shops offer the same type of lenses but with different names). At the end with insurance I was better off purchasing a name brand at LensCrafters but I will refer friends with no insurance to come here for the discounts.
