5	Keeping up my hair had been a regular expense of $300 every 6 weeks. To conserve in an uncertain economy without going gray, I visited a few different salons in the area to shop for a new colorist at a reasonable price. When I walked into the Mane Event and was greeted by Everett James it was an omen. First of all, Everett has been established in the valley for many years and is a celebrity among his peers. To find him ready and available to accept me as a new client was incredible. What's more, he informed me that I do not need to pay $300 to accomplish the touch ups every 6 weeks. He did my color, shampoo, cut, blow-out and style for $55!  He is way better than the divas getting the big bucks and that is why he stays booked while the divas still wonder where all the good customers are.
5	I found out about this salon after buying a Groupon ($35 for a shampoo, conditioning treatment, haircut and blowout).  All I can say is that I was quite happy with the results.  Jen definitely knows what she's doing.I purchased the Groupon and was able to make an appointment for the next day--due to the overwhelming popularity I was surprised that I could even get an appointment so easily.When I arrived at the salon, I was greeted by the manager who promptly asked if I wanted something to drink and read while I waited.  I was led to my chair for a quick consultation, asking mainly what I wanted to do with my hair (how much to cut, etc.) then led to the area where I was going to get the treatment.I got a shampoo, as well as a mini scalp massage, the treatment, sat under a hair dryer for 10 min, got the treatment washed out, and went back for my haircut.Jen was quite knowledgeable, telling me about the salon, different services, and even said that the salon had been in business for the last 4 years.  I finally got the blowout, and my hair feels completely different--softer, shinier, and easier to handle.  If it wouldn't have been for Groupon, I definitely wouldn't have tried this salon out.  It's easy to get to, although if you get an appointment toward the latter part of the day, note that the plaza is full of a lot of restaurants Five Guys, Buffalo Wild Wings, etc) and a few other clothing stores.  So, you will definitely want to take this into account.I got a 20% off coupon for my return visit, and will definitely be coming back whenever I need to get my hair done again.  Thanks Jen!
5	I also had a Groupon for a moisturizing treatment and cut/style at this salon and I am very impressed and  very happy the services here.  I was able to get in the morning after I called. Sonia was my stylist and I absolutely  LOVE what she did with my hair. she understood exactly what I wanted ( long deep layers) and she cut it right the first time ... One if the best cuts I've had since I left Cali.  I definitely definitely recommend Sonia at The Mane Event!
5	Got referred here by singer Olya and now Everett is my mane man.  Very fair rates and he takes his time.  The salon is a beautiful color scheme.  Great selection of hair products.  Pretty purses and jewelry. And best of all, great music in the background.  Kaizen Sushi s next door for a quick roll 50% off while you wait for your roots to accept the color.  Ask for Everett
5	Do you know how you can tell when someone is cutting your hair whether or not they know what they're doing? Jen knows what she's doing!I have naturally curly hair and have been going to the same stylist in Chicago for nearly 20 years. Was in Henderson for an extended period of time, and my hair was getting TOO long. I've been known to take the scissors to myself, but I'm so glad I decided against that, and even happier that I found The Mane Event. For a solid haircut experience, I highly recommend Jen.
5	Found the Mane Event on Yelp after searching for awhile after moving to Henderson.  I even got a groupon elsewhere and couldn't get an appointment for a couple of weeks and I did not want to wait.  The Mane Event accommodated my work schedule and I had my first visit there yesterday.  First, it's an appealing place--open and soothing at the same time.  I was greeted warmly and introduced to Sonya (lucky me).  She asked the right questions and we went forward with a color and slight trim.  We had a good discussion about options for my impossible hair and I left there with a great color, good advice, and good trim.  I really don't like going anywhere for these procedures, but I did like the Mane Event.  The cost was WAY below what I spent when living in Chicago for less value.  I am one happy customer.
5	Bought a groupon for cut and style and went to Sonia.. I took a leap of faith and went from shoulder length long layers to a Bob with layers.  Sonia did an awesome job, she took her time and made sure my oh so curly hair laid right on my head with this new do.  Sonia is my new stylist...
1	Was searching on Yelp for a new stylist around my area and read the reviews and decided to try Everett....made an appt for 5pm...when I got there noticed his chair was right in front of the reception area not 20 feet from the door. Told the receptionist I was there to see Everett....He barely looked at me. He had a client in the chair. I sat down to wait for him and 20 minutes goes by;  he dosent acknowledge me once. Not a be with you in awhile, running late.....Hello etc.....nothing. I told the front desk and left. So much for customer service.
4	I am so bummed, tried to book Sonia for a haircut and she is gone!  If anyone knows where she went please post!
5	Under a new name E'POQUE (pronounced Epic) with the same high quality beauty services and most importantly, Everett James is still there!
5	Just went to have my haircut today for the first time...Jen was my stylist.  I was very happy with the fresh, new look she gave me.  She also said that I would be able to get another discounted haircut at my next cut!  WOW!!!  A quality haircut at a GOOD price...can't beat it!!
