5	I was referred to Todd at Alcatraz from A 1 Key Service.  He was very friendly, professional, and courteous.  He came out and made me a new chip key for HALF the price of what my insurance quoted me.  He also cut me a 2nd non-chipped key for free in case I lock my other keys in my car.   The entire job took him less than 30 minutes.  I will definitely be recommending Alcatraz to friends in need of a locksmith.
5	They were fast and got the car open quickly. And the man that came was very helpful after he got the car opened with my alarm and some other small issues. Small but nonetheless I didn't know what to do, and he did and was nice enough to help. I would highly recommend and use again.
5	I received great service from Todd at Alcatraz. I lost my keys to my apartment and my car. I was referred to Todd by a friend and he made his way to my place very quickly. I was  not expecting that fast of a service on a Sunday. He was very helpful and professional. I was able to get a new key to my car and access to my apartment in less than an hour.  I would highly recommend Alcatraz's services.
5	Great service. Todd went out of his way to make sure I got a new key-chip made for my car last minute.
5	I have used Todd on at least a dozen occasions. I am a property investor and I buy multiple homes. I need Todd for EVERY house I do and he is ALWAYS there for me. He even got me into my own car once. At the drop of a hat, he is there for me. His knowledge is excellent, his demeanor is fantastic and his service and workmanship is excellent. I would NEVER use another locksmith unless he was dead or out of town. In which case I would probably ask him to come home. :) Use this guy. Hes great.
5	I woke up on July 4, 2012 and saw that it was raining. I walked outside my condo to check out the rain in a shirt and basketball shorts with no shoes. I turn around to go back inside and my front door is locked. I checked my windows and sliding glass door and everything was locked. Started to panic not only due to the fact that it's raining and I have no shoes on but it's 4th of July and I didn't think anyone was open. I googled phoenix locksmith and came across Alcatraz. Gave them a call and within minutes Todd was at my condo with his tools and got me back into my house. Not only was he funny but had great customer service. Hopefully I never have another situation where I get locked out (he also made me 2 free sets of keys, front door & security door), but if I do I know who to call. I highly recommend Todd and will refer him to anyone who might need his services. Thanks again Todd!
5	One of our Lexus car keys/key fob was cracked and needed to be replaced. Going to the dealer would be anywhere from $250-$400! I found Alcatraz on Yelp and called Todd. Todd did exactly what he said had to be done and the charge was $75.00. Todd is knowledgeable and knows what he is doing. Most other locksmiths couldn't do the job because they don't have the machine necessary to fabricate the key. I am a home inspector in the Phoenix metro area, and before I left with my new key, I took more than a few of Todd's business cards that I plan to give to my clients, so that when they move into their new home, they can call someone who is reliable, knowledgeable and trustworthy to help with their home security.  Thanks, Yelp, as I found Alcatraz on your site.
5	It's a Saturday, and the lock to my house wont open.  I called Alcatraz who was open.  They arrived 30 minutes early, and quickly fix my problem, for what I consider a reasonable rate. I recommend this company for on-call situations, and I am very satisfied.
5	In reading other reviews of Alcatraz Locksmith, I see everyone has given them five stars..  My experience today was such that I won't change that.   Here's another five stars!  Todd arrived when he said he would and went to work.  He was more than willing to answer my questions and was quite agreeable about how he did it.  The answers were also couched in layman's terms that I could understand.   He is very efficient and doesn't waste time about what he is doing. I have to admit I was amazed to see all the equipment and supplies he carries in his work van.  He also works clean and doesn't leave a mess when he is done. Todd also quoted me an approximate price for what he'd be doing for me.  I can't say I was thrilled but the job had to be done so what else could I do but  grin and bear it.  What really gave me a grin was when the cost was enough below the estimate to surprise me.  Then when I told him I had to use two different credit cards for business reasons, he was gracious about doing it that way.  This has not always been the case with service people.  With Todd, no problem.Obviously I can suggest when you need work done on any of your locks, give Todd a call.
5	Todd was a stand up dude. Very friendly, and efficient. The dealership quoted me for a sensor key at $800. His price was $170. Cheaper than the locksmith that triple A referred as well.
5	My husband and I had Todd come to our home today to change our locks and he was WONDERFUL!! If I could give him 10 stars I would. He was early which was great and he worked quickly. He was so very friendly and knowledgeable. It is obvious that Todd truly cares about the service he provides and always wants to satisfy his customers. He was wonderful. We have found our favorite locksmith. Thank you Todd!!!
5	I needed a key for my 350Z and the dealership wanted over $200!!  I met Todd at his home on a Saturday and he fixed me up for a whole lot less.  He also copied my safe key that was almost bent in half  Got it home and it worked great!  He did a great job and I highly recommend him for any locksmith work you may have.
5	Thank you Todd #Alcatraz Lock and Key. I had called over a dozen locksmiths and none of them could cut my Key.If you need a Bentley, Rolls Royce, Jag or other rare key made, call Todd.
5	I called Alcatraz Locksmith from Pismo Beach, California and spoke immediately to Todd, who I assume is the owner. I explained that my daughter recently purchased a new home near Phoenix and needed to have 8 doors re-keyed. Todd was extremely accommodating and polite whereby he immediately dispatched a service rep named Craig to change out the tumblers. Craig was  very competent and my daughter was very pleased with his work ethic. The price quoted by Todd was very reasonable (at least compared to California rates!). My whole transaction took place over the phone including  payment by credit card. Locksmiths are not something that you use that often but it's nice to know that Alcatraz if available if needed and will provide quality service. Highly recommended!
5	I had them come out to my house to make and program a new transponder key for my car.  They came an hour later than afternoon.  He was friendly and professional, and later  I found out he was the owner.  He was very personable and funny, and he seems to be a really good guy!  I called many other places before trying them and they were the cheapest by far.  He was also very quick.  He was done in less than 30 minutes and would have been done faster if we didn't have to wait for my car battery to charge.  I can't say enough how helpful he was!
5	I am leasing a 2010 Scion xB and returning it soon since the end of my lease term is nearing.  I had lost one of my two keys to the vehicle, which includes an all in one key/key-fob.  Knowing that I had to have both keys when I returned the vehicle at the conclusion of the lease, I checked with a dealership on how much it would cost to acquire and program a replacement key.  Needless to say, the price quoted was excessive (over $200).  So, I began to look at more affordable alternatives.  I was able to locate a key/key-fob via Ebay, but wasn't sure if I should proceed.  After calling a few auto locksmiths, I spoke with Todd at Alcatraz.  I could tell he was a busy man who got lots of "locksmith" inquiry calls, so I didn't want to waste his time.  However, he did take the time with me on the phone suggesting how to make sure I purchase the correct key, etc.  He provided this info while knowing I could possibly go to another locksmith after I bought the key to get it cut and programmed.  That in itself is good customer service!  Another locksmith or two didn't provide nearly as much information (or were simply hard to understand).  With the info Todd provided, I ordered the key, which came a few days later.  Then I called Todd back to make an appointment.  He met me on a Saturday late morning and cut/programmed the key in less than 15 minutes.  He even found a flaw with the key I bought and fixed it.  Plus, he did this at a wonderful price, saving me easily over $100 (if not more). I couldn't have been more pleased and highly recommend Alcatraz Locksmith.One other note which shows that this locksmith is a reputable one...  Todd had fielded a call which he was completing upon my arrival to meet with him.  While not going into details, I'll simply say that Todd was honest and forthright with whomever he was talking to, providing them advise on where to go for service for their particular auto issue as their request was outside the scope/reach of his services.  Hearing such advice and honesty is refreshing.
5	My 2013 Ford Focus key disappeared in Scottsdale this weekend and after a futile search for it, went on a hunt for a locksmith to come rekey it. I called Todd in an attempt to save a few $$ from the extensive list of locksmith's that the rental company provided and he told me that he would be the one of the few in the area that would have the correct equipment to replace a key like that. He was right. After calling every single locksmith on the list, most of whom guaranteed they could do it and could not, Todd came out and made the key. Even though it was an expensive, annoying inconvenience to have to get a new key, Todd's humor and expertise made a crappy situation, so much better and had a key made for me in no time. He also worked with my schedule as I had to get the rental back to California that evening.I highly recommend Alcatraz Locksmith if you ever need keys! Todd is awesome!
5	My house's front screen door deadbolt got jammed and I can usually jimmy it a bit and finally unlock it but this time I couldn't.  I called Alcatraz a little late in the evening and explained my situation.  At first I was a little put off by the service fee but it needed to be done so I went along with it.  I briefly remember calling a locksmith for my car one time and was left with a $200 bill, and then I called another time for a different house lock issue and the guy wouldn't even give me any pricing so I ended up not fixing whatever it was because I was afraid of the bill.  My home is currently on the market so I needed to get the front door opened obviously so I prepared myself for a nice little bill.  The total with the service fee was far less than I expected.  The people I worked with were extremely polite.  I am so glad to have found this company.  Definitely keeping their number in case I ever need a locksmith.
5	I was very bummed about having my wallet and key stolen.  Todd@Alcatraz came out and re-keyed my locks in just a few minutes, working around my schedule.  I appreciated their AAA+++ service.
5	We needed a security lock for our sliding glass door I called called Todd and told him what I needed and he was very knowledgeable. He said he would send someone out either that day or the next morning. Within a half hour I got a call from him saying he would be sending someone out within the hour. Before the hour was up they were there and they did a great job of putting on a security lock.  I will call them any time I need a locksmitth.
5	Todd is not only a excellent locksmith but a pleasure to talk to. He made quick work of making a new key for my motorcycle. He has all my future biz!Thanks Todd
5	Todd replaced the worn out keys and fixed the cylinder in the ignition of my Honda Odyssey. Dropped the van off and he was done with it by the end of the day.Another locksmith I had called previously referred me to Todd at Alcatraz Locksmith. He said that Todd was the local expert in automotive locks.
1	I called this company because so many of their reviews were so high and they clearly make an effort and care about their product (i.e.: they *have* an active Facebook page). Whoever answered the phone when I called was anything but "customer friendly". I am moving into a new house and need my security door and front door rekeyed. I asked for an estimate and was told it would be the service cost plus $10 per key hole. I don't know about you, but I don't memorize things like how many key holes are in a door I've unlocked once... when I asked a clarifying question to figure out a closer estimate, the tone of voice and abrupt reply were both very condescending and, again, short. I had to figure out "what I don't know" and ask several follow-up questions to PULL the information out of this guy. I will be finding a different company to do business with. From my experience, my guess is that this company filters out their bad reviews and only posts their good ones. #speakingofintegrity #annoyed
5	I had locked my laptop in my office (for which I didn't have a key).  They were at my house in 45 mins and Craig was just awesome.  He got the door unlocked in under 10 minutes and got me 2 extra keys for the door so the next time this happens I won't be locked out.Thanks!!!
5	A huge thank you to Alcatraz for being punctual and professional! My teenagers lost the only key to their car and Alcatraz came out when promised, unlocked the car, made a new key and were less expensive than other companies. I would use them again in a second. Thank you again!!
5	I just had a fabulous experience with Todd! I needed to get my ignition lock fixed but it was Saturday and my husband needed to leave town on Sunday. Todd came to the rescue, squeezing us in on a busy Saturday and doing with a smile and charm. He rebuilt it and guarantees it for a year. He also laser cut some new keys from the manufacture. It was a pleasure and I would recommend him to anyone. Thanks!
5	Awesome experience, very friendly knowledgable owner. I took my 2001 Ford Focus to him and it needed the keys reporgrammed ($120 at a dealership) and no one else I called had the correct equipment. He was friendly and cordial even though it was super hot out and our ignition had been duct taped up so we could still drive the car without the reprogrammed keys. It was $75 for everything and I was really happy and relieved we brought the car to him, he did a great job. If I ever need anything in the future I've got a guy!
5	We called Alcatraz after getting a $600 quote from 24/7 locksmith- Alcatraz was $185- he is helpful, friendly and very reasonable.
5	I never leave reviews for things, but I had to for this. In an industry that can be very shady and take advantage of people, Alcatraz Lock was honest, convenient, friendly, and professional. I hope I never have to use a locksmith to get a car rekeyed again, but if I do, Alcatraz will be the place I call.
1	It only took about 5 minutes on the phone with this guy to realize we weren't interested in doing business here.  I called asking if someone could come out and un-lock a door at work and was told "I don't even know where you are", I told him the cross streets and he said "ya" so I asked if he needed the address and I received a very rude "well yeah".  Hello, if you are running a business I shouldn't have to pull the info out of you.  I was just going to have him come but then thought if he's this rude why would I want him in my office?  We're paying him, right?  So I politely said "Actually, never mind, you're not very friendly, thanks a lot" and as I was hanging up the phone he yelled "F*** You"!  So needless to say this guy gets a big fat NO BUENO!  I did find an amazing locksmith who we'll definitely do business with in the future at Metro Lock Services (602)993-5676, they are quick, professional, and so friendly.
