3	They have wireless. They have booz. They have veggie food. They have woodfloors, tall big windows. They have shows. But there's something wrong about this place. I think there's no soul.
4	GENERAL NOTESGreat not-so-little cafe in the Plateau. Veggie menu and good coffee. Lots of character/characters. Music in the back room from time to time. MENU RECOMMENDATIONSVeggie burger. Delicious. Do it.SERVICE NOTESLaid back but mostly attentive staff. Sometimes it takes longer than you'd like to get a pint/coffee but you're not really bothered.LOCATION NOTESSouth corner of St Laurent and St Viateur. Street parking.
4	Found this little spot while wandering around mile end looking for a cafe to sketch and drink good coffeeIt met all of the above requirements for sure! I got a quiet little table at the front window perfect for people watching and sketching. I also tried one of the daily sandwiches which was a little plain but was greatly helped by the addition of a provided pickle,  the salad was excellent if a little small, but at $4 I'm not complaining too hard. Next time I'm trying the much lauded veggie burger. The coffee was excellent as is the service, I'm left mostly to my own devices which I like. Overall a good Zone to eat, study or just chill
4	At the corner of St. Laurent and St. Viateur hang out. If Anthropologie had a coffeehouse, this would be it. Effortlessly shabby chic, including gilded chairs with springs hanging out the bottom, mix-n-match chairs and retro tables make a most endearing space. The eclectic crew makes some excellent espresso drinks and the menu leans towards healthy. The clientele caress and focus on their laptops while looking fab. No need for a sign or even business cards: Cajibi is a place I could while away the day.
4	Decent mocha. Hipster heaven. Loud and angry music. Brought me back to my youth.The food looked pretty good, and the drinks were cheap. Want to go back for the "remedy" which has ginger and whiskey.
3	A great place to get a good coffee and a veggie sandwich while browsing the web, on your lunchtime. It's quite inexpensive and you're going to get something simple and good. Yum! Like everyone else said, it's "hipster mecca", so you better not mind the tight jeans and big glasses. ;-) I'm no hipster, but I do enjoy the look and feel. I usually go during the lunchtime and the service have always been very good. Althought some friends of mine said you can't be served in french sometimes, it never happened to me. The employees usually speaks both language, or at least a little bit of french. I've never been to their show during the evening, but I think it's quite cool that they offer a scene for local musicians. Only complain would be that's the place itself may look a little unclean. A little dusting, once in awhile, wouldn't be too much asking, especially that it's a coffee place. Last time I went, that was my feeling of it.
4	Excellent utterly inexpensive veggie comfort food, order and pay at the counter and the staff will come find you when your eats are ready. Free wifi, low stress place to sit quietly and work, and the walls are a constantly evolving art assemblage great for inspiration. The backroom is one of the few free venues for artists in town, and the bookings are well curated so the shows are generally excellent if you're interested in seeing what local musicians are working on before they bring them to bigger stages. Shows here are usually well under 10$, the stage is small, the back fits about 50 comfortably but is sometimes squooshed with 100+ and there is no AC so in the summer it gets bleary hazy hot which can make the gorgeous folky indie sound experiments on stage all the more hypnotic. Or not, depending on your taste.
5	I love this place. It's got delicious veg and vegan food and treats. Great chai lattes. Fun furniture. Booze. Free WiFi. It's a great place for doing some study or reading a book as well.I haven't been to any of the shows yet, but they have live music in the back all the time.
5	If the feelings I have toward the fine city of Montreal were to be epitomized by one place, Cagibi would be it. Cozy, friendly, serving of both coffee and wine -- this is the best work spot, the best meeting spot, the best, no-fail joint to bring just about anyone for any reason. This is what I imagine my home might look like if I decided to open it up to hip mile-end students and artists, musicians and poets, lovers and writers. Books lining the walls, chairs worn to a familiar shape, blackboards that aren't purposefully placed "just so" but are rather "just so" because they are. Spend an afternoon, enjoy an evening, come back again and again. Live music, comfort food, essential Montreal.
2	Cagibi is SO over-rated.OK I love the look of the place (they get 2 stars for that), I like how it's all cosy, it makes me feel at home (which is like 2 meters away...)  But there's nothing special about their menu. If at least the coffee was good I would totally join the local hipsters with my mac book pro. But yeah, no. Nothing special about the food too, there are better vegetarian food in the neighborhood. And I find it expensive for what it is.So hey what's the point?
2	The food is good value and affordable and healthy but after finding a hair in my food last night I don't think I will be eating there again.The staff can be nice depending on who you get.
5	This happens to be THE BEST VEGETARIAN RESTAURANT I have ever been to. I was expecting average and got amazing. I ordered the special of the day; a good sized sandwich on baguette with cheese, some amazing vegetarian pate and shredded beat. Really now, if I could eat like this all the time, my struggle to become vegetarian would become a delight.On the side, I had an ample serving of delicious tofu and broccoli salad. I don't know how they grilled the tofu to give it such amazing flavour, but dang it was hearty and tasty!All this for amazing $6 with tax. The place itself is very relaxed, definite hipster vibe but in an inviting way. We easily found a table towards the back where its more quiet (sorry for disrupting it with our chatting).
3	What a WEIRD experience this place was. We went here to see a concert and wanted to grab a couple of drinks. Well you can't drink unless you buy food. And each person has to buy food at least once. And the food can't be a dessert. HUH? The food was GREAT. Really liked the taco and the potato salad. Asked what was in the salad and the girl said she'd find out and never saw her again. Glad I had cash because no credit cards accepted here. Everyone working here seemed spaced out and kind of weird. I asked the guy "parlez vous anglais" and he snapped "yes of course". Of course nothing because there are plenty of places in Quebec I've had to subject innocent people to my horrible French and I lived. Later when we asked for the wifi password he just shrugged and said "I don't use computers so I don't know what to say. Good luck!"  Uhm ok...Pros: Excellent foodCons: Indifferent staff, no wifi, cash only
4	I happened in here on a friends recommendation and boy was I not let down. It makes me feel like I am back in Williamsburg Brooklyn. With an extensive vegan menu,  you have much to choose from with out your inner carnivore hating you. I had the grilled cheese with pesto and the rumble! Both very light dishes (my friend and I split both) and did not leave you feeling hungry. Do avoid the chai tea...I will definitely return here on my next trip to Montreal.
4	Le Cagibi transports you back to the 70's or 80's with its super vintage atmosphere. Everything from the posters to the tables to the coffee cups are vintage, seemingly collected over the years by a sweet and loving granny who can still see soul and beauty in the simplicity. Perfect place to just do nothing and hang out. Love the staff here, super cool. Friendly and pretty, what more can you ask for?The missing star is for the coffee. The coffee could use a little improvement, compared to the gazillions of amazing coffee shops in Montreal. The espresso in the latte could be more flavourful, and the latte itself could be just a tad bit less hot.
4	I moved to the Mile End in 2009, and was looking for a spot where I could eat good muffins and write. A good muffin is hard to come by, especially a healthy one, but the ones at Le Cagibi are the best I've ever had in my life. Their not cakey and a bit more healthy than the run of the mill kind you'll get at generic places such as Tim Hortons. They are vegan (i.e. no dairy or eggs) and they change everyday. They'll be strawberry chocolate one day or pineapple coconut the next. Not feeling it? Don't worry. They have an all vegetarian menu (they can veganize most things), they offer comfort foods and tasty sandwiches made fresh. They always have a soup of the day.I've tried almost everything on their menu (I'm a big fan) and would say their burritos are some of the best in the city. They tend to remix it everyday. I once asked to skip the eggs on their breakfast burrito and they added sweet potato (winning!). Their Morning Rumble is pretty amazing as well, and I'm never disappointed in their quesadillas. They also have great chilli. Open late, they also serve up tasty eats late into the night. Sometimes they host bands (I've never been) which I'm sure can be a good time. They do have a liquor license but you need to eat in order to drink.The atmosphere is really chill, some get put off by their mismatching chairs and tables  but it adds to the charm. The staff is friendly and assertive. Needless to say, you won't be disappointed.
5	Fabulous casual spot for sandwiches and salads and beers and coffees. Great music plays on the radio and the staff is really friendly. Free Wifi. I just discovered the place and have been back a few times already.
4	Great place if you want some healthy and affordable vegetarian food. I always get the chili when I'm there. Mmm and they make pretty great brownies, too!
3	Decent place, understandably busy on a Saturday night but patient with hungry customers. Vegetarian yet satisfying menu, and reasonable prices.
4	Went here once for some cider, a $1 taco and to watch a show. Pretty cool joint. Same idea as Casa, but there's wifi so you get the Macbook crowd, and also it's a bit pricier so it leans more towards yuppiedom rather than hipsterdom, if that makes sense. Cool place. I'd go to Cagibi if I wanted a quieter version of what's offered at Casa, basically.
4	Another mile-end institution. This place was called Cafe Esperenza and before that it used to be  a pharmacy (some remnants of the pharmacy decor lingers if you notice carefully)I am huge fan of their vege chilli's, I am not vegetarian per se but i do like good food and that chilli is hella good!No bar license means you have to buy food, though it also doubles as a venue, so not sure how them logistics work! Tried their rice and beans bowl and that too has won me over. Wasnt so sure about the Taco (a single taco) but eye of the beholder right?Not sure if its a new feature but their brunch menu has eggs, dont remember seeing that on previous visits.
4	cool ambiance, good food, and they don't charge extra for soy.
4	Old fashioned place. Somehow it's an interesting combination of a bar and a coffee shop. Has coffee, tea and alcohol as well as breakfast and dinner plates. It's a cool place to stop by if you're going for a walk in the neighbourhood.
4	The food here is stellar & the staff are about as laid-back as you can get...they're not here to kiss anyone's ass and they really don't seem to care what anyone does including tip. There is an off-the-beaten-path bohemian feel to Cagibi. You can go here and watch movies on the wknd, play Jenga or hang w/ a friend & the music is always really good..sometimes there are shows and even old-school porn movies in the back room! It's the kind of place you can wander into & not feel pressure to drop 5 bucks on some hard-to-pronounce caffeinated concoction whipped-up by someone with floppy hair and cooler tattoos than you. They haven't obtained a bar license so even though they've got bands n whatnot you can't just order beer w/out food. Kind of inconvenient when you've already eaten & just want a bevvy on it's own. That being said it's still a good destination.
3	its like stepping into an attic and there's a ghost (not casper) waiting to greet you..while the decor is awesome, the place feels dead! there's literally no life/soul with everyone on their laptop typing away and those who are eating with friends are making their best mime impression. you could hear crickets!anyway, i was here to continue my coffee passport and got a hot chocolate as i wasn't in the mood for coffee. the hot chocolate is actually unsweetened hot chocolate which is the 2nd time i encounter such offering. as for taste, after having tried the awesomely hot chocolate, shot version at some other place, everything else is simply underwhelming.i didn't try the food as i just ate and the place was full packed so where does one sit in this coldish weather?place is pretty popular but its not my kind of place
5	First time at this place, and a really great experience. People here are really friendly, the food is great and the price is really good (4.25$ for a soup and 14$ a pichet of cider). If you are lucky, you will stumble upon on a show.
5	Opens till late. Best place if you want to escape the cold on a very chilly winter night. Free WiFi.
