4	I never knew what this store was, but I ventured in the other day and I am sad I went all these years with out going in!Kirkland is a home decor store with fun and classy  decor at really great prices. When I went they were having a huge sale, and I couldn't believe all the awesome stuff they had for so cheap! The store isn't very big and their main focus seems to be stuff to put on walls. Pictures, frames, large clocks, and mirrors. They also had a lot of candles, fake plants, garden accessories. I know it sounds kind of boring but I found a lot of unique things which I have seen only there!
5	Wowzer! This place is utterly awesome! For a bargain hunter like myself, this place is like finding the Holy Grail at a garage sale. They have outstanding deals on all sorts of home decor items -- lamps, artwork,  pillows and various other knick-knacks to make your home look fabulous. If you are looking for unique but tasteful, inexpensive but not tacky home decor this IS the place to go!
4	Met the girls for drinks this weekend and we decided to brave the 115 degree heat to throw in some shopping. It could have been the heat, it could have been the excessive number of beers, but damn this place was way cool. The minute we walked in, it was clear that we had happened upon a shopper's sale nirvana!To start with, there was a little table set up by the front door loaded with lemonade and cookies for those looking for someplace to escape the heat. But then as your eye wandered around your attention was quickly pulled into every direction by "sales" signs. The girls and I did a once around the entire store, scoping out every nook and cranny, making mental note of what we wanted to pick up. This store is crammed full of the comfy home-touch stuff. From candles, sconces, vases, art, furniture, to kitchen foo-foos... you name it. Now granted some of it was a little kitchy for my taste, but the prices were rock bottom. And several of the girls were muttering about the perfect place to stock up that gift closest.The staff was friendly and helpful. They offered to take items up to the register so they didn't have to be hauled around and even offered to check in the back to look for additional items.If you are looking for a cool place to browse during the hot summer months head on up to Desert Ridge's Kirklands and spend a little coin.
5	Like another reviewer all ready mentioned this store isn't very big. But it is crammed full of stuff for your home. Prices are pretty darn cheap on most of the stuff. Most of the items tend to run on the 'dark' side of the color spectrum I noticed. If you're looking for brightly colored stuff I don't think you'll find much. It's mostly dark browns, ambers, and dark heavy wood orientated. That being mentioned I did buy a cool table-top votive candle garden, a great looking potpourri jar, a nightlight, and a new rug for my doorway.Make sure to look at every display and every corner. It is small....but there really is a lot to look at. And prices can't be beat either.
5	I heard about this store when I moved here and after going to a few different stores looking for items to furnish my living space I went here. They have some amazing decorating pieces and their prices are pretty great. They are right next to Pier 1 and if you are a bargain shopper, this store surpasses Pier 1 by far! If you are on their email list you get coupons all the time. They always get new things in the store... so its always great to just walk in and see what they have. Here and Marshalls Home Goods are the only 2 stores I have purchased anything from thus far.
5	Place is always smelling good, always organized and reasonable prices for what the items quality and looks are. Would definitely come here for redecorating a house or a room! Customer service is fast and all of the employees know what they're talking about whenever you ask them something.
5	I always enjoyed shopping and browsing at the Kirkland's stores back in the northeast. And so I was delighted to find this one here in Phoenix when I was looking around to shop for stuff for the new apartment I moved in. This store has the same high quality merchandise, good prices, and friendly staff that I had become familiar with years ago back in the east coast. And now that he holiday season is approaching as I write this, I'm glad I now have a great place to go to for holiday decor and gifts.
3	This use to be one of my favorite go to store for home decor but then along came some more stores and looking back I am not sure what I sAw here the quality is terrible. The prices are ok so I guess if you don't mind pieces that aren't going to lady very long and have your homes decor in Tuscan/ old world than this is a good shop for you
