5	We used Arizona Catering for our wedding reception. They are the exclusive food and beverage caterer for the venue where we held our reception, so we didn't really have a choice as far as caterers went. I worked with Lori mostly over email and she was great! I also called there office many times and everyone who answered the phone was very friendly and polite. I have to admit, we went to a tasting prior to our event and have to admit the food served was "okay". Most of the food was cold, and my fiance and I walked away with the idea that the food at our wedding was going to suck. Boy were we surprised! The food was delicious! We chose a spinach salad with strawberries, mushrooms, grilled red onions, candied pecans, and honey poppy seed dressing which was phenomenal. We also had the chicken sauvignon, garlic whipped potatoes, fresh steamed green beans with roasted red pepper strips, and honey glazed carrots. Everything was cooked to perfection. The staff was friendly, but not in the way. The bartender was great at making suggestions (and drinks). The cocktails were strong and they accommodated our special requests. Thank you Arizona Catering for making the food and drinks at our wedding memorable!
5	Arizona Catering was our caterer of choice for our reception at Portico Weddings.  Portico recommends we use one of their two caterers, but it isn't mandatory.  We tried both of them, and Arizona Catering won us over with their hospitable tasting event right at Portico and individual conversations with couples who were there sampling the menu.  I loved the tasting nights... everything we tried was fantastic.We ended up with the same spinach, strawberry, poppyseed salad that Heather described in her review, and I concur that it was phenomenal.  We had rosemary chicken that was so tender it could have been cut with a spoon.  The garlic mashed potatoes and Hawaiian sweet rolls topped it all off.  It was so good. I wish I hadn't been such a nervous bride, unable to eat much!  Everyone I talked to commented on how good the food was, and I heard several times it was the best wedding food some had ever had.  I have zero frame of reference on that, but it was awesome.  The servers kept things moving and were very friendly.  They cut and served our cake, and got the tables cleared in a timely manner.  I'm so happy with the whole thing, and really glad we chose Arizona Catering!
5	I hired Arizona Catering to our joint Birthday party this past weekend.  My husband and I are beyond thrilled!!!  I cannot recommend these folks enough, they went above and beyond, matching their buffet to our 50's diner decor.  Everyone raved about the food and Lori was a dream to work with. the whole event was planned in a few emails.    I cannot stress how wonderful these folks are!!!
