4	Great atmosphere, wine, and service.  Just please add some bottles of wine under $30, everyone else does!
4	Liked the kobe sliders. Liked the kobe salad. Liked the cheese plate.Pass on the chocolate lava cake.Everything was reasonably priced. This place is a dimly lit little place sandwiched next to a Noodles and Co. Despite this, there was a great atmosphere, and hot bartender. I do wish they had more dessert wine options.
4	I was Ill prepared for the lavish world that I was stepping into. I was under dressed and was expecting something rustic (why, I dunno). Whilst the building in which the Wine Loft is housed is fairly new and modern, it gives zero indication of the chic ambiance lurking inside. I seriously had a "woah" moment upon entering. Rich, dark, masculine undertones are complimented with black contemporary furniture. Dimly lit lights make for an intimate and romantic environment to either impress that hot date or vibe with the music with a nice glass of wine. Low key, mature and just plain sexy.
4	YEAH for the Wine Loft - I really like this place. Tuesday night half price bottles, Wednesday nights is ladies night $5 Martinis. This place has been on my radar for awhile now I'm"m glad i finally made the decision to walk in my restaurant.com gift card was a good incentive as well. I stopped in with two of my girlfriends for dinner and of course wine they bartenders have a heavy hand which always make me happy the more wine the better and the food was great we shared three plates and had plenty of food left. Mushroom toasts were so yummy. All the bartenders were extremely friendly and helpful. I will be returning soon.
4	If you want to feel swanky and sophisticated, this is the place to go!  I've been here about 4 times with various friends, and last night, I went there for a happy hour with a young professionals group.The atmosphere is definitely the reason to come here vs. other wine bars.  It is chic, it is sophisticated, it all feels so very worldly and I feel like a globe-trotting fashionista (no matter what I'm wearing) whenever I come here.They have very good apps as well.  I came here one time with my BFF after going to see a play, and we had the Filet Mignon Salad and the Artisan Cheese Selection.  Both were served to us on a piece of slate tile with big chunks of sea salt randomly decorating the edges - very cool presentation!  And the food was good too!The downside is that the parking can be rather limited.  There is a lot in the back of the building, but it has maybe 20-30 spaces and its for Five Guys and The Wine Loft.  If you come here on a weekend night or a Thursday night, it's really difficult to find a space.  But, hey, it's in Dilworth.  It's hard to find parking at most places in Dilworth.
3	Chic and modern decor, with a worldly and dark vibe that is a perfect nook for some low profile gatherings for either couples or slightly larger parties.  Sadly, though, this place strays from greatness with their rather limited wine selection and a minimal, safe food selection.I stopped in last weekend with the wife and another couple friend for the specific purpose of having some good wine and conversation.  We grabbed a nice corner of couches that was perfect for the purpose of the evening.  The lighting was pretty dark, save for the lit candle centerpieces on the tables.  Candles should make a serious comeback- perfect mood lighting that gets lost with larger scale dining rooms.  Points to Wine Loft for this.However, irony starts to set in when you go to look at the wine list offered by "Wine Loft."  All the basics are covered here: chard, zin, cab, and sparkling, but the options are all safe plays- well-known brands find their way onto and all over the menu.  Nothing exciting, nothing new and tempting.  On top of that, I brought a couple bottles of my own wine and asked if they could open and pour with an appropriate corkage fee- common at most restaurants.  No dice!  The server said they flat out don't allow outside bottles into Wine Loft.  I get it- they want to see you buy their stuff, but you can kiss the die-hard wine community buh-bye with this policy.  The other thing I questioned is their price by the glass vs. price by the bottle option.  Basically, all their wines are served by the glass and if you want a bottle just multiply that price x4.  That's the usual number of glasses one should get from a bottle, but that just reinforces the idea that all the wine choices here are safe bets- nothing special.  Nothing rare or interesting enough you would only sell it by the bottle (and command the typical premium for this).  This misses the mark in a wine bar that otherwise is designed for and has the execution to attract an upper end of the market.We did have a couple artisan cheese plates, which were served with a decent portion of 3 different cheese and a number of crackers, fruit slices, and some almonds.  No problem here, but again, the cheese selections were all safe and borderline "artisan."  There was a gorgonzola, a brie, and two others that obviously didn't register enough with me.  No options to craft your own mix of cheeses, no note of who actually made those cheeses or where they come from.  Yep, nice and safe again.There are a handful of other appetizer-type choices on the menu and a couple desserts.  I can't speak to those other than to say that I'd not try to make dinner out of them.  All starters or finishers, at best.I'd go back just for the ambiance this place exudes, but I'd definitely plan to eat elsewhere and I'd not go here again with the idea to really drink some serious wine.  Maybe this is a good place to meet up, have a first drink, and then head out elsewhere?  That's the most you'll get from me when you stick to playing it safe.
2	This is a good place for a first date or after-work drinks.The space is quite small, but has a nice ambiance.  Pop/techno music was playing.  There is bar seating and banquette seating plus one bar-height 4-top table.Food was mediocre and overpriced for what you get.Wine-by-the-glass list was very small for a "wine loft".  Nor did they have food/wine paring suggestions as you may expect from a place focusing on wine.  You'd be better off at Georges Brasserie, which has an extensive by-the-glass selection.
2	I had been wanting to try this place for at least a year, but I finally got around to it this week at I was very disappointed by my experience.  I had not been to a wine bar in Charlotte before, but have lived in Nashville and Orlando where there are numerous wine bars.  I am used to wine bars that offer a staff that is passionate about wine, wine flights or tasting options, a wine selection that I can't find anywhere else, and wine pairings with the food menu.  The Wine Loft did not offer any of this.  I enjoyed the ambiance of the place.  When I first walked in, I was impressed with the modern and cutting edge decor.  It looked like it belonged in Manhattan.  We wanted to get some dinner and wine, so we sat at the bar. The setting set my expectations high for my experience, or at least comprable to other Wine Bars I enjoyed.  The other seating arrangements are couches with coffee tables,designed to enjoy light appetizers and wine. The server greeted us with a disappointing menu tour.  I hoped she would recommend wines and food options, as well as pairings.  Instead she just told us that if we wanted to buy wine by the bottle, to multiply the price by 4 and that the $5 Martini's on special cannot be used with any coupons.  I first looked at the food menu to determine what I would want to eat and then pair it with a wine. Prior to coming, I had looked at the menu online and saw quite a few items that would make for a good dinner, but the menu presented was different and offered only two entree type meals.  In addition, the food was between $12-$18.  I assumed that since the food was in that price range, that I would get either a descent portion size or be blown out of the water with the culinary art of the dish.  Also, if the current menu was posted online, I would have suggested to my date that we go there for drinks and share an appetizer before going somewhere else for dinner.  In addition, their website said advertised a Wine Down Wednesday where there would be wine sampling/tasting from 6-8.  This was not the case.  They had $5 Martini's that could only be used if you were not using a discount or restaurant,com gift card.  We placed our order, and I ordered the pumpkin ravioli (was not on their menu online, plus that is more of a fall dish but I was excited to see it in February) and my date ordered the mediterranean plate (also not on the menu online).  I told the server I was not sure what wine I wanted, hoping she would offer a good pairing for the pumpkin ravioli.  Instead she said okay and didn't return for 5 minutes.  I ordered at Pinor Noir from Chile and my date ordered a domestic beer, even though he wanted to do the $5 Martini's.  They would have made more from us since he ordered a $2 or $3 beer and we would have ordered more than one martini.  When we received our food, the portions were small and the ravioli was comparable to store bought.  In addition, our food came out rather quickly, leading me to believe that  the labor going into our food was pre-prepared and cooked in a turbo chef.   I felt that my four ravioli's soaked in olive oil  for $15 was way overpriced.  I ended up sharing some of my dates food, which was pretty good but still portions were small.Our bill came to $42, before tip.  I had purchased a restaurant.com gift card and used that to pay for the first $25.  I was glad to have had the card, because I was very unhappy with a high bill and such low quality food and mediocre service.  Our final bill came out to be $25.  I would recommend this place if you are looking for a modern, relaxing atmosphere.  If you are a wine-o, don't come in with high expectations.  For those who are average wine drinkers, the prices are good for the wine, but you might want to skip the food. For me to give this a higher ranking, the food should match the food prices (whether in quality or portions), the staff needs to be knowledgable and friendly, and the wine offerings should be unique.
3	The original plan was to have a glass of (overpriced) wine.  I know alcohol is marked up, but with all the great places to buy a bottle (World Market, Total Wine, etc.) I find it hard to justify spending such a huge chunk of cash on a glass of wine.  Plus I definitely saw a bottle going for $8 a glass that you can buy at Trader Joe's for $3.99.  Anyway......unexpectedly there's a cocktail menu, and Wednesdays happen to be $5 cocktail nights (one menu said Ladies' Night, but fortunately for me it was for everyone).  I had this vodka/champagne/orange juice combo which definitely hit the spot.  After two cocktails I was set for the evening.  Pretty good deal!The food menu isn't that appealing or diverse and though I haven't ordered anything off of it, I probably wouldn't.  Due to the size of this place they should revamp the menu and keep it to appetizers or introduce a more tapas feel.Other than that, the space is cool - somewhat limited seating due to its size, the staff is friendly, and I'd probably go again just for the drink specials.
4	Well color me impressed! I didn't really have super high expectations for Wine Loft, but I left quite happy and full of prosecco goodness.The interior of Wine Loft is dark, shiny and kind of sex-ay. You'll find a nice lounging area to the right as you walk in and a nice variety of tables and couches throughout the rest of this cozy wine bar. Service was solid and our bartender was friendly and on top of our drink orders. The menu offers a nice variety of affordable wines by the glass and bottle, a  nice martini list and an array of small bites that looked pretty tasty. Our group sipped on a bottle of Perfecto Prosecco ($36) and enjoyed the low key ambiance with plenty of shiny tiles overhead and glowing candles. For a low key glass of vino, definitely check out Wine Loft!
3	Hmmm. It seems to embody a trendy wine bar, but with a "almost-clubby" feel. From the modern decor on the walls, lighting, and seating to the Medieval knight in one corner and a tv in the other corner, the ambiance was such a curious thing! I wouldn't expect a club in that business strip (especially without a dance floor), but at some level it seemed to cater in that direction. With the intimate lighting and space, I imagine jazz music to fit better with the ambiance. The servers were friendly. The cheese plate was plentiful and delicious! They have a good selection of wines. All-in-all a nice stop for starting a night out. They have a patio facing South Boulevard with about 4 tables (they seem to go quickly). Indoors offers a raised seating area (and can be reserved) and then a few lounge seating areas on the side besides sitting at the bar.
4	I've been here twice. The atmosphere is intimate and sleek. I loved it. It's a great place for a drink after work. You have your choice of sofa, tables and chairs or barstools. The sofa seating can be intimate for a romantic evening out or the tables & chairs make for a great place to hang out with friends. There is even outdoor seating on a beautiful night.  The wine menu is pretty good. The prices had a nice range so the choices are there. I had the pizza and while delicious when the owner made it was a little disappointed when the chef made it. The consistency wasn't there. I'd like to go again soon with the girls. This is a great girls night out kind of place.
4	Sweet... this place surprised me on the inside.  From the outside, it looks like an un-assuming little place next to the Lowe's and Five Guys, but it does have a cool vibe to it once you go in.Stopped by on a Saturday night and it was pretty busy, there were a couple of groups eating dinner(?).   The reason for the question mark is that their plates were wiped clean of food... I guess that means it was good.Our group of friends was large enough to occupy the "reserved" area in the front that steps up.  It was nice just lounging and enjoying a couple of bottles of wine.  After the sun went down, the place got pretty dim inside and really reminded me of something you would see in Vegas.  The bathrooms are super clean (also dark)... I don't recall seeing a black toilet with so much water pressure in my life - also could have been the wine, but still.Definitely have to come back and sample more bottles.
3	Fine, not great. Probably a better deal if you go on a Tuesday (half price bottles) or Wednesday (drink special). Sadly, I was there on a Thursday night. The service was good, but the food prices were way too expensive (cheapest thing was $10 for a bruschetta-no thanks!) The space itself was dark and fairly loud with not a ton of seating, but my group (5 women) made it work. The scene there seemed to be a lot of 20-something girls and old dudes trying to buy them drinks. Not super interested in coming back, but I wouldn't refuse to go either.
3	Just OK, nothing remarkable. Contemporary decor creates a trendy look. Wine prices are on the high side. First try at ordering a bottle of wine was met with an apologetic "we ran out". Had a nice Washington Riesling for $40. Antipasto platter was worth the $15. Service was friendly, piped in music could be a tad lower.You should try this place to decide for yourself.
3	I tried it and once again wasn't disappointed although this time I noticed something I didn't the first time. I did a girls night out with my neighbor who didn't have the best time the first time she came here but I assured her that it really was a nice place to go and relax with a great glass of vino fino! Well she agreed to go and we both had a great time catching up in this laid back and relaxing atmosphere. There are plenty of outdoor seats and indoor tables and chairs but we hung out on one of the comfy sofas. We had a great time catching up but I noticed something I hadn't before on my earlier trips. When I got home I sat down to check my emails before changing clothes and soon I noticed that I reeked of the smell of grease. I had to immediately put all my clothes in the washer. I had noticed when I was there that I was stuffed up and thought it was allergies. Now I know it was the air in the place. Although not noticed when there, the place needs a good airing out or a filter change. I love this place and will gladly return but hope that next time I will be able to breathe again.
3	The Wine Loft should be the sort of joint my wife and I would embrace - we love wine, and cheese, and tapas... and wine. Did I mention wine? So, why the 3-star review?  Good question. Two reasons:1. The prices at the Wine Loft are plenty jacked up, for the food and, yes, the wine. It is mostly off-labels I don't recognize and it's hard to walk out of there without dropping some serious cheese... errr... cash.2. The heavily-accented barflies -- lots of opinions here, and loud, and opinionated, and loudly opinioned... "Hey, want me to tell you what to buy?" the guy next to me asks. "Nah, we're good, thanks pal." "But wait, are you sure, I know my wine, and I know the owner, and yada yada yada..." I could do without that. And its been that way each of the three times we've visited. Different guy each time, too.In the end, its decent, and we continue to go back and drop $80 on a bottle of wine and cheese and crackers. I guess that earns me 2-stars for decision making??
4	Not bad for a 'franchise' wine bar - patio is cool but overlooking south blvd is not ideal. Staff is attentive and good selection. Nice change of pace for Charlotte from the typical 'bar.'
2	We have visited this place in the past and really enjoyed it. We have brought our out of town business visitors there because of the unusual, eclectic decor. We enjoyed the food so much in the past it makes me sorry to write this review. I believe some of the photos on yelp are from one of our happier visits.Although we find the wines a bit pricey, we have always enjoyed the funky club atmosphere.  We returned last night for a pre-anniversary stop for wine and apps. Unfortunately, our experience was so bad, I doubt we'll be back. Our food came out so undercooked, I'd bet one of the dishes never made it to the oven. The cheese wasn't  melted and the mushrooms were cold. The other app was just so so. it's hard to believe the bartender would even serve something that clearly didn't look cooked.To make matters worse, we feel sure either an owner or manager was sitting opposite us at the bar working on a laptop. it may be helpful for him to walk around and meet his clientele, ask how everything is/was. The worst turnoff was the restrooms, both of them were so filthy we almost lost our desire to dine there. it seems that a place as nice as the Wine Loft with wine priced at $70 and up per bottle can do better.
1	If there was a lesser rating than 1*, this place deserves it. It was the second trrip for one couple and a third for another.  None of us will go back again. And probably even with this review, management/ownership will not care. From previous trips and present, the owner has favorites that he caters to and only cares about. The two servers/bartenders were working, although slowly, to wait tables and tend bar and the manager/owner stood around on his phone emailing or texting, oblivious to any other needs except those he deemed worthy. We had four people with two bottles of wine and he never acknowledged us at all.Even with an un-crowded night, we waited at least 20 minutes for our drink orders to be taken. A party of 12 came in after us and was being served before our drink orders were even taken. From top to bottom, this place needs some education in customer service.
3	So nice to have a little wine spot in the neighborhood.  Unassuming but a nice place.  We had the meat/cheese plate and a nice little bottle of wine.  Little pricey but if you want something different than a bottle at home, this is a good alternative.
4	One of my girlfriends was having a bad day so we gathered some friends and came to Wine Loft. The exterior seems very casual and low-key as it is located in between Five Guys and Nothing, but Noodles. The interior on the other-hand is much more elegant and upscale. The space is fairly small, but I love the intimate setting. We had a small group and were able to snag the comfy couches! The wine bottles are pretty expensive, but it was half price bottles that night (They have different specials throughout the week). I must warn you that the wine bottles are pretty expensive and are probably not worth the original price tag. You're basically paying for the setting, but we definitely had a good time! I recommend this place after a long day/week. Very relaxed with a touch of class (heyy that sorta rhymed!).
4	Good  service. Pretty good specials ( $5 Martinis on Wednesday, $5 House wine on Sundays). Nice dark decor. Cute patio. Only lounge in the Southend area.
3	Popped in for a bit and some vino on date night recently and instantly impressed with the decor first and foremost.  Very trendy and chic place with nice seating like love seats and leather sofas so that you can really unwind.  I love that.The service was as ok.  I probably would have been blown away if the service was able to keep up.  I think it was just a night they were short handed, maybe from an employee not showing up.  The owner was there and even pitched in to keep things moving, so that was impressive.I'll be back for sure and give this place another solid shot and impressing me a little more and if the weather is good give the patio a test drive.
3	I went with a friend recently and had no expectations one way or the other upon arrival. I knew - literally - nothing about the place. We gave the menu on the window a once-over before entering and the manager came out to invite us in - I like that kind of hospitality.The interior is dark with lushly-upholstered lounges, dark wood, wrought iron, and sliver and gold accents. It has a very alluring, adult appeal that a lot of places shoot for and miss completely. It was on the crowded side so we pulled up a few stools at the bar.They have a fairly large wine list, priced like you would expect to find in a by-the-glass establishment. The expected is there, as well as a few hidden gems if you look hard. The beer assortment is thin, just enough to satisfy the beer drinker, and they also have a cocktail list. The mixed drinks are prepared fairly well and were nicely balanced. Wine pours were not on the skimpy side, either.It seemed, though, that the entire staff that night was hired based on being young, fit and blonde than on knowing anything about wine. These ladies were incredibly kind and hard working- don't get me wrong. I just question the owner's motives behind that decision and the kind of crowd he hopes to attract.
5	My wife and I went here before hitting the town with some friends the other night. We had some time to kill before meeting with out friends so looked up a wine bar and was brought to this place. We must admit that were were thoroughly impressed. My wife and I did not have any of the food here, but we did think it looked quite nice from what we saw of it, but we did experience the service and the wine.First off, there is one down side to this place potentially, the parking. We did not have any issues finding a spot, but the parking does seem like it is very little considering that they share a lot with at least 2 other restaurants. When we first arrived we were pleasantly greeted by the bartenders that were there. We loved the atmosphere as we came in. The place has lots of couch seating and was very romantically lite. The wife and I started to look for a place to sit because the place was quite crowded, however, one of the bar tenders approached us and asked if we would like to sit at the bar and made room for us to site there. We were then handed menus. After looking at the menu, both my wife and I ordered glasses of wine, she the Tempranillo wine and I the Coastal Vines Cabernet. When the bartender delivered our wines we were both also provided with a glass of water which was quite pleasant since my wife and I like to try each other wines when we get different ones. After we tried each others we both liked our wines but decided that I had selected the superior wine. I high recommend the Coastal Vines now. Through our evening there the service was prompt and we really enjoyed our time at the Wine Loft. I highly suggest it to anyone that loves good wine and great atmosphere.
3	Place - nice ambiance, good music to vibe to. Upbeat and a mix of pop mixed house music.Drinks - majorly expensive :( Shots $10, glass of wines $10-11 (but I guess that is normal?)Service - decent and nice.Went for a friends bday bash, it was great with group of people there. Just too darn expensive, my pocketbook hurt that night. Would I go back, meh. There are other hot spots that are much more affordable and better.
4	This spot is super sexy! Great for 30 somethings! Those who want a chill place to have a few drinks, and still be able to have a conversation. My absolute favorite bartender works there now too! His name is Chris! *tell him I sent ya ;) * The food is pretty good too! I had the Steak Gyro, which was quite tasty! My friend had the pumpkin ravioli, which was good...we just didn't need a whole bowl of it. But we enjoyed the evening tremendously! I'll definitely be back in soon! Hopefully on a date! LOL ;)
5	I love the atmosphere. It's great for date night. My boyfriend and I love coming here. We have even gone on double dates here. This is our favorite wine bar so far in charlotte.
5	Nice atmosphere. Great wine selection. Friendly staff.
4	I visited this location on May 24, 2013 with my friend on a bon voyage night.  The food was good.  The drinks were just right; its very rare you go to a place and the drinks are not water down.  I was happy with the fact I recieved a real drink.  Atmosphere is good.  The one thing I would change is more space.  Overall we plan to go back.
1	So sad.I flew into CLT and went out of my way to give this place a try. I found my way to the parking lot at  just 10:30. (it's easy to miss the place - next to 5 Guys) I simply wanted to grab a glass of wine and a snack and check place out. Upon seeing me pull in, and while I was headed to the door, someone inside walked up and locked it. Thinking I was mistaken or that the hours on yelp were wrong, I called the place only to get the automated message... confirming that they are opened until 11:00 on Sundays.  I was quite disappointed, after navigating through the city to find this place, to be brushed off. Boo....
3	Did afterwork drinks with some friends at WL on a Friday night. It was surprisingly luxurious inside and had a large outdoor seating area as well. I had a couple glasses of sauvignon blanc, a mixed drink and shrimp cocktail which were all just ok. Some folks in my group had the gyro, which they seemed to enjoy. It did appear a little understaffed for a Friday night so service was a little tardy for the party at times. But overall I'd say WL is AOK and probably one of the better date spot options in the area.
5	My husband and I came here on a Saturday evening.  It was over Labor Day weekend so we had the place to ourselves. I started with a glass of moscato and he had a glass of Reisling.  Both were pretty tasty.  We chose the antipasto board which came with 3 kinds of meats and 2 types of cheese, the pumpkin ravioli and the Authentic Hummus Platter.  It was more than enough food but it was all delicious.  Since this was our first time visiting Charlotte, I went to Restaurant.com and picked up a gift certificate for the restaurant.  I'm so glad I picked this restaurant.  The bartenders were friendly and filled us in on the local scenes which was really helpful.  The atmosphere is sexy.  The music and lighting just makes the place.  When we come back for another visit we will definitely be coming back to the Wine Loft!
5	Great atmosphere,  great drinks. The food is pretty good too. A bit on the pricy side,  so if you're pulling an all nighter I wouldn't stay there long. But it's a great starting point.
4	Great variety of wine, albeit quite pricey.  The baked brie with honey was fantastic and a good appetizer to share between 4 people.  Good service with a slightly romantic atmosphere.
5	Amazing atmosphere. Ask for the roasted almonds to compliment the wine. Highly recommend. The bartender had excellent recommendations for the wine selection and the owner treated me like a long lost friend. If you are stopping through Charlotte or have lived here a while, stop in for a good time at The Wine Loft.
4	Great atmosphere me and my boyfriend comes here every now and then..love their music, and it just so comfortable to have a glass of wine at the end of day... and sitting outside enjoying sunset in summer time.. perfect place for small party too!!!
4	Seating is comfortable and lounge style.  The wine list is OK, not many high end wines, but still a good selection for most people. I enjoyed the steak salad and the antipasto board for sharing between two people. Service was great. Nice date night.
5	Decent wine selection, the food is amazing, fantastic atmosphere.   Perfect date spot!Sunday and Monday's are Bottle of Wine, Appetizer and Dessert for I believe 40 bucks.Wednesday's are $5.00 Martinis.Highly recommend!  No complaints whatsoever!
4	Because I live way out in the 'burbs in the Ballantyne area,  I don't get out to SouthEnd or Uptown very often to check out the night-life.  So for my b-day celebration, when I actually had a DD for the evening, I was excited to have an excuse to check out the Wine Loft for the first time. We met some friends there after dinner.  I don't recall what time we arrived, but the place was pretty packed.  Our friends had us on the list for table, so for the first 45 mins or an hour, we hung out around the bar area. The servers & bartenders were super-friendly and very helpful.   They hustled all night to make sure everyone had beverages.  I felt they really went out of their way to make sure we felt welcomed and valued as guests.  Also, they were good sports for taking pics of our group when we asked.  After we finally got our table, someone in our group decided to place an order for appetizers. They got 2 or 3 spreads (hummus and some sort of cheese spread along with olives) and pita.  I tasted it and thought the quality & flavor was very good. We had a lot of different beverages in our group - with some drinking beer,   some drinking wine, and a couple of shots even. I had a Baby Guinness and thought that it was a generous shot.  The servers were very helpful in making wine suggestions if you saw something on the menu that you weren't sure about.  While the selection of beer & wine was not the most extensive in town, there should be something to please everyone here.  While they may not have the most unique or exotic wine-list, they had some decent selections.Based on my experience here, I was very impressed  with the Wine Loft.  The only reason it got 4 stars instead of 5 is because it is such a tiny place & easily could be over-crowded at times.   Also, the music was a bit loud at times which  made it somewhat difficult to talk to others in our group... felt like I had to shout to be heard.   But, I would definitely go back - I really like the decor & vibe of the place.  And again, I really felt that we had very good service here!
5	We came on a Saturday night with my husband.  The food was very good. We ordered meat and cheese plate, caprese salad, and mushroom pastry. Portions were not large but bigger than we expected after reading the reviews.  We also shared 3 glasses of wine.   Our server was very nice and friendly and informative.  She was able to make suggestions for us and we were quite pleased with the results.  The atmosphere was neat, the place is quite dark but has a middle eastern feel to it.  You can sit on the couches or at the bar.  The place got quite crowded around 10.  We met the owner before we left and it was a very pleasant experience all around.   I'd definitely return for a good appetizer and a glass of wine.   Probably not for the super hungry though.   Moderately expensive.
4	Definitely not your typically Charlotte place...very dim lighting and louder than expected music (not too loud). I had considered taking my parents here but I'm glad I did not. Took the girlfriend and we had a great time. Definitely a couples or girls place. Wait staff were very friendly...I normally don't care about that but they were so nice/helpful/attentive I have to call it out. Drinks are priced what you'd expect ($5/beer $7-9 most wine glasses) but the food is a bit steep for me. $12 for shrimp cocktail which was like 8 pieces of shrimp. If the food was more reasonably priced I'd have given it 5 stars.
4	A really romantic atmosphere, with a great selection of wines. The food choices are very limited and come in a tapas style.  The hummus in the Mezza plate is really good. The four sisters Sauvignon Blac is super delicious. A very great intimate date place.
4	I seriously go here for the cheese plate...well, and the wine, but that's a given. I'm serious, their cheese plate is AMAZING!!!! I don't live in Charlotte anymore, but whenever I go there, I go to the Wine Loft for the cheesy goodness. :)
3	3.5 StarsNice wine bar option in South End. Good wine selection and knowledgable owner and bar staff. Had a cheese plate.....that was OK. Nothing great. Also tried some other finger foods......OK as well. Prices were a little higher than expected, but good quality nonetheless. I didn't see a whole lot of seating in the place. It is a little dark in there, which is OK, and the bar is small. Not sure what you'd do if the place is full......the patio isn't huge either, not a lot of space to lounge around.Overall not bad. Wish they could expand their space though......
4	Loved the vibe. Low lighting, great wine, and comfy seating. The staff was all personable and very helpful.  Definitely a great date night spot in charlotte.
5	Very trendy hang out place, love it
5	First night in Charlotte and what a find!  Service great, treated special, food was delicious and our martinis were yummy and strong!  Would come back again if ever in Charlotte.  Had a decent wine selection and good selection of small and large bites.  The charcuterie board was the best.  Would highly recommend!  Loved it!
4	Hidden wine bar with good atmosphere / not too crowded.This place is rather hidden in it's current location. Unless you know that it is there, you wouldn't think to just walk in off the street.  Parking is in the back and it is next door to the 5 guys.Once inside, the atmosphere is trendy/posh with lots of seating and a long bar. The pour is good and they also have a full bar - so this is a good place for your friends who are not wine drinkers when you want to have a glass or two - they can order whatever they'd like.The mark-up is not crazy expensive on bottles, so you can get a nice cab to share with your friends. All the appetizers were really good. The cheese plate was nice and the oil and sea salt almonds were awesome.Great off the beaten path place to meet a date or friends and cheers!
4	If you haven't been to this hidden wine bar, you are severely missing out! Half off Tuesday Appetizers? $5 Martinis all night on Wednesdays? Seriously, what have you been doing with your life?The Wine Loft is located across from the Atherton Mill in Southend. Don't let neighboring businesses such as Five Guys or Chipotle dissuade you from stopping in. The bartenders are extremely knowledgable and friendly, and they offer a very happy pour for Happy Hour!I love the charcuterie board or the antipasto board. Perfect place for a Happy Hour with the girls or a little date night! Parking is available hidden in the back as well.
4	I stumbled upon The Wine Loft one Monday evening and I'm so glad I did! I've been looking for a Wine bar type place that stays open relatively late (why do so many close so early?!). Well, this place definitely delivers. I've only ever been during the week and it hasn't been that crowded (which is perfect). I post up on one of the leather couches and enjoy a glass (or three) of wine. They also have specials each night of the week so check them out! They have nights with half off apps, half off wine, etc. It's a great place to go and hang out, chat and catch up with friends. The staff seem knowledgeable and always willing to help!  I've had some of the appetizers, the Mezza plate (olives/hummus/feta dip) and the Caprese salad. Both were good but I though that the Mezza plate could have come with more olives. I also had the chocolate mousse dessert and wow - it was so rich and chocolaty! Yum!! Also - if you have any type of groupon/restaurant.com deal, know that these cannot be combined with their daily specials.
5	Great place to grab a glass of wine and sit and talk to friends. Very nice environment. I'm looking forward to coming here to do a wine tasting one day.
2	I ordered quite a few things from this place and if you don't know much about food ingredients, stay away. We ordered the wild mushroom bruschetta which is suppose to come out with aged Manchego Cheese, it came out drowning in mozzarella. My wife had the shrimp salad which was supposed to be Olive oil, garlic, cumin, lemon juice, mozzarella, tomatoes, apples, and Parmesan but it also came out covered in mozzarella. Are you seeing a trend yet? I wish because my steak gyro was suppose to come with mozzerella and came with no cheese. The app we ate without saying anything because the bartender was also the waitress for all the tables and we had already took a few bites before noticing. The entrees I just gave up on because we hadn't seen bartender in a while so we just ate what was in front of us and left. The place has potential, that experience did not highlight that aspect. I hope they get a dedicated server and someone in the kitchen that can see past the mozzarella .
3	Very tiny, trendy, wine spot - went there one night with my boyfriend and we just had wine (2 bottles) but we had a great time.  The service was awesome and very friendly.  Wine was moderately priced - not the best selection but a little of everything.
4	First upscale bar/lounge/something I've gotten to go to in Charlotte, and I was pleasantly surprised. Went for a birthday and sat down at one of the very comfy tables, The Wine Loft offers a very upscale, but mellow atmosphere. Something out of the movie Hitch. Definitely a date place.- AmbianceHonestly I really liked the place because of this. The room itself is lit dark, with some good electronic music in  the backgroud. The area has just enough space where it's very comfortable to move around, yet small enough to feel very exclusive. The bar is extremely nice and the waiters are very friendly, its a classic place for people to come,  chat, and enjoy a night out.- DrinksI'll be totally honestly, I didn't like the wine. The bottles were priced as a wine bar should be, but the wine just didn't give me the impression it was that special (sometimes it tasted a hint like La Finca from trader joes). However, the mixed drinks were very good.  We even started ordering off the menu and giving our waiter (who proclaimed to be a mixologist) our preferences in tastes so they could concoct a random drink based on our likes. All in all, i'll come here for the mixed drinks and not the wine.Didn't really try the food since we ate before coming here, but definitely will come back again!
5	Great Staff and Great food And great wine specials. I try to go on Wednesdays which is 5 dollar martini night which is a great deal. Go check it out you will not be disappointed.
