4	I have a somewhat ridiculous fear of needles and blood, so I really hate getting my blood taken. And, I hate waiting in line to get tortured by a needle. I am very impatient and so waiting for a long time drive me nuts. But, here is the good news. Sonora Quest has started a new system of making appointments on their Web site. Instead of waiting in a long line for hours, you can pick a day and time to get your blood taken and breeze right past those suckers who didn't know about it. That is just what I did. The second best thing was the woman who took my blood. I wish I would have remembered to get her name because she was a great phlebotomist. I didn't even feel the needle go into my vein! It was the least stressful or fearful blood-drawing experience I've ever had. And for that reason, I'll be back to this particular Sonora Quest and hopefully I'll get her again.
3	Came here for blood work and made an appointment for 10am. I walked in 3-4 minutes late and wasn't greeted. But noticed there were at least 8 people waiting in the room. I signed in and didn't get serviced until 45 minutes later. (Makes me wonder what the point of an online appointment service is)Once my name was called the phlebotomist was professional and asked a couple of questions. The blood work process took less than 5 minutes and was relatively pain-free.
3	This place gets busy.  You have to hit the place at the right time to avoid the wait.  As as "walk in" I usually am in and out in less then 20 minutes for labwork and blood draw.  I usually show up on a Saturday morning, or on one my "off" Fridays in the morning.  They are very professional and well mannered.   Perhaps, the only thing I would advise they could do better, is get some kind of plan to manage the workload of the technicians and the patients, so that once a certain wait time is hit that is perhaps deemed too long, they may be able to refer them to other locations for Sonora Quest in order to balance out the workload and wait times.  I am sure that patients would perhaps drive another 5 miles or so to another location if their wait time would be shortened slightly due to the workload and volume.
