5	Best poutine ever!!! Great pizzas loaded with toppings. Everything (dough, pizza sauce, salad dressings) made in house and taste amazing!
4	Their pizza is awesome. I come from laval-ouest so I had Alfa which is very similar to this place. I have to say though the reason why I put 4 stars and not 5 is because of their subs sauce is lacking. Its good but not awesome good. The pasta my wife loves it. I find they put to many spices in the meatballs which ruin the taste a little but I am picky when it comes to pasta. Guess its my Italian blood
5	If you like the homemade style pizza with some authentic Greek flavor. This place cannot be beat.  All the ingredients are freshly made ( I know this because I used to there) and no where else have I tasted a poutine quite like theirs.  Nick & George are the best
5	For Pizza/Poutine/Subs/Lasagna NIKKOS IS THE BEST IN THE WEST!The pizza sauce is excellent and I always order extra (no charge).  The meat sauce is amazing, and I am totally addicted to the Italian Poutine (made with thick cut fries).None of the other take out joints in the area can compare!
3	Found myself in the neighborhood and went in after consulting my bookmarks on the Yelp app.- It's a small place with a few tables and a small counter with a huge sign on the wall where you can order a variety of pizzas and subs.- We ordered two all dressed bambino pizzas and a poutine. The pizzas were decent, yet nothing special considering some grossly exaggerated previous reviews that claimed this place was 5 stars other than an unexpected spicy sauce. The poutine was equally decent but nothing special compared to some other places that offer poutine in a non-specialized environment (aka poutineville, banquise)- The service was quick and efficient.- The price tag was 24$ which I found slightly expensive for 2 bambino pizzas lunch specials and a poutine.Would I go back? I didn't hate it but at that price tag and not using the place as a local delivery place I won't be back. However, I do suggest trying it out.
3	The pizza is not bad full of cheese. Probably more cheese than anything else... Even bread. The poutine is average, was not a big fan of the fries. The service was great and delivery was very quick.
1	By far the worst pizza I've ever ate (well we tried to eat some of it). It was so bad I gave the whole pizza to my dad who usually eats everything. Although he managed to garburate it, he himself told me it was one of the worst things he had ever eaten. The cheese felt like rubber, the sauce had an after taste, the dough was dry. On top of it all it was the most expensive pizza I've even bought.Never again!
1	Not as good as I though. The sausage is very bad. I thought they used great ingredients - not! I'll stick to my regular pizza guy. Big disappointment.
