5	I swim here at least 3 times a week and it is a great facility! This is a public pool, but it is very clean and professional (stereotypically public pools tend to have a bad rep). They have a lap pool that is separate from the public swim (play pool), so you can swim laps at ease with few interruptions. The pool is however deep, so I would not recommend it for people looking for a walking/water aerobics pool (unless you can do it treading at the same time). The daily fee is either 2 or 3 dollars depending on whether you are a Scottsdale resident or not (that is the lap swim rate- not sure about the public swim rate). Also, you can buy a card with 30 sessions on it and sometimes it is discounted by the city. I know there are also family passes available, but I don't have a family and am not knowledgeable about restrictions, prices etc. I recommend swimming laps in the morning before the public session starts at 1pm or after 5pm, when it ends, because the locker rooms can be packed with kids running around and large groups (i.e boys and girls club etc.). There is also a fitness center, but I have never used it.
4	This is a great find.. so much so that I don't want to share the awesomeness!!!  Joking!We went there this summer with the family in tow.. lots of kiddos and lots of adults.  The line on a Saturday wasn't bad and the staff there are very quick and friendly.The facilites are very well kept and in order and there are plenty of staff around the park to help you or to keep an eye on things.  The kiddos always have a blast here and get to burn some of that energy swimming, running, and being wild kids.Downers are: no alcohol allowed (you can sneak it if you're good at it.. but be careful), no grilling available ( you have to bring your food already made or just eat before or just bring snacks).  If you get there even a bit late, good luck finding decent seating (for those adults wanting to sit and chit-chat in the shade while their kids run off to play in the water).The best part: the lazy river!  I wanted to just ride that river the whole afternoon.. despite all the kids around you, it is relaxing and refreshing.Overall, a great CHEAP way to entertain your kids in the summer! and for you to relax while they do it..
4	Fitness center...lap pool...no fuss, no contracts and just $ 2 a day. Passes available too. Its only taken me a few years to realize that this facility was there. I was so bummed that my community pool was going to be closed for a few weeks for resurfacing that I started looking for alternatives, and I found it and am overall very pleased with my discovery.There are locker rooms for both men and women and they are very clean. There is also a well equipped fitness center of good size with all the equipment that you would need both in terms of cardiovascular and strength equipment. The front desk staff is very friendly and will answer any questions you may have about the facility.Outside, there are two pools: one is a multi purpose pool with both shallow and deep depths and then there is also one for laps and competitive swimming. There are limited hours for the pools so get there early so you have plenty of room otherwise you may have to share a lane with someone.
2	The facility is clean and architecturally beautiful.  BUT why would they concrete the decking of a pool in 100+ degree days in AZ?!?!?  It's slippery and hot on your feet.  Saw someone slip and hit their head - an ambulance was called to take her to the hospital for a concussion. The ratio of pool guest to lifeguards seems to be 3:1.  Each time there is an injury instead of taking the person up to the first aid room all 50 guards blow their whistles and corral every single guest out of the pool and the entire pool area.  You are not allowed to find your children or grab your towels or even a water!  It's an absurd practice.  I will not return.  I agree that if the guards are dealing with an emergency people should get out of the pool but to corral everyone off the grounds is a bit much.
4	This is a review from my 9 year old niece who lives in the area.When my aunt and uncle said we are going to the pool we all said YEAH!!!  When we got there we said OUCH because the floors are so hot and burning. We all enjoyed the pool, diving board, waterslide, and the lazy river of course!  Although the floors burned our feet, we all had fun and did not want to leave!
1	Went to do the lazy river $6 a person seemed like a fair price thou they were only open for four hours.  The lifeguards had a drill where the demanded everyone out of the water no matter where they were, we happened to be in the middle of the lazy river "OUT NOW! LEAVE YOUR RAFT GET OUT!" They wouldn't allow my wife to get to a ladder the exit we had to climb out on to the blazing hot concrete and burn our feet for about 50 yards back to our flip flops! Piss poor setup even our apartment pool has a surface around thr pool thats doesn't burn your feet.  First and last time ....
3	Your tax dollar at work.My review is only about the "ftness center" because my kids don't like going to the pool anymore because of the absurd "safety drills" where the teenagers running the place randomly freak out and force everyone out of the pool and make you stand on the 185 degree pool decking. The gym is great and perfect for drop-in workouts.  Lots of crabby old people complaining about everything but whatever:   It's $2 per visit.  Just don't turn on a fan, you might ruin everyone's day.
4	This place is great to hang out in the summer except the floors burned my feet and I have to wear my shoes all the time. Let's just say this place can be overly crowded with a bunch of long lines for the diving board and the waterslide. But this place is really nice in architecture, the place is clean and the staff were okay.
2	Great but the days and times they are open are completely unpredictable. There is a pool schedule online, but clearly they never adhere to it. Today, I took my 2-year-old and 6-year-old niece here because the online schedule said it was open from 10 am until 6 pm. Imagine our surprise and disappointment when we drove for 30 minutes only to discover a sign changing the pool hours to 1 pm until 5 pm. Their failure to update their schedule means that we are unable to plan accordingly and my nieces are heartbroken when they can't swim. A little consideration goes a long way
4	Four stars would be five if they got rid of the snotty girl at the front desk with the social skills of a prison guard.
5	Such a nice fitness center! Beautiful entrance and clean equipment. Staff is friendly and I love the free swim cap with check in. This pool is salt water so your skin won't feel dry or flakey after finishing your workout.
