4	I still long for Prada's bowling bag days...Am I the only one? I still think that the cool capacitive touchscreen display of LG PRADA phone was a stunning design of all when they released in 2007. I've always been a fan of their style. They are chic, modern, sophisticated, & classy. They often use the traditional black, white and gray which is the color of most of their clothing & hand bags, with other color piece here and there. To me, these shades are usually easy to mix and match with other colors. But I haven't been keeping up with their style for a while..,so I recently went to check out the current fashion trends of Prada. As I walked into the store, all the current seasoned purses were displayed on the dark tinted mirror type shelves. The sales Associate greeted me with nice smile. So here I was at Prada store(the one in Crystals @CItyCenter) during holiday season. I assumed that it would be packed with lot of tourists who loved to shop for Christmas.  But it wasn't too bad because they were all scattered around at this large sized store doing their holiday shopping.  Particularly, this store has a huge layout with several escalators going up & down from 1st to 3rd floor. They have a great collection from small accessories to beautiful clothing.  Fortunately, you may find an occasional deal like 30% off on some of the selected items (applying only for those colorful & funky designed items,, :P) The person who was helping me out was very professional, inquisitive, appropriate, and patient. He knew how to gave some space while I was browsing and he had a good knowledge on new items and was willing to gave an honest opinion. This Prada store @Crystal is a beautiful store and worth a visit if you are really into an Art of Fashion :)
5	This Prada store is amazing.....3 stories of fabulous clothes and luggage.We had to stop and check out this place at Crystal City.After 10 minutes of browsing, my babe found a cool black handbag with silver lettering.  $1500.00 later.....the handbag is wrapped and out the store we went.A great gift for my babe at a great store!
4	O-M-G. Walked in here and walked into a slice of heaven on earth. This almost beat my Prada shopping experience in Italy - ALMOST.Three floors, and the shoe selection hosted on the middle floor. Which was where I sat for like ten minutes waiting for someone to help me as I cradled five different pairs I wanted to try on. It was my birthday - I was ready to spend all my card money!When the sales associate came to assist she ended up being amazing. She endured me and my girlfriends oohing and ahhing for twenty minutes, adding in her thoughts as well. I bought two fabulous pairs of shoes and have a feeling I'll be sneaking back again when I have to go back to work in Vegas ;)
5	Honestly, the nicest staff are in here and Rowena, the lady who helped me, was extremely sweet and honest with what I picked.
5	This Prada is beautiful. It rivals the shop in Milan. It has a lovely layout and the shop ladies are AWESOME! Always ask for Sarah! She'll make your day! I liked how this store had Las Vegas specific handbags; I guess it something to remind you of all your winnings ;) I have to say though the sales ladies here are the best. The ones in the Rodeo store in LA are mean!!
5	I can never go wrong with Vegas and Prada, as I say about all Vegas stores u never end up with the stuck up sales person.  This stores selection is perfect!
1	1st  and last time here i was relentlessly followed throughout the entire store everything i touched they would go right behind me and fix what ever i touched (or act like they were fixing it ) i felt super uncomfortable the whole time i was there i made a video about it while i was there and i will be posting it on youtube it is already on my facebook      I WILL NEVER EVER BE GOING BACK TO PRADA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAD THE WORST EXPERIENCE!!!!!!!!........................I GAVE IT ZERO STARS BECAUSE IT SUCKED !!!! but in order to post this i had to put at least 1 star
2	While this new location is absolutely beautiful, I was a bit disgusted with the customer service, or lack thereof. I admit, I'm a Prada aficionado, so it kills me to write this. My experience was pretty bad and almost painful. My salesperson, Lisa, was aloof and sarcastic. We were browsing before dinner and I was interested in a few items. She seemed bothered that I was even asking questions. Even when I asked for her card, she said she didn't have one. She handed us a catalog and told us to look through it, come back and ask her for it. Seriously? Yeah, I won't be back ever. Now I have to admit, I worked in retail for many years before I went into corporate America, so I really don't get the 'tude. I guess the stuffy sales people never learned that they shouldn't judge a book by it's cover.I'd seriously advise the store manager to reevaluate their sales training and start back at sales 101. Vegas is a resort town where people are on vacation and are looking to spend their hard earned money. They either bring it to the casinos or to buy items of luxury. I was extremely happy to spend my hard earned money elsewhere, like Barneys and the Prada store at the Bellagio where I definitely received much better service. Because of the horrible service, I will never return to the Crystal's Prada location.
4	4 stars because its a 3 story Prada store and the salespeople were way nicer to me than other Prada stores. The folks on the mens floor were very knowledgeable about the lines and were interested in helping me.
4	Kudos what Jeff from San Francisco has to say. They have 3 stories but I didn't find many items that really caught my eyes. Went in with two girl friends of mine who blew nearly 4k on one handbag and two purses. The result was a very nice treat by the sales people and a huge Prada bag. It was huge, I've never seen any other store gives bags that big to pack all the stuff you shop there. The funny thing is: my girl friends were whining about how hard to be a woman while they're looking around the store trying to wear on everything. Last time I heard that was a nice lady asking me if I ever wanted to be a girl after she complained how difficult to be one in an elevator inside Encore as she was putting on make-ups on her face before hitting the clubs.
3	Ok, it probably come across as incredibly pretentious to review Prada, but here it goes.So I was on the hunt for a very specific Prada frame that had gone out of style (this is what some of my friends would call "rich people problems"). I had no luck in about a half dozen stores.When I entered this space, I was immediately drawn to the wall of sunnies. I encountered none of the service issues the other reviewers did; in fact I got 1.5 salespersons to help me (one guy and a woman who kept diving into the backroom right by the sunglasses).I probably tried on twenty different frames and asked snooty questions about "polarization" and "ombre tinting" before narrowing it down a pair, which they agreed "fit my face" (thanks, I think).After making my purchase, I checked out the men's collections (not really my style) and the women's (for work) and was politely greeted on each floor. Perhaps they were nice because they knew I had already bought something or I looked like some Hong Kong high roller (note, I am not). Or perhaps it's just good service. Anyway, I was pretty satisfied with the whole experience.
3	It is a beautifully designed store, and the staff seemed friendly, but they never called me when the shoes I ordered came in. I don't understand how I can go through all the trouble of leaving my name , number, address , size , ect. and the men's manager never called about my shoes? Whatever ... It is a stunning flagship store!
5	Awesome customer service from an older lady in men's (I didn't catch her name sorry) and a younger guy named Chris in men's. Both very helpful & very polite! I will be back in again.
3	Sometimes you gotta do what Prada doGreat selection, and availability of sizes especially for men its hard to find sometimesim a size 13 in us   yeah i know.    you know what they say about big feet....big socks. this place was good but not as ahhhhmazing as Louis Vuitton was
4	Although not listed as an epicenter on the Prada site, this store might as well be. It features a unique design that reminds me of speakers and 3 stories with plentiful merchandise. The mens selection is quite large which is always a plus and is comparable to the one in Beverly Hills. The customer service can be spotty as one can expect. Some are snooty while some are great. I had a great experience with Justin from the men's department. He was friendly, helpful, and assertive. He knew when to back off a bit and when to step in and offer assistance!
1	Still can't believe I was followed around the store!My mom and I went in to buy a new purse. I was so excited that my mom found something she liked, but soon after she abruptly said let's go. I asked her why and she said the man was following us around the store. He was always a couple of steps behind us and never offered any help. This is unacceptable because we went to the other boutiques in the mall and were never followed. We were shown bags and offered help instead. We weren't dressed "bummy" and I was carrying a designer bag so I'm not sure what his significant problem was. Oh that's right I'm still a black woman looking at very expensive bags. Apparently that warranted the stalker treatment from this one ignorant associate.The more I thought about it the madder I got so I called the next day to complain to Amanda the store manager. She didn't seem very apologetic. She asked me to describe the associate but I genuinely didn't remember too much about him. She questioned me like I was in the wrong. I'm trying to buy some of your merchandise, you don't follow me around and give me an inquisition when I follow up with a complaint. I will be buying my purse in Los Angeles where surprisingly I''m never treated like a common criminal!
4	I'm a big Fan of this Brand and Specially this Store Is Nice
3	It has been awhile since I last splurged on a handbag and decided to opt for a timeless, classic bag- what screams classic none other than PRADA?!The sales associate who assisted me was a female and gave me really helpful advice deciding between a black or nude structured saffiano tote. I ended up settling for black. Payment and registration was quick but I later found out that she horribly butchered my name! The shopping bag they put my purse in was a tad bit ridiculous. I could have easily fit into it and it was slightly embarrassing & gaudy toting it through the casino/shops.
1	I'm going  to say a few negative things about this place that attitude in the store is absolutely terrible I am pretty sure the employees working there can't even afford the merchandise that are on the racks, Employees Will not help find anything, The attitudes here is bad, I used to work in Barney's New York in Beverly Hills California that by far is the best department store you're ever be in any entire life go check that out they do have all kinds of Prada items barneys New York without the bad attitude maybe the employee should go over there for a field trip and check how the attitude is supposed to be in a high-end department store.
5	After having experienced a great buffet at the Wicked spoon, we passed thru Prada. Our friends had picked up a Prada, so we wanted to look at clutches and the same bag our friend had purchased. We have a few Loueeys so we weren't necessarily picking up anything. We met a very friendly male associate on the third level and didn't see anything 'she' wanted. So we headed for the men's department downstairs. I needed a decent shirt for poker but we were on the verge of Black Friday :). So, I turned back towards 'her' and she met up with Mathew G. I also saw a few bag charms that were eclectic and collectible. After seeing a Karlito elsewhere, I became curious. Mathew enlightened us with some history on the charms, authenticity Certs for the bags, and other details.  He was attentive, indeed.   I do not wish to go into the details of what was purchased but we did have a pleasurable buying experience.  Will always go back to Prada here in Vegas if all their associates are like "M"!
