5	If you are looking for Scottish shortbread, this is the place!  A new shop just off the Royal Mile!  The owner makes and bakes her own all-butter shortbread in house, fresh every morning!  It is UNBELIEVABLY delicious!  She also makes her Ballantyne Toffee loaded with nuts and chocolate, Millionaire truffles, and she brews and bottles her own vanilla!  Really cute shop!
4	A staple at Stockbridge Market...  the lovely Jennifer now has a shop!! She's been open about two weeks and at the rate she's been selling out of shortbread.. her success from Stockbridge has not diminished!! Not only is the shortbread full of buttery goodness but the ballantyne toffee (a secret family recipe!) is TO.DIE.FOR!! She has a variety of flavours.. from traditional to cardamom and white chocolate..  She also has mini shorties... Billionaire's shortbread & Chocolate chip with chocolate ganache...The shop also sells bunting and super cute aprons... She bakes on site so the shop smells absolutely amazing!! There's also homemade vanilla extract for those who a keen bakers...Stop by, say hi, try shortbread... you won't regret it!! Shop is cash only, so come prepared!!
5	Adorable shop with delicious, freshly baked shortbread and other fabulous treats.  The owner is a California girl who brings a fresh new take on the traditional "bakery". Definitely worth stopping by! The lemon shortbread and Ballantyne toffee...OMG!!!!!!!!!
5	The reviews from this place have exploded! We were here weeks after they opened and I actually added the page to Yelp while standing in the store, expecting to come back and get the first to review. How wrong I was!But that just goes to show the ultimate power of these delicious cookies. I was actually out with my friend in Edinburgh and we had been talking about how good the shortbread was in Scotland. I said I wanted to pick some up for a friend watching my dog and as we turned the corner, there it was.It's a tiny, sleek, clean shop (I say clean because everything feels new and warm and wonderful. Like you've been wrapped in fresh laundry.) There are the ovens and counters where owner Jennifer (who is as sweet as her treats) bakes and a counter up front with the cookies.Yum.The cookies are a little more expensive than your normal touristy shop but they are worth it. Every single flavour of cookie was insanely delicious, but the truffles? Oh my god, the truffles, they were out of this world amazing.And she's got samples of everything for you to try.Also, they make their own pinnies, which I didn't know anything about and learned they are aprons. Aw, nice. Go here, love it, support this amazing store. When I come back, I want to buy more cookies.
5	You can't just eat one of everything! Scrumptious!!!!  The shortbread melts in your mouth.  A perfect place to spot to satisfy your sweet tooth or pick up the perfect treats for parties and afternoon teas.  Love it!
4	Cute, cute, cute!Shortbread and toffee in different varieties. Gorgeous bunting and home made pinnies for taking home. I tried the toffee as it was gluten free and it was lovely - quite dime bar-ish and very more-ish but I was saving myself for Affogato so I resisted temptation.There is the promise of wheat free Fridays to be launched soon for the shortbread so I'll definitely be back then!
5	Seeing Emma's review made me realise I'd forgotten to leave my own before heading off to sunnier climes.  My fav is the chai shortbread. It's delish and I can't get enough of it. It's freshly baked and melts in your mouth.
5	Tucked around the corner from the Royal Mile is this tiny, delightful bakery. Yes, the owner has a great Scottish accent, but she's a transplanted Angelino!  Don't hold that against her. She creates the most amazing shortbread confections. You'll never want to eat a Walker's dry biscuit again once you have one of these amazing cookies!
5	We were walking around Edinburgh looking for shortbread and came upon Pinnies.  As soon as you walk in you can smell the goodness.  We purchased a variety of flavors and loved them all.   Jennifer the owner is very sweet and friendly.  Would I go back?  Definitely!
5	A cute, beautiful little store! You get hit with the delicious smells as you walk in. There are so many different flavours that we had troubling choosing. So we solved this by buying one of each that we available. The owner was busy making others - I wish we had time to go back to try the others. Each biscuit was fresh, tasty and mouth in your mouth goodness.
5	What a lovely wee shop!As has been said Pinnies and Poppy Seeds sells a variety of gorgeous goodies in the form of shortbread, truffles and toffee (I think these are all regulars) and a few other offerings depending on the season. I popped in recently to get some Christmas gifts - early I know but I'm headed home for the holidays soon and am trying to get as much purchasing as possible out of the way. Jennifer, the lovely owner, advised me that the best thing to buy at this time would be the toffee as the shortbread really wouldn't keep for the month. Entirely fair enough. So, I loaded up on toffee and snuck in a few tasty treats for myself and my husband. I went for the chocolate orange shortbread (SO good - I especially loved the orange sugar on top) and the billionaire's shortbread truffle (nomnomnom)  - I ate half of each right then and saved the second half for The Man. It's so nice to see a few places opening up on/near the Royal Mile which sell things which people who live in Scotland would actually want to buy, instead of the standard tourist tack that you usually find on the Mile.  As an added plus, the shortbread is just the perfect thing to give you a few extra springs in your step after a long day of sightseeing and/or Christmas shopping.
5	An adorable little bakery where you can smell the fresh baked shortbread right when you walk in! I was looking for original, homemade shortbread to take back to the States for my family and everybody loved the goodies I brought back. The toffee bars are amazing also. The owner, Jennifer is a sweet heart also.
