5	Excellent hot pot restaurant with generous portions. My wife and I love the Taiwanese popcorn chicken, Taiwanese pork hocks stew, deep fried stinky tofu, different varieties of drinks, and the 11 different varieties of hot pot  to choose from. The selection will have something for everyone. I will emphasize this point which no other restaurant in town as what this hot pot joint is offering: authentically Taiwanese.
4	Almost a FIVE. Nice selection of 11 different types of Hot Pots including one that is served with a 1 lb lobster ($19.95). Had the credit card machine been working last night, we would've tried it. We ordered the Pork & Clam pot, one pot with stinky tofu (name escapes me), and popcorn chicken. The broth from the Pork & Clam was our favorite. As for the popcorn chicken, I'd say it is so-so. Doesn't taste exactly like the one from Ay-Chung, other Taiwanese eateries in LA, or the food stands on the streets of Taipei.One criticism I have is the lack of dipping sauces. Pot Tea only has 2: Sacha & Ponzu. Come on.....it's a hot pot place. You need more than 2 dipping sauces! Also, please provide chopped green onions and cilantro, too! On the other hand, they must be commended for offering minced pork over rice as one of your carb choices with no extra charge. Nice touch.The one thing that is a FIVE is the service. The staff is very attentive and polite with them constantly checking on us.
5	Loved this place! Decor is nice and simple and so is the menu. 5 appetizers, about 10 different "pots" , about 6 or 8 types of tea and the desert of the day. I ordered the seafood pot, it had real crab, clams, mussels, scallops, shrimp and fish. The flavors were clean, you can taste every ingredient and know they are fresh and the broth was perfect... Pair that with steam rice topped with delicious minced pork and the highly addictive "milk tea", which in my opinion was better than Thai iced tea. Oh, and let's not forget the service which was outstanding! If anything, I think the employees try a little too hard, but that's understandable, since as a new business they want to make the best first impression. I was impressed. They got me. I'm a fan!
5	Took my lady friend here and was blown away with how good the food tasted. Ingredients for our hot pot dishes were fresh and portions were huge.  We got the chicken wings and stinky tofu for our appetizers...so authentic. Service staff were nice and friendly. Definitely coming back for 1 more stop before leaving town.
5	I love hot pot and this is the best one I have so far in CA and NV area. My family and I  feel this place is better than "boiling pot" in CA. the staff and the owners are great, surely will go back as a regular.
5	A friend told me about this place. Finally came over today to check it out. Everyone so friendly and warm. The pot was in the special made container. We ordered fried chicken, sticky fried tofu and spicy tofu pot. The pot was full of items and they got us both the stew pork rice and vermicelli noodle. The taste reminds me of Taiwan! Yes! We'll be back soon.
5	This spot just had a soft opening so my friends and I decided to check it out. It's in a nice location on Rainbow, right by Oyshi. We came in and were greeted immediately by the hostess. There was only one other table of guests in the restaurant, so they weren't very busy at all. Understandable since they're brand new. We were told their grand opening will be in May, so hopefully business will pick up for them. Let's get to the food. We ordered the sweet potato fries, popcorn chicken, and chicken wings to start with. Sweet potato fries were okay, not my favorite. The popcorn chicken and chicken wings were pretty amazing. Both were crispy and very flavorful, especially with the sweet chili sauce that it came with. For our hot pot, we ordered the rib eye, which was delicious. There were three of us there and it was enough for all of us. The cool part is that when you run out of broth, they'll refill your pot with fresh broth. And the pot is heated up the whole time it's at your table so it doesn't get cold. For dessert, we tried the cheesecake and the salted caramel ice cream. Both were pretty tasty separately, but together, they were amazing.As far as service goes, the staff was great and attentive the entire time we were there. The owner, Wendy, was kind enough to stop by at our table and ask for our input on what we ate. We had a nice chat about their food and she was very sweet and recommended that we try the stinky tofu next time. Our server, Ariana, was awesome and friendly. The other servers that helped were also great. I'm looking forward to many more visits to this place!Also... bring cash! The one and only downside was they were only taking cash at the time, which was understandable. We had cash, so it wasn't a huge inconvenience at the time. I'm assuming they'll start taking credit cards eventually, so hopefully they'll have that taken care of by the time they have their grand opening.
4	Woke up to a text from a friend yesterday telling me to go try this place and let him know how it is. And yesterday was so crazy windy the foodie fest shut down for the day so why not?They've got a number of different hotpots to try. Between #1 and #2 I went with the seafood and tofu hotpot while my friend went with the other one. The last time I had hotpot was at boiling point in Cali and I was disappointed with mine. This had the right amount of napa cabbage for me not to get annoyed with. I felt like they weren't trying to take my money with mostly cabbage. It was a great combination of different seafood items and meat :D. Also had a piece of crab and two pieces of shrimp. Looking forward to other crazy random chilly days to try it out. Not that you have to since the AC feels like it's cranked up so it's pretty cold in there (for me since I get cold really easily). Definitely coming back soon to try the other pots. My server, Sae, was such a sweetheart. She's great, sociable, and such a sweetheart. She found things of interest to talk about that didn't make me feel like you're just trying to make small talk for the heck of it. She was genuine. It's not always credit card friendly so be prepared with cash just in case. Cash only the second time around, too. :(
1	After reading the reviews on this place, we were really looking forward to trying it out and having hot soup on a windy day. Unfortunately, we ended up being disappointed and leaving hungry. There were maybe around 3 or 4 other parties when we got there so we didn't expect to wait long. We ordered chicken wings and the Japanese Miso hot pot. It took at least 30 minutes for the order to come out and only after following up with one of the servers who later turned out to be the manager. All the wait staff were very nice and did apologize for the delay. The food came out shortly after and the chicken wings were okay but we were so hungry by then anything would have tasted good. The hotpot came out after and the serving looked good for the price. Our dining experience made a turn for the worse when I found a piece of wire in our soup and I brought it to Ariana, the server's attention. She apologized and told us that she would be right back. After waiting another 10-15 minutes, she came back and said the manager will take care of us but didn't really elaborate. At that point, we had waited almost an hour and only had chicken wings. Another server asked us if we were okay and we told her that another server was helping us. We waited another 10 minutes and finally followed up with Ariana again who then told us that the person who came over was actually the manager Kara and she would take care of our bill. I told her that we didn't even know that she was the manager since she didn't introduce herself, just thought she was another server.I understand that the place is new and maybe they are not used to handling this type of situation. I appreciate that they took care of the bill but we hardly ate and left still feeling hungry. They could have offered to replace our order although I'm not sure how much longer we would have been willing to wait. Sad to say we won't be going back anytime soon.
5	Pot tea social house is not your typical Taiwanese hot pot/cuisine. It's way better,we had the popcorn chicken and the spicy beef hot pot good enough. To share for 2people.service was great,restaurant Was very clean and the owner bought us dessert #winning.come and check this gem in the southwest out.
5	We first visited Pot Tea on its soft opening and Wendy was very welcoming. She was even willing to give us a drink on the house. Good service is hard to find especially in Asian restaurants and Wendy left a great first impression. The second time we went in to eat for lunch. The staff was friendly and prompt when we needed anything. There was enough meat, seafood and veggies in my and my husbands pot. And the broth was just right. It reminded me of my mother in laws, which is delicious. Plus we got Jasmine green tea for free, since it was during lunch time. I have a bit of an addiction to tea and coffee lol, so I'm sure I'll be visiting more often just for the tea. Overall, I will be back with family because of the awesome service, great prices, and delicious food. It is worth checking out and eating at for sure!
2	I've never had hot pot before but I figured I would give this place a try.  They have 11 different pots and most contain seafood. I'm not really a seafood eater so I had the fish taken out of the lamb pot. I wasnt sure how to eat it and I quickly realized that hot pots are just not my thing.  When I went in,  there were only a few other tables so the service was attentive. I did have to wait 20 minutes for my food,  but I think that was more of the kitchen being slow.  My server was friendly but a little awkward and quiet. She also never introduced herself,  so I have no clue what her name is.
3	Alright this place is good, but its not THAT good. I honestly think this place got high ratings because this is the best hot pot we have in Vegas.. which isn't saying much. So overall taste wise, Pot Tea gets a solid 3 stars which is a little harsh, but since I am Chinese, I do have high expectations for hot pot.  Came a couple of days after their opening and they were still doing some minor construction work. No biggie. I got the spicy beef hot pot and friend got the spicy miso pot. I asked for super super extra spicy while the friend got the mild. My hot pot turned out to not be spicy at all.. while my friend's actually had a good kick to it. The hot pot came with a side of minced pork rice (or vermicelli or white rice). I loved how they filled the pot with lots of ingredients, beef, fish cake, corn, imitation crab etc so they definitely weren't lacking in ingredients. What they were lacking in was flavor of the broth. The broth was really really light.. barely any flavor. And sure you can dip the stuff in the sauces they provided you with on the side, but they only provided you with 2. No option for you to make your own so that's kind of a bummer. We also ordered a side of popcorn chicken which wasn't that good either.. I thought the popcorn chicken at Easy Life was better. So overall, if you're not familiar with Chinese hot pot, then give this place a try. If you've grown up eating hot pot all your life, best to save the $12 and eat hot pot at home.
4	I don't know if it's because I have a toddler who just got potty trained but the name did give me a few giggles.  This restaurant though is quite serious about it's casual but modern design and it's awesome food.  You enter into a large space that is bright, casual yet tasteful, a mixture of rustic wooden tables and benches with more industrial chairs.  Coupled with very warm and attentive service, this place is perfect for families and dates. Personally I am not a huge fan of shabu-shabu or hot pots, but this place has definitely converted me into a wanna-repeat customer.  (Thanks for bringing me here wifey!)From 11am-2pm, you get free green or black tea with your lunch which you can have sweetened or unsweetened.  We had the Taiwanese popcorn chicken and my hubby, son and I LUVED it.  Popcorn chicken can be so boring and hard and chewy but these have a delicate crunch and light but savory seasoning and it comes with basil leaves.  Mmmmmm.  I ordered 2 plates and didn't get to take any home.  My friend ordered the chicken wings and I didn't feel like trying them coz it looked dry and they didn't care for it too much either, said there wasn't much flavor in the chicken itself so you can skip this.  For the bowls, hubby had the Rib Eye and I had the Kimchi bowl.  Let's start off with my Kimchi bowl, when it was served in their adorable containers over a live fire, even with the mild spice level that broth was EXTREMELY spicy.  It was more manageable when I had the fire under my bowl put off but man, was I sweatin!  The broth was very tasty and I enjoyed the mix of meat, vegetables, seafood and pseudo-seafood elements in my bowl.  I had beef, shrimp, scallop, squid, mussel, clams... the works.  Add a few more meat toppings and 2 people can share this bowl with an extra cup of rice.  I definitely enjoyed both the filling and broth of my bowl much more than my husband's order, which I thought was quiet bland.  However, they have this wonderful condiment pronounced "sha tsa" sauce which reminds me of a marriage between chili paste and bagoong (shrimp paste).  My friend said it's called Chinese barbecue sauce made with dried scallops.  It is very addicting and you can bump up the flavor of your hotpot to your liking.  If you are into hotpots, sharing and clearing up a stuffy nose, definitely stop by this Pot Tea.  Teehee.  Seriously, they've got some good stuff!
3	This place is ok. It's a lot better that shitty booming pot mini pot spot. It's probably the best personal mini Hotpot in Vegas. They need a Boiling Point here already! Anyways the popcorn chicken is good. The personal pots are good sized lots of meats veggies and etc. The only downfall I hope the fix later on down the road is when you order a add on of meat or what ever for $3.50 is to actually give you what you paid for instead of 2 slices of rib eye... I'll add a photo of what I got which is pretty sad looking. Besides that they messed up on my wife's pot. She ordered a kimchi one and received a seafood one. Which wasn't that big of a deal and they was quick and prompt on fixing it.
5	Best first time experience! Everything was just beyond amazing :) Everyone just welcomes you right when you come in the store and the store itself is already cozy! Its different than any other Asian cuisine I have tried. Its my first time having a hot pot and I am glad I went here. Everyone should seriously try it!
2	Well, there are pots? Sort of - more like woks. They are hot. There is tea. Social house? I'm not sure.You're going to experience your own "hot pot." If you've done hot pot before, you'd be sharing one giant one with everyone. Not here. You're generally in around $12 for your own hot pot. This includes a side (rice, rice with pork, or noodles). You can also pick how spicy you want it.  You'll be served a wooden sort of stove with a chemical fire keeping your pot of choice boiling. There are a few problems with this.- These things take up a lot of your table in combination with your drink, a small extra bowl, and your small side.- The above is an issue because... it's still boiling in the pot/wok! It's way too hot to just eat straight up so you need to use your extra small bowl. So when you move soup and ingredients into the small bowl it's hard to maneuver yourself far enough from the fire and pot and close enough to the tiny bowl safely.- Because it's boiling hot and nobody had room to move food around to smaller bowls, everyone was blowing on their food. A lot. I, personally, got light headed. I have never worked so hard for my veggies.- Because everything already comes boiling in the pot, things are going to be cooked at paces that will likely displease you. Some things are already overcooked. Some will just not cook at all. It's not at your own pace.It's genuinely questionable to me if it's worth $12 for what you get and how much work you have to do. I think I just prefer a regular hot pot experience where you can cook things at your own pace, in your own way, and likely much cheaper per person. Maybe that's just my bias. Maybe you'll go and you'll find a personal bowl is better. I just didn't. I know I've just never seen food consumed so slowly.Other items tried...- Taiwanese fried chicken. Extremely heavy breading on bits of fatty chicken. Extremely, extremely salty.- Sweet potato fries. Soggy, floppy fries.All that aside, quality of ingredients is fine. The place is clean. It's one of few Taiwanese places around. So... support your local business and try it out? I don't know. I don't think I'd be back. There's just nothing compelling enough to return for.
3	Pot Tea opened recently and my friend and I decided to give them a try. We arrived around 7 on a Wednesday and the place was pretty packed. I went with the spicy beef hot pot and my fried ordered the lobster hot pot as well as a chicken wing appetizer. The wings came out first and they were tiny. They looked dry, but were surprisingly moist. They lacked any sort of flavor and definitely needed a little more seasoning or sauce. The hot pots came out and they were surprisingly large. I'm not well-versed in this cuisine but after my dining companion mentioned the lack of dipping sauces (they only offer two) it definitely felt lacking. More options would have helped quite a bit, I think. My spicy beef was actually quite spicy and flavorful. Opting for the vermicelli noodles over rice helped retain all the flavor from the broth. Despite the spiciness level being right on, nothing else about our meal was particularly memorable. Everything  was just ok. My friend seemed less than enthused with her lobster hot pot and said she regretted getting rice instead of vermicelli. The place is new, so I cut them some slack as far as service. They were busy and the severs seemed to be trying their best. Everyone was really nice, so I give them kudos for that.Make sure you bring cash, since they are currently cash only.
4	This place was nice, the customer service was on point. I've only eaten Taiwanese hot pot twice, once here and the other time in California, i.e the famous Boiling Point.For starters I like the black tea, but I think i should be a tad bit sweeter but its fine. For appetizers we ordered the popcorn chicken, I didn't like as much, the flavor was fine but the texture was crispy enough, some parts were still soggy and it kinda killed it for me.The hot pot it self was good, but unlike Boiling point, they didnt have many sauces to choose from, they had your basic chili oil and ponzu. I LIKE VARIETY. but the flavor of the broth was still delicious, in fact I think it has better flavoring than Boiling Point.Besides the disappointing popcorn chicken, I like this place and will be coming again :)
3	It's better than booming pot & noodle exchange.. But still can't beat Boiling point in LA. I ordered the stinky tofu hot pot... I Could not taste the stinky tofu?? I didn't like how they only serve 2 different dipping sauces with your hot pot... There should be a variety of sauces... It's a hot point joint. Plus side- lunch time.. Free black tea or jasmine green tea w your hot pot
2	The presentation was nice,  the staff was friendly, and the place seemed like a nice place to hang out. That's about it though. We ordered the Japanese miso and stinky tofu pots in medium spicy. The wait was a little long but they were busy so we didn't mind. Like I said, the presentation was nice but it fell flat flavor- wise. I at least expected the stinky tofu to be, well... stinky. I much prefer booming spot mini pot over this place.
1	Service was good... The food taste terrible, feels like the boiling pot in LA, but taste totally different. I ordered the spicy pot, the super spicy one, it's not spicy at all...disoppionted
4	This place was delicious! We went few weeks ago when they just barley opened so they were a bit on the new/slow side of customers service on the food, but the waitress were all wonderful and so kind. The food was a lot for one person (atleast I think so!) and I loved how they came around and asked if we needed to get "refill" or want more broth. I would definitely go back!
5	Food was great! All the servers were so kind. Their milk tea boba is pretty amazing. The broth was a little bland but i loved how they offer to refill your pot with broth when your running low
5	Bomb! Amazing customer service! My first time trying it and i loved it! Tried the pork and clam pot and it was yummy! Will be back for sure!!!
5	A great hang out spot on the southwest side of town! Very friendly n the food is tasty. Can't wait to go back!
5	Excellent service. My husband ordered spicy tofu & I ordered the beef pot. Delish flavors, plenty of veggies, meat and they refill the soup. Also ordered popcorn chicken appetizer crispy, lychee green tea tastes like fresh lychee. I definitely recommend this place!
4	They have a variety of hot pot . We ordered the kim chi hot pot and the spicy beef hot pot , both were delicious . They were generous with the portion. Sae , our waitress had a beautiful smile and was very friendly . She explained the different hot pots . Overall a great experience .
5	Went there late on a Monday night, staff was very courteous. They offered to refill our pot with broth if we ran low, which was nice. Definitely get some appetizers and the side of minced pork over rice. One pot is enough to feed two people I'd say. Good experience overall. To answer someone else's comment from an earlier post, they do take credit card. However I did not see any sign on their door saying so.
4	My new obsession. Loved everything here.  My fav so far: stinky tofu and kimchi pot
5	Very delicious! I love it! Service can be a bit faster but it's well worth it. They're very stingy with their minced pork rice lol but again it's still good.
3	Service was great. We signed in, picked a number, and shortly after we were seated. This place is great for big families/parties. The hot pot bowl portions are big enough for two people.  The only bummer was the lack of meat. I had to order extra ribeye due to the lack of meat in their bowls.  The popcorn chicken was full of flavor but very fatty at the same time.  I prefer the traditional hot pots where they serve raw meat and vegetables on a plate and you cook it in the broth though.
5	I was sad to see New Day Cafe gone, since it was one of my favorite breakfast joints. I was intrigued by Pot Tea Social House.  I finally tried this place for the first time, and wow...loved it!!!! Friendly and helpful staff. Refreshing fruit n milk teas, and good hearty "hot pot" soups!! Seafood, vegetarian, and beef varieties. One pot feeds two!! Very reasonable and nice decor.  Definitely will be back!!
5	This is the best hot pot place ever. The quality of the meat and vegetables are so fresh. You can tell the broth was made very well. The service is good and the servers are easy to talk to. They make sure you get everything you need and they were helpful when I ordered my food. My favorite thing about pot tea is that they refill your hot pot with more broth!! The hot pot portion looks small but it can easily make two people full and satisfied. My bf and I made the mistake of getting each a hotpot and we couldn't even finish half of it(and we eat a lot too). I wish I could give this restaurant more than 5 stars.
3	This restaurant is new, clean, and nice. The service is great. Our waitress took time to explain the menu and show us the size of pot. We didn't have any appetizer. I had spicy beef pot and hubby had seafood tofu pot. All hotpot's price are $11.99 (except one). Although the presentation is neat but the broth tasted very plain. Actually, no flavor at all. I hope they have some kind of fish sauce or salt on the table. Not very good!
5	Perfect place for Hot Pot, good atmosphere, fast / friendly service and great prices. If you come between the hours of 11am - 2pm get a free tea.
5	I was actually surprised on how good it was. I haven't had pot tea ever. This was my first time and I can say, I will be back!
4	This place is perfect for people that love hot foods. I liked the way it was cooked and the presentation was cute. The fire burned a little more than I would have wanted, but the problem was easily solved by the workers putting out the fire. I ordered the lobster hot pot in mild spice and it was really good. The lobster didn't have much flavoring inside, but it balanced well with the pork broth added. The lobster took up most of the space, but it is perfect for lobster lovers!Next, I ordered the Japanese Miso pot in medium spice. It was tad bit spicy, but it was delicious. It becomes more spicy when it is boiling, so you can turn off the fire to make it less spicy. The service was nice and very friendly. I also got a stamp card! In addition, the pricing is good and on the cheap side. I would ask that they improve on the rice quality. Maybe a bit softer, I suggest. They have been open for three months now and I wish them much success in the future!
5	Friendly staff good services!Food is good but it's very spicy. I recommend getting mild if it's not spicy enough they will bring you some more soup.
4	good neighborhood hotpot place.one thing that sets this place apart from all the other hotpot places in the area is that it is a clean, arguably trendy place. this is probably the one and only hotpot place in the area where you can bring your gf on a "date." not a fancy date, but not a place with mismatched plates and bossy middle aged asian women giving you the stink eye.pros: presentation of hot pot is good. flavor is decent. maybe the best boba in the neighborhood?cons: service is a bit slow, which, i'm not sure why since all they serve is hotpot. shouldn't it be immediate? not the most flavorful. overall a good addition to the neighborhood. clean. decent. definitely coming back.
4	This opened not too long ago but I wanted to go ever since I saw the sign up. I finally got my chance!  I used to have Taiwanese food more often when I lived in CA. We started off with the fruit flavored green tea. I got passion fruit, hubby got strawberry. These were delicious!  Very sweet though. The flavor reminded me of Asian candy.  Like the bubblegum they sell at Sanrio. I had to pace myself since it was hot out!We got the chicken wings and popcorn chicken. From the looks of the apps, I would've assumed I'd enjoy the popcorn chicken more, but I liked the wings way more.  Our 2-year-old are most of the wings. Hubby got rib eye hot pot and I got seafood hot pot.  I really liked it. I did feel I needed to add lots of sauce to get more flavor, but I appreciated that it wasn't too salty. It was boiling (as expected). I wish they had a way to blow out the fire underneath the pot before it burns out on its own. Our daughter ate all the fish and tofu out of my pot and loved it. I like the picnic style tables. They make it easier for my kid to fidget. I wish they sold beer and wine. Maybe I'm a lush, but i do enjoy a beverage with my dinner. I'm sure the license is pricey, so I'm not mad about it. Service was great. They even come around asking if you'd like more soup. We didn't need more, but it was a nice touch. Then service went a little downhill at the end.  I don't know if it's our luck, or if it's an off-strip Vegas restaurant thing, but we always seem to get held hostage waiting for our check. I hate having to ask for it. Bachi Burger is the worst with this, so Pot Tea didn't seem like such a bad wait. We sat there maybe 20 minutes (we've waited almost an hour to pay the bill at Bachi before so I guess this wasn't too bad). All in all, I'd go back. Especially when it starts getting cold out.
4	Food: We ordered the chicken, which was so yummy. Reminded me of Chinese crispy pork flavor for some reason. I had the Japanese miso (spicy level medium). I thought it was a good sized portion with a variety of vegetables some seafood and pork. I had also ordered an extra side of beef, which I thought was also a good sized portion. If you like spicy, I didn't think that the medium level was that spicy either. Drinks: I got plain black tea which I loved. And my boyfriend got lychee tea which was sweet and super good! We also got the strawberry tea, which wasn't that sweet but it was alright. I liked the lychee tea the best. Service:The service was just alright. We had came later in the night around 9, so the server we had was pretty preoccupied with sweeping the floors.  Other than that, everything was great! Would definitely come back again!!
3	I came here for lunch with a few friends. We ordered a few differnt hot pots to share. We got the spicy seafood, a combination and also the lobster pot. The service was poor. There was plenty of girls working but all busy doing things other than attentive to customers. We had to waive them down for everything. Even with that, we didn't get service. They would knod their head then walk away. We ended up asking for the same thing 3 times before we got it. Once the food was delivered, we tried all 3 differnt pots. The broth all taste the same other than the spicy seafood being more spicy than the other pots. The broth was pretty bland. There wasn't that much meat/ seafood in any of the pots. It was mostly cabbage and veggies. Overall, it was pricy for cooked veggie soup.
4	The service was good. The individual hot pot was very tasty.  The pork rice that come with it was a great compliment to the hot pot.
5	The ambience at Pot Tea is warm and inviting. My husband and I came in for some shaved ice. It was sweet, creamy dreamy treat. The owners were very nice. They even sat down to chit chat with us. If you are looking for a place to relax and enjoy a good food come to Pot Tea Social House!
4	Coming from LA where there's hot pot places a plenty this place is pretty damn good. Most definitely up to par with some of the places back home like boiling point. The flavors were really good and the portion size was satisfying. I had the popcorn chicken too and that one was only aight. But hey can't have everything. It was still good enough to order again. Their drinks were exceptional and their service is really what makes this my new go to spot for hot pot. The restaurant is super clean too which is slightly different then the ones back home. Definitely try it out.
5	The service was as amazing as is the food. They add more broth for you free of charge! All soups were flavorfull as well! Def coming again when we are in vegas!
3	Pros; clean, quality-appearing food. Great selections. My husband is vegetarian/pescatarian so they were able to used veggie broth in his hot pot. With every pot you can get a green or black tea for free; either sweetened or not. Good service, they always checked back on us to make sure we were okay. There were maybe 2-3 other tables seated. I ordered a kimchee bowl. It had just the right amount of kick for me and I enjoyed my meal after adding soysauce and squeezed lemons.Cons: not much flavor to the broth; my husband had veggie broth so I'm not surprised. While I had beef broth and still kinda bland. I can taste the fat of the meat so I added soysauce and lemons. It was a little bit of work to eat- opening mussels while really hot/ shrimp.I had it for a late lunch and wasn't too impressed but come dinner time I was really craving it again, lol!
4	I love soup so I like this place but the broth can be a bit bland sometimes.  It's great if you love trying something new and healthy.  Overall satisfying food.
4	Fantastic addition to the neighborhood.  Restaurant is clean, decor is trendy.  Staff was very friendly.1 pot order is plenty, might be good for two.  Broth was extremely hot, and you can request to have the flame turned off.Cons are that service seemed a little slow, and the broth needed a tad more flavor.  They're kinda new so I'll give them a pass.  Hope it improves slightly, but it's not to get mad about.
5	Decided to try Pot Tea Social House. Was recommended by a friend since she posted some photos of the food here and looks very tasty. I came in with my family and we decided to order Popcorn Chicken and different variety of hotpots. I was very surprised that the food was very DELICIOUS and had some taste to it. I hope to come back soon to try the other hotpots!
3	I started off with their deep fried stinky tofu. It was my first time trying it so I don't have anything to compare it to. I just couldn't get over the stench. If I had a weak sense of smell, I could probably tolerate it. It tasted bland too. I didn't like the dipping sauce it came with either. I won't take off any stars for this dish because I anticipated that I wouldn't like the smell before I tried this dish. When it comes to delicacies, a lot of people don't like it the first time. Anyway, all hot pots are now $12.99 except for the lobster hot pot. I ordered the ribeye medium spicy. It wasn't that spicy. I should have gotten extra spicy. Something was missing in the flavor. I'm not sure exactly what was lacking but it was a little on the bland side. I like that I get my individual hot pot though. Depending on how much you eat, one hot pot is more than enough if you're a fatty or enough for two petite girls.I had to get dessert to cleanse my palate after trying stinky tofu. I ended my dinner with their strawberry, mango, condensed milk shaved ice topped with salted caramel. I wanted to like their specialty but unfortunately I ended up liking dessert the best. I can't complain about the service. It was excellent for an Asian place.
5	This restaurant would be an amazing spot in the winter when you need to warm up. That being said it was pretty amazing regardless. I had the veggie hot pot. They immediately explained that it was all veggie broth in this pot and asked if I'd like any other kind of broth to add flavor. I'm a vegetarian, but ok with broths so I asked for beef broth. The veggies were delicious. My only complaint is that the soup stays boiling the entire time, and it was so hot to eat when you just want to gobble it up. I also had the stinky tofu appetizer which came with a yummy dipping sauce, as well as a milk yea boba. The service was very attentive and the food was excellent as well as vegetarian friendly. I highly recommend it!
5	I love the vibe from this place. I can't wait for it to get a little colder so I can thoroughly enjoy hot pot. The owner, Wendy, is so nice and you can tell she definitely plays a large role in the day to day business of her restaurant. I'm a sucker for family owned business and she sure is doing it right. This place can get a little crowded during night time. try their tea latte, it's black tea with a scoop of salted caramel ice cream :) it's a life changer!
5	My wife and I ordered the ribeye hot pot. Parents ordered the seafood hot pot and we had the popcorn chicken for everyone. All dishes were delicious and the popcorn chicken was simply amazing. We will definitely be going back.
5	Great service, great food, great price, what more could a girl ask for?!I am completely obsessed with hotpot, and even more, obsessed with hotpot that offers stinky tofu!  my last meal on earth, i would ask for stinky tofu hands down.  Ordere the fried stinky tofu and the stinky tofu hotpot that comes with your choice of rice, vermicelli and something else (this is unusual as most other places charge extra for that).  Plenty of food, the broth is amazing, i got medium spicy, very manageable and delicious.  The waitresses were so attentive and sweet, really makes a place way more likable. They are always checking to make sure you have enough water, soup, and if you want the fire out- all VERY VERY important when having hotpot :)  will definitely be back again!
4	This place is great. Not only is it close to me, but it's super clean and has a variety of soup bases to choose from. My #1 favorite thing about this place is that it serves BOBA! It's so hard to find a boba tea place around this area.. Anyway, I always go with the classic Spicy Beef combination. This place is not stingy by any means. They always pack my hot pot with tons of veggies and meat. The soup is also packed with flavor, and the side of minced pork rice is YUMMY!The last time I went with friends, we also ordered the Lobster hot pot. There was a huge tail sticking out of my hot pot! It was so cool! But probably because the nature of it being in a hot pot, the tail eventually became overcooked and was chewy. But I can't complain.. it's a lobster tail, sitting in boiling hot soup for a long time.  Of course it'll be chewy.The only thing I can complain about is: #1 I am so used to eating hot pot with more variety in sauces.. like having sesame oil, minced garlic, a sweet asian bbq sauce.. etc.. I like to mix my own concoction for my sauce and this place doesn't give you that option. You only get the choice of one sauce, and soysauce. #1 complaint is.. I prefer my broth to be a bit sweeter. The broth at Pot Tea Social House is more on the salty side. But that's just a personal preference. My fiance loves salty, so he has no qualms about the broth at all!Overall, it's clean and tasty here. I will come back.. and HAVE been coming back!Boba and hot pot.. genius!
4	My new favorite restaurant. Great service people are always happy and smiling. My favorite is the seafood hotpot with rice and minced pork  seasoned with  their shrimp paste . What a mouth pleaser salty , spicy and yummy. I tried the lobster also but because of the hot soup and heat it was a little chewy . The beef hotpot was delicious too .  I love the enoki mushrooms. The stinky tofu was  not great I think it is an acquired taste and smell. My treat is the green tea with boba it comes in different flavors but I love green tea . I do request for less sweetener cause the tea tends to be a little too sweet. I took my niece and nephew here , they are from California n thy love it too nice cozy place to enjoy good food and company.
2	Food here is decent. Prices are okay as well. The owner, she's very nice and attentive. The service, on the other hand, is a joke. First server didn't know what room temperature water was. Second server we asked forgot. Also the hot pot we ordered came out without the fire underneath lit. If my wife didn't love hot pot so much i would've never gone there. She will probably still go but tonight was the last time for me.
5	This was my first time here and I really enjoyed myself.  I am looking forward to coming back.  The staff was as great as the food!
5	Great place!! Food was great, everything was yummy! My husband and I shared the Japanese seafood hot pot and side of Taiwanese sausage. Our kids shared popcorn chicken rice platter. Must try ground pork rice, was so flavorful. And the service was Amazing!! One of the best since moving to Las Vegas!
5	Food was enjoyable and servers were kind and very attentive. I had the #10 Sour Pickled Mustard with Lamb Pot. I like how it was served with the flame under the pot so it stays hot. No complaints! :)
1	The tea is good, but the food is not. All of the "fish" in the hot pots are artificial and tasteless. I will not eat here again nor do I recommend others to eat here.
5	Maya was excellent.  SHAVED ICE is sooooo good!! My husband and I shared it because it was humongous. We got strawberries with the salted caramel ice cream. It was great.
4	This is my favorite hot pot place in vegas. It kind of reminds me of Boiling Point in California. I always get the Japanese Miso Pot that is mild - and even the mild is a little spicy for me. You have an option between minced pork rice, regular rice, and vermicelli. My friends got the stinky tofu but they said "its not really stinky." I like to get either the popcorn chicken or the taiwanese sausage for appetizers. Their boba drinks are very good as well - not too sweet.
5	Me & my friend were really hungry. We both decided to eat here since we've never tried this restaurant out. I ordered the spicy beef bowl while my friend had the Japanese miso bowl. We ordered to have it medium spicy, but it was a little too spicy to the point where our noses were running & my friend's face started sweating, BUT it was definitely worth it! For an appetizer we ordered the Taiwanese popcorn chicken. For drinks, I had the lychee black tea w/ boba which was really yummy & my friend had the mango tea. The service was great as well! This restaurant is now one of my favorite places to eat!
5	If you're thinking about coming, no need to think further & just drive down here. This place is really the best. The hotpots are yummy with good broth & good veggies, meats, etc. I think this place would be good for winter since it's very hot when the pot comes out & a lot of steam is everywhere. The service is on point tho ! All the servers are super nice. Manager/owner Wendy is the sweetest. I haven't had like a lot of conversations with her but little things she says is really sweet & nice. Good food, good service - 5 stars.Come & try yourself :)
5	Awesome food. Awesome service. The popcorn chicken is a must to try. It's been close to 20 yrs since I tried stinky tofu, tried it at Pot Tea, wasn't disappointed. Going to bring some friends here next time. Two thumbs up.
3	5 stars for the service!Juni who is very attentive and asks us more than 3 times how we like the food and is there anything he can get for us!! 4.5 stars for the interior.Very clean, neat, and spacious environment to dine in. 3 stars for the food.Other than the popcorn chicken, other food is mediocre. The broth of hot pots is light, and the portion is poor.
5	Excellent customer service experience. This place is like California's Boiling Point chain, so if some of you know what I'm talking about, then you'll definitely appreciate the greater customer service at Pot Tea. We will come back just because of the excellent customer service because that's how big we are about it, especially when it comes to Asian restaurants. Food is good. We got the Stinky tofu hot pot and seafood hot pot. They were both really good. But the stinky tofu wasn't stinky enough. Lol. Fermented tofu isn't everyone's cup of tea so try at your own risk. Wish they had beer here. Lol. The popcorn chicken isn't bad. Everyone likes it so I would also recommend it. I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu!
4	Personal size hot pot. Starts at $12.99. Japanese Miso was delicious. I got medium spice and it was pretty spicy.  I liked it though.  We had to ask server to put our fire out so soup could cool down for us to eat. Complimentary green tea with meal :) Next best thing to Pho on a cold day! Would definitely come back:)
4	5 stars for service! Everyone is right, the service is spectacular here, such friendly staffs, always checking and refilling our water whenever needed. I am used to Boiling Point Taiwanese hot pot which is more spicier and flavorful. So I didn't enjoy the Taiwanese hot pot here since it lacked flavor. I also didn't enjoy the pork blood mixed with rice :(. However I have ought to try different flavor hot pots here :)I really really enjoyed the popcorn chicken! Yummmmmm.My friend had the rice with pork and it was delicious. Defiantly coming back because of the awesome service! :)
5	Like many other Yelpers, Pot Tea is compared to the Boiling Point in LA.  Not a bad thing to be compared to, if truth be told.   Both are very good, but different from each other.Set in a nice location with very friendly people, they do a good business, and have obvious repeat customers, including myself.All of the pots have a lot of food in them, they are full.  A lot of extras in there, they are not cheap about it at all.   Not especially spicy overall, but tasty, and they'll give you a huge bowl of spicy sauce if you ask.Popcorn chicken is awesome!Quite unlike Boiling Point, you will actually want to stay here for a while after your food, it has that atmosphere here.
2	***Highlights***: Chicken Wings are on point. I could eat the pork rice all day.Negatives: Its tough to say. There really is really no negatives that I have to write about this place. It just was just not my cup of tea. It is more of a personal preference sort of thing.Price/Food: The food is what really makes of breaks a restaurant for me. If the food is not that great, then the rest of it doesn't really matter much to me. The variety in a single meal was awesome. But my hot pot was bland to me, it really lacked flavor. Although I loved their chicken wings, and I loved their teas. Its one of those places you just need to try and experience for yourself. The person I was eating with, genuinely enjoyed it. But again, just not my cup of tea. If you are into quail eggs or tripe, this is the place for you.Service/Ambiance: Service was great. Very clean. Quiet and casual. Probably not for the kiddies, because of the open flame used to keep the hot pot boiling hot, but great for a weekday meal. Parking and location is really convenient. Easy to spot location.
4	Tea was decent.Food was decent.I'd almost want to give this a 5 star rating for being in the south west area, since not many other things like this exist there. But the food wasn't super amazing. I probably won't put this on my regular list of places to visit. But I'll give it 4 stars for location and decency.
4	Good alternative to pho, I've had different kinds of shabu shabu this to me is mediocre. Popcorn chicken is also mediocre same stuff you get from boba tea houses. Good thing the prices are not outrageous
4	Went here to eat hot pot. Although I thought it was family style, they actually had pre made pots on the menu that everyone can individually order. I got the the Taiwanese spicy pot and it was pretty good. It lacked a little bit of meat so I would suggested adding it. My friend got he lobster pot and it seemed worth it! The pots are pretty big, so if you don't eat much you can probably share. Service was quick and efficient!
2	This review is based off of one visit. Due to my first experience I unfortunately I won't be giving this place another try. My boyfriend and I got the rib eye hotpot (which was suggested as their most popular hotpot) and the Taiwanese popcorn chicken plate. The chicken plate was a lot more measly than expected. Chicken was good but not a fabulous chicken to rice ratio.What disappointed me most was the rib eye hotpot. Looked delicious and boiling hot when brought out. First of all there was no rib eye, but rather brisket. We were given non spicy when mild was ordered, although the waiter was very accommodating in bringing out extra spices for us to add to our liking. Never order the hot pot not spicy. It was the most flavorless soup ever. Tasted like water flavored by what was added into our soup (brisket, corn, imitation crab, squid, vegetables). VERY Minute amount of flavor even when we dumped in a whole bowl full of spiced oil and peppers. This lack of flavor was a huge turn off for me. Service was exemplary though.. So a star for that!TLDR: hotpot lacked flavor. Was not tasty enough to try again any time soon. Good service.
5	Good good, excellent service. Servers are very attentive, they gave me a warm welcome since I walked it. Clearly guide me thur the menu. Food taste good, reasonable pricing. 5 Stars.
5	I have had my shares of Taiwanese hot pot and popcorn chicken and Pot of Tea's food in general is made with fresh ingredients with no mosh. The broth is clear and tasty made from your perfected choice of hot pot ingredients.  The popcorn chicken batter is light filled with traditional Taiwanese flavors. Also, the teas are not heavily sweeten like most tea house too. The ambiance us nice and clean and attentive staff.  I am very satisfied with my overall experience. :)
4	I'm from LA so I couldn't help but compare with Boiling Point in the 626 when I came here. Pot Tea was good and cheap but I think I like BP better. We arrived a little before 5pm on Saturday (12/27/14) and it was empty! I was scared because I chose this location for my boyfriend's family to try since I love hot pot. They ended up enjoying it so yay! Unlike BP's hour wait, we had no wait here. Perfect. A lot more people arrived after us and the place began to fill up. FOOD:My bf and I had the ($20) Lobster Hot Pot. It was good. The shells were pre-cracked so it was easy to open (I think). He didn't let me open it. We got minced pork rice with it, but I wish all the pots came with noodles already like BP. He can't handle spicy, so they gave me a spicy soup base on the side. Nice! So I adjusted the spiciness in my bowl to my liking. Unless you're really hungry, one pot is good enough to share between two people. They refill your broth if you need it. His parents has the rib-eye hot pot and they seemed to enjoy it. Price is actually a bit cheaper than BP. Popcorn chicken was yummy. Needed a dipping sauce though. SAUCE:The two sauces are a Ponzu sauce and a chili bean paste(?) sauce. They were good but I like BP's side sauces better. TEA: SO GOOD! I'm spoiled by LA's tea shops, but I enjoyed this. I got the lychee black tea and it was delicious. I believe the waitress said their tea were imported from Taiwan(?). BF got mango green tea and it was yummy but I liked my choice better. His dad got a tea latte and it looked really good. Wish I got to try it!SERVICE:Service was wonderful. Since we were first and it was less crowded, service was very attentive and nice. The waiter and waitress were really helpful since it was our first time there. She explained things thoroughly and said we could sub things in our hot pot if we wanted, which is something you can't do at BP! The Filipino waiter said something to me in Tagalog (possibly thank you) because I guess I blended in with my bf's family haha. He was very polite to my bf's parents. Basically, they were great! It was a different experience from LA's Boiling Point; I enjoyed it. Loved the no wait!! Like the other reviewer said, they're both different and they're both good. And don't forget a stamp card if you're a Vegas local!
3	My boyfriend reeeeally enjoyed the fried chicken wings...other than that, this place was alright.
5	Such a great service!! Food is so delicious!! I have been here twice and both time they have such a an excellent service and everyone here are very friendly it like family!!!Especially Wendy who is so family oriented!!! I definitely will be back again.
3	This place was ok, but it's not really hot pot, everything is precooked, then put into the pot, the only reason to have the fire on underneath is for show. It's a bit expensive for what you get. Food was delicious and fresh, but nothing really wowed me.
3	This place was pretty good. I believe it was a little overpriced for what you get.I tried the steak the lobster the lamb hot pots they were decent. Appetizers were good and Boba drink were good too.
3	Do not be fooled by their beautiful #1 lobster pot. Almost everything in the pot was really good but that lobster was not. There's no telling just how long that little thing was in the freezer before it made it inside my face, but it tasted like ages. The rice and broth were yummy and veggies were fresh. The popcorn chicken was delightful yet super duper salty. I loved my passion fruit green tea but my mate says his milk tea was sub-par. The hot pots were cute and their presentation is pretty and clean. Very nice and attentive wait staff, but a strange atmosphere that didn't quite match the food they were serving. Not sure if I would go here again, but we enjoyed ourselves.
