3	This is one of the most popular places at every local event @ downtown taste & sound of soul they had a 1+ hour long line.The do alot of catering and their big red smoker/cooker is a familiar site.Their storefront is  located on N Las Vegas Blvd near the Silver Nugget in the Food 4 Less Shopping center.Best Mac n Cheese anywhere. BBQ is good & cheap $5 lunch specials. Great beans with links, kinda sweet though.Another competitor at the 1st annual charity bbq battle.
4	Just by walking up to this place, I was able to tell that the food here was made with love. While the orders got churned in, I was able to see a team inside doing their specialty, like clockwork.  I caught myself licking my lips in a daze as I watched them handle their food.I came up to the order window hungry. Conveniently, their large size for meat orders is called "starvin," which fit my particular needs at the time. I was here to make an order for the family, so I made sure to order plenty:Beef Brisket - Not as tender as I'd like, but still good. Comes smothered generously in their tangy BBQ sauce.Rib Tips - These were also decent. They didn't blow my mind, but they hit the spot for what I was craving for.Fried Catfish - I'd have to say these were the highlight of my meal. Crispy, meaty, and well-seasoned. At $6/lb, I'd go here just for an order of these.Fried Okra - The fried okra was also a hit with myself and the family.Mac N Cheese - Better than average, but not the best I've ever had. Still a worthy side to order. Altogether the meal came up to around $38. For the price, I was very satisfied with my feast, seeing that it generously fed 6 people to the point of bursting. I could definitely see myself coming back when I'm in the area for some local BBQ lovin'.Note - They also offer plenty of lunch specials around the $5 spot, which is a very good value on some solid BBQ.
3	Made a random stop here after visiting the Food For Less in the same lot.  Noticed the drive through line was really long, and their little parking lot was pretty full, so I figured something had to be good about it.The drive through has no menu, only until you get up to the window do you see a menu sort of written on the window.  We ordered mac & cheese, corn bread, and a pulled pork sandwich and 2 sides of fries.  They told us to pull to the side and they would bring it out.  We waited about 20 minutes, which sucked because I was starving, but they were very polite.They failed to give me my corn bread :-( Even though the guy repeated our order as he handed it to us.  But oh well.  The mac & cheese was amazing.  I was very pleased with it.  My boyfriend also enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich, and I had a bite and thought it was pretty good too.  Overall a nice little BBQ joint if you want food that tastes like it was made from home and at a really decent price.  Only $11 bucks for everything.  Would recommend (if you happen to be on this side of town)
4	Its not much to look at but the pulled pork bailout is delicious. The two options are bailout or starving and the bailout was plenty unless you starving!The smoker is in back and it is quite a contraption so make sure you take a peak. There is only one table to sit at so you might want to plan on taking your food with you but my Pulled Pork was tender and delicious and the smell this place emits just keeps making you want your food soon.Collard greens and slaw equally good.
4	Food is good, excellent even, portions are generous. We ordered a rack of ribs, which were seasoned and smoked just so good, and some of the pulled pork both of which were on par with anything that I've had from the deep south.  The fish sandwich that me daughter had must've been good, she didn't want to share, and she's a picky eater.  The fried okra; great!   Customer service on the other hand is  non- existent, must be a foreign to the workers there..  I called ahead and was told it'll be ready in 10 mins, I even took my time, when I got there there was a line of 3 people in front of me, it took me 30 mins to get me order.  They too were  picking up their meals.  So they are really disorganized.
4	Jamming out to some Bob Marley while sitting on the back of my car in the gentle heat of a North Las Vegas May afternoon.  The styrofoam container on my lap had a catfish po'boy and fries in it, I was ready to enjoy life.  In a truffle'd Man n' Cheese, high-stakes, no-limit, Wagyu beef, neon town, it's wonderful to see something that's real and wholesome.  H & H BBQ Pit Stop is a small walk-up/drive thru BBQ joint in the parking lot of a Food-4-Less.  Near the window where you place your order, there are a few picnic tables to sit at, and some huge smokers coating the surrounding area in mouthwatering smoke and charcoally goodness.   The people here are doing BBQ the way it should be done.  The menu features all the hits, from Ribs, rib tips, and links, to pulled pork, cat fish, and burgers.  The prices are great (for $10) you get enough food to put you right to sleep when you get back to work.  On my most recent visit I had the Catfish po'boy and fries combo ($5).  The catfish was golden brown and tasty,  but I wish the po'boy had more on it than just catfish.  It could have used some lettuce, tomato, and some type of mayo-based sauce.  The fries were salty in the best way.  I love escaping work and getting back to BBQ basics.  Enjoying a nice lunch outside while listening to music is a perfect way to break up the day.
4	Had a good experience here great food and they have kool aid so I thought it was great.... They give you a ton of food for a great price and the BBQ sauce is rea;;y good also. The only down side is they only have outside seating and with heat it is blazing hot in las Vegas and it takes a little long to get the food but other than that it's a great place for BBQ.
4	A little different as far as the building; No sit down area. But don't let that stop you..good food; Excellent fried catfish..yum.
3	After waiting to order for a few minutes and having to deal with the homeless man begging at the stand, I ordered pork ribs. The ribs were presented to me in a go to box and were positioned nicely so the sauce didn't spill out while I walked back to the car. I opened the box and the smell was heavenly. I took a bite and was pleased that the ribs were nice and tender, they were very saucy though. The one thing I was disappointed about was after the flavor of the sauce went away the ribs were bland. All in all not a bad rib, I just wanted something to savor on my pallet after the sauce went away.
4	I discovered H&H by driving around and smelling the smoker. We went on a hot July day for lunch. This was the best BBQ we'd had since Florida. The clientele was a constant parade of locals. They even gave me a hard time for trying to use utensils. Barbacue is meant to be messy. Very flavorful and more than we could eat.
4	Very tender ribs, catfish was also very good. Peach cobbler had good flavor but a little too sweet for me. Potato salad was ok. Hubby enjoyed yams and mac n cheese. Unfortunately they ran out of food early on Sunday afternoon. Definitely worth the stop.
3	its some very good food especially on the weekend.
1	Called to place on order over the phone and as soon as I said i'd like to call in a carry out, the bitch hung up the phone and then disconnected it so every time I called back for 25min or so it was just a dead busy tone that I got. I've been here numerous times in the past 5 years or so and followed them from their location that was inside a gas station to their new location and each time, though the food delicious, horrible attitudes and just shitty customer service pretty much each time at this new location and today just topped it off. Only reason I'm here is because I was excited they had a groupon as their meals can get quite pricey when you're ordering for 2 or more, and I'm pretty sure this will be my last trip until they get their shit straight. I'm a server on the strip so I know how the game works, and good food isn't going to be enough to keep this place afloat. Maybe, since I'm mixed half black, if I was a dark skin tone than my white looking skin, they'd treat me better as my black mother has never had a problem with their attitudes as I've constantly complained about. Oh well, get better, happier and more friendly employees and I'll come back and spend my money here.
1	The collards were so salty i had to throw them away. the mac n cheese was mush n cheese. the brisket tough tough tough. the peach cobbler was the only thing good. the rest was trash. i was very disappointed because this food used to be good.
4	Ok there is no denying that the food here is delicious, (expensive but amazing), but the customer service is horrible. The guy who took my order looked like he was about to jump the counter and beat me lol my sister and I were scared to go ask him for napkins. They are really careless on the way that they package the food and worst part is that we were there before the lunch hour so what gives! I'll probably end up going again only because the food is that good
4	Best Soul Food in town! I love H&H been a fan since 2008 and i love there BBQ, i could say one of the best bbq ive ever had.. i gave them a four star because i think they need to make this place a little bigger, like a restaurant style, you order thru the window and they only have few seats outside. I think they should renovate this place so i can just here and not to take the food home... but im sure youll enjoy there food .. :)
3	Risked my life for some BBQ last night...and my groupon was about to expire :p. Got out of my car and I could smell the smoker outside working some magic.  It took about 10 min before my order was taken, since disorganization seems to be going inside....i know some of the other reviews state the ladies working here are mean, but I thought they seemed nice and polite. This place is in a slightly shady part of town...evidenced by the guy in front of me asking for his order as quick as possible since he was on house arrest and couldn't be out for too long :(  I ordered the pork ribs...and I wouldn't order it again....dry and tough.  However the bright shining star of this BBQ pit is the beef brisket.  The most tender brisket I've ever had and smothered in a tangy, sweet BBQ sauce that has a kick at the end.  I would dare say I will risk my life and come down here again just for the brisket...well maybe during daylight hours next time.
5	The food was DELICIOUS!!!!!I, too, like a couple of others mentioned, was a tad scared in that area. But, I think the food was worth the risk.
4	My oh my! Can you say delicious! Can you say authentic! My husband and I ordered the half slab of ribs which were plentiful, seasoned and sauced well. The pulled pork and hot links were amazing. The mac and cheese was extra cheesy and the greens were like my grandma made it! Don't forget the banana pudding because it made me smile from start to finish!
4	If you happen to be strolling down Las Vegas boulevard in good ole Nortown and start to jones for some BBQ, you're in luck. H&H BBQ is ready to fulfil your BBQ desires. Stroll up to their window to make your order and sit at their picnic table out front if you want to embrace the Nortown atmosphere. You gotta love it!!! I've tried these guys twice now. I'll have to give them the benefit of the doubt on this one.This time around I got the 3 meat combo with two sides for $16.99. Hot links, BBQ chicken, beef brisket, mac n cheese, and potato salad with a rock solid cornbread. I like these folks. They give you really nice portions. I had a nice amount of leftovers afterwards and I was full. That's always a good sign when testing new BBQ establishments.Let's start off with their BBQ sauce. Sweet but not spicy. I like eating BBQ with a little spice, although the sauce did taste delicious during my feeding. To fix that, their hot links was there to save the day. I would just eat a piece of their delicious spicy hot links after every other bite to neutralize the situation. Next is their brisket. It tasted good and tender. There wasn't anything wrong there. No brisket was left on my plate. Now to the subject in question. The BBQ chicken seemed like it was left in the smoker a little too long. Kind of dry so I had to sauce it up a scoach. I had a lot of leftover sides and I only took one bite out of the rock solid cornbread. CRIPES!!! I should have gotten the side of delicious sweet yams that they serve instead. The winners this time around were the hot links and the beef brisket. GREAT SUCCESS!!!In the end I had to ask myself if I would go here again... Yes I would. It's not too far off from the work place and they give you big portions. Not stingy at all when serving the good people of Las Vegas. EYE LIKA!!!!!!
5	Had the porkchops smothered plate and wow softest porkchops i have ever eaten everything tasted great. Great mac and cheese and cornbread and rice
3	The beef tips were not great; the corn muffin was super dry and I thought the fries were soggy and cooked more like potato wedges. Over all, I don't think I will get these items again. I may come back to try and beef briskets.
4	I love coming here.  Coming from Hawaii and staying at the Boyds properties is great, but I get tired of eating buffets.I found this place from driving around.  If there is a line of people.. Something must be good.This is in north las vegas.  Not the best part of town.  U definitely  feel a social economic change when we pass "skid row" a little past the children's discovery center. Back to this BBQ place.  Collard greens, sweet potatoes, ribs.. All yummy.Highly recommend!  I hope u enjoy also.
5	Food is great. Now, they have smoked party wings! Awesome.
5	Excellent as allways, Smotherd Pork Chops, Party Wings. Yams are good enough for desert. I can't say I've ever had anything there that wasn't really good.
5	Fulfills your every bbq desire. I didn't walk away disappointed. I wanted to try everything even they came to central Oregon. Omg I HIGHLY RECOMMEND h&h bbq. Great service, scrumptious & amazing tasting as well. Worth every dime! I can't wait to go back tomorrow and try something different. Good bbq made with love for sure. :-)!! I wish we had one in Oregon! They can't leave me. Lol. Anyone walking by this place in Vegas u must try them!!! You'll regret it if you don't! Good prices to! :-)
3	Some very good Q here! This is a perfect situation where 3.5 stars would be perfect on Yelp! We have been here five or six times and it is always consistent, and we do return every time it is lunch time and we are over that way.
1	This place has fallen waaaay off. I used to love it and recommend to anyone wanted BBQ or soul food. Customer Svc is bad. 3 x in a row I had a terrible experience. 3 strikes I'm out. 1st bad visit they had no white meat chicken, so I had to wait an hour (I called my order in, ahead...) so when I got there after an hour, they were still out!!!  U would think they would put my order aside, but noooo!!!  I had to wait another HOUR. I WANTED IT SO BADLY I JUST LEFT AND RETURNED.  I finally got my BBQ chicken...and it was undercooked and still bleeding :-{ I think they rushed it since I have been making a fuss and waiting so long!I called and they said to bring it back and they will replace it...well they had no more white meat so I had to come another day, while refrigerating the u done chicken, so I could bring it back to them. NIGHTMARE! and no compensation for the huge inconvenience. 2nd bad visit...they were out of brisket. Just out?  No brisket?  A huge part of the everyday menu?  Food for Less is in the same parking lot...can't send anyone to purchase meat?  Anyway, I want what I want and they didn't have it, so busted trip. 3rd bad visit in a row...came a whole different random day w my brisket craving...out of brisket AGAIN!!!  I'm done!Oh yea, and the cornbread is not sweet like I prefer.
5	Wow! Very impressed! The BBQ is very good with a nice smoke flavor. The rub is perfect, not too salty or spicy. The sauce was both sweet and savory. This is very good BBQ. The macaroni and cheese was a little greasy but very good. What stood out to me was the banana pudding. I wasn't expecting it to be really good but I was pleasantly surprised! It was very sweet and had a good texture. Side note: Kool-aid is a drink that you can buy on the menu. I don't know if this is everywhere or just in Vegas but I chuckled when I saw it on the menu!
1	I used to L-O-V-E this place. The food was great and the service was friendly. I recommended it to all of my friends who wanted some good bbq. I have given this place, not one, not two, not three, but SIX chances. Each time I left swearing to never go there again...then I would crave their food (I ate it pretty much once a week for years since I live down the street) and I'd give them another try. ..and regret it. I think this place used to be a family-run business but they have since hired people who either don't know or don't care what they are doing. First of all, the food is very hit-or-miss. Much more miss these days. The cornbread which used to be fluffy and moist now tastes and feels like cardboard. The sweet potatoes are never cooked all the way through. The brisket (which they have been out of the past 6 times I have been there- all at different times of the day - no joke) used to be delicious/smoky/have great texture but is now not only never available, but also cut thin and overall tastes/feels like something you would buy at a grocery store deli. They used to serve kool-aid, which i thought was kind of neat (tastes like childhood) but they have also mysteriously been out of kool-aid the past 6 times I have gone there. Really? Big kool-aid shortage in North America? I have stopped by there twice during their posted business hours on the window and no one was there. The last time I went there I arrived 30 minutes before they were about to close. I knew they wouldn't have brisket but I figured I could grab some chicken or pork. The lady, all huffy, opens the window and says "We're about to close". I say "Ok, well the sign says you are open for another 30 minutes." She says "Well I can give you food but it is going to be cold, we already turned everything off." What the what? I left and I will never be back. You couldn't pay me to go back to this place, and I literally drive by it every day.
