5	Awesome Pain Management practice with great doctors.
1	I scheduled an appointment with the Dr. He never came in. The PA came in for 5 minutes. He barely did a physical exam. Never even tested for reflexes! Complained to the office manager. Had to track her down and keep calling to reach her. Horrible practicioners and patient service. I found another Dr. Complete different attitude. She did a complete physical exam and spent time with me. Never go to AZ Center for Pain!!!
1	After almost 2 years of going monthly to see dr groves office, and trying to cope with vindictive office staff (whom u know if u are a professional pt due to a chronic health problem can really ruin your day) I finally am through. After dr grove appeared after waiting for 45 minutes due to medical assistants bungling and because I complained once again about office staff trying to sell me excuses that r obviously confabulated to shut you up I.e  why my insurances r not paying their office, but everyone else's, so I have co-pays that I ended up paying just to stop banging my head on the wall. Then the good Dr. Suggested I was schizophrenic, and to stop badgering his staff and to just go along......Our appointment ended then 4 minutes in I could not agree to get along and he walked out.  I waited another half an hour as the nursing assistant gave me the wrong prescription growled at me and finally got them right.I'll miss Brittany PA :( .
1	I have been to the clinic many times over the last five years or so and I was always pleased before this last year. I am sorry to say the service here has gone straight downhill as it is an office that cares more about covering their you know what than the patient.  I am very fond of Dr Rubin, but you can't even get into to see him any longer as all he does are the surgical procedures - I know because I asked.  While the staff is friendly, the system they have in place does not work. Drug tests are done without disclosing costs, billing quotes aren't even close to what is owed, and the many times I requested help and clarification on it all I was passed from person to person to person. Staff forgot to call me when they had authorizations from my next procedures, their medication system is run like everyone is a drug addict, and their is just no doctor patient relationship development what so ever. If even took me about a month to get them to release me back to my original doctor so he could manage my pain and my meds.  I strongly advise you to find another pain management clinic.
5	I am shocked to read such negative reviews about this clinic.  After my original PM doctor retired, I had a really hard time trying to find a new doctor and clinic I trusted and felt comfortable with.  Before finding this clinic, I had other doctor's prescribing me all sorts of different things and trying to do all sorts of medical procedures that I had already had done and knew didn't work.  Dr. Rubin and Aaron told me up front that these procedures would not help my condition and decided on another course of treatment.   I see Aaron(PA) and he is always very professional, courteous and supportive.  I have never had a problem getting an appointment and I have never waited more than 10 minutes past my appt. time.  The staff is super friendly and the office very efficient.
4	I want to thank Arizona Center for Pain Relief, initially they were guarded which is understandable when dealing with Narcotics, their licenses are at risk, but I can't Thank Brittany Jones enough for believing in me, and helping me through some rough times, initially with back and leg muscle and bone pain, and then having been diagnosed with Cancer she has sat and listened and made recommendations, not giving up to make me comfortable, the staff have been very courteous and don't pass judgement, if they do they don't show it, they all have been so kind and helped when I was sick and dehydrated they gave me IV Flds, and were very attentive, DR Grove you should be very pleased with your office staff, health care givers, your nurse and especially Brittany, Thanks for helping me have a better quality of life, and working with me not giving up, and being there when I need you!  Thank you  for believing in me  Brittany you deserve recognition along with your co-workers for respecting me as a person and not a drug seeker.
2	While the end solution may work, the service and attention to its patients is not very good. I have been going to them for over two years and the typical wait time is over 45 minutes regardless of whether its a PA visit or a Dr. treatment/procedure. I finally walked out today after waiting 50 minutes and when they called me to ask where I was I said I left and was done with waiting. They said: "ok, thank you." The amount of patients will never get smaller as our society ages, so when they lose a patient it does not really affect their bottom line. Too bad that their service is so poor. I am looking for a new center.
