4	At the farmer's market on Saturday I saw this shiny yelp postcard with reviews on Butter and Me in her booth (which she supports but the business belongs to Kelly Garcia :-)).....using Yelp as my compass to navigate this next week I had a looksy at her wares... and me like lots!!  Her breakfast cookies are brilliant and have everything I ever wanted in them: dried cherries, oatmeal cookie, nuts.. and oh yes APPLE WOOD BACON. Her specialty is melding the sweet and savory and she does that with ease. There were some homemade marshmallows that looked delectable but I needed to pace myself. She also provides goodies for Crudo Cafe.
4	Wow !! Today I got to meet Tracey Dempsey and try her cocoa shortbread,  this was the highlight of my trip to the Scottsdale Farmers Market...I am so impressed with her homey sweets I can't wait to get more at Crudo and Oakville Grocery .
5	I'm about to make a claim, and I promise you, this is no exaggeration, and I am not being overly dramatic. This was the most unexpected upset in my "best desserts ever" list. Tracy Dempsey Originals Tangerine Coconut Macaroon basically obliterated anything else I had on my list in the past.It was an unremarkable Tuesday evening, when I stopped by the Phoenix Public Market to pick up some ingredients to make dinner for a friend. As I stood in line waiting for my turn to pay, my eyes wandered straight to the desserts in the glass case. From the bottom up, I took in the brownies, the blondies, the raspberry almond bars, the lemon bars... Meh...Then I looked up, at the top shelf in the case and saw this neat little arrangement of two types of macaroons: Mexican Chocolate and Tangerine Coconut. I love chocolate, but I'm a sucker for coconut. Funny enough, I'd never tried french-style macaroons before. Only the typical "ball of coconut" macaroons you can get at Whole Foods in those little two-bite tubs.My mind was made up before I could even think about talking myself out of it. Oh, yes, I would be having a Tangerine Coconut macaroon tonight.  So this macaroon. This masterpiece. It was about four inches in diameter and almost two inches thick. The two delicate meringue cookies (top and bottom), glimmered with a dusting of sugar, and were bursting with a sweet citrus flavor. When I bit into the macaroon, it was soft but crisp, flaky but chewy... oh my god, so hard to describe. How did she do that?The filling was sweet but not overly rich, made with cream cheese, sugar and shredded coconut. I don't know if they're supposed to be eaten cold/chilled, but this one was, having come straight from the refrigerated display case. It was perfection.With every bite, crumbs and flakes flew everywhere, and I was doing my very best so as not to waste a single crumb. It took me forever to eat this thing... I dragged out the experience as long as possible, and I'm telling you, it was damn near orgasmic. Each bite was better than the last. And then it was all gone. And I sat there, buzzed and euphoric.I will be perfectly content if for every birthday until the day I die, I get one of these macaroons with a candle on it, instead of a cake. And I won't share it, that's for sure.Tracy Dempsey, you've spoiled me for all macaroons that come after yours in my life. I doubt any other will ever compare.
5	Anything Tracy touches turns to sweet gold. It's true. She has the chocolate touch. I could continue with sugar coated puns but that could take all night. Not only is Tracy herself as sweet as her treats, but her baked goods are freshly made and melt in my mouth. I've enjoyed her sweets from local spots such as Citizen Public House, Arcadia Farms Market Place, Smeeks and the Downtown Phoenix Public Market and she also offers made-to-order treats from her public kitchen. Her caramels and chocolates are delicious and her desserts are scrumptious. Are you a sassy sugar eater? Then try her bacon pecan brittle. It's savory meets sweet but in a good way. Mmmm. I plan on ordering several holiday treats from her this Christmas season and I like her sweets because they are reasonably priced as well.
5	Tracy Dempsey's cakes get 5 stars, but a lot of desserts do. What's unique is that her service, attitude, assistants and every other aspect imaginable also earn 5 stars. I called 3 days before my wedding for emergency rescue of our dessert plans. Tracy answered on the first ring. She counseled me on serving size, flavor popularity, and more. We hit it off on the phone, and my anxiety over the near disaster went away in the span of 10 minutes. She uses PayPal - super easy! My friend stopped by her kitchen near Priest on University to pick up our Red Velvet, Amaretto and plain cheesecakes. Everything was ready as promised. And the service was quick and efficient. Our guests raved about the food at our wedding, especially the dessert. For aficionados: The cheesecakes are more creamy than dry and the red velvet crumb is deliciously thick. She does add translucent sugar sprinkles, which are pretty, but unconventional, and they add an unexpected crunch to some bites. Tracy uses locally sourced and organic ingredients when she can. She tells us she likes Singing Dog vanilla which is a fair trade organic product from Oregon. She noted it is from beans from Indonesia, where she grew up, so she has an affection for it as well as a shared commitment to the company's ideals. Her desserts and treats are served in wonderful restaurants all over Scottsdale and Tempe and we have enjoyed them at a few:  House of Trix, Nook, The Stockyards, Crudo, Cafe Boa, and Changing Hands Bookstore. Tracy assures us she welcomes event business and phone calls for small orders as well as visits to her pop up retail stores when she runs seasonal promotions.
