4	A new location for this Pizza chain that's spreading like Starbucks all over Charlotte, where pepperoni's used to be in Park Road Shopping Center.Great pizza, thin crust with a delicious tomato sauce, not too big, thick or greasy, perfect and left me hungry for more.  Pepperoni was really good, and their wings are great, but if you like them hot maybe go for a level or two above the hot rating, cause they were a little mild in my book, but tasty none the less.  a great place to grab dinner for two to go and veg out by the tube gnawing on wings and chomping on pizza....brew in hand...which reminds me they also have a couple beers for sale here to.
1	Charlotte is obsessed with Fuel Pizza, and I have yet to figure out why.  The first time I ate there, we picked up our order and took it home. I had an Asian salad which was mostly tasteless iceberg lettuce with a delicious asian dressing. Unfortunately, they don't offer this dressing anymore, so that's a big strike against them.  I also had 2 garlic knots, which were alright, but I was expecting them to be a little more moist (read buttery).  The second time, we ate at the restaurant, and I ordered a piece of veggie pizza and a salad. The salad was once again disappointing, so that's the last time I will ever order a salad.  The pizza slice was large, and I ate most of it, but I much prefer Papa John's or even a homemade pizza (where it doesn't look like it was sitting out for a while).  The atmosphere at this location is nice.  I could definitely be comfortable watching a game or two there, especially upstairs, which is where we ate.
1	No sandwiches, no non-dairy pizza options, just pizza and calzones.  The upstairs is definitely cool but I wouldn't be going back for the food.
1	Stopped in with family from out of town for the 'voted best in town'?  The food was old, we waited for fresh, it was really just old reheated to look like new.  The place was empty and the Carolina Panthers were playing....we were the only people there. Bathroom was disgusting...went over to Blackhawk to use theirs.
3	First time I've been to - or even noticed - this location, where Godfather's used to be in the Park Road Shopping Center (yes, Godfather's was there prior to Pepperoni's).The Fuel Pizza makeover is pretty well complete, with the standard old-style gas station signs, even some pumps out front.  But inside, it's about normal: half a dozen pre-made pizzas, waiting for you to choose which one you want, which they will then reheat (as previously mentioned).Fuel Pizza isn't great, isn't bad, and it will do in a pinch.  One nice thing is that around the holidays, they do a create-your-own dough ornament for kids.  Kinda neat.
3	Average pizza, neither NY thin crust nor Chicago deep dish, they have a decent $5 lunch special. I chose the "A" which is one of the "specialty" slices, one cheese slice and one garlic knot. Good flavor and consistency. The "Hawaiian" had the right amount of pineapple and ham; the plain cheese was garlicky and had some oregano in the sauce. It wasn't great, but it was better than the usual fast food offerings from Wendy's and McD's nearby.They do delivery - I saw one of their people taking a red bag out to his car.Would I come here again? Maybe.
4	I'm impressed with this Pizza - Mozzeralla, Provolone blend, just enough provolone to make it enhanced - The Service was Excellent!  In the past I have been unimpressed with this place... Yesterday they were ON!!!
4	Fuel Pizza gets four stars from me because their pizza is decent (as far as Charlotte pizza goes...) but their customer service is outstanding. I recently hosted a birthday party for my twins here. 25 six year olds. You wish you were there, I know. My twins love pizza. Sadly, my daughter has celiac disease so she rarely gets to enjoy pizza when she is out and about or at a classmate's birthday party. Fuel Pizza offers kids' birthday parties - upstairs in the loft - and gluten free pizza - the perfect combination.If you have tried to plan a b-day party in this area you might be astounded at the cost per child. Bowling? 20 bucks or so per child... Monkey Joe's? Don't even ask. Fuel Pizza? About 5 buckaroos per kid. You can't beat it. The best part ... the children are not at your house. Priceless. Fuel pizza parties are very inexpensive and very hands-off. They will give the kids a tour of the kitchen, put them in the walk-in, show them the gigantic mixers and describe the ingredients in the pizza. After the tour, the kids will actually get to make their own pizzas - our waitress brought up one large pizza for every 4 kids and they were able to put on sauce, cheese, and pepperoni. My daughter's table got their own special gluten free pizza with separate ladles and spoons to avoid cross-contamination. I was impressed. If you plan to have a party here, I recommend you bring some type of craft or activity to do with the kids or you will certainly have chaos while the pizza is cooking and cooling. We decorated aprons with fabric markers for the kids to take home as their "thanks-for-coming-take-home." We were also able to bring our own cake and the kitchen brought us a knife to cut it. I really can't recommend this venue enough! A great alternative to the high-spending birthday party madness.
4	Not a huge fan of their pizza, but the Chicken Parmesan Calzone is delicious, and their service is excellent!
3	This is for this location's delivery service and food. I like variety in pizza and Fuel is a good choice. Their website could be a bit more user friendly, but after orienting yourself it gets the job done. I like that they offer wheat crust (many of the other pizza delivery places don't have this available). The delivery service is pretty fast and the drivers are friendly. Place an order and enjoy!
3	Fuel pizza may not offer the best pizza overall but I do feel like they offer the better Americanized version of pizza. The super pepperoni, or whatever is my favorite. My only bad experience was when I ordered a Margarita, I opened the box and it looked like someone made the pizza then dumped a whole basil plant on it. The park road location is my favorite because its so big, never feel cramped like I do with the Central location.
5	With respect to Charlotte pizzerias, Fuel is as good as you'll find.  The crust is substantial, as opposed to typical New-York-style pizza joints that seem to make their crust from the same stuff they do their boxes.  The sauce is smooth, so if you want tomato chunks, order them as toppings.  Meats are great and flavorful, and most importantly, it's hard to get them to grease it up, no matter what you put on it.  No dabbing or pouring oil, and no soggy, droopy slices.  Wings are flavorful and large, as are the calzones.  I can't speak to the salads, because I don't go to pizza places for rabbit food.Finally, service is phenomenal and friendly, regardless of whether they're turning tables or if you're there at an oddball time.  Atmosphere is mellow, and prices are very reasonable, particularly for quick, by-the-slice lunches.  They also participate in AmEx's small business perks through FourSquare.Until a quality Chicago-style shop comes to town, Fuel is my first and second choice in town.
3	Alright pizza at an ok price
2	Romper Room on meth.
3	I love the options at Fuel, whole wheat crust, etc. I love the creative toppings and everything tastes great. Service is good as well. My only complaint is the prices are bit high!
3	This pizza is by far the best and only real New York Pizza. They have a wide variety of food for a pizza place. BUT I ordered some pizza to be delivered. As usual gave them my name, phone number and adress. I waited an hour and 30 minutes and called them. They said I gave them a fake adress and telephone number and they didn't even deliver to my area. Not impressed with the delivering service
4	Ya know... I really liked this little place as an overall experience - the word "joint" came to mind.  Look for the big red building at Park Road Shopping Center and have a seat for a slice and some knots.  Arriving before the real lunch crowds, around 11:45, I walked through the door having never been there before and I am sure I had the look of... what do I do, how do I order, have you seen my mommy?  I made eye contact with a nice gentleman behind the counter and said "I've never been here before, help", and he said he would make it as painless as possible (that's what he said).  And he did.  I pretty much already knew what I wanted from looking at the menu on the web before I went, so I ordered the B special, I believe, which was 2 slices of cheese pizza, 3 garlic knots and a fountain drink - grand total with tax was $8.10 - good deal!The place is decorated kind of like an old auto repair shop - old metal signs and the staff were in shirts along the same repair guy lines.  Both gentlemen that spoke to me (my order and the guy that brought the garlic knots) were friendly and helpful.  I placed my order at the counter and was given my pizza and cup for my drink, and a number to place on my table for the knots that were to follow.The pizza (2 slices of cheese):  Pretty darn good.  Not the best I have ever had, but far from the worst.  The crust was slightly thicker than thin (but not by much), with a nice stiffness to it, a thin layer of well flavored sauce and a healthy amount of cheese that was hot without being the molten hot that peels the top layer of skin off of the roof of your mouth (cheese gets me every stinkin' time!).  A little grease on top, but not in puddles.  The garlic knots (3):  Good, not fantastic.  Slight garlic flavor, they were served super fresh, straight out of the oven with a small cup of cold marinara that was surprisingly tasty. I left absolutely stuffed and struggled to eat the last bit of pizza - that is a lot of food.  It was a nice change of pace and I will definitely return.  (wasn't this a Godfather's pizza many, many years ago?)
2	I've been eating pizza in South Charlotte since the mid 80's, my credentials are legit.  Every kids birthday and post soccer game win or loose was spent somewhere running with pizza in hand and playing Contra.  Now 34,  I left Fuel Pizza on Tuesday evening feeling bamboozled since they had the Showbiz pizza, but no arcade.  If you've ever stumbled into Fuel downtown and murdered a slice or two, its amazing.  Thin large cut slices, fresh ingredients, friends, its late night, your starving, fatty foods......awesome.  Fast forward to Tuesday 6pm sober and its thick small cheeseless slices that are overpriced.  I give the Park Rd location a shot every year or two, and both the take out delivery just continue to fail.  I don't know if this is B crew on staff, or where Fuel trains noobs, but the pizza is always bogus.  I got a $20 large that looked like a $10 medium, the inner diameter of 6 inches was without cheese, and the first bite of every slice was just sauce.  It was a bastard pie too, not thin, not thick, almost a Pizza Hut hand tossed step child.  The ingredients, they stand out and are very good.  The thin cut sausage is on point, the veggies are sliced right, large, but no too heavy chunks that just fall off or don't cook.  The sauce, is good.  In the end, its not a win for the Fuel Team, its a fail.  I've loved Fuel at various times throughout my life, hence why its sad to see this location blow so hard.  With so many options competing close by, NY Pizza, Portofino's, Wolfman, Brix, Mellow Mushroom, and the delivery boys, you cant serve overpriced subpar slices in this part of town.  Best of luck boys, see you next year......or 3 am on random night soon.
1	Worst customer service EVER.  I've been a loyal customer for 7 years until tonight.  I was given a 1.5 hour delivery time.  No problem.  15 minutes past the delivery time they called to see if I still want the order.  I said yes and confirmed that the pizza was on the way..they said yes.  20 minutes later and still no pizza.  I called and the pizza was still in the restaurant.  25 minutes later it arrived covered in halapenos.  No where on the menu was halapenos included in the ingredients for the taco pizza.  I asked for the manager (Mike) and he was a total jerk.  He told me they would come back to my house to retrieve the pizza and refund my money.  There was no apology.  He was sarcastic and didn't care about my loyalty or return business.  WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER.  I've never been treated this way by a restaurant.  I'm shocked.  I will take my business elsewhere going forward.
