5	I love Loehmann'sEspecially this particular location of Loehmann'sHere are my reasons:1.  It's organized and clean.  Unlike Last Chance, Ross, Nordstrom Rack... which all give me a headache within 5 minutes, this store is like a normal department store, just cheaper.2.  Everytime I go, its empty, like I have the store to myself3.  Great dealsI recently went to Loehmann's in San Fran, and the same day I went to Nordstroms semi annual sale.  I saw at least 4 items at Nordstroms on sale, that I had seen at Loehmann's earlier that day for even cheaper!I've also gotten Diesel jeans for 50$ from here... Betsey Johnson purses.... I love me some Loehmann'sOh, and boys, their men's section is like a foot wide, so you may wanna skip this.
4	Loehmann's is where I generally like to shop.  I love the prices.  I love most of the clothes.  They have cute bags, hats, perfume... all kinds of stuff.  Unlike Last Chance, you won't find competitive boutique owners fighting over used goods just to take a seamrippper to the tag and add their own.  You won't have to deal with the smell of urine in the dressing room like Buffalo...  There are only a few privet dressing rooms but there is a huge changing area for those not-so-modest gals.  It's always a good experience.  And they give you the hangers to take home... It's the little things really.
4	This Loehmann's rules!* They always have a well stocked, constantly changing inventory.* Outside of clothes they sell awesome accessories, handbags, hair products, perfumes, swim suits ect..* The store is well organized and clean* Everytime I come in a lady walks over and hands me a coupon for saving even more* The return policy is very flexible* If you get on the email list they send you smoking good deals* Store is always empty
4	I am devasted that they up and closed this place with no warning.  We have been loyal shoppers there for years!  Great deals were to be had by all.  I think the location did them in.  No one knew they were there!  They will be missed!
5	On my once at least monthly trip to Loehmanns today I was devastated to see the big blue sign stating the space is available?!?! I feel like they didn't even warn loyal gold and diamond member shoppers before they just left us. I will probably not buy another item of clothing in this state again for a while. The only reason I am even able to compose myself enough to write a review is that I work in San Diego every month and my office is a mile from th fashion valley Loehmanns... which is bigger and better than this one is anyway. So... if any Phoenicians need a fix, just drive 5-6 hours west :) thank God that one is in a much better location so gets more traffic. Hopefully it will stay open forever!!
5	Tragedy has truly struck in my life.I have been to this Loehmann's location once since moving to AZ about a year or two ago and then my car stopped working. Finally I fixed my car this week and couldn't wait to get to Loehmann's. I gleefully made the trip and devoted an entire day to shopping at one of my favorite stores in the world. Alas, as I drove into the oddly busy parking lot (I feared maybe they were having a mega sale and I was left out!) I looked toward the store only to cast my eyes upon a ripped down sign, darkened shuttered windows and locked doors. This Loehmann's has closed, and they never even told me even though I'm in their insiders club!I quickly parked my car and ran up to the doors to see if there was any note or trace as to when they closed or why. I'm sure I made a true spectacle of myself as I peered in and cried in agony to myself... almost with tears streaming from my cheeks. There is truly no justice in the world today.I suppose that they closed because nobody here really knows about Loehmann's like they do in the east and plus they were in a really strange area. It's true that this Loehmann's probably wasn't quite up to par with the ones in NYC (But how could you possibly compare them?) But they still had plenty of terrific things and I bought a ton of stuff when I came here. Looks like now I'll have to book a flight back to NYC just to go shopping at my favorite store again.Loehmann's, you will be missed terribly here!
3	I am truly saddened today. I was telling my husband that I would be treating myself to a trip to Loehmann's . First I thought I would check what time they would be open until. I thought it strange that as a loyal GOLD member, I handn't received any coupons yet this year. It had been about 6 months since my last visit. As I googled the location, much to my dismay I see your blog that it is closed. VERY SAD! I have bought so many very cool things at this store. I am originally from back east and it was so nice to see a store from home, especially this. They closed the  local store about 15 years ago in Farmington, CT, so I was sooo happy that when I moved here 7 years ago, there was Loehmann's. What a tragedy!
