5	It is a crime how much they charge you to play golf at Papago.  Of course, the customer is ripping the course off instead of the other way around.  This place may not have a lot of frills, but it is a well-maintained, challenging, and fun desert course with beautiful views of the surrounding areas.  You can play here for dirt cheap prices, especially in the warmer months if you can brave the heat.  One of the best, if not the best, golf bargains in the valley.
3	I played the storied Papago Golf Course for the first time in March. After hearing positive things about the track from family members I was slightly disappointed. I appreciate that it is a Municipal course (that has been around since the Eisenhower administration) which in turn keeps the rates very modest but it was a little bit dumpy in my opinion.  The fairways were in pretty bad shape and the facilities were definitely dated. That being said; the greens were in awsome shape and they sold us an entire 12-pack of suds and threw it into a large water bucket w/ ice.Fast greens and cold beers managed to salvage an enjoyable round.
4	I finally played Papago again (after the revamp) and I am impressed with the improvements.It was the best course in the City of Phoenix owned family, but with the new management and the revamp (old-vamp?) of the course...they apparently put the course back to being much closer to the way it was in the `60's...I found it to be a much better track.They removed a bunch of trees, which frankly make for much better sight lines from the tees and into the greens.Then trees that are left serve a purpose, and are attractive and in good health, as opposed to the trees and bushes that were essentially "debris" for the past few years.Also, the desert areas have been cleaned up and the course really looks nice!Finally, as with all City of Phoenix courses, it is really great to be able to walk a golf course, and play real golf, instead of the resort/cart golf that we have to play at most of the the resorts/clubs around here.I am looking forward to playing Papago again after they have the LPGA stop later this month.
3	This is an old Phoenix course that was recently renovated.  They are getting ready to host and LPGA event on March 26th.  I thought the course was okay--nothing special and hard to believe that it was selected to host a tournament.  They have a lot of work to do to get it ready in time.  I am eager to look on TV and see how it turned out.  I thought the holes were pretty good but nothing special. The Pro Shop was in a trailer and minimal in what they had to offer.  People there were very nice.    Probably wont go back with all the choices available in Scottsdale area.
5	Papago has long been arguably my favorite course in town, but it took me a long time to finally get out there for the first time since the renovation. I've played it many times pre-renovation and was excited to finally play the "new" Papago.Once I got past the first couple holes, I realized most of the course really hasn't changed too much. Most of the noticeable changes are on #1 and #9 since so many trees are gone, the ugly pond by the old #1 tee is no more, and the lake between those two holes is cleaned up and reshaped.#1 is tougher now and I don't see myself hitting it in two anymore, but I love the way it looks with the lake cleaned up. #2 is nicer without all the dead trees around the green which allows for the clear view of the buttes.#9 benefited the most from the changes in my opinion. It's a beautiful view from the tee and the drive is no longer partially blind from the tips. The entire hole is in view, and it looks great. Not sure I like the way #11 was changed. I like the cleaner view and the cleaned up lake, but it's a small green for a 190 yard tee shot all over water. I think they should of kept that hole the same distance and let that small, sloping, firm green be all the challenge you need there.The greens are huge now and they are firm and fast, but still roll great. They pose quite a challenge as shown in all my failed up-and-downs today, but it's a fair challenge.Big props for the updated bathroom and the water and ice machine at the intersection of 5-6-11-12. LOVE the water and ice machine. You got fancy on me, Papago.The pro shop and snack bar are in a trailer right now, and I don't know the status of the new clubhouse, but I have a feeling that it's a long way off due to the city budget issues. It still works for a muni, but don't expect resort-style amenities. So all in all, I still love Papago and it's still arguably my favorite course and the best layout in the valley. The greens are a challenge but in a good way. The prices are higher now but still reasonable with the City of Phoenix discount golf card. If you're an out-of-towner, I'd say Papago is definitely a must-play, but the non-cardholder rates can be a little steep. Did I mention I love the new water and ice machine out on the course?
5	Just an update: What a difference five weeks makes...The grass really grew in the past five weeks and the course has greened up pretty good. The course isn't running firm and fast like it was last time I was out there. It's definitely playing longer now since there is substantially less roll on the fairways. And the greens are slower and bumpier than last time. The tees were also unmowed. Maybe they just went light on the mowing today, but I hope they firm up the course again. Hopefully they can find a balance of keeping the grass green in summer and still keeping the course firm.It was surprisingly slow out there too. I went out as a single and never had to join up with anyone. That's pretty rare for a day at Papago.
2	Well this has been one of my favorite courses since I moved here in 1988. I have played this course many, many times. However it has a few years since I have been there and I had yet to play the new renovated course.  I have used the practice range a few times since the course reopened and like the new additions so I was excited to play the course again and see the new changes.  I was a little disappointed.  The carts are new Club Car's and they are equipped with a GPS featured that disables the golf cart if the driver takes the cart into an area where it should not be. I can certain understand how this is a good idea. However I think they have the settings a little too high.  If you approach the green from the wrong side the disable feature engages.  The cart paths are for the most part gone.  They are still in a temporary club house from 2 years ago.  I read in the paper that the management company that was awarded the contract to run the course is having some challenges.   That is an understatement. So I guess this course will go down in my memory similar to the other Phoenix landmarks that are now gone.  Similar to the old Cine Capri Movie theater on 24th street.  I would rather remember Papago Golf Course as the great muni it was, rather then the course in disrepair that it is now.
4	My dad and I came here for a 10:40 tee time after getting frozed out at The Boulders on New Years Day. Almost everybody was a walker here. Besides us i think we saw 2-3 other golf carts. My dad has been playing for 20 years and me 2 1/2 and we have never seen so many walkers at a course.It was 40 degrees and below the whole day. Lucky for us i have Hot Hands in my bag.This is strictly a golfers course. There are no gimmicks here. There really is no signature hole but it is a great course for golfers and its long. We didnt play from the tips, but they are over 7300 yards. First time playing on Bermuda type green also. I liked them alot and wish more courses used it.
4	This course is a great value.It's not the cleanest cut of courses.  But it is pretty solid.  The price at $60 for a round is very reasonable.  The grass is kind of dead on the fairways, and so you get some serious roll on your drives.  Also the whole thing is in the middle of this rocky outcrop region of Phoenix with these massive red rock hills that are just absurdly cool to look at and are the backdrop during every hole.The one caveat here is that there's a bunch of desert instead of legit OB area on the side of every hole.  You can go in and hit out of it, but there are rocks strewn throughout the sand and you are very likely to scuff up your clubs pretty good.Still, you can't beat the value here.  I would definitely play this course again.
5	This is DEFINITELY the GEM of all the Phoenix courses.....my son and I played here and absolutely loved it....it is a long course and the only negative thing is they a map of the course so you know where you are hitting to....but the shape of the course was spot on I felt like I was playing a championship course!
4	Course is like others have said a great value.  It is well kept, Played in Aug, Sep, and 1st of Oct.  Rates are very low during this time $28.  Greens are well kept Bermuda,  fast downhill with grain,  very slow uphill against grain.  So you have to pay attention to where on green you are and which way grain is going. Fairways are full of grass so must be well watered.  Course has trouble in predictable places but nothing too tough.  Desert waste areas are a lot of the trouble spots.If money is no object go to TPC Stadium course or Kierland and play.  For 1/2 price of most other courses that are just a little more challenging and maybe not as well kept Papago is a real deal even at full price. NOTE:  Do bring your desert club, you will eventually need it.  "What's a desert club you ask?"  It's a 5 to 7 iron that you don't mind taking chunks out of hitting from waste areas.  If you don't have "desert" club.  Just drop out,  don't ruin your nice Callaway's or Taylormade's trying that impossible recovery shot.
4	Greens, fairways, tee boxes loked really good considering the time of year.  We were golfing in May when the grasses are going from winter to summer.  Other than having a ranger that was on a power trip, we had a good time.
4	I walked this course for $14. Granted, it was early September and hotter than the pits of hell, but what a great course for that kind of money. I'm a higher handicap player so I found the course very challenging. The staff was great and the course itself was a stunner. Beautiful views of the Buttes with almost no signs of the outside world. The course is basically tucked away in Papago Park.  Bring plenty of water if you plan on walking the course and expect to get a good workout. They have carts too, with an attached cooler to keep you drinks cold. I didn't have a problem with the clubhouse being a series of trailers stuck together. There's food, beer and tables inside and everyone's friendly. What more could you ask for?
3	Papago is a great place. Staff is accommodating and friendly. The location and scenery are great. One key problem, lack of posting for the appropriate tee off locations.Please mark by colors at each tee off. Provide better signage for those of us who are new to this course. Please consider making these suggested changes. I would have given this course a higher rating of the signage was appropriate.
4	I know US greens are faster than Malaysia's green, but this is insane fast. I was told by the Marshall on an up hill green speed is 12.... down hill can be as fast as 14.. now this is PGA standard. Later to find out they just had a tournament last week. Anyway its rather flat course and for some reason the two mountain with very different looking rocks are always insight. Its like Papago landmark. Overall its an excellent condition golf course. Signature hole - hmmmm none that i can remember, but i am paired with a two some and they are the regular's so i would say hole 17 is the tricky hole if you use Driver on the tee off. Fairway wood tee off would leave you rather longer going into the green. Again golfnow gave me a good deal. I would go back and play again. Its the fast green ever played - for me.
4	Really enjoyed this course.  It is seemingly tucked away from the big city in Papago Park.  You would never know that you are near a metro area except for the planes that fly overhead constantly from nearly Sky Harbor airport.  Everything was great including the very attentive staff.  Only one reason for 4 starts instead of 5...the price for out-of-towners was $70....pretty high for a municipal course.
1	Played on 2/3/14.  Very poor conditions, both fairways & greens.  I would rate this as the worst course I have played in AZ.  Also the green fee of $85 is ridiculous.  Green fee does not include range balls, that were seemingly taken out of the desert & ponds.Two thumbs down!
5	My favorite course in the valley.  Not fancy, not expensive, the golf is awesome, great views, great staff, great men's club.  My only concern going forward is ASU taking over... Tee times are going to be hard to come by, and that is too bad.  I really wish ASU would keep Karsten around and leave this course to Phoenix...
4	Great track! Long par 3's that are as tough as you can play. The greens are really good fast and true. If you are putting towards the mountain its a little slower. If you are facing Phoenix fast and they all break towards the airport.
