5	Ok Yelpers... this is the epitome of  value, a deal, a steal... Yesterday 2 hr *deep tissue* massage $80 (tip not included). Forget the price the massage was A+. Taleda is beyond nice, and has a motherly energy that makes relaxing easy.  I normally have to ask for more pressure when getting a deep tissue massage, and I asked for it up front and got it. Have to love when someone pays attention to what the client wants! I waited to write the review today, because if a deep tissue massage is done properly you may have a few moments of uncomfortable pressure, however, the next day the aches, soreness and pain should be gone. I feel f'n great today! So grateful I stumbled upon her via Google. (Kind of hard to find a legit massage in Vegas! haha)She has homemade scented body butter, and be prepared you get option overload. ps.. look at my other reviews I don't hand out 5 stars often. This one gets it because, it hit on all cylinders: Service, Product, Value
5	Look no further if you want a great massage at a great price.  Taleda runs her own massage business out of Scandals Salon. She is a professionally trained therapist (and in Vegas you are not really sure what kind of training the ladies have had, if you know what I mean).   It's worth the drive from the Strip west out Flamingo to get there.  I had a 3 hour salt scrub and aromatherapy body butter massage for $100 (not including tip), which would have cost between $300 - $400 in a casino spa.  Taleda is very calm and nurturing and does excellent work..  My circulation was pumping, my skin was polished, and I was totally relaxed by the end of my treatment.
5	Amazing!!!  Was a day before my big exam and Taleda definitely gave me the best deep tissue massage I have had.  I got the 90 mins deep tissue massage...for only $70!  She massaged out the knots on my back.  She is super detailed, ensured that I was comfortable at all time.  I had never experience that level of detail from any massage therapist.  There are three body lotion that I got to chose from for Taleda to use on my body: 2 relaxing blend (sandalwood and something else), and 1 therapuetic (eucalyptus mint).  I chose the eucalyptus mint.  I have tried out different massage therapist, but I have to say that Taleda gives not only a high-quality massage, but the most value.Definitely recommend!
5	I just recently moved to the area and was looking for a good deep tissue massage therapist. I have a chronic problem with deep knots in my back and I'm very picky when it comes to the pressure I receive and had a very good therapist back at home. I was hurting and I was hoping to find my replacement in Vegas and I hit the jackpot on my first spin! Taleda fixed me up and responded well to my requests in the problem areas. Some therapist don't like to break their "routine" but when I requested that I needed more attention on my traps she gave them the attention it needed and I felt like a million dollars after I walked out.  Needless to say, I will be coming back often.
5	Taleda is a great masseuse!  She's not afraid to get in there and get out all my knots.  She has definitely helped with my upper back and IT band.  I can now sit at work without being in pain after 2 hours.  Prices have gone up a bit, as one might expect.  But you can get a great deal with the Bliss 104 Club.  Just pay for two 2-hour massages for $104 (discounted from $120) and get one free.  All three massages need to be in the same month.  She's trying to encourage people to get regular massages, which I appreciate.  You can schedule online and I think she takes credit cards now, but I usually just pay cash.If you need a good massage, check her out.  She's located inside Scandals Salon next to Biaggios.
5	Taleda has an amazing touch and intuition when it comes to finding problem areas. Not only was she committed to helping unlock my shoulder knots but she also made sure to work on areas I did not know were tight. I only wish she was in the bay area. I had a great experience and will be surely visit her again when in Vegas. She was well worth the price and makes every effort to make sure that your comfort is first and foremost. I love the fact that she has a complimentary snack basket and bottled water for post session munchies. She had it stocked with Cliff Bars and other premium healthy snacks. Taleda is first class. See her, you won't regret it.
5	Taleda is the best massage therapist in Las Vegas!  She is amazing.  I have been going to Taleda on a regular basis now for almost 2 years.  I will not spend my money for a massage anywhere else.  No one can compare.  I refer to her as a "healer"  when I tell my friends about her.  I suffer from back pain and her deep tissue massages always have a way of putting a smile back on my face.  I pass at least a dozen "corner massage stores" on my drive from Henderson.  I know the difference between convenience and amazing talent.  Between her talent, prices, and packages ...  you only need to go once to be completely HOOKED!Make your appointment now!
