5	I visited this store when I was in Madison and what a fun place!  The staff is fantastic - there to help you and not just to make a sale.  You can tell that the people who work there like what they do and it isn't just another job.  Great styles, great prices, great place!  Plus, they have a variety of styles, for those who just "work out", for runners, for bikers, and plenty of accessories for the in-between.
4	Great service! They took a great deal of time with me and there was no pressure in the sale at all. Highly recommend!
5	Catalyst is all about customer service!  The owner was very focused on getting me the exact right fit for yoga pants.  Very helpful.  Seems to be a family run business which I love!  Always fun stuff in this store and they often have fun drawings and such on FB.  Also offer other community events/workshops through the store.  This is the place if you are in need of running, yoga or other workout gear.
5	I have always found the Catalyst staff to be extremely helpful and knowledgeable without feeling "pushed or pressured" to buy something. The products are all high quality. You may find lower prices elsewhere but I think the combination of quality products and thoughtful service make for a very good deal. You can certainly buy with confidence at Catalyst
4	So happy to have this wonderful athletic clothing/shoe/accessories store in the neighborhood. I've been here twice so far, and will definitely be returning on a regular basis.+ Upscale feel, quality products, reasonable pricing+ Very friendly service and assistance+ E-mail club notified me of an upcoming sale on shoes and clothing+ Treadmill for testing your soon-to-be-new-kicks+ Innovative running lights; I'm going to return to buy the LED belt- You won't find 80+ pairs of shoes to browse, or 30 different brands of clothing+ Their inventory is smart - consists of the things most folks will want/use/likeIf you're looking for great products from The North Face, Saucony, Asics, Adidas, Brooks, and the like, swing by and check out Catalyst. I constantly receive compliments for my Saucony jacket, and for good reason - it's functional as a running jacket yet stylish enough to wear out and about.
4	I'll be honest, I put off stopping into Catalyst for a long time because I assumed it'd be out of my price range. I was pleasantly surprised that while they carry brands like Timbuk2, Mountain Hardware, and North Face, they also have some affordable prices. I was really impressed with the selection - good brands, both excellent quality and style. They have a great selection of women's sneakers and I'm sure I'll be back for that reason alone. The woman working when I stepped in was friendly and relaxed and the place has a local, comfortable but upscale feel. They also organize some awesome running groups and other community events. I'll definitely be back.
5	Catalyst is a cute, local running/yoga store with excellent, knowledgable owners and great gear for the right price. So glad they are in the neighborhood!
