3	It seemed like it took forever for this place to finally open. It's located in the shopping center on Stephanie and Horizon, and I passed by for like six months waiting to see what all the fuss was about. Finally, we decided to go the moment it opened its doors. As soon as my boyfriend walked in, he was totally freaked out, but this place is a kid's dream ice cream palace! He was freaked because there is a piano in the sitting area that plays on its own, and a life size replica of Barbara Bush is sitting on top of it. President George Dubya himself is "pretending" to play for her, and it just looks creepy. There is a plasma screen above them, showing of cartoon images of their 150 various sundaes. I could see why he was so jumpy. There are two options for ordering; take out or sit down. We decided to sit down. I chose the seat directly to the left of the piano. It was either this or next to the talking parrot above your head. So random. Anyway all of the sundaes are around $4.89. They are pretty big though, and well worth it. I decided to go with a kid's size P.B. Bear. This was a scoop of rocky road ice cream complete with pink jelly bean eyes and peanut butter bar ears. Cute, but too intense for me. I picked around the goodies and just ate the ice cream. Jordan downed his triple scoop mint chocolate sundae in about three seconds, he wanted to leave so fast! This place would be best for a kid's party, so long as you don't mind cleaning up the vomit induced from all the sugar. Seriously. This place really should be called Ice Cream CALORIE overload. Bring your kids, not your boyfriends.
5	Want to bring back fond memories of ice cream parlor trips you took as a kid to places like Farrells or create new fond memories for your kids? Here's your ice cream paradise.In fact, Guinness just recognized them for having the biggest ice cream menu in the world, and that's quickly evident when you open up the large-sized menu to see 150 different ice cream dishes to choose from. All are on the creative side, including ice cream dishes made to resemble bacon and eggs and sushi. Also have a kids menu and, most importantly, several low-calorie and sugar-free selections.But forget the specifics... How's the ambiance and, of course, how's the ice cream.For the parlor itself, think of Farrells in the 21st century. There's a player-piano, though this one runs off digital files, and a plasma screen flashing charactures of the various flavors. Most impressive thing about the room is its size and layout that is very conducive to big groups and parties. Unfortunately, the night my son and I took in was a weeknight and there were so few people inside that each of us could have had 31 flavors each of the 150-item menu to ourselves. Hopefully this isn't a bad sign for the place, as they're deserving of patronage, though I figure business kicks up on the weekends.Now as for the ice cream, I'm not going to say it's the best I've ever had... But the creativity of the dishes boosts the fun factor into five-star territory.I had the Banana Scoopreme... Great mix of strawberry, chocolate and vanilla ice cream layered on top of a banana with crushed pineapple. Just great. Son had the Spiderboy, which was strawberry sprinkled with red sugar crystals and gummy worms forming the legs. He loved it, especially getting a kick out of the worms. We're planning on making the place a weekly stop after soccer practice.12-08 UPDATE: Alas, Ice Cream Overlord has closed its doors. Can they at least bring Farrell's back?
1	Great reviews, so tonight I thought we would try it out........sadly it's out of business. Times are tough and businesses are dropping like flies. If you like a place, try to go there often and tell your friends. All it takes is a few bad months or weeks and the business will shut down in a flash. Sad times.
