5	My family went to Grinders for the first time a week ago and loved it so much we came back again today for dinner.  They use quality ingredients and the prices are very affordable.  Even my picky-ish 4 year old who eats like a bird stuffed herself full.  Their subs have a unique flavor that really puts them a step above the rest.Definitely the best sub shop in the East Valley!!
5	Stopped in for a sandwich today and ordered the BLT and added avocado.  First thing I noticed was the guy grabbed a fresh avocado... Yes a REAL avocado, not a pre packaged container of guac.  He made a little guac mixture right in front of me just by mashing the avocado and adding a little salt and pepper I think.  After he made that he started on the sandwich and he started piling on the bacon... And seemed like he didn't stop!  It was a good amount of bacon and it was yummy crispy bacon too.  Obviously it had been pre-cooked but it wasn't microwave bacon, it was actual real bacon.  Nice change from most sandwich shops that use microwave bacon.  Sandwich was made pretty quickly too.  I got the impression the guy making my sandwich is the owner and he had two sons working with him.  Everyone was very pleasant and the boy working the register was polite and said please and thank you.  I know it sounds silly but I was impressed by his manners, especially at his age.  I got home and ate my sandwich and I was sooooo happy!  The bread is fresh  and almost spongy like, which is good.  The sandwich just melted together perfectly.  I liked it so much I will probably be back for dinner tonight.Good job!  I hope this place stays!
5	I have been to Grinders on many occasions and each time the sandwiches are consistently delicious. I always plan on taking 1/2 of it home for two reasons,  1) because they are so good that I want to enjoy it in the comfort of my home and 2) because they are not your typical sandwhichs that is more condiments than meat, in other words they are big sandwhichs. This never happens because once I bite into it I have to finish it all (which, if you get The Grinder, is not an easy task). I live in Maricopa and its certainly worth the 40 min drive it takes to get here. I've had the Hot Pastrami, Torpedo and The Grinder and I'd recommend any of the three. The service is top notch and personable.  Your are not just "another customer." They take time to talk to you and the employees are very polite.  The shop is always clean which is something I look for, who wants to get food from a place that isn't. If you are tired of chain sub shops or even if you aren't but want to try some place new take a chance and visit Grinders. You will become hooked instantaneously.
5	I wanted to update my review because I went in again tonight and I found out they have Boar's Head meat.  I told the owner he has to advertise that because that's a huge deal!  He laughed and said they are working on it.  Boar's Head is the best sliced meat you can get.  My sandwich was just as good as the other night and everything was consistent.  I hope they don't lose their consistency like the previous shop did because this one is a keeper!
5	Great sandwich and best part is that it's locally owned. Been here three times for lunch and each time it's been perfect. I would compare to Jersey Mike's only much better. Bread and meat quality are too notch. Owner made sandwich both times and he definitely knows his stuff. Support your local joints....
5	I drove all the way from Maricopa looking for a good sanded shop. .this place did not disappoint!!! They need more locations
5	I just went for my first time.  I got Hot Pastrami and it was yummy!!  I will be back
5	I came in right before closing time and was greeted by a friendly face. All I knew is I was hungry and I didn't know what I wanted to order. The person behind the counter recommended a sandwich and I agreed. He stuffed it to the gills with meat and cheese. The care with which he laid down the oil, pepper and mayo made it clear this man took pride in his sandwich. That alone impressed me. Only after paying did I find out the owner made my sandwich which gave me hope for the place. The sandwich itself was flavorful and the bread was top notch. I hope Grinders sticks around.  We need local places to support. Grinders is definitely better than any chain.
3	They were just ok....they cut the ends of bread off. Had to ask to leave on. Really hot inside. Not sure if they were saving $ or A/C Not working. Doors propped open.
5	The meat was great, definitely Boars head quality. The bread was fresh, tasty, and had a nice crust. Overall great sandwich and will be back again, better than most chains. They just need to turn the AC on.
5	Been here a couple of times and both times, great sandwiches.  A bit warm for my taste in his shop so I get them to go.
5	I work near Grinders, so Yelp on my phone would pull them up each time I searched for lunch. 5 stars huh? Most of the stars came from first time reviewers, so I have been putting off my visit. I have experienced first hand, people opening a restaurant.. then having their friends start a Yelp account in order to rate high and jump start the business. Whatever. That pastrami pic captivated me. So I went in. 1. I walked in and heard Katy Perry's Dark Horse playing inside. I almost turned around then. Katy Perry is the devil.. 2. The inside appearance of the place is rough. Apparently a work in progress. (I might add that is was clean.. just un-finished, cosmetically) 3. No AC.. a bit warm inside. (I don't know if this space was purchased, or being leased.. but this needs to be taken care of either way.. like now)Ok. 3 strikes and you are out right? Nope. I was greeted by a friendly man, and asked what I might be in the mood for. This made up for Katy Perry. I asked him to make me whatever he liked. He recommended the Club. Even though pastrami is what brought me in.. a club was sounding good too. Watching dude make my sandwich made up for the inside appearance and warmth. He meticulously built an outstanding sandwich for me. Oil on the bread. Perfectly folded meat. Even condiments, and veggies. This sandwich was the most consistent sub I've had. Every bite was the same. Every bite was delicious. The ingredients were all fresh. From the meats and cheese sliced in house, to the crisp lettuce, and perfectly ripened tomatoes. I asked if that man was the owner, and he told me he was. We chatted a little bit, and what he told me gave me the feeling that he had been sick of working for other people, and had to do his own thing. Props for making that move, and opening your shop. You've got quality food. The service is there. Lesson learned: Don't judge a book by it's cover.
4	First time trying this place. Ordered the hot pastrami, and was not disappointed. Good meat, good bread, and plenty of it. The interior is obviously a work in progress. Hopefully he gets enough business to finish the place. I will be back to try a few of the other sandwiches.
5	Great sandwich shop- the owner clearly is taking pride in delivering great sandwiches at great prices.  I would definitely recommend this place, especially over a chain shop! As others have mentioned, the store itself is still a work in progress but the sandwiches are of high quality and are delicious.  We ordered several different sandwiches and all were great and able to be customized.  I recommend ordering them toasted.  It's refreshing to see such pride in ownership!
5	This is an awesome sandwich shop!  The bread is great, the veggies are fresh and the meat is high quality and you get a TON of it.  Seriously, no need for ordering double-meat here!  The guy who owns it waited on us and was really friendly.  We have had the hot pastrami and the signature Grinder; both were excellent!  This is a local place that  is definitely worth the stop.  I know my all my family members will be regulars.
5	I was brought here by a friend today. I normally steer clear of sub shops because I am typically disappointed. Well...I was VERY pleasantly surprised. Not only were the ingredients much fresher than I've experienced at other sub places *coughcoughcrappysubwayshittyquiznoscough* but he didn't skimp on them. I was actually full after half of mine and it didn't taste like doughy bread that had been lightly sprinkled with turkey and ham. The cost was also quite reasonable and the service was friendly. I will definitely come back here and suggest this to my picky, sub-loving boyfriend. =)
1	We just tried to enter the shop. It appears that it is permanently closed. Sad. We were looking forward to trying it. The reviews were so good. What a disappointment.
1	Decided to try this place - it appears to be closed and there are for lease signs in the windows.
1	A grinder is not a full sub sandwich. If you don't know what you're doing don't do it.
1	This business is closed now.  This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now. This business is closed now.
