4	I actually thought this was a gelato place but it's actually Italian Frozen Yogurt.  After having a discussion with some co-workers about how good gelato is, we decided to make a run here.  Of course once we got there and it turned out to be italian frozen yogurt instead we were a bit dissapointed but that didn't stop us.They only have a few flavors but this stuff is 99% fat free.  You can choose from original, which is basically like plain yogurt with a hint of lemon, green tea, blackberry, or pomegranate-raspberry.  You can also get them swirled if you choose.  They also have various toppings including mostly fresh fruit -- mango, pineapple, strawberry, blueberry, raspberry, and a few others.  You can get chocolate chips, coconut, and various other nuts as well.  I got half blackberry and half pomegranate-raspberry with chocolate chips and fresh raspberries.  This stuff is damn good.  They might be out of business in a few months because of their location though.  It's really refreshing and the portion sizes are huge!  I got a medium and it was almost too much.  It's about $6.95 for the medium and it's $0.95/topping.  Oh, and by the way, for those with an asian flare -- they have sweet red bean topping and mochi!  Another product they have is called snow ice.  It is described as "A luscious swirl of fresh yogurt mounted on shaved ice and garnished with your choice of fresh fruits, sweet red bean, or green tea yogurt."  I didn't try this but is sounds pretty good.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in this neck of the woods.
2	The BF noticed Cefiore had opened up in our neighborhood, and we were wondering what stuff they served...frozen yogurt!  Then because of Jeff P.'s recent visit and the free coupon we got in the mail, we decided to give it a go!The BF had warned me that it was like Pinkberry's, which is the current rage is southern California.  He said it literally tastes like the kind of yogurt you buy from the store, so I should be warned.  It's a good thing he did tell me that.  (I had yet to experience Pinkberry's myself!)I've had my share of frozen yogurt from places like Golden Spoon.  To me, it's like ice cream that's smoother.  But as I said, it's LIKE ice cream...which is sweet.Not in this case, Cefiore serves up Italian non-fat frozen yogurt, and it's a different kind of frozen yogurt.  It's sour like regular yogurt and I was just not digging it!  They offered four flavors when I was there - original, green tea, raspberry pomegranate, and blackberry.They sell their yogurt by the ounces, and they will weigh it out for you too.  Toppings are an additional 95 cents, which seems a bit costly for me.  But I guess they have to recoup their costs when their offering things like mochi, Capt. Crunch and Fruity Pebbles cereal, Oreo cookies, and fresh fruit chunks (mango, strawberries, raspberries, etc.).  You can also have your frozen yogurt on shaved ice, aka Snow Ice, which is then topped with fresh fruits, sweet red bean, or green tea yogurt.  Or have it blended into a smoothie for people on the go!I guess they are expecting to do really well, they have 17 locations already, with two in Vegas alone.  And by the end of 2008, they expect to have an additional 30 more store open worldwide!  Ambitious, aren't they?The girls working there are nice and will let you sample the flavors before you make your choice. I wish the one who had helped us offered a lid instead of sticking a couple of spoons in the yogurt.  We still had to drive home!  (The BF went again last night and this time the girl working did offer him a lid.)They also offer a frequent eater card.  Buy 9 and get your 10th one free!
4	Yogurt!!! and 99% fat free! This was a stop after some grocery shopping next door. As you walk in the place has a retro modern look something that resembles Austin Powers in the 2000's...My lil ones totally digged the decor! Ok let me get to the frozen yougurt...mmmmm they have Original Plain, Mango, Pomegranate-Raspberry and Acaiberry....mmmmm Acaiberry was my favorite! Their servings are huge! The taste of their yogurt is a tad tart but delicious...the choice of topping are good fresh fruit and sweets. They also serve boba there and this is a total plus!This place is not very noticable...the location is not the best...but we found it...and I plan to be a regular there from now on!I totally recommend this as a stop after some grocery shopping or a healthy snack!
2	Was the spot before I discovered Yogel's, Uswirl, and Yogurtland opened up. The workers are friendly. Prices are ok, but i'm never going to a NON-selfserve place again cause they always skimp you on the quantity of yogurt. I got yogurt once and as soon as i put my spoon in, the damn thing caved in! It was hollow in the middle. Fruits are fresh though.
4	Just stopped by to see what they were selling and it was a great looking Yogurt place.  The staff was really nice and let me try the different flavors and all was good but I like the blackberry and the original yogurt flavor.  Portion size was good and the toppings were the best. The fruit toppings were so fresh not from a can or some container.  Healthy, yummy, and a great value...
5	Mmmmmmmmm. I loved the crepe with yogurt ice cream on the top. It's so delicious that I usually go there after work. Acai berry and pinapples are my favorite and the toppings are really fresh and excellent!! They have nutrition in it, not really creamy and it's a franchise you can trust.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! So the yogurt is a little tart but it IS fat free. I've had the waffle for the first time on Tuesday and had to have it again today! It is a little pricey but than again so are other frozen yogurt places and if you go to Baskin Robbins things rack up as well. They have your standard frozen yogurt, waffle combo with yogurt, crepes, smoothies, boba, snow ice, and can't think of it all right now. But the waffle is a must try. It's a waffle (duh!), topped with frozen yogurt, honey, drizzled chocolate, almond shavings, and 3 fruit toppings. =) I'm drooling thinking about it.
5	I love Cefiore! My sister introduced me to the place and I can't get enough of their yogurt, crepes, and boba.I have tried many frozen yogurt places... Golden Spoon, Yogurtland, Red Mango, Orange Pearl, etc. and all of the places pale in comparison to Cefiore. There is a distinctive flavor in their yogurt that separates Cefiore from all others. It's not too sweet and not too sour. It has a creamy balance and is just right. I am a huge fan of their original flavored yogurt. Don't get me wrong though, their acai and raspberry pomegranate flavors are delicious as well!There are a lot of boba cafes in town that are either overpriced (Tea Planet) or don't serve good boba period. Cefiore offers a wide range of flavors and the quality in their boba is just right. It's not undercooked or overcooked and the texture is nice and chewy, as it should be. They also have a nice promotion: 2 slush bobas for $5, which I think is a highly reasonable offer. The owners take special care in preparing their sweet and savory crepes. I am all about quality and you can taste the quality in the ingredients they put in the crepes. Everything is fresh and made to perfection.Cefiore is under new management now. Unfortunately, as you can see in the older comments, the previous owners were not up to par in customer service or quality in their ingredients. They have given Cefiore a bad rap and I hope this review will change peoples' minds about giving it a shot. Check it out and you won't be disappointed! The owners are really nice and you'll feel right at home with the place :)
5	Came here because my cousin raved about how awesome the yogurt was and she was pretty true to her word. Whenever I go out for yogurt or crepes I'll go the extra drive for here. It isn't self-serve but in my opinion, has the best yogurt I've had yet. My favorite is mixing the original tart and raspberry pomegranate..YUM! Oh! and the savory crepes are so fricking delish that it is a must to order one! They have tabasco if you want that little extra kick :]Never had a problem with the staff..they're always helpful and friendly. Love the place!!
4	One thing, the food is great.  Crepes and waffles here are to die for.  This place serves decent yogurt and offers a good selection of toppings.  The Boba and drinks are good.  Although it's not self serve, the servers are friendly.   They run specials which is nice.
4	We saw the signs on the windows that said "italian frozen yogurt" "crepes" "waffles" "seattles best coffee" "boba" and we thought ?WTF? so we checked it out...What a great find. Looks like this Korean lady took her franchised froyo shop and put her asian ethnic spin on it. They have an extensive Crepe menu with both savory and sweet. A waffle menu that includes some obnoxiusly decadent toppings. They have a boba menu that is the obligatory 80 flavors and combos long, a smoothie menu that rivals Jamba Juice, a coffee menu that is just as encrypted as Starbucks and oh btw they have FroYo too! AFter reviewing their extensive menu we decided on something "familiar but different"..."Shave ice FroYo" ??? a 16oz cup with shaved ice topped with FroYo and three toppings for $4.50. I got the Traditional flavored yogurt with strawberries, azuki beans and peanuts. It was straight Bommi Mommi! The ice could have been ground finer but it was still good, flavored with a slightly sweet syrup. The strawberries were fresh, not frozen and the whole thing worked so great. We will be back to try more of there menu items.
4	After picking up lunch in the area I decided to check out Cefiore for some bubble tea. When I arrived I saw the special offer on the door, 2 teas or frozen yogurts for $5... What a deal! They have a frequent shopper card program as well, buy 9 and your 10th is free.The boba in my honeydew milk tea was well cooked and service was friendly. There was only one person working so I did have to wait a few minutes for my drinks but nothing unbearable. Cefiore also sells waffles and crepes, my sweet tooth is such to make me come back to try those one of these days soon!
4	This place is so cute.They have so many frozen yogurt flavors , also Nutella crepes and flavored waffles. They offer lots of specials. The service was great! When you get a craving for froyo or boba tea this is a great pop in spot. I had the mango fro -yo with strawberries , yum!This is a place I will be visiting again!
4	Boba! Fro-Yo! And crepes! Oh my! Three of my favorite things found in one cute little place. They offer a lot of other things on their menu such as Belgian waffles and smoothies but I mainly go for my Bo-Fro-Crepe fixes.It seems like a dozen or more frozen yogurt places sprouted up in the Southwest area and this one has been around for years. They only have about 6 different flavors and the basic offering of toppings; however, I'm a simple girl and I only like tart flavors with mochi on top so Cefiore suits my needs. The consistency is always so smooth and creamy. I actually prefer their frozen yogurt over Yogurtland, Golden Spoon, Red Mango and other popular places. They offer a variety of fillings for crepes but my personal favorite crepe has Nutella, strawberries and whipped cream. I'm a sucker for anything with Nutella.Their smoothies and boba drinks are the main reason why I frequent this establishment. Tons of choices of flavors and their boba is always cooked just right. If boba is too hard or too soft, that is my deal breaker. The best part about Cefiore is that it's very affordable and they have a frequent buyer card. Buy 9 and get your 10th free! I believe it counts for all of their menu items because they punched our card  twice even when we got the 2 for $5 frozen yogurt deal. My only gripe about this place is that there is usually only one person working so if there are even more than 2 people in line, expect to wait for at least 10 minutes.
3	I still love them, but this time when I went in I asked for a blended Thai tea boba drink and was told "we don't do Thai tea blended." Funny because when I was here Saturday I got a blended Thai tea...hmmm
4	They have good boba. The boba is not pre-sweetened and has a great chewy texture unlike the hard middle I've had at other places. The honeydew tea flavor part was normal as it was made with the powder. As I was waiting for my beverage, I read over the menu. They have a lot of selection for a small place. It may be too much as I believe you should have limited product that you do well and not a lot of product that is only ok. I will need to try next time.
4	Delicious crepes and nice selection of yogurt. Nice hidden gem.
5	My second visit and yum twice. The first time was the tart and today chocolate and acai with granola and strawberries. Great and not too expensive. Wish it were closer to home.
5	Delicious yogurt, boba, crepes, and snow ice!  I haven't tried the waffles yet but they look good.  I've been coming here ever since day one and have always been satisfied.  I love the fact that they added to their once small menu.  Good selection of toppings!  Exceptional customer service!  Also, gotta love the stamp cards and the deals!
3	It is with a heavy heart that I deduct a star from my previous review as I really did love Cefiore. I have gone back at least 5 or 6 times hoping that things would change but it hasn't. The main reason why I have become disappointed the last few (actually several) times I've been here can be summed up in one word: inconsistency.The service has been inconsistent because the workers are clearly not well trained. Almost every time I place an order, I am asked twice or three times to repeat myself. "What was that again? Taro? Did you want boba?" My goodness it isn't like a complicated Starbucks order. One time I asked for a white chocolate smoothie with boba and the man just shook his head. I asked, "Soo... you don't have it or you don't recommend it?" He made an "Ehhhh" sound and shook his head again but didn't answer. Luckily someone else came from the back and took the order. What the heck was that about? Not only has the service been inconsistent, the drinks have been inconsistent as well. I have frequented this place at least 15 times and sometimes  the same drink I ordered the day before are way too syrupy sweet or not enough. It seems like whoever makes the drink has their own recipe.On the bright side, I still love the frozen yogurt . Also, in the 1 in 3 chance that my drink is made correctly, it is good. I still plan to return because it's the only boba place in my neighborhood but I am hoping it won't be a gamble every time I go there!
4	This place used to be my favorite yogurt shop in town before I discovered Yogurtland, Uswirl and Pinkberry. I'm a fan of not serving myself, although that might be a deterrent for some. I've seen too many finger lickers in line at the other yogurt chains for my comfort level. Their flavors are awesome and as I've stated before, tart is a way of life, and they offer an abundance of tart flavors and toppings.Ce Fiore also has a lot of other edibles on their menu to choose from. They have boba, smoothies, iced coffees, crepes and waffles. All really good and the location is very conveniently nestled on Rainbow near my favorite Albertson's.I'm a fan, you should be too.
3	I really really wanted to give this place a good review because honestly they have really good tart yogurt but the service has just been poor. If you're lucky, you can get in and out of the yogurt shop within 5-10min however, if there is just ONE more person than you, you might end up waiting for 20+min. When I went, there was only one lady in front of me and she ordered two smoothies. The worker took her order and immediately went to make her drinks without  even acknowleding me.. not even a "I'll be right with you". In addition, I also thought that you should take orders in batches and since I was right after her, I just assumed he could take my order also before going on to make it (just in case we had the same order so he could save time and make it double). However, what really irritated me is that this guy took 15+min to make TWO smoothies. I know he really wanted to make the drinks as smooth as possible but c'mon! I'm not exactly sure how long it took him because I left after 15min. I might have waited if he acknowledged me but he didn't.... The wait must really suck if someone ordered a crepe.. sheesh!
4	This was my first time here after a friend told me there was a Boba place close to our house. So I decided to go by it since I just got hooked on Boba Drinks. This was only my second time having Boba drink but I thought it was pretty good. I got the Raspberry Smoothie with boba in it. You can add protein for 97 cents and I thought that was pretty cool. Boba drinks are my new craze and I'll definitely be back here. They have a lot of flavors here. My next will probably be the Acai-Berry smoothie from here. They also have stamp cards for all the Boba-Holics. Buy I believe 9 boba drinks and get a free one.
5	Let it be known that I'm cheap. Two regular size boba drinks for $5? And they're pretty delicious at that. I'm usually unimpressed with boba and opt for lychee jelly if a place offers it. On this occasion, though, I actually enjoyed chewing every last pearl of tapioca in my green apple slush.The verdict is simple. Five stars.
4	Working in the customer service industry, I learned that you can't please everyone at all times. What you can do is listen to the customer, resolve the issue and make it right. That is exactly what Cefiore did for me and that is why I am a regular customer once again.I dropped my original rating to three stars because of a few bad experiences. The owner sent me a message and apologized for what happened and invited me to come back. I decided to return again because I do love their frozen yogurt and my husband wanted boba. The workers were very kind and were happy to see me return. The service has gotten significantly better and the fro-yo and boba were as good as I remembered.Thanks Cefiore! I am a happy customer who you'll see a lot more often.
3	I have had better boba places in Las Vegas.  Their boba tends to get hard real quick rather than staying chewy for a longer period of time. The workers were nice so I ended up giving a decent rating.
2	So...I came to this shop to grab some yogurt because I was in dire need of some yogurt (not that I was in some crazy menopause, menstruation, or pregnancy moment or anything). This place was down the street from my house, and I must admit the prices are really decent! It's 2 for $5 for a small yogurt with one topping. Not bad if you ask me right! And they do those punch card things where you buy 9 items and get a free yogurt. Who doesn't love punch cards! Punch cards are like Pokemon cards. You just collect and collect them. What makes me feel as if they are worthy of 2 stars is the taste of the yogurt. The taste of the yogurt depends on EVERYTHING. So after enjoying the idea of inexpensive, I finally dipped into my yogurt to taste. Complete FAIL! The taste tasted a bit off and less like tart yogurt to me. I might try to come back and try other selections on the list, but I might steer away from the yogurt.So...concluding that I'd even have that question come up in my mind made me decide that I probably won't be filling up my punch card . PLUS! the lady wasn't very helpful, conversational, or friendly! So the service was just as off as the taste of the yogurt tart.
2	Large was not so large that should be their m if not a small;( Boba kind of smoshy;( I got the aloe Boba tea it was a little too sweet for my taste and it had a little too much Boba almost half the cup full. I  don't think I would order it again.
5	I live a few miles away from this place, but I literally haven't been here in a few years because Cherry On Top is down the street. However, I came here the other morning when Cherry On Top was still closed at 10am. This Cefiore opens at 9am, whereas Cherry On Top doesn't open until 11am. That two hours makes a big difference to me since I'm a morning person. They've added a lot more to the menu since the last time I came. They have waffles and crepes along with their boba drinks and froyo, all at very affordable prices. You can get two boba drinks for 5 bucks, specialty waffles for no more than $5.75, and the most expensive crepe on the menu is their Korean Bbq crepe for $6.50 (I'm sure that one is delicious). I was only in the mood for some original tart froyo with no toppings when I went, so I just paid $2.50 for a small (this isn't self serve). It was very creamy and tart, just how I like it. I have absolutely no complaints and I hope to be back soon to try some of the other items on their menu, like the Chicken Alfredo Sauce Crepe, Korean BBQ Crepe, Ice Cream Chocolate Waffle, Honey Ginger Tea, and Coconut Tea (this might require a lot more visits).
5	I'm not much of a boba person, so I usually don't get boba here or anywhere really.. But I am, however, a crepe/waffles/fro-yo/shaved ice kind of girl(: Crepes here.. are amazing. They have so many different ones to choose from too! Waffles are delish, and plenty of choices as well. What I really go for here is the shaved ice though. Sooo good! They always have the freshest fruits, especially mangoes. I usually get double or triple mangoes for my toppings. And they are not skimpy on the toppings or fro-yo AT ALL. One time I came in & left with a 2lb. shaved ice with me. I thought I was over-exaggerating so I even handed it to my husband and he said the same thing.Staff is always super friendly, which is definitely a plus. I took my friends here and we stayed for about 2 hours ordering all their goodies.I definitely recommend this spot!
4	Great customer service and awesome, awesome food!  Amazing place, great prices; however I wish they were open earlier.  With my work sched. I am unable to make it there to get my two fav. (Boba Tea and Crepes!)
3	This place is average, my three stars is because it is a decent place for a quick snack but nothing we had will make us rush back for anything in particular. It had good frozen yogurt and tea and coffee, but we aren't from Vegas so when we visit we want "the wow factor" they did have interesting crepes that looked pretty good but didnt try. Maybe if I lived in the area I would come back  and try the crepes
1	I don't dig the sour yogurt taste here, so rather than yogurt I wanted to make a quick stop for boba since this is the closest boba place to my boyfriend's home. There were maybe 4 people (at the most) waiting ahead of us for their order and despite our uncomplicated orders they still asked us 2 questions about our orders while I assume they were being made. So then we waited like 15 minutes to get our drinks... and mine was a smaller size than I had paid for, so I had to wait STILL a few more minutes to get my correct drink, AFTER already having been asked about it twice! Finally, already displeased about the time and mistakes, I left with a shitty tasting drink that was too sweet and under-done boba... so disappointing and I will not be coming back. For the record I had some kind of a smoothie with boba and my boyfriend had some tea drink with boba, sorry to not be specific but I don't remember.
5	I became instantly addicted to their Crepes and Waffles here!  For their awesome prices, and surprisingly filling crepes, you cannot go wrong!My absolute favorite waffle is the Rocky Road Chocolate Waffle.  It's chocolate ice cream atop a warm chocolate waffle with melted marshmallows and almonds.  Yum!  If you love chocolate, this waffle is for you!  I also like the Special Nutella waffle as a close second when I'm craving Nutella and bananas. Yum!  My absolute favorite crepes are a cross between the Korean BBQ and the Ham, Cheese, and Egg.  You can even add or remove items from your crepes such as cheese, spinach, and onion.  These are fulfilling and good portions!  They're very flavorful and tasty too; especially the ones that come with cheese!The boba is the best consistency here; not too hard, not too soft.  I like their Cappucino boba!  The best part about this place is that they have frequent customer cards for their crepes/waffles or their boba drinks.  Buy 10, get 1 free! Yaye!  It's a deal.  Check in on Yelp, spend $10, and get a Boba drink free.  Oh and 2 Boba drinks for 5 bucks!  Deal!  This place is awesome!If only they were opened late night!  Be here before their early closing time of 10pm!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (67/365).
3	Tasty product and reasonable price.  However, the cashier seem impatient waiting for me to place my order.  Um, I just walked in and you have at least 50 drink items!
5	I came in here before with my mom and ordered an ice cream waffle.One word. AMAZING!! The waffle was crispy and the ice cream made the waffle so much better. Today, i also brought in my friend to try some of their stuff. I had the mango waffle and my friend had a crepe (can't remember which one)The mango waffle was so good~ better than the ice cream one which I had first.So far, I haven't tried the boba and yogurt yet but the waffle is too good to pass up.The crepe that my friend had was...not to my liking but hey, the waffle is amazing, and I don't mind waiting 10-15 minutes for it.  :Dedit:So, now that I've tried a lot of new things I have to update my review.First, the boba is great. It's good for a fast to go order if you're craving something sweet. They have a variety of flavors, and there is a special with 2 for $5 though it is limited to milk teas and other teas. But don't worry, the milk teas are delicious. Second, I recommend yelpers to try the popping snow ice. I uploaded a picture of it, and it is sooo good. The popping little eggs are similar to fish eggs except they taste like lychee and strawberry. Mhmmm~ My next target is the savory crepes. I mentioned that the crepes were not to my liking but that is only limited to the nutella ones. They were a bit too sweet, but I think the savory crepes will turn me around to the crepe side.
5	Excellent customer service this time and as always delicious product!
5	I love this place crepes are delicious and. There boba is great never had a bad experience in the couple years I been going
2	The crepe was ok, and the waffles were ok, the ice cream topping was delicious...overall the food was good for the price...although it did take a long time to get 1 crepe & 1 waffle dish considering we were the only customers during that time...well whoever was working behind the counter did not seem like he was too happy to be there anyways....maybe he had a bad hangover from EDC the night before...and of course he was the only one there...but nevertheless...if I have a craving again for butter cinnamon sugar crepes I know where I can get oone....uhmmm kinda fast....
3	This place is located in the Albertson's shopping center. They specialize in selling boba, frozen yogurt, crepes, and waffles.They have a really good deal on boba and froyo, it is 2 for $5. Their boba is pretty tasty; it is up to par as to what I'd expect for a boba drink. I have tried the taro and taro slushie. There are lots of flavors too.Their frozen yogurt is mediocre, but that could just be my opinion. Plus, it is not self-serve. They have a kid size froyo for $2 that includes one topping. My 5-year old niece didn't finish her vanilla froyo. Also, I tasted it and wasn't fond of it. There are 6 flavors, the majority being tart.I forgot to mention they also sell shaved ice here. It is okay and no where near the quality of Sno Ono. Try, though, if you want. It was not worth the money for me.Their crepes menu is ridiculously huge! They have sweet crepes and savory crepes. I tried the nutella crepes with strawberry. It was great, but very nutella-y. (That might or might not be a word.) I wasn't able to finish it, but I would love to try the other variations.Overall, I like this place for trying to serve a variety of popular treats, but you really just can't do it all because then you just end up not doing it well. Go here for boba and crepes, that's my recommendation.
1	AWFUL SERVICE.  There is a major communication gap.  I cannot place a to go order over the phone.  The employee does not know her own menu.  The place itself does not seem tidy and was quite unorganized.  Clear furniture is a bad idea if you do not plan on cleaning it often.
4	This place has awesome deals of two for $5 fro-yo or boba!!!  I always get the same, taro milk tea w/ pearls.  They give you a stamp card for everything too!!!  So, every time you buy waffles, crepes, fro-yo, or boba, you get stamped!  They each have their own stamp cards though.  I think its pretty cool how they double stamp you even if you get the two for $5.I havent had their crepes, but the waffles are delish.  Only downside is that it does take a little while to come out, so if you're in a hurry i'd skip on the savory waffles, and grab something else.  Shaved ice is yum.  I always get the regular one with fro-yo, three toppings of your choice,  shaved ice, and condensed milk. I really enjoy coming here and everything i've tried so far is good.  Check it out if you're in the area.
5	I've been coming to this place for about 2 years now so I felt I should definitely give my 2 cents about what I think of it.Seriously. The crepes here are outstanding. I highly recommend ANY of the savory crepes, ham + cheese, chicken alfredo, etc. They have so much flavor and they have sriracha here so you can truly satisfy your spicy cravings because, DAMN, sriracha just goes so well on crepes. The waffles here are awesome as well, I'm not too big on sweets but am big on waffles. They're cooked perfectly and crisp. Their boba drinks are pretty good, i always get taro here, it's not the best taro i've ever had but it's decent and the price is fantastic compared to other boba places. So, they do have yogurt here and you should be aware you're not gonna find a wall of a bajillion different flavors like you would at a yogurtland or something. They have about 5 standard flavors including acai which is unique. Their yogurt does have a slightly different taste to them, almost sour and definitely tart-y. However, if you're like me and you dont really care too much for sweets, it will be perfect for you. In fact, get a small cup of yogurt to go with your sriracha drenched crepe and you'll be set. The place is pretty small with the plastic chairs people have mentioned but I find them cute and it's always been clean when I've gone. Service is great and I've never had any issue with that ever. Sometimes if there are a lot of people your order could take a while and that would really be my only complaint about this place. But, honestly, the food makes up for it. I went to some crepe place in the Bellagio after becoming hooked on crepes from Ce'fiore. The end result? The crepes here are far superior in flavor and cost.
5	Been through a few punch cards here already for the boba and crepes. My favorites are the waffles and ice cream, cream cheese crepe, nutella crepe fruit yogurt parfait, cheese cake, and the taro boba! Still more to try though!
3	I love their Nutella crepe and mango shaved ice. My first visit here was years ago when they first opened, and all I ordered was their tart froyo. I really like this place because they offer the kind of frozen yogurt that I prefer, tart and tastes like yogurt. It's very popular nowadays to have "frozen yogurt" to have the taste and texture of ice cream, which baffles me. If I want ice cream I'll get ice cream, if I want frozen yogurt then it better taste like yogurt to me. After a couple of years, CeFiore definitely expanded their menu. On my second visit, I got their mango shaved ice (which came in a cup). It was mango heaven! On my latest visit, I finally tried their crepes. It was legit good, maybe even better than the ones I get from the Strip. I'm thinking of going back to try their Bulgogi crepe, definitely worth trying right? So far I've enjoyed this establishment with no complaints. If any, it would be the limited space whenever it gets busy (especially when a bunch of teenagers think it cool to hangout there for hours...)
1	This was the first boba place I went to in Vegas. I ordered a Red Bean Milk Tea and the girl at the counter was confused when I ordered it at first because she wasn't sure if they had the drink. I had to point out to her that it was on the menu on the board. She went to the back to ask her boss if they still had it. When she got back to the front I asked her if they had it and she said yes. The place was packed and clearly understaffed - I bussed my own table and a mom was getting mad at her daughter for the almost 30 minute wait for her drink order. When I finally got my drink, it was actually a Red Bean slushie. I went up to the counter and asked what happened (this time to the boss/owner) and she said they didn't have the ingredients to make the drink I ordered so they just made me this drink instead. I told them they could have 1) told me the drink was not available and reminded her that I had even clarified with the cashier before ordering 2) told me this information before deciding what drink they should make me themselves.We had to stay in the store because we had ordered a savory crepe, but I was visibly upset and a few minutes later (when things had quieted down in the store), they asked me if they could make me another drink, but it was too little too late for me. I won't be frequenting this establishment and am happy with the options and service at Easy Life Boba. Cefiore does seem like they have good quality food and I do think other people should give it a shot if they do not look busy and seem adequately staffed.
1	I might have to alter my review, came here the other day at 10:15 and it was closed, then came back at 10:30 still closed. This happened to me 2 times now, just thought I would make the first time be alright, but when your sick and craving boba and there closed when there suppose to be open! It is not acceptable! lol
4	This place is sooo cute. And everything taste so different. I love it!!!
4	I take myself to Cefiore for two reasons and two reasons only: boba and crepes. Does Cefiore have the absolute best boba and crepes in Las Vegas? Probably not. But, are they delicious and satisfying? ABSOLUTELY. It's probably difficult to screw up a crepe, especially when your crepe is drowned in Nutella, strawberries and coconut and then folded up and topped with whipped cream. Are you drooling yet? You should be. The crepes are made fresh right in front of you and they taste the same as most other crepes I have had in the Vegas area. But, in my experience, Cefiore's fruit is always fresh and tasty. It never tastes like it was cut this morning or has been sitting in a tub all day or was previously frozen. Cefiore is rarely crowded but it generally stays open until 10pm on weekdays, which is really awesome for people like me who live less than 2 miles away and have an insufferable sweet tooth. I've had great boba here too - passion and mango slush. YUM. It isn't the best boba I have ever had in the history of my boba tasting life, but it works and its close and their service is really fast. I'm never inside for more than 5 minutes (unless I feel like sitting, but the ambiance isn't that great and its too bright inside, so I prefer not to hang out here). Boba OR Nutella crepes. You like those? Give Cefiore a shot.
5	Departing from ordinary desert or quick snack places, Ce Fiore offers quality food and deserts at a very affordable price.They also have an evolving menu offering new items making you drool back for more.Notable is the boolkoki crepe.  A fusion of Korean marinated beef glued with cheese in a savory crepe.It is very fresh, decadently tasty and addictive.Service is very friendly and fast.  They have a seat in eating area with spacious tables to compliment their take out business.
3	Cherry on Top was closed on MLK day so we Yelp'd the nearest frozen yogurt place. Cefiore it was. Instead of getting your own fro-yo and toppings, they serve it for you. We got the plain and the chocolate. We usually get the plain at Cherry on Top. I prefer theirs better even though it is more sour. The plain one here has a strange aftertaste. I also like getting my own fro-yo and toppings myself. They do also have waffles and crepes and I will definitely be back to try something from THAT menu!
4	This place really is good. They are just placed in a bad spot with no foot traffic to catch anyone's eye.. They just need to move to townsquare or something..they've got great tasting desserts and all kinds of sweets.
4	This place has definitely made major improvements in customer service. I've been here about three times since my last visit and the employee has been more than courteous. Even though its usually busy the employee always takes the time to acknowledge everyone coming in which is mainly what I look for. ACKNOWLEDGMENT =) . The owner also took the time to contact me which I definitely appreciate. Shows that they truly care about the business so thank you!
5	Love going there. People are friendly and crepes are delicious. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
1	Not impressed at all. I was so excited to find a nearby place that offers boba.  We went in on Saturday around noon and there was only one worker and she was the most unfriendly and unpleasant person I've encountered in a long time. I even asked if I could get a punch card and she ripped it out of my hand just to get a different one from somewhere else and then the stamp didn't show up... Needless to say I threw away the punch card and have NO plans to return to such a negative environment.
5	I love Cefiore! Their Thai tea and Nutella crepes are my favorite. Very delicious. The restaurant is super cute and the workers are really friendly and helpful. I recommend Cefiore to anyone who loves boba and crepes.
5	My favorite Boba place in all of southern Las Vegas. Amazing and creative crepes and breakfast desserts. There is no better place you could go if you are looking for excellent quality food with amazing personal.
5	Two for $5 boba is the best deal!! Love this place! Lychee all the way!
5	one of the only boba/dessert places in the area and its great! good deals and specials all the time. Ice cream chocolate waffle is delicious :) im a regular here.
4	2 for $5 boba milk tea (5.50 for slush) and 2 for $5 yogurt ;)This place is really close to my house so it is a bonus. The lady that works there is usually really nice and quick about orders. They have stamp cards for both crepe & boba.Their drinks are cheaper than other places that I know of which is an added plus. The 2 for 5 dollar boba milk teas is a great deal! You can actually choose two different types of drinks, which caters to more than one person, since for myself I can't finish two drinks. Sometimes depending on who is taking and making your drinks, I usually ask them to add half-sugar than their usual amount after noticing that it was too sweet. Their boba is decent, can say I have had better, but it definitely isn't the worse either. I think the most unique milk tea flavor they had is red bean. You don't usually see that on the menu.Their crepes are decently prices and always look really elegant and good to the eyes.I've had the Nutella Crepe a couple times, I mean, who doesn't love Nutella?Another one is their Ice Cream Waffle, I love to have it during the summer, and the aroma in the store is amazing when they start making crepe and/or waffles.Sometimes there can be a line when school gets out around the area (my observation). It is a place where you can sit, chat with your friends, and wifi friendly.
5	I love this place, the service is always very friendly and the nutella crepes and taro milk tea is out of this world.  I could seriously eat those crepes all day long.  I want to try some of the other stuff but I can't not order the banana crepe when I go there.   I think I'll take a ride there right now.  -_-
3	There were only 3 things I've tried at Cefiore and here how I felt about them:- The taro frozen yogurt is soooooooooooooo good and creaming.- Boba drinks are great also.- Fruit crepe - not so good in my opinion. In my previous experiences with crepe at other places, the crepe was fluffy and thin. However, Cefiore's crepe was too thick and heavy, so I felt like I was eating a tortilla instead of crepe.  - Great customer serviceI will definitely come back here for boba and frozen yogurt but I will skip the crepes.
5	I have been dreaming about a place to get a Belgian waffle with ice cream and fresh fruit on top for god only knows how long. Yesterday after a very long day at work I stopped in here after seeing it driving by and ordered the Belgian waffle combo with strawberries vanilla frozen yogurt and whipped cream. I will make this sweet and simple just like this place is, it was absolutely amazing, definitely worth it for the price, and a new regular spot of mine as of yesterday. The yogurt is fresh and tastes great, everything is fresh sliced including the fruit, and no 1 knows how to cook a Belgian waffle like these girls. I haven't tried the crepes yet but they have 1 called chicken alfredo savory crepe, and who I could think of a better lunch or dinner treat then that?! My advice? Eat here and you will be back for more! :)
4	Green milk tea with boba!Cefiore's menu includes fro-yo, with an array of fresh fruit and other toppings, a large variety of sweet or savory crepes and boba milk teas. I have not tried any of her crepes, because of my celiac's, but they all look so amazing. She has a few different flavors of frozen yogurt, again have not tried, but I remember seeing taro and vanilla with a few more, but I don't recall. I always go for the boba milk tea. Most of the milk teas are made with non-dairy milk. My favorite flavors are taro and matcha green tea. Depending on my mood, I get it as a milk tea or smoothie, when it's warm out. I always get it with boba (tapioca balls). I'm not sure if the quality of the boba has gone down, or I go in at odd times when the boba isn't so fresh. The last couple of times I was there, my boba seemed stale and old, as if it had been sitting over a couple of days. Regardless, I like supporting family owned businesses such as these.Almost every time I go, I get great customer service. The owner is very personable, and so are most of her staff. She offers a punch card for boba teas, which is a bonus. I think you buy 9 get the 10th free. Conveniently located in the Albertson's strip mall, easy to get to and plenty of parking. The joint is small and cozy, offering about 5 or 6 tables; two & four tops. One more thing, she has an espresso machine in there, but it has been broken for a long time. She said it is too expensive to fix. If you ask, she will brew a pot of (drip) coffee for you.
3	Don't let the 3-stars fool you, my crepe here is tasty, but there is a lot of competition  in this town for crepes.  I had a banana Nutella crepe which I wolfed down pretty fast.  I can't give it 4 stars because it's not quite up to snuff experience wise as Crepe Expectations in Henderson or JP @ Aria/Bellagio.It's a tiny shop located off of a strip mall on Warm Springs and Rainbow, easy to miss if you aren't careful.  In addition to crepes they have waffle sundaes which is most likely what I will get on my return visit.The staff was relatively friendly although they asked me about 4 times if the crepe was for here or to go after I had sat down.  They also didn't give silverware/napkins when handing me my plate.Make sure you check-in before ordering as Yelpers receive a discount!
5	This is my first time trying KBBQ with crepes. The combination of 2 of my favorite food! It could not get any better! Love the Nutella special and red velvet crepe. Their prices are also awesome! The cheapest I've ever paid with a delicious result!
5	There crepes are amazing!
5	I have been going to this location for ~3-4 years now, and every time is a great experience.  The lady who owns the shop is nice and when I went there once or twice a week for, oh, 11 months she remembered me after the first few visits.  =)I swear by their coconut milk boba tea here.  I guess they have recently added the option to get protein powder in it, and it's actually really good in this.The owner makes the most perfect, most tasty crepes I have ever had the pleasure of consuming.  Wow.  Like, if there was an Olympics for crepes she would be the Michael Phelps of Crepe-ing.Nutella and whipped cream is always a classic, but don't be afraid to put some bananas or strawberries in the mix, too!Tried the froyo here - the deal is pretty good!  2 smalls with 1 topping each for $5?  Great for that little extra after dinner.The atmosphere is another of my favorites here -- while it IS located in a strip mall parking lot, you walk in and feel like you're in this chic little spot in LA.  It's very bright and refreshing with modern furniture, and always a positive vibe.I'm sad I moved away from this area, but since then I've been able to cut back on my tasty, tasty sugar.  So, when I DO get to this side of town, it tastes better than before!
5	I came here one Sunday morning to relax and read a book. I couldn't have made a better choice as they offer an array of tasty delectables on their menu for customers to enjoy! I continue to return even though the location is quite a drive from where I live (near Boulder City). They do not disappoint here as the store owner and workers are very helpful and cater to your needs. Everything is made fresh to order with very fresh fruits and ingredients. I ordered a strawberry smoothie with boba and a Nutella crepe special on my first visit. Both were absolutely delightful! The Nutella special is topped with fresh strawberries  and whipped cream, with bananas folded inside and is of course, drizzled with Nutella all over. So good!! It is definitely worth trying. I am also a big fan of anything red velvet so on another visit I had to try their red velvet crepe. Once again, highly recommend! Can't ever go wrong with red velvet. Another smoothie I have enjoyed is their mango smoothie. Really good! The remainder of their menu is filled with more appetizing treats that your taste buds will savor such as waffles specials, frozen yogurt (with an array of toppings), slushies, coffees, and many flavored crepes, and smoothies. The cafe is clean and quaint, the workers are the friendliest around, and it is a family environment. Definitely would recommend to anyone who loves a good treat. Coming from someone with a really big sweet tooth, I enjoy coming back time and again.
5	I came here with my boyfriend and both of us loved what we got. I got the mango shaved ice while he got the strawberry smoothie. My boyfriend is always on the hunt for delicious strawberry smoothies and he said that this place by far had the best!
4	This past Sunday I was at home and I got a craving for some frozen yogurt. Rarely do I eat frozen yogurt and I never go out on Sunday afternoons (they are made for being lazy at home IMO). Anyway I figured that if I was going to leave the house for a snack, it had to be worth it. I used Yelp to find Cefiore and I am very glad I did. They don't have too many flavor options, about 5 I think, which is fine with me as I always go for original tart. I went with strawberries as a topping. The flavor of the fro yo was very good, nice and tart. What I liked about Cefiore were the portions. Most fro yo places serve humongous portions; here they offer a reasonably sized small. With my Yelp check-in offer it ended up costing less than 3 dollars!
5	I'm ashamed that I lived within a 5 minute driving distance from Cefiore all my life and that I've only realized its deliciousness only recently. I always thought Las Vegas was somewhat lacking of desserty places. You know, a place to go after a nice dinner date or somewhere to stop by when you're craving something sweet. But the search is over. Cefiore is the epitome of the awesome and the amazing. They make boba drinks here! I'm plain Jane with my boba drinks and pretty much stick to my milk tea. But my friend ordered the taro boba and I seriously fell in love. Not too sweet and doesn't taste so artificial. This taro boba should be dubbed the drink of the summer! Not to mention, the purple color is gorgeous. What won me over about Cefiore (as I'm sure it did for many others) was their dessert waffles and crepes. From the chocolate waffle, to the red velvet crepe, to the Nutella crepe, everything I've tried here was over the top delicious. The chocolate waffle comes with vanilla and chocolate ice cream, whip cream, chocolate syrup and is dusted with powdered sugar. My favorite, hands down. Cefiore also has savory crepes. I tried the chicken alfredo crepe. Looks a little plain in comparison to their dessert crepes but tastes pretty good. The only issue I have with this is that it's too small and it doesn't fill me up! Or perhaps I'm just a fatty...I just wish this place was a little bigger with ample seating. Clean, bright and welcoming - this place is nice to eat and hang out with a date or a couple friends.
4	Had my first Shaved Ice today at Cefiore. Yummy! Perfect "lunch" for such an obnoxiously HOT day. Had the "Eat Your Greens:" green tea ice cream, red bean, mochi, and almonds, drizzled with chocolate and all on top of a cup of delicately shaved ice. Refreshing and sweet, the cup was quickly enjoyed in the car on the way back to work (hey, it was melting pretty fast so I had to dig in!). Also got a milk tea w/boba to sip on throughout the afternoon. Scored 10% off when I checked in on Yelp (thanks!). Staff was quiet but courteous. Will definitely go back for more!
4	Is it my favorite frozen yogurt shop? No, I am still the proud duke of my place of choice. Do I still enjoy Cefiore? Yes, and the taro is probably the reason. It doesn't hurt that they run crazy specials all the time as well. They are a mixture of everything. You could have a whole meal here. Start with a savory crepe, get a boba, and finish with froyo, shaved ice, or a dessert crepe. I was not so impressed with their crepe. It is more on the doughy side for my liking.
5	My friends told me about this place a few years ago and it has been my go-to crepe place ever since. The people working there are very nice and they always say hi when you come in.I always only order the crepes here just because I really like crepes, and I must say their Nutella crepes are so good that I wouldn't mind eating them everyday. I've tried imitating their crepe recipe but to no avail, so even if I can make it on my own, I still try to go here whenever I can. I live in Summerlin so it's a good 15-20 minute drive, but I say it's worth it. The prices are very reasonable and they have really, really good crepes.
3	I've been wanting to try this spot out for a few years now.  A dear friend has raved about the bulgogi crepes and I knew I'd have to visit sooner than later.  Yummy crepes.  My chicken and creamy spinach crepe was a little more cheesy than I would've liked but I did enjoy the red velvet crepe much more.  Tried the bulgogi crepe and lived up to its reviews.  The Italian supreme crepe was decent.  Aside from the crepes, I also tried the nutella waffle. SO. YUM!Unfortunately, the service was on the slower side.  Family owned seems like with only one person working when we got there. I'd probably go back to try more off the menu.
3	I was so confused going in.  I didn't know what to get.  I originally went there because I wanted shaved ice and ice cream.  Total opposite I got the popular bulgogi crepe everyone has been posting on YELP and then the Nutella crepe was what the cashier recommended.  Hehe, oops.  But dude,  Bulgogi crepe was on point.  I drizzled sirachi all over to give it an extra kick.  Yes granted I could probably make it at home, not as neat, but yes worth trying.  With that being said, I will update when I actually try other things their menu has to offer.  Looks like whats popular is the mango shaved ice.
5	Want something sweet for a good price? Then you gotta try Cefiore!! I love their diverse menu and i can't get enough of it! Let me start off by listing what I love the most about this place, yes LOVE. I love the fact that they have deals for boba and frozen yogurt. Normally I have to order three drinks one for my daughter, myself, and my husband which tends to add up! At Cefiore though I am able to get a 2 for 5 deal! How awesome is that!? Not mention they also have the same type of deal for frozen yogurt! I highly recommend their taro and thai tea boba!! Next I love their waffles! I personally would pass up their crepes any day for a waffle. I instantly fell in love with their rocky road waffle! I also tried their red velvet crepe but it was just ok. Oh and don't forget to visit every July 13th! They offer 50% off almost everything on their anniversary! We took advantage of it yesterday and got three boba drinks for 5.47! Went back later on during the day for a red velvet crepe, one frozen yogurt, and one nutella crepe all for 7 something! Great deal.
4	My boyfriend's roomie got me (us) on one since telling us about their bulgogi crepes. Initially, I'm like: GROSS! Like how the heck is Korean meat gonna taste with sweet French crepes. ERRRRMAAAAHHHHGAAAAAWDDDD. It's delicious.We got there once it opened and ordered a bulgogi crepe, chicken and creamed spinach crepe, cantaloupe ice tea with lychee jelly, and watermelon ice tea with boba.Note: they have stamp cards for both the crepes and drinks!It took a while for the crepes to be made as the lady (who I think is the owner) made them. Our ice teas did us well while we waited tho; VERY refreshing in this summer heat.When we got our crepes, be careful --- it's steaming hot! We wound up cutting both crepes to let the insides cool down.We ate the bulgogi crepe first and was blown away bout how savory it was. The bulgogi, onions, mushrooms, and cheese went SO Ridiculously well together :) It tasted even better with Tabasco on it. (I'm a tabasco fiend.)The chicken and creamed spinach was good, too; but, THAT bulgogi crepe was winnahs!I've come back here twice after this (with 2 separate bunches of friends) and the owner knows us already and we've gotten 2 free crepes and ice teas already from that stamp card.***note: the crepes REALLY take a long time to make so, I recommend calling in the order***
5	Finally a place that has my lychee popping boba.. So yummy and so much to choose from I think that's the hard part.
3	This place is conveniently located at the corner of warm springs and rainbow in the albertsons plaza right next to great clips! I had a weird craving for a crepe after I saw their 2 for $8 Groupon special so I indulged in my craving and went at 11:00 am. I'm pretty sure we were the first customers of the day because when we came inside, nobody was in the front and it seemed like they were still loading the toppings bar with fruit and other goodies. One thing that did bug me was the fact that the girl worker kept talking about whatever personal issues rather than working. Just standing in plain view of customers and not working is kind of a pain especially if you're hungry right then and there! The dude was pretty cool and hinted to her "need some help?" Which kinda made her get to the crepe maker and do her thing. On with the order:My boyfriend ordered the triple berry crepe. Which consisted of raspberries,blueberries&strawberries. Also topped(or should I say drenched)with a berry jelly(it tasted like it honestly belonged on a piece of toast not the crepe)This was only 3 stars!Reasoning: the girl making the crepe didn't even have the crepe mix ready and it was so hard for her to concentrate as she kept talking to her coworker about another workers problems! I find that a bit inappropriate because there's customers in here at this point, she should focus on her work and efficiency to get to the next order, so on and so forth. On the plus side, she did give my boyfriend chocolate syrup which covered up for the lack of strawberries! Now to my order:I had the old fashion Nutella special. Typically it would have Nutella,strawberries&bananas, and topped with whipped creme!Mine-3 stars! Lack of strawberries on my boyfriends caused me to sacrifice some for my man(the things you do for love)It was still good because, who can't love Nutella!It was good. Not mouth-watering,fruity and flavorful like I expected. I wished it had a bit more strawberries and less bananas. I'm not anti-banana, I just like to have my fruits a bit evened out if they're cut up(its an ocd thing,way weirded typed out!) Inside my crepe, was a 2 whole bananas cut up in pieces.Covered on top, probably 3 strawberries sliced up. Just wish they would use a bit more berries so it doesn't taste like bananas in every bite. My fruit to fruit ratios aren't adding up, it's not like I'm on the verge of a meltdown but it's just banana overload, feel me?!The good thing about this place is the tv plays a slideshow of more delicious deserts and savory crepes that I promised my boyfriend we have to come back and try! I also saw on the register they have bogo Mondays for frozen yogurt! It's pretty cool, minus the fact of paying per topping. I think I only say that and I'm used to places in Orange County like unlimited toppings it's just .33/oz lol. Other than that, keep a look out for their groupon. Take advantage it's pretty much worth it for a quick snack.
4	We came here for some crepes and waffles. They were completely amazing! Low prices, and large portions. The only disappointing thing about this visit was the break in times between serving the food.
5	Yummm!This place is both delicious & affordable.My first visit I stopped in for some boba. My hubby and I both got coconut milk tea w/ boba.It was so good!  It made those other places that serve the same seem watered down. We saw they served other things like crepes,  waffels, fryo... the list goes on.. We knew we'd be back soon.This morning we went for crepes.The crepe it self was fresh and made there.The dulce de leche crepe was amazingly good & packed with flavor.Review from my husband:I don't care if it looked like world war III In there the food and the drinks are good that's all that matters lol
5	Sweet treats for a great price? I'm in! They have an extensive menu including crepes, waffles, boba, and yogurt and shakes .... So something to satisfy the whole family! We were moving into a new house and had to grab some packing supplies at the post net nearby. We'd been working all day so I stopped to get some boba for my hubby and my teenage cousins who were helping us move. Everyone was happy with their orders. I had the Thai tea with boba which was made perfectly ... Not too sweet and the boba's texture was nice too. I want to come back to sample their crepes ... I hear they are amazing!
2	The desserts here are so yummy but the customer service not so much. I've been here twice, the first time I came in at 9:30 pm (they close at 10 pm) and by 9:55 pm the owner was staring me up and down ready for me to go so she could lock up. Mind you I was just finishing up. She even asked me twice if I needed a box which I thought was rude. I left by 10:05 on and just threw the rest out. I returned for the second time because the dessert really is great with a groupon I tried to use for a waffle and was told it's only valid to purchase yogurt. I'm like are you serious your the owner of the shop you can honor it if you want but they wouldn't so I'm stuck with a groupon I'll never use. Bad customer service.
5	Best coconut milk tea and the closest good boba place by my house. The drink itself was perfect consistency, it wasn't powdery but it was more smooth, idk how to describe it! The boba was cooked perfectly too, not too hard and not over cooked either and it wasn't too sweet. I still have yet to try the crepes. I also wish the place was a little bit bigger though. I went there when everyone else decided to go there too and it was packed.
4	Located on the south side of the Albertson's complex, next to the tanning location. We took a wild guess and found it pretty quickly! The interior is simple yet cute! I believe the owner is Korean, she's a very nice person! Quite entertaining watching them (her and some of her employees) working and interacting. Came here with a friend and we ended up getting three things....well two were for me specifically! :DThe first thing was the red velvet crepe! The presentation was supurb and I didn't really expect it...okay well after seeing everyone else's pictures I kind of did, but otherwise I wouldn't have! There were strawberries everywhere, so many of them! It was delicious! I haven't had a crepe like this in a long while. I've been meaning to try all these dessert places but you know how a diet works? Well lifestyle change =P but hey I'm going on vacation so it's okay! Next was the apple cinnamon crepe, a little plainer but won't count it out. It could use a little more apple cinnamon but it was still good none the less. This was mostly for my friend since I'm not a big fan of cinnamon in general but still enjoy it.And last but not least was the nutella special waffle! Large belgin waffle with nutella spread all over, bannanas, strawberry, whip cream, and chocolate all over! This was another delicious choice! Overall I'm super happy and so is my stomach :D I can't wait to go back and try other items on the list! Maybe the taro next? Or even something with ice cream or their frozen yogurt. So many choices!!
4	I have been going to this location for a few years now, with both great, mediocre, and disappointing experiences. I'll try to round up everything that I could think of.Setting: The location is in the Albertson's parking lot off of Rainbow/Warm Springs. The space is small with colored tables and plastic colorful chairs. The windows and walls are covered in real photos of the food choices they offer. There is also a book shelf with plenty of magazines- many old and some current. It is a cute shop with a local touch for a chain store.Drink:  I thought and still think that it is one of the few boba cafes located in the Southwest area. They offer the variety of boba flavors in a snow ice and slush form. I believe they use powder, not real fruit though. They have smoothies, but I have not tried them yet. They have a 2 for $5 special for regular size slushes with boba which is a deal I've taken advantage of often.Food: Reason why I return to this place consistently is for their waffles and crepes.They do desert crepes from nutella, fruits, honey, and nuts to savory crepes with ham, turkey, or cheese. You can also make your own crepe for $7.50 choosing 5 of 8 ingredients (if I remember correctly). Among other specialty crepes are their Honey BBQ Crepe, Chicken Parmesan, Chicken Alfredo, and Korean BBQ Crepe. Waffles are a similar deal with the plenty of preset topping combinations or you can also build your own waffle and add frozen yogurt on top (which I highly recommend) for a $1 more.They also offer frozen yogurt with deals like 2 small cups with 1 topping each for $5. However, selection is not extensive like Yogurtland and it is not self serve. (The person behind the counter does it for you. )Flavors are Acai-Pomegranate, Mango, Taro, and Original. They also offer shaved ice deserts with preset combinations and options of syrups and toppings.OVERALL:*Pros:  I've had times in the past where I've craved a waffle or a crepe. I've had times where I went here more than 3x a week.  This place is fantastic for a quick dessert craving or to catch up with a friend.  The women were always super nice to my boyfriend and me during our visits. Because of the variety, this is my go-to dessert place. I usually order the specialty crepes and my boyfriend loves the Korean BBQ Crepes. I also like the Strawberry Banana waffles with frozen yogurt in the middle. The Froyo and Boba specials are great during summer when I don't want to go Chinatown or Town Square.*Cons: I noticed they raised the price twice in the past two years around 0.50-1.00 which made me sad. I guess in contrast, they made a crepe combo deal with a boba for $8.75-9.50 but it's still more than what I used to pay for a quick dessert. I mentioned earlier that I've had mediocre experiences like my waffles being a bit overdone that it was hard/crunchy instead of crispy. When I went here last Sunday, my sister and I ordered crepes and they didn't include the ladle spoon of sauce which they usually pour over the crepes which disappointed me because I love the extra sauce. They didn't have the grated Parmesan cheese available, like before, either.It is a Frozen Yogurt chain so I expected more out of their frozen yogurt flavors..Quality of your food? It is not consistent...but when they do it well, they do it well. I like to give benefit of the doubt. I'd give a 3.5/5 if I could. I wouldn't go out of way to the SW area to try it, but I would recommend it for a person close by who wanted a sweet tooth fix or wanted a "coffee date" type of place.
4	cheap desserts are something that I love about Las Vegas! Their boba isn't anything big to dance around about, but their desserts are cheap, and yummy!! ambiance: 3 - limited seating and tiny space, but most people take their stuff to go. service: 4 - definitely just a little slow; if I wasn't by myself, it would definitely be really boring. but the crepe that I got was worth it!food: 4 - this time I got a hot tea and the dulce de leche special. the hot tea was just okay and they sweetened it for me even. I wish I could have done that myself, however. that crepe was delicious! it wasn't too sweet, even though it had condensed milk. It makes me wanna come back and try all the other things!
5	The place is really nice to hang out with friends or family. The desserts are amazing especially the special nutella crepes. One of my favorite from their savory is the bulgogi crepes! Its really yummy!! The boba are very good too for a descent price. They have a deal 2 for 5$ regular milk tea or slush. I dont really remember. I'll definitely go back there for crepes! :)
3	While the avocado smoothie tasted okay, it took a long time (and we watched other orders get processed ahead of us even though we ordered first), and was unfortunately made with a powder mix (which I watched them mix in). However, I was informed that they do use real avocado by a nice message from the manager, but that they mix it into the drink in the back. It still wasn't my favorite drink, especially compared to some of the thick and creamy avocado drinks I've had at some other places. I do appreciate the fact that the manager cared enough to send me a message though.
5	I've been here a couple times before, so I feel like I should finally review this awesome boba and crepe place. Every time you come in, you're greeted with friendly smiles and a hello. The atmosphere here is fun and popping with bright colors that catch your eye. The menu here is well organized and very easy to read. The crepes are made fresh and you can even watch them as they make it! I've tried their milk teas, slushs, and crepes and I haven't been disappointed. Be sure to ask about all their special deals because they have so many!
1	I would give them 0 stars if that was an option. Went here on 2 different occasions and got charged different amounts when I ordered the same thing!! Basically the staff doesn't know what they are doing. They obviously aren't trained and the outcome equals poor customer service! Some of their yogurt machines were also not working and certain flavors were not available. I will never go back.
4	I just stopped in for a milk tea with tapioca and it was great.  They will adjust the sweetness if you ask them to. I am looking forward to going back to try their crepes. They have some specials that look like good deals too.
5	I came back to give Ce Fiore another try and they exceeded all of my expectations. The staff was extremely nice and welcoming and they created a special waffle for me that wasn't even on the menu (ice cream, PB, chocolate chips and bananas.) I'll definitely be back. :) yum.
5	Love their crepes here. Although,  I havent tried any of the savory ones.. but my favorite is the banana and Nutella (: price is good & the owners and workers are always so nice
3	updated review: this place is under new management. I went in the other day and ordered a taro milk tea with boba and a chocolate ice cream waffle. the milk tea, which was made by the new guy, was really grainy... as if the powder  wasn't blended long enough in the tea. it also wasn't as sweet as it usually is. my waffle was also made by the new guy under the supervision of a girl who has been working there for a while. it tasted good, but the guy was not liberal with the chocolate chips, chocolate drizzle and other toppings. if I'm paying $6 for a waffle, I'd like more than just 5 chocolate chips. overall, I've had a good experience at this place. I've been coming here for years, but there is oftentimes a lot of inconsistency.  they don't seem to use measurements or any set numbers, they kind of just wing it, which can cause something like my milk tea being too powder-y and grainy. I'd like to see more consistency in their food.I would still come back, and I recommend this place nonetheless!
3	This review is for the boba. For my first visit, I got a milk tea and a taro milk tea. Both had a very strong flavor, which was great, but the boba seemed to be undercooked. I will still come back and try the waffles though!
4	Nice place, different variety of flavors and very nice hospitality from the workers. The only reason why I gave it four stars was because of the waffles Ive been to different places in Vegas and places in California, but the waffles could be better, it's not bad or anything but if it was more light and fluffy Id give it five stars. That's only my opinion though
2	I was really excited to try this place but was extremely underwhelmed. My boyfriend and I went in and it seemed VERY unorganized. The only person who seemed to know what he was doing was the kid at the register and he kept having to tell the people making the desserts how to do them. The orders were coming out in no order; some people waited 2-3 minutes while there was a group of us who waited more than 40 minutes. I got my order (it was wrong but I took it anyway) but my boyfriend's didn't come out for another 25 minutes. People who ordered after us had already eaten and left. The food was fine, nothing amazing. Probably won't come back.
1	Went tonight to get a Nutella Special crepe, while I was there I also decided to get a Thai Boba Tea. There were two young guys working there, I placed my order got my tea and I was waiting for my crepe and waiting, waiting, and more waiting. Finally!! I saw the guy put a crepe on a plate and went over and said can you please put it in a to go box and he said "oh I haven't even started yours, this is my co workers birthday crepe" WTF?!? Really?! You cooked an employes crepe first before a paying customers? I was super annoyed with them, also the kept cursing up a storm and I had my 8 y/o son with me. Needless to say I will not be returning here, and to bad because it WAS a favorite.
1	This is a place to treat your pallet to something more extraordinary as opose to just a typical frozen yogurt joint. My girl and I love crepes, and this had always been our come too spot just for that since it's within our area. Unfortunately good things cone to an end.  Well for this place anyway.Months ago there use to be a very curtious and profesiobal girl who worked here.  Never had a problem.   However....about two weeks ago I pulled up with the family and noticed  through the large store front windows that our regular store operator (girl) was not working.  Instead there were two young guys behind the counter whom appeared to be horse playing.  One of these skinny little guys was dressed down so scuffy looking and wearing a tank top. Not hats/nets noted. I'm not an old fart but dumb juvinile sh** gives me anxiety to the point of wanting to mop the floor with their heads.Today we gave it a second try.  But only for my girl and our son.  Once again there was horseplaying, and service was slow, but that wasn't the worst part.  This  punk behind the counter had the audacity to take his sweet time and prep a crepe for his co-worker/friend (unsure both playing behind counter)  before a paying customer with wait times already rediculously high. We're done with this place. NOT COMMING BACK!
1	I ordered a green tea smoothie. A large. I was watching the guy make my drink and the smoothie was not even close to the top. He tried playing it off by shaking my drink afterwards so it can seem like it's full. I could've just paid for a small drink for the amount he gave me. I always come back here to give it a shot but ehhh. It's the same experience.
2	I have been craving crepes for weeks and the pictures looked so appealing and this place is open late. But I am so very disappointed. I got the red velvet crepe and a honey aloe tea, which I was asked if I wanted hot or cold. I asked for it cold. The drink came out first, and had no ice in it was was not cold... maybe slightly cool. Don't know how I feel about the flavor.. but bad... but very watered down.The crepe was cold when I got it. The crepe itself was thick and chewy, not thin like a good crepe should be. At least they used fresh strawberries, but that is the only redeeming factor.The high table we sat at was very wobbly. Not many options for seating anyways.Overall, not a great experience.
3	Had this place bookmarked for a while and read lots of great reviews....until recently.  From what past reviewers are saying is that there was a change in management.  I ordered a plain milk tea, s'more crepe and my boyfriend ordered a passion tea w/ boba.  My milk tea and crepe was ok, nothing special but when I tried the passion tea it was super sweet.  The color was too bright and you can tell the water to syrup ratio wasn't correct.  We had them unsweeten this since it was undrinkable which they did, but it was still nothing special.  They have a big selection of crepes and boba drinks but I wouldn't see myself going out of my way to come here.  They do have a loyalty punchcard which is always good just make sure you taste everything if you leave/ order your food/drink to go.
5	Cefiore is soooo delicious I LOVE there crepes they are the best! I usually get 2 when I go there. They have a very wide variety of treats that will leave you wanting more! :) I absolutely would recommend this crepe spot. Great service and  everything is very fresh! They even have a stamp card!
5	We've had a little bit of everything here. It does take a minute to prep but well worth the wait. Awesome Bobas, crepes and waffles!
4	Who wants to get CHOCOLATE WASTED??!!.. i DO I DO!!.. Well I have been here twice already and both times was delish!! I have ordered the strawberry/nutella crepes and also the chocolate waffle/ice cream whip cream concoction that is soo yummy!! the waffles and crepes are made fresh you can basically make things any way you want it.  Their menu is vast and includes soo many items.  Everything tried here is soo good!! and it seems popular with the celebrities since theirs a poster with celebrities that have come to the shop.  A wonderful dessert place!!
3	Rocky Road Crepe: Not well executed, but I ate it all anyway. The crepe was really chewy, but all the filling was really tasty and well distributed in the crepe. I had ordered it with vanilla ice-cream, but had to ask for it. Chocolate/Vanilla swirl froyo: Was really good (some of the best) froyo I'd tasted; the consistency was smooth and rich. Until the end. The bottom of the cup was really tart.. old mix, or maybe a different flavor that hadn't cycled through. Either way, it was an unpleasant end. Pros: Open pretty late.Lots of choices; waffles, crepes, froyo, boba smoothies..Cons:Quality control could use some work.
5	Such an amazing boba shop. Crepes are pretty delicious. The employees are very nice and helpful. If your going for something savory, go for their Chicken Spinach Alfredo crepe, really good. Their manager is really helpful and awesome. If you want, they have this interesting mix fruit slush. Watermelon/Lychee mix, and it's pretty good. It's on their "secret menu", its called "Whotang Special". They said their friend thought of it. I love it. Come here especially when its super hot. It's so refreshing. Five stars, forsure.
4	Taro smoothie with boba, i am a creature of habit, and i must have ordered them 5X already, my first one (out of curiousity was from a tiny i-forgot-its-name-now coffee shop in Garden Grove CA), so when i found it on Cefiore's menu, i was ecstatic like a bee to find this purple summer refreshment. Yes, it is purple and it tastes better with a chewable boba in your mouth. TIP: Don't bring a purple drink inside the library, it is noticeably purple really, and you are asking to get caught.Another reason to like this place is the crepe with nuttela and strawberry, try it with a combo treat. They also have a stampable card that entitles a customer a free crepe or waffle on the 10th visit. I am on the 6th and will be back
2	I don't think I'll be coming here to get boba anymore. They used to sell lavender milk tea and now they don't because it isn't popular enough. The other boba drink flavors are flavorful, although the boba isn't great quality. My preference would be to have warm soft boba instead of hard and cold boba.
2	I ordered a mango iced tea with boba from here. They put mango flavored syrup inside the tea but didn't even mix it thoroughly so when I received my order there was still a ton of syrup at the bottom. The drink ended up being way too sweet and the boba is mediocre at best.
1	Used to come here a lot then I think the owner changed, sadly the drinks were never the same anymore.  I had ordered the same thing always, then this new owner guy made it n it was way too sweet I had almost choked! I asked him to make another and he insisted he made it right. And the boba was cooked way too long it had lost the chewiness. And he still insisted that he cooked it right. Then I saw them onDirty Dining. Oh well. I wish the previous owner comes back!
2	Service took about 2 hours!!!! Completely under staffed. The food was okay. I got the strawberry banana Nutella waffle. It was good. My bf got the green tea waffle. It was horrible. Won't be going back here again because of the service. I feel sorry for the people who are over worked and under staffed.
1	This place is such a disappointment. Bad service and the creeps was so thick and crunchy.
1	Fuck this place. For lack of better words right now because I'm fuming.  Waited about 10 minutes patiently because the guy was busy helping customers before us.  Finally got to order....  I ordered 3 smoothies with bobas.  My son got a yogurt with toppings.  5 minutes later he was finishing up Boba orders for customers before me.  Then a few minutes later he finally called my watermelon Boba being ready.  Right then he said he was out of Boba and asked if I wanted anything else.  I told him we didn't and asked him if he even checked before taking our order and I didn't even understand his mumbled answer.  He had to have felt my sudden irritation because I demanded a refund instead.  I held the bitch in me because my son was with us.  I just STFU and rolled my eyes hellla hard.  Now, I wish I didn't take the watermelon Boba and asked for a refund for that too.  I'm so pissed because we wasted 20 minutes here for nothing.  I don't give a fuck how slammed and busy you are, be professional and check your supply before taking orders and making people wait for nothing.  To make it worse, my watermelon smoothie tastes like coffee with left over Boba scraps.
4	Met up with some friends here last week for a chill hangout and some quick desserts.When I walked in, the only guy working was busy in the back, so no greeting or anything. When we all finally decided what we wanted, we had to call his name to get him to come out. Nothing bad, but they should have a bell or something to let them know they have a customer.I ordered a Nutella strawberry crepe with a mango boba slushi, totaling a little over $8. A little pricey, but I feel like most dessert/snack places are. They were both good, nothing extraordinary. The young worker looked like he was in high school. It took him 10ish minutes to make what we ordered.The shift change occurred while we were there. Two workers replaced the one that left. I don't know why there was only one before though. Perhaps his shift is not the busiest.Overall, this place is good if you want a crepe or boba. The interior is clean and colorful. Just seems a tad bit pricey, so don't look to fill up your stomach here. It's a dessert place. It's good to fulfill what your sweet tooth is craving.
3	I don't have issues with the food here. I've gotten the milk tea, waffles, and crepes and they've been great every time. I also love that I have a boba place on my side of town and I don't have to drive all the way to Spring Mountain. The reason this place isn't 5 stars for me is because of the service. The workers don't greet you when you walk in or smile. And I've been given incorrect change on more than one occasion (how do you mess this up when the register tells you what to give back?). I haven't experienced anything that wouldn't make me want to come back, but they definitely need to work on their customer service.
1	I am officially done with this place. They never recovered from the owner change. Boba drinks are simply bad bad bad. Never had such overcooked boba EVERY TIME. It's like biting into tofu. And the owner guy said that's how we cook it. Wasted $5 going back each time just because it's close to our house just to throw the drinks away again n again...
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. They always take a really long time to make crepes.  The ingredients are not fresh.  My last and final visit I had the older Asian guy making my 3 crepes. He was very rude.  He made on crepe handed it to me then rang other guests. Walked in the back, made the drink orders for several other guests. Then, made the second crepe and again same thing with the 3rd crepe.  They need to get training on how to make crepes.  My advice is go to Bellagio and watch how they make crepes.
4	I come here often because it's close to my house. My son always gets frozen yogurt. The crepes and the shaved ice are really good. I like to come here for my Thai tea with boba, again because it's close, but lately the boba itself has not flavor at all. So disappointing because I'd rather not drive across town for good boba. I'll continue to come here because everything else is good and most of the staff is very friendly.So I wrote this earlier in the day and then decided to get a boba tonight. It was better today! Yay! Hopefully it will be consistent.
4	Location of this place is what drove me here to begin with because its close to my house. I've had some "ok" desserts here, but I've also had some "OMG this is delicious!!!" desserts here, which is reason I keep returning.  If they ever got rid of their Taro Crepe or their Rocky Road Chocolate waffle dessert, I would never return.Their Taro crepe is simply AMAZING!  Its my most favorite thing in the world! The only thingthat I do as an alternative is that I change the soft serve.  The crepe itself is taro (ube) flavor, stuffed with a taro filling and served with a taro soft serve.  I love taro, but thats TOO much taro for me! So what I do is I replace the taro soft serve for a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Winner!I am also in love with their rocky road choclate waffle.  I love that their waffle isnt too strong of a chocolate taste, so its perfect when they serve it with their rocky road ice cream and chocolate sauce.  Its amazing!They can improve on their service, as it takes FOREVER to get crepes, but to me its worth it!
