1	Get your shit together, Charter. The customer service rep was polite and helpful, but I was on hold for 30 minutes for a change of address. At every other vendor I can do that online in 30 seconds. It's called process reengineering and you should try it.I'm actually writing this while on hold. So...I wouldn't have written this nasty review if you didn't have me on hold for so long. You made your own bed, kiddo.
1	I'd love to share all of the excruciating details about my horrid experiences with Charter's in-home technicians, but I'll spare you the gory details... let's just say this:- Two scheduled visits; both visits the techs were late by more than one hour- Tech "A" lied to me point-blank about existing coax in the house- Tech "A" claimed he didn't have any tools with him (I offered mine; he declined)- Tech "A" wanted to run a coax cable through my window screen and through door openings- Tech "A" mis-wired a two-way splitter (about the easiest thing you can wire)- Tech "A" took 2+ hours to not deliver service, then left saying Tech "B" needed to do work upstream- Tech "B" arrived; worked outside for 20-30 minutes, then left without connecting service- Contractor arrived on Saturday and had everything working in 20 minutes. He pointed out the incompetencies of Techs A and B and said it was common for Charter's in-house techs to not want to do things, or to do them wrong. He also pointed out that the reason my service wasn't working was because there was a bee-hive near the junction box on the utility pole, and that the other techs probably didn't want to deal with it. I tipped the contractor for his troubles and help, thanked him profusely, and finally have broadband (after several weeks of going back-and-forth with Charter employees about it).Bethany S sums it up perfectly - "Get your s#$%t together, Charter!" If there were *any* other company in my neighborhood that provided broadband, I'd be using them... Word to the wise: if you have to schedule Charter service, ask them to send a contractor. After my experiences with their "company" technicians, I wouldn't trust them to run an extension cord.Good thing they charge such a reasonable fee for their service... (that's sarcasm)
1	If there was ANY other option....ANY other option, I would dump Charter immediately.  Crappy service, poor cable, and on again, off again internet.  Why am I paying this much???  Lack of any kind of channel options other than 2 or 3 packages (expensive) and internet service thats either 30mbps or 100mbps.  If you want the 100mbps service, you have to shell out $200 for "expert" installation.  Question them about THAT. It's to ensure that you actually get the speed that they advertise.  WHAT??  You read that right.  You have to pay them a $200 installation charge on the 100mbps service to ensure that you get the speed they advertise.  Sounds like extortion to me.Waiting for someone....anyone....to come into town and become a competitor to Charter.  If that happens, I am certain that Charter would be forced to leave town.  There is no competition so they do as they please.
1	Absolutely horrible experience for years... I am rarely in Wisconsin so I have not had to deal with them that much however I have been here for the holidays.  I noticed that my Internet is completely choppy... I contacted them One month ago to disconnect however they convinced me to stay by throwing in some upgrades for allegedly the same price as I was paying before. Same problems same service issues and the worst part is that I received my bill and they charged me twice what they quoted me a month ago. Spoke to billing who was quite rude and provided no resolution.  I am sorry I stayed with them and I'm glad I disconnected... Now to contact my credit card and make sure that charter does not get one dime from me.  Save yourself a lot of hassle and find a different Internet and cable provider.
1	Charter, it's apparent you don't want new customers' business.After enduring a barrage of sales pitches, I was able to order new internet service for $29.99 per month for 12 months.  When the installer came out, he didn't have the appropriate keys to access the communications room in my apartment building.  So, he left and told me to reschedule the install.When I reached back out to Charter to reschedule, they said my order had been eliminated from the system and the $29.99 offer was no longer available. But conveniently a $39.99 per month offer was available. Because their installer couldn't do their job, I was going to be charged an extra $120 per year. Even the agent's manager couldn't honor their previous order.So, Charter, you lose. If you screw over potential customers this badly, I can't imagine how inept you are at servicing existing customers.And people wonder why the Cable TV industry is consistently among the lowest rated for customer satisfaction.
1	DO NOT USE CHARTER!I get that their services are cheap, but that is the only pro and the reason it's so cheap is because the service is AWFUL. Internet was constantly going out or just extremely slow. They blamed it on my router and would not give me any credit because of it, but as soon as I switched services and still used the same router, my internet worked PERFECTLY. I called customer service at least 20 times during my year and a half with them. Only two of the people I spoke to seemed competent and three of them were downright rude to me. They once tried to charge me for the maintenance guy when the service outage was THEIR FAULT. When I asked to cancel my services, I had to jump through tons of hurdles just to return the modem in a way that was "convenient" for me (I was moving out of the city on a day that the office was closed so I asked them to send me a box to mail it to them in...only they forgot to send it). I have definitely learned my lesson. It is BY FAR worth the money to pay for ANY OTHER company.
4	We have been using Charter internet for almost a year. Aside from a glitch or 2 with installation, the service has been steady and good. When I was having difficulty with connecting a couple of months ago, I was really annoyed. My troubleshooting pointed to the router as the problem - I didn't want to, but I bought a new router. Everything has been fine since.
1	I don't even have Charter cable or internet.  However, I have been invaded by their technicians!  Someone came out for an installation at my neighbor's house least week, and because the cable connection box is in the backyard, the technician came into my backyard.  Apparently, s/he couldn't be bothered to go around my plants, so s/he cut down an elderberry I had planted last year.  There was no reason to cut it down.  I've been trying to call Charter ever since to provide feedback that that is unacceptable behavior, but (of course) can not get through.
1	Charter sucks. Their plans are full of hidden fees and the representatives are misleading in what the price will be. I've been told I will not be charged for something multiple times only to end up seeing it on my bill. The technicians are never on time and the internet is consistently failing, even with the upgrade to Spectrum. Actually, I see no improvement in Spectrum at all.
3	I previously left a scathing 1-star review saying that their service is extremely inconsistent. However, I've figured out the problem, and it has less to do with what their service *can* be, than how unfriendly it all is to set up.If you don't pay premium for their wireless option and set stuff up yourself, you will absolutely need to connect the modem (which has precisely one ethernet-out port) directly to a wireless router. If you connect it directly to a splitter, it is not smart enough to figure out that you have multiple devices trying to get on the internet. Be prepared to spend a little time troubleshooting and getting it set up. I'm currently using a Belkin wireless router (the cheapest 30 dollar model) which has a very user-friendly walkthrough for setup and works just fine.If you do that, all you have to endure are some service hiccups during peak hours. The speed is pretty good for the introductory price too.
1	Charter is exactly why monopolies are illegal.I moved from an apartment in Madison and will admit, had financial troubles leading me to be late in a couple payments. Whenever I tried to call to make a payment, I would get a message saying that I was current on my account. After hours and countless phone calls and being bounced back and forth from representative to representative, it turned out they had fucked up their accounting. They had been applying my payments to another account and the new tenant of my old apartment's payments to my account. I ended up having to fax them my personal banking statements to prove I had made payments when I told them I had. They ended up sending my account to a collection agency and fucking up my credit. Thanks a lot Charter.
