5	Dr. Battersby is awesome. I admit I have a deep mistrust of the health care industry (key word, industry) and pharmaceutical companies.But Dr. Battersby is the exception to the rule.He will work with you if you are uninsured or out of your insurance's network. He listens to you. He explains things to you in a clear and concise manner. He gives you choices. He doesn't try and solve your problems with a pill. He is that ideal of what a physician should be.And if that is not enough, he is a chiropractor, too.
4	My heart HEARTS Dr. Battersby. And, well, so does the rest of me. What? A doctor who actually spends time with me? A doctor, seemingly, genuinely concerned? A doctor who takes my blood pressure and doesn't leave it to the nurse? I was a bit nervous upon entry, as the waiting area, is, well, it's kinda ghetto. Perhaps not ghetto. But sort of like someones basement TV room. But it's the nurturing that counts and Dr. B is the man! He wrote my prescription for my soaring blood pressure (hey, it's genetic! BACK OFF! I'M NOT A STRESSFUL PERSON!)...Oh damn, I need a cup of chamomile and a foot massage. Rickie!!!!
5	I hate doctors. They are, as rule, condescending, do not explain things, rarely spend any time with you, don't listen to the problem, and overall generally piss me off. I am pregnant and was having an extremely rough time. I think I got the worst OB ever... she never tried to reassure me or give me any information at all, basically making vague statements about things being abnormal and getting blood tests for mystery tests then making me wait a month for my next appointment, and then not even REMEMBERING me or the tests when I returned. Every problem I had she referred me to check with a different type of Dr. I was on specialist 4 when I hit Dr. Battersby's office on a recommendation and have never been more grateful to someone in my life. He explained what he could in civilian terms, spent time with me, listened to what was wrong, offered a few options with the possible outcomes, and basically compensated for all of the other Dr.'s combined... not to mention he expressed concern over my OB's treatment (I switched after my visit with him). It was refreshing to deal with someone that knew what he was talking about on several different issues (none of them, by any means, his specialty) and treated me like a human. I will be forever grateful and will continue to drive the hour plus to see him for any future general needs... although I do agree with the previous information about his actual office setup. It goes to show that appearances can be deceiving... I almost walked out based on the fact that it is somewhat "ghetto," the waiting area was a bit packed, and the wait itself was abnormally long. But overall... totally worth it!
3	Fortunately, I've been a relatively healthy person. In fact, when I attempted to go to my most recent appointment with Dr. Battersby, I had no idea the office had relocated... like, a year an a half ago! I pulled out my cell phone as my car ran in front of the boarded up, obviously vacant, building and got directions just down the street to the new location. (7550 N 19th Ave., Suite 103)Dr. Battersby's office staff isn't gonna jump up and down to greet you; they are not going to trip over themselves and play their little violins in sympathy for sick old you, but they will do their best to get you in THAT day, if needed. And, let's face it, that's what you want. You want to see the doctor, right?
5	What a great experience it was with Dr. Battersby!! An incredibly nice and genuine doc! I thought they were extinct... Like the last one was spotted perhaps 50yrs ago. I would def recommend him! He is super professional, takes his time, LISTENS, and very knowledgable!
5	My hubby went here after reading reviews and he was very pleased. He says Dr. Battersby is down-to-earth, reasonable and really knows his stuff. They were very reasonably priced and the Dr. HIIMSELF called with my hubby's test results. That is just unheard of! We will all probably switch to him. Thanks Dr. B!
5	I chose Dr. Battersby from the insurance list because he was close.  After my 1st visit I knew he would be my doctor forever.  He is patient and practical.   He is a serious healer and after 20+ years a trusted friend.  He has made my life better and I am so very grateful to have him as my doctor.
