5	I had the most amazing experience at Essential Touch Spa. It is in Scottsdale Healthcare's Hospital on Shea and 90th street. I was there visiting a friend that just had a baby and decided to drop in. They have the most amazing products in there boutique, very high end. I decided to get a couple treatments after I looked at their menu and saw their prices. WOW what a deal. I have had facial with Peviona products, which I love, at other resorts in the valley. This one was the most amazing facial, the caviar and pearl. It is a botox alternative, it really worked. The smell and feel were wonderful. Then I got a massage for 90mins, I think I was floating. Then I went to check out my bill was under $200 and they don't take tips because they are non- profit.  This was so great my money was going back into supporting Women's and Children's services. I love donating to a higher cause without any effort.
5	I had a caviar and pearl facial by Pevonia, (my favorite skin care line) at Essential Touch Wellness Center in the Scottsdale Healthcare Shea Hospital, it was awesome. I have had one before at the Desert Ridge Marriott that was not that great and the Price was $50 more than Essential Touch ($100). I am so excited I have found this awesome diamond in the rough.
5	A beautiful spa inside Scottsdale Healthcare Shea Medical Center.  I can't say enough wonderful things about this facility, the people, the prices and the quality of services.  First of all, it's a full-service spa.  Robes, slippers, showers, quiet sitting room, sauna - everything you need.  Secondly, the service and quality is excellent!  Thirdly, FREE valet parking and easy access in and out of the spa.  Lastly, the products they use are high quality... Pevonia is fabulous!
5	This spa is located in a very nice hospital. I have had various manicures and pedicures here as well as a facial and a prenatal massage. All were lovely experiences, I would certainly return. The staff is warm and friendly, and the place is very clean. If you are in the hospital say having a baby or recovering from surgery of some kind you can even get an in room service. The nice thing about this spa is their prices are very reasonable, and they are not allowed to receive tips. I was told on one of my visits that this is beacuse the profits of the spa go to the Women's center in the hospital.The hospital also has complimentary valet parking during the week (tips are welcome there though). The parking lot gets pretty crowded.
5	Such a peaceful spa, all the staff there are wonderful! I first got a pedicure which was wonderful and she did such an amazing job. I don't remember her name it was really unique & started with an F. Then I got a essential touch facial with Paulette, she was very knowledgeable! Suggested the perfect skin treatments for me Pevonia and my face condition is improving greatly. A must to check out and they do not accept tip. So in the end the price is more affordable than elsewhere, but everything about it is high quality!
