5	Price is as little high, but the quality of the shirts are good...double stitching in the seams, high thread count, improved button threading ( for better wear and tear). Mostly, the staff are motivated. Good experience for me, not pushy.
3	Two of my close friends are getting married and I went in to get a fitting for it. With them coming in ahead of time and picking out the color scheme, all I had to do was to get measured. If their computer system was not acting up I could have easily  been in and out in ten minutes. Instead the gentleman helping us ended up having to run between the front and back computers. Nothing was ringing up right, but he was nice enough to match the original quoted price. The service is excellent. As I was waiting, I took a look around the store. The items on sale was nothing special sold at a high price. Suits can be purchased elsewhere for cheaper. The prices for rental on vests, shirts, and ties are reasonable at $37 for six days.
5	Came here to buy my boyfriend some casual shirts and jeans. The sales representative who approached me, Gene, was very helpful and nice. Helped me pick out some very nice shirts I wouldn't have otherwise picked out myself. Wasn't pushy in trying to get me to buy other things. Boyfriend loved the clothes and they fit well. Will definitely come back next time he needs some new clothes.
4	For some strange reason, I've been the duke of this place for the past few months. It's been sitting there begging for me to write a review. And since I still haven't been toppled, I guess I'll cave.I had to go to MW back in August to get a tuxedo fitting. Everything went smoothly. I returned two days before the wedding to pick everything up. Outside of what I consider to be a high price tag, the experience was positive.I've since returned a few times to take advantage of a 50% off coupon we get through work. I've always considered MW to be expensive, but that coupon definitely made things more reasonable. I've been able to pick up some necessary and not-so-necessary items to sharpen up my wardrobe.So despite my cheapness, I'm giving them four stars. The staff are always friendly and helpful and I think I've turned into a fan.
5	Went hear to pick up suits for my friends  wedding. They didn't quite fit right from the the store we ordered them from, but the staff there was able to make it right. Furthermore, our taxi never came to pick us up and Judi and Anthony went the extra mile to help us while we were there. Anthony even went as far as to drive us back to our Hotel because the taxi never showed up.
5	This is one of those stores where you go inside looking for some nice black socks and walk out with a new suit + shirts and ties... the sale associates are good at what they do!I usually shop here when they have their buy one get one specials which happens relatively often in my opinion.  It's pretty awesome to be able to buy a $500 suit and get another one all tailored and ready to go within 24 hours time.  You can even come back to the store anytime and get your suit steam pressed for free after you buy a suit here!There is a wide range of fitted shirts and ties to choose from and they lay everything out for you as if you were wearing it to get a picture of how it ties together.  They really tackle the thing some men hate most like myself... shopping for clothes.For every $500 you spend you get a $50 credit towards anything in the store which is great, you really get quality products here for a fair price + many incentives.  I walked out with a Ralph Lauren black banker stripe and Kenneth Cole Select chocolate suit for $500 + tax with all tailoring included.  Got a wedding or ball to attend?  Rentals of all sorts are available here and you WILL look sharp.All the high end Italian suites are nice but for the buck there is no comparison... the commercial doesn't lie, "You're going to like the way you look."Highly Recommended -5 stars!
5	Great place to get a wedding suit. People helpfull and nice. The store is great
2	We have always had great experiences at MW, so we naturally chose them for tuxedo rentals for my son's wedding.  All groomsmen went in for measurements and their bills were all paid. So it was rather disappointing when the guys went in to pick up their tuxes, only to discover that only 2 out of the 11 orders were ready to go! Nothing fit properly!  With only one tailor on the premises, several guys, including the groom, had to return the next day to be refit.  And MW tried to charge two of the groomsmen again!  Needless to say, this was an inconvenience to the guys and put a crimp in an already packed schedule.  In the future, it would be helpful for MW to have multiple tailors on the premises, especially when more than one wedding party is coming in to pick up tuxes.
