4	My 1st Knights game was this past Saturday during their season opening weekend. Shame shame shame on me I never made it to their old ballpark in Fort Mill. But then it's Fort Mill (which in my world is like an universe away). Since I have never been to their previous games & location, I can't do a comparison of "before" vs. "now."I went with a group, sat in Section 120 (which is way down on 3rd base line a little away from the ball action). The face value of the ticket was $18, with $2 redeemable value for spending (very smart move on their part, because obviously nothing costs only $2, so it's a great way to induce people to spend).  I am not much of a baseball person, but it's always more fun to watch in person. It's hard to watch the game from where I was... and it's not like any other sports, they don't show the game on the jumbotron. And the sound system still needed a little work I suppose, I couldn't really hear much.I did take time to walk around the park, checked out their food and drinks offering. I'm impressed that they offer some decent beer options (OMB Copper & NoDa special IPA brew, Sam Adams etc). However they don't come cheap. Small plastic cup was $7.50, tall boy was $9 and mason jar was $12. There were lots of food options as well. Queen City Q had a spot. There's a hotdog spot that offers Mac & Cheese dog and Chicago dog. They were $9 with chips. There was Chick-Fil-A. There was a fro-yo spot ($0.65/oz... but there's only 1 cash register, and it was broken, and the line was not moving... I had to abandon my melting fro-yo and opted for Dippin' Dots-$6 with a souvenir helmet cup).  I'm sure I'm forgetting some. But I promise the food & drink options are great though a little expensive (but hey, we're at a game, so it's expected).I think this is a great addition to uptown. It does make parking even more of a nightmare. Parking lots were mostly $5-10 nearby. Or park further away on street (free on weekend) and walk, which is what I did.Side note: they have fireworks on Fridays.
5	After living in Fort Mill and going to Knights game there for many years, I was excited for them to move into Charlotte.  The SC stadium was terrible.  It stunk, the concourses flooded when there was a little bit of rain, there were no seats in the outfield, and on the rare big-crowd occasion, it was a pain to exit.  The new stadium has a much more open feel.  Most of the seats are spread out along the lower deck with suites and party decks being upstairs.  They still have the open-to-the-public Home Run Cafe which is nice if you want to get out of the heat and into the AC.  There is a standing room only area and grassy berm with slightly obstructed views in the outfield.  You can even see some of the game from Mint St.Concession prices are similar to the old park.  Yes, a can of domestic beer is $9 but it's a 25 ounce can so that is more than two normal size cans.  I love the selection of local beers and foods at the stadium too.  Parking at most nearby lots was $5, including at the hotel right next door.  We took the light rail which is a couple of block away, but still easy.The only minor issues were that the PA announcer was hard to hear, the video board had some pixels out, they showed no replays, and there was no speed indicator on the board for pitches.  These were all minor and did not take away from the experience.I am really looking forward to an evening game here and seeing the skyline lit up in the background.
3	What a nice stadium. There is not a bad seat in the house. Great location & reasonable parking prices. I was disappointed in bathrooms. I guess in this spoiled society, I excepted automatic flushing toilets, sinks & hand towels. The only other bad thing is that the "mason jars" they serve the craft beer in does not fit in the cup holders.
4	After all the anticipation and the construction "uptown" the Knights have finally found a location to appropriately call home.  Don't get me wrong, I loved the Fort Mill stadium, but always seemed like it was so far removed from Charlotte and surrounding.  There was plenty of parking, which was a plus, but it seemed like you went to the game got your hot dog, snacks, beer, and entertainment and then got in the car and left.  At least with a stadium downtown, there is so much more potential to get the Knights into the fold for your daily activities.Hang out in the new RB park right next door or the French Quarter in the Latta Arcade strip before the game...  That's what my friends and I did before we got to the sold out game.  We had SRO tickets and I was a little leery about it, but it turned out great!  Aside from the grassy berm to sit on, there are plenty of places to stand behind the regular seats... even a waist high table to set drinks/food on along the outer perimeter.  The field is sunken in so there as a great view of the action from any perspective.Another great opportunity the builders of the stadium took advantage of was Charlotte's craft brewing scene.  You can get NoDa Breawing, TripleC, Birdsong, and Old Meck of the tap.  There are plenty of food stands along the perimeter of the whole place!There looks like there are plenty of private boxes above...  I've only had the pleasure of watching a Knights game from a box once, but something about being outside in the fresh air, cold beer in hand, and sun on your face that totally says baseball to me.
4	Baseball in uptown Charlotte makes me excited to be a Charlotte resident. BB&T park is a fantastic location near the new Romare Bearden park and the Panther's stadium. If taking the light rail just pop off at the 3rd St/Convention Center stop and its a less than five minute walk to the ballpark.I was impressed with the range of food options from Queen City Q to froyo there was an option for those that don't want a pretzel or hot dog. if coming with a group your tickets can come pre-loaded with dollars to spend at the ballpark- thanks office! :)I heard parking was easily found for around $4. Beers are pricey but local craft brews are the same price as a Bud Light so score a premium beer if that's your style.I'm glad this stadium is here and I hope people continue to frequent games even after the shine of a new stadium has worn off.
4	Ballpark is beautiful! Went to the first game Thursday and had a great time. Only thing is it felt understaffed. Every line was extremely long and the one we final chose took about 25 mins to get through. Hire more! Great for the city!
5	Love the new Knights ballpark uptown.  Such a beautiful setting.  From the main seating area you see the skyline of uptown and from the outfield seats you have an amazing view of the sunset!  Lots of great food options - Queen City BBQ, Salsaritas, Just Fresh, plus the usual stadium food.  Plus, tons of great beer selections!   Lots of local breweries representing here.  Nice touch CLT!
5	Very clean and new to Charlotte. There are many food choices as well as seating and standing areas to enjoy the game. They offer day games for companies wanting to entertain their clients as well as evening games for families and friends.  Chick-fil-A has food options there as well!  Lighting is fantastic and the view of the game is great from any viewpoint in the park. The scoreboard is high quality and very clear!  Great new addition to the Charlotte uptown area.
4	Our first visit here .  We thought everything was nice.  I m glad its here in uptown.  I agree with all the other positive reviews. Nice food selections.  great seats everywhere. and etc.
5	I went to a number of Knights games through the years in SC but attending games there was a wee bit "ho-hum." April 2014 - what a change! This is a beautiful field. I am really impressed with the new BB&T Ballpark. There is something for everyone here, lots of beverage and food options - just a fine night out in Charlotte. Go for date night, bring your family or just come on your own. And oh, about Charlotte - you can't beat the beautiful view of uptown.
5	Fact: I've lived here ten years and never went to a Knights game until they moved uptown. I don't even know where Fort Mill is. Okay, slightly kidding... and serious. The views from this ballpark are just amazing. The beautiful buildings of uptown make for a gorgeous backdrop.I don't really think there's a bad seat in this place. My friends bought 20 season tickets on the third base line. It's the perfect spot next to the bullpen to sit and Google info about pitchers so you have things to yell at them while they warm up.Peanuts, hot dogs... all the ballpark standbys are there. What else will you find? A huge craft beer selection served in mason jars. Queen City Q serving up BBQ on nachos and baked potatoes. Welcome to the South, ya'll. Need a pre-game or post-game spot? Picasso's, Latta Arcade, French Quarter, Mellow Mushroom are all great bars right across the street. Go ahead and accept the fact you will have to pay to park in a deck. If you by some chance find a spot open on the street, go ahead and buy a lottery ticket immediately.Welcome Knights baseball! It's great to have you uptown for a fun option outside the bars and restaurants.
5	I had traveled to Rock Hill a few times to watch the Knights the past couple of years, and it was quite obvious they were getting ready for the move.  That place was a broken down late-80's time capsule.BB&T Park is perfectly modern and right in the middle of the city with great skyline views.  One of the best aspects of the park is the ability to walk around the entire stadium and see the game from every angle.  It is also designed perfectly for AAA team, where there is not too much seating, and every seat is good.  It's great to have the ability to buy some $10 tickets on a random night and catch a game.  I can't wait to keep going back.
5	Excellent venue!  We went to a sold out game and bought on StubHub.  Guy on craigslist had seats next section over in Budweiser Club section.  No difference.  ALL seats are great! Save the $$ for food.  Beers $9, hotdogs 3-6 depending on size, toppings, pretzels $4, Salsaritas, and other food concessions there.  BEAUTIFUL sky line shot of downtown CLT.  SUPER CLEAN! Tons more restrooms in the middle than on the side sections.  Lots of places to eat or drink nearby. Starbucks up a street on the corner.  Pay to park in the parking lot across the street for $5.  Easy out and beats all of the traffic.  Get there around 5-530 and walk around for a 7 pm game.  Get parking, go eat, get a snack etc.  Was a GREAT time!  We will go back!
5	Great Ballpark! My brother got us tickets to see the Charlotte Knights (that is their team right?), and I wasn't expecting much from the minor leagues (Gooo Nats!) This is a brand new ballpark, so everything is new and clean. There were a plethora of dining options from bar-b-que, nachos, funnel cakes, and standard fare to fresh salad and hand squeezed lemonade. The lemonade wasn't that sweet, and when the employee saw me frown my face up, he offered to make me another one with more sugar water. What can I say, I spent far too many years in the ATL, so I'm obsessed with all things sweet. The beer served in plastic mason jars screamed southern love, and we loved it! Our seats were great, and with that being said, there isn't really a bad seat in the park. The knights were down by 11 when we left in the 5th or so (I always get bored at baseball games). That's pretty sad, but who cares, we still had a blast!
5	So much fun. We finally made it out for a game and had a blast. My husband and I were able to get the Budweiser seats behind the Knights dugout, so we were able to go into their lounge and sit at the tables and look out onto the field. We were feeling pretty special. I liked that the seats were padded and we were the first row so there was extra leg room. The game was entertaining, and it was $3 beer night, which had the crowd a little rowdy. What you would expect from a minor league team, lots of giveaways and crowd participation, but nobody was too serious. Fun night for the entire family.
4	I love baseball! This ballpark is great. Best beer bets: OMB stand near the left field foul pole. Also, NoDa's Knight's ale. Go Knights!
5	We went to a game at the BB&T Ballpark about a month ago. Was a rainy night and we took our 2 year old with us. The entire staff was so helpful, making sure all seats were dry right after the rain. Every one was attentive and the food was great.We are from Chicago and used to Wrigley Field, the BB&T Ballpark does leaves up to the standards of a major league.If you go there be right that you will have fun at a great price and with great atmosphere.
3	Brand new stadium with awesome view of uptown. $8 beers? No thanks
4	Yeah, so this place, pretty good!I'm going to go ahead and unleash a few gripes first since, when it's the taxpayers' dollars paying for it, you want to know that the money is being well-spent.First of all, the guys who decided to build the digital scoreboard were dumb enough to not build a back up board for when there's a technical malfunction with the original. The game I went to had NO scores, stats, info, jack shit, or fuck all for the first four innings. That's just fucking stupid to not have something as basic as a back up scoreboard in place. The digital one WILL fail again somewhere down the line and you're going to have a bunch of pissed off fans again if a back up isn't implemented.Only other negative thing worth mentioning is that the people doing fan stuff between innings are SUUUUPER annoying. Some good-looking girl with the worst announcer voice ever was the one that really caught my attention. There are tons of beautiful women in Charlotte and I'll bet most of them are less annoying than this one. Go home and practice, lady. Oh! One more: every time there's an out for the opposing team, they play some really stupid sound effects. Yo, Knights, we're not a group of fifth grade children and we're not a bunch of hicks that can't pronounce words with more than two syllables. Quit dumbing down baseball.Okay, having said all that, it's a super nice facility with some great views of the Uptown skyline. The concessions are definitely some of the best around, with tons of local food and drink options. Tickets are relatively cheap and they have $3 beer on Thirsty Thursdays.The baseball playing isn't great, but that's part of the charm of minor league.Anyway, it really is a very good place. I'm just a little disappointed in some of the things they've messed up. A lot of people are all ERMAHGERD BASEBALL IN UPTOWN CLT! But I'm not the kind of person that will give you a five star review just because you exist. I expect more.
5	The Charlotte Knights have the best attendance in Minor League Baseball. Because they are always winning? No. Because of the amazing promotions? Maybe. The most likely reason is this awesome ballpark. This is currently the best place to go for a social outing in Charlotte, whether it is with friends, coworkers, a date, or with the kids. There literally is not a bad seat in this place. Parking is easy and accessible., or you can take the train there.  Tickets are a bargain for the entertainment value. The concessions are great. Fireworks on Fridays. If you haven't been yet, you are missing out!
5	This is fantastic Triple A ballpark.What a great location just adjacent to Bank of America Stadium.Super site lines, well designed and constructed.A nice acknowledgement to the history the city of Charlotte has with professional baseball.So much nicer than driving to another state to watch a Charlotte team.Now Charlotte just needs to expand the Lynx to handle the demand for travel to this and BofA as well as other 'uptown' business.
5	Beautiful AAA ballpark. Great skyline and probably not a bad seat in the house. Good quality baseball, major-league caliber. Only downside is cost of food and drink, but what pro sporting event isn't.
4	It is nice to not have to drive to South Carolina to see a Charlotte Knights game. The BB&T Stadium is beautiful! There really is not a bad seat here. Just grab a pair of $10 tickets and go! It makes for a great night out. Parking was close, easy, and only $5. There is something for everyone at the stadium! Of course everything is over priced- you are at stadium uptown, however there are some great local craft beers, bbq, nachos, chick-fil-a, and baseball staples like hot dogs, peanuts, and cracker jacks. We took a walk all the way around the stadium to check out each section- every spot had a great view and we loved that we could make laps around the place. I think the only negatives would be:1. Center Field seats cannot see the score board.2. We went on a fireworks night and the game went past 11:00pm...so NO fireworks (we were a bit disappointed). All in all- this is a great venue and I am looking forward to more visits here with more Knights victories!
5	I love this baseball field.  Definitely not that big by any means, but its new, super clean, and the bathrooms smell like mothertrucking cinnabon.  $11 for a sam adams "mason jar" which you can refill with miller light for $6 cha ching!  There are some craft beer options as well and the view of the city is stunning.  Hopefully they will add 10 more decks and make this a pro team in 2036!
5	Awesome new ballpark, even though the Knights aren't doing too well. Great addition to uptown with beautiful views of the city skyline. I was impressed with the selection of craft brews and variety of food options. You can find good food vendors here, no need to risk it on a boring hotdog or hamburger. It is difficult to find good tickets as the Knights did a good job selling plenty of season tickets. I have been in a variety of seats from the suites to standing room only. All offer great views of the city and game. I have found most come here for a drink and socialize with friends, nothing wrong with that. As the Knights improve hopefully we can see some baseball buzz build in Charlotte.
4	Came to BB&T Park for a coworker outing & have to say this new stadium was a very nice venueI loved the fact it was right in the heart of Uptown, which meant it was within easy walking distance to our office & hotel (for us out of town travelers)Lots of concession stands to offer nibbles or drinks & everything is allowed down at your seatWhich leads me to the bad part.......there was THE most obnoxious couple sitting right beside our group & they were cursing & yelling & raising all kinds of ruckus.  Not the fault of the venue I know but when there were families w/ small children all around us ( this is a very family-friendly venue ) & signs posted everywhere that said no profanity, I'd have hoped the staff there would be holding people accountable to these rulesI mean, I have a potty mouth that'll compete w/ the best of them but I also have my manners & being a good Southern girl, I know to watch it when there are kiddies around - please mind your manners as well!In terms of logistics, seats were WAY too close together & it felt like the drunk couple were sitting right in my lap & as the guy turned around, chatting up the people behind us, let's just say my personal space was nonexistentBut on the good side, there are no large steps / bleachers so seemed like every seat offered a fantastic view of the field as we were all very close to the actionSo for offering a really nice venue w/ all the perks one could imagine, have to say we're fans.  For those extra little areas that could use some improvement, well.......
4	Even that my team (Norfolk Tides, farm team of my Baltimore Orioles) lost, I had a great time. The place was packed, likely due to it being the first season. Even that I am not a fan of the team, I hope that as seasons go by the fans keep coming. The park is very nice and there seems not to be a bad seat in the house. Nice selection of adult beverages. My only complaint was that the beer guy never came to my section, but it did not kill me to get up and get another beer. If wondering, I walked to the park from my friends place. So, I could have several beers and did. Wait, I do have one more complaint. I never saw the mascot on the concourses to get my picture with them. I was so looking forward getting my picture with Homer the Dragon.
5	I mean, what's not to love about this place?  I've been to the Knights games back when they were located in Fort Mill and while fun they lacked the vibe.  Uptown Charlotte has provided the vibe for this place in abundance.Noteably the beer selection is much better now.  I am a craft beer fan and this place has a decent selection for even me.  The food choices are equally diverse.  From a pita/wrap to a BBQ sandwich and of course peanuts and hot dogs.  The ballpark itself doesn't have a bad seat anywhere but seats are hard to find due to its popularity this year.  Parking is pretty cheap ($5) and can be found right across the street in many areas.This is a great addition to the uptown area.
4	Beautiful new baseball park in Uptown. Tickets are cheap, food and drink options are plentiful and tasty, and the city views are awesome. I don't think there's really a bad seat in the park and SRO is a fun time, too. I was pleasantly surprised by the selection in the team store. Fireworks after Friday night games are a fun bonus. I would give 5 stars except the food and drinks are a little expensive compared to other minor league parks I've been to, and several times a stand has run out of mason jars and/or my drink of choice early on in the game (signage would make this less annoying so you wouldn't have to wait in line to find out).
2	I broke and decided to pay 3.5 for a small bottle of water. I was dehydrated.  The 'employee' took my ten and handed me my water and a 5 dollar bill and said stupidly, "that's ok right??' I was in utter shock, I never purchased at venues and experienced that so i just said yea whatever. When my husband drank some of my water and did not close the cap properly, it emptied into my bag. This time I went to the person at the concession stand.  I gave her a $10.00 bill and she too gave me the wrong change! This time I spoke up. I said, what the proper change should be and she acted dumfounded but gave me my remaining change. I guess they hope naive people wont count their change but this time I was on point.
5	The nicest minor league park you'll ever visit!It's crazy how the Knights moved from a stadium that reminds you of post-apocalyptic Detroit...to the Upper East-Side of Manhattan.  Well done Charlotte Knights...well done.The stadium was laid out perfectly as you get a great view from all corners.  The view is most spectacular sitting behind the plate or down the third base line.  The Charlotte skyline was perfectly placed for our viewing pleasure.Concessions aren't overly expensive and there are quite a few options to grab while at the game.  I also like that you can grab a local beer to go along with the Carolina BBQ you'll be eating. You're also welcome to enjoy one of the many great restaurants and bars that are close by after you leave the game.  Parking is also easy as you can park in one of the nearby ramps or parking lots for $5-$10.You really knocked this one out of the park!
