5	Glad we found them!! Don't let the exterior of the building fool you. The food is awesome! The entire restaurant is spotless! It is very traditional Mexican, not the bad Mexican food you get In most Mexican restaurants in the Carolina's. The best part is the ice cold beer and the amazing service! Check this place out!
4	Very good Mexican food. Similar to what you find in AZ and CA. Very fresh tasting. Very good service. Don't let the area or outside fool you. Been there every week for the last 3 weeks.
4	This place is good!  It's most likely not the best mexican you're going to say you've ever had, but it sure isn't going to be the worst either.  Very clean and good service on my first visit and I'm definitely going back soon.  I tend to judge mexican restaurants by their salsa and theirs is some of the best I've had.  I ordered the carne asada tacos with cilantro and onion and they were very good.  Rice and beans are whatever, but for what it's worth, they were good too and definitely better than average.  If you're looking for a good mexican spot, look no further.
5	This is definitely a new favorite Mexican for me! The food is good! And I like how you have many choices of meats for some entrees you choose. They also have a good choice of liquor. Staff is very friendly and helpful! Will be going back here often vs the other Mexican down the road.
5	The best Mexican food I've ever had! And I love Mexican food. Was traveling through Charlotte and came across this place. Had the chicken tostadas. Liked that it was grilled chicken and not the nasty shredded chicken Mexican places usually serve. I was just sad that I couldn't take my leftovers with me cause they would have gone bad before I made it back home to SC. Also sad I couldn't test out a margarita! It was a quick lunch stop en route back to SC. Very similar to the Mexican food found in Arizona/southwest. I'll definitely be stopping here again on my next trip to Charlotte!
2	Not very good for lunch a couple weeks ago. Chicken was bone dry and the service was just 2 or 3 servers watching tv until they noticed my empty cup on the edge of the table.
5	The fajitas texanas were soooo good. Wanted to drink the sauce they were cooked in. Also had the carnitas sope which was great too. Definitely recommend it.
4	Finally made it to lunch here yesterday. I used to enjoy cheap lunch at Plaza Fiesta whenever I went down for gas fill-up. Now that Plaza Fiesta is gone (I wonder where did G.H. Bass move to... anyone knows?), my choice for lunch down in Carowinds Blvd is limited to basically one.  Westinghouse isn't exactly on my way to and from anywhere, but I couldn't resist my curiosity. I took a detour, and was glad that I did.I got to the restaurant shortly after 1. There's really no system to the operation; by that I mean there's not a permanent hostess, so just say hi to whoever walking by to get their attention. I recognized the man who used to run the food court location (I'm sure he didn't recognize me) and he promptly sat me at a booth.The decor is kind of groovy. Bright orange walls, Ikea style sphere paper light fixtures. The place is obviously a lot nicer than the crowded food court. I saw on their doors that they have karaokes and live music too. The lunch special menu is served during the week for $5.99. You have several options and the meat choices are little more authentic than the typical Mexican joint (thank goodness, because I'm here to have my lengua and al pastor). I was curious about the sopes, so I asked my waitress instead of having 2 sopes or 2 tacos lunch special if I can have 1 of each. She said sure but she didn't explain that she's basically ringing it up as individual items. My lunch "special" ended up being $6.75 instead $5.99, no biggie, but she could have informed me upfront. (FYI, taco is still $1.75 each, sope is $2 each, and apparently rice & beans is $2.99)Don't forget to ask for the avocado pepper sauce. It's not as hot as it used to be, but still good. I think overall it's a good cheap lunch spot.
3	One does not expect a 1960's Esquivel space age bachelor pad decor when wandering into a Mexican restaurant but here it is; looking like something out of Epcot Center/ opening year. The Kenny G flavored smooth jazz doesn't help matters much. By the time I was seated, my senses were very confused. Smelled Mexican, but it looks and sounds like The Jetsons. My first step was to order a house marg, which came accompanied by chips. A little late - but pretty good if you ask for the hotter sauce and the verde to go with.   Carnitas seemed easy - they were a good sized portion served with refried beans and rice, a splut of guacamole salad and salsa with no cheese in sight. Carnitas lacked pizazz for the only Mexican restaurant that I'd describe as "Kubrickian."  Beans and rice were passable. I asked for extra tortillas and was told they would be extra. Always take points off for that. The server was sweet and nice enough and the music choices improved  (kongos!) as time went on. It's not the worst I've had and far from the best. It's a place with a palpable identity crisis and that was foreshadowed by way of the "Help Wanted" sign on the front door.   I've heard they're bouncing back from an unexpected move and expansion, so here's to hoping they find the right combo that works. Right now, there's work to be done.
4	Very yummy FRESH AND CLEAN! Very friendly and prompt waitstaff and there's a candy place next door!!! Love this place! This will be my spot for Mexican food!
5	Great Margaritas in fact one of the best I have had as a "house"  margarita in many years. The food was also really good. We will go back.
4	Great food,  atmosphere & service. Will be back to eat.   Karaoke on Friday & Latin Nights on Saturdays nights @ 9pm.
5	Well worth the wait. Been talking about coming to this place since it opened. Stepped in in today with my wife and were seated immediately. The waitress Brenda was an absolute doll. Very sweet. The food was excellent. The margaritas we ordered were very potent. Needless to say, we will be coming back here. Thursday's are half price margaritas which sounds like a dangerous invitation to me. See you there yelpers!!
5	Outstanding food. Enchilada sauce was made on site, not out of a can, and it was dark, rich, and tasty...not talking about the mole.  Carnitas were fantastic, and the corn tortillas were top notch.  Quiet place, and service was excellent.  Great place!
5	had my first mexican sandwich and it was sooooo good!  it had hot dogs, ham, chili meat and a thin fried pork chop along with an egg and a bunch of veggies on a yummy bun.  needless to say, i was full.  it was so good.
