5	I have been to this place twice and every time they are friendly and professional. There rates are very reasonable and they even have a free membership program where you can earn free services. I got my eyes brows threaded, a Brazilian wax and a pedicure for less then $80. I will keep going back here they do a great job and they also offer advise with a home care.
5	I've been seeing Lacey for about a year now. She always does an awesome job on my hair and is really affordable!I'm naturally a brunette (shh, don't tell anyone) but she turns me into a totally believable blonde. I've gotten threaded there a few times too. There's only one guy who does it, I'm not sure what his name is but he does a great job. I had a way better experience here than at "eyebrows'r'us" and the hair stayed away longer.
5	Lacy was sweet and booked the appointment.My facial was awesome.  I was so stressed about life and the facial that included a great massage took me away...........  Thank you Pratik !And the threading to my eyebrow was unbelievable.  Looks great and it was finished in minutes.The prices are incredible.
5	I love that you can book online. I had my eyebrows threaded and a pedicure. My eyebrows looked great afterwards. Not too thin not too full. My pedicure was very relaxing and my toenails came out looking great. I love that it is obviously a family business.They also sell Indian jewelry and clothing. Tribal bellydance ladies might want to stop by.
1	I'm not one to dish out one star reviews all willy nilly, but this place really bugged me. I purchased a Living Social deal for hair services and was looking forward to using them. I tried calling on several occasions and couldn't get a hold of them, so I went to their web site where they had an online appointment calendar. Since I couldn't get a hold of someone on the phone, this was the next best thing. I booked online and thought nothing of it, until the next day when a very irritated-sounding lady from the salon called to say that I booked online for a time when they are not there. Um, how was I supposed to know since it was available on their calendar? I explained to her that I would obviously have preferred to booked over the phone, but I was having a hard time getting anyone to answer the phone. Fine, finally I'm able to book an appointment. So, I let this incident slide.I arrive on time for my scheduled appointment on Saturday at 10:30 am only to find the salon not only closed (despite the hours on the door clearly stating that they are open at 10am), but also one of their employees standing outside, locked out as well. She apologized for the mix up and explained that she couldn't get a hold of them on the phone to let her in either and that she was extremely embarrassed. She offered to take my name and number and promised to call as soon as she heard anything (she didn't). I wandered over to Walmart (which is in the same complex as the salon) in hopes of finishing up some errands and hopefully drive by a little later to find the salon open. Alas, they were still closed an hour later when I wandered by. At this point I am totally over it. I call Living Social to get my money back. The Living Social customer service agent gave the salon a call and said even they got the run around, so they refunded me my entire amount and apologized for the inconvenience. About five hours later I finally get a voicemail from the salon attempting to reschedule my appointment. Too little, too late in my book.
1	I stopped by after seeing a "Right Now" groupon for highlights. The hair stylist is off Sundays. So why is a groupon for hair services being sold?
2	This review is for their 2nd location at 3900 Paradise Road ...Purchased a Groupon for $22 for a traditional mani/pedi. Sorry ladies, but this was probably the worst mani/pedi I've ever received. My gal (she did not introduce herself at any point) was nice enough, but she did a half-assed job on both services.  Very little cutical trimming, nail shaping, or nail cleaning.  Very disappointing. :(Worst of all was the manicure ... Not sure if it is their crappy base coat or crappy top coat (which was obviously old, and way too thick and stringy), but by noon of my first day wearing it, every nail on my right hand had chipped badly!  I also have bubbles on my thumbs from the gloppy, old top coat. Yuck.Should have known it wouldn't be a good experience, when I walked in for my appt., and the receptionist asked me to pick a color from the selection ... ON THE FLOOR.  Really?  You've been open for 2 months, but can't afford a shelf for nail polish?  What-evs ... But I certainly will not return.  It is a damn shame, too, since they have an awesome location on Paradise and are close to my home.
4	Second time I've been to this place for a facial and here are a few Do's and Don'ts:DO check out the website for spa services (pretty low prices)DO come in for eyebrow threading (owner does an amazing job here)DO check out the boutique for unique clothingDON'T expect a lavish Spa/SalonDON'T expect the spa room where facial is being done to be closed off from the main room (supposedly under renovation, so there is not a closed off ceiling)Don't expect soothing music all the time (first time I had a facial, trance type music was playing in the main room while soothing music was being played in my facial room.  However, since there wasn't a closed off ceiling, I could hear the party music that was blaring in the main room.  Second time was quiet)So if you are wondering why I went back, well after the first facial, I had to let the owner how I felt about it.  I had many facial before, and that was a very below-par experience.  He apologized and asked me to come back and he will personally do my facial.  I came back 1.5 months later to learn that he had let that one aesthetician go since she did not perform the facial correctly.  He did an amazing job and I can see pass that he does try to offer the best service to his customer.  If you can see pass the DON'Ts, you should give this place a try.  I will definitely come back every month for the eyebrow threading.
1	I purchased 2 groupons from this location for mani/pedi services  for $22. I thought this was a great deal and the paridise location is near my apartment. My first appointment was double booked and I had to come back the next day with no apology from the staff nor any compensation for my time. When I returned for my rescheduled appointment, the pedicure tub jets were broken and the nail polish slection was very minimal and unorganized. During my nail treatment, my manicurist messed my polish many times and had to redo the paint job 3 times. Even so,  my manicure polish began to chip/fade the next day.  The staff here was very unprofessional;  my manicurist bad mouthed her boss to another coworker in front of myself and another patron. I would definitely not return here again. I had groupon refund my second coupon.
4	Bought a Groupon for $20 for a full face threading session. The girl doing it was pretty nice and fast. The only reason I'm giving it four out of five stars is because she threaded my eyebrows thinner than I wanted her to, especially after I notified her that I didn't want my eyebrows any thinner than they already were. Otherwise, everything else was great. Will definitely go back.
5	WE love Lacey. Have had my daughter's hair colored and cut for two years. She does an absolutely GREAT JOB! Makes you feel important and it's worth your time to go there!!! Have nothing back to say about her. We will absolutely not go anywhere else!!!
2	I wish I could give this place a better review, but then I would be misleading everyone.Myself and 3 of my friends bought the groupon deal for the traditional manicure/pedicure.  We are all part of a wedding that will take place on Friday.  We went to Vegas for the bachelorette party this past weekend and planned to get our nails done in the process.  Huge mistake to get them done here.It's only been a few days and my nails are chipping.  Not only that, the girl who did my feet actually made them rougher than when I came in.  But the icing on the cake is the job they did on the bride's nails.  She got the gel and paid extra.  I've never seen her so upset.  They looked awful (like the tips were taller than the rest of the nail).  The UV light made her fingers sting and her cuticles were tugged at in an aggressive manner.  The only reason I gave them two stars is because the girls were nice, but our nails looked really amateur.  I seriously could have done a better job on myself and I suck at doing my own nails.  :(
1	I can't even bring myself to give this place ONE star because they don't even deserve that! Customer service is horrible. The owner can't even be there for his scheduled appointments. And I don't know about anyone else but if someone touches your eyebrows you probably consistently want them to maintain them for you on a regular basis. This place could give 2 flying pigs! Every time you go it's a different face and by the 4th time you go you've got some hack job going on, on your eyebrows and are most likely missing half of one.. Did I learn my lesson after that?? Of course not.. I thought I was getting a deal when the owner was going to do my lash extensions for $35. He failed to tell me that he was basically perma-gluing cluster falsies on my upper eyelids causing them to burn and become severely irritated! I had to painfully pull each and every last one out the very next morning because I couldn't take the pain anymore. Go to Fabulous Eyebrows on Durango.. The owner is great at what she does and is very personable and listens to what you want her to do for you. For lash extensions. Spend the extra $$ and go to Cherry Lash Lounge on Rainbow. They have 3 qualified levels of artist who actually are licensed for the job instead of these beauty chop shops like Ancient Spa. There's nothing Ancient or spa like at this place.. Just a couple of beauty quacks if you ask me and I hope the State Board of Cosmetology pays them a visit soon!
1	I wasn't impressed with this place at all!! When I walked in the girl at the front desk was eating and they didn't have my appointment in the computer. They were able to fit me in so I walked back to the chair and there was hair all over the floor and there seemed to be piles of clutter everywhere. The towels were stained & ripped. Then they did one of my least favorite things where they try to do two clients at once.  Which never works out well and your appointment always takes forever. My color turned out ok but I wasn't impressed with the cut. She started to blow dry my hair but then said she didn't have time to finish it. I tried this place because I bought a groupon for the cut & color but I won't be going back. Thankfully I hadn't paid full price for this appointment.
5	This is the one place that I will always recommend to my friends to get their eyebrows done!Everyone that works at this location are friendly yet professional. They have good hours and you can either make an appointment or walk in. Pratik does a great job at threading because he is fast and smooth. He has an eye for detail and will make sure you are completely satisfied before you leave. Whether you need an eyebrow threading or a full face threading, this is the place to go!
4	This is a really nice place I went on a groupon and had Fahimeh do my hair she did a full set of low lights and a hair cut my hair has never looked so good. Its a small shop but it has just about anything you could want from a salon. I had my eye brows done they look great. Only thing I would change would be the hair sink you put your head in to get washed it was a bit small and uncomfortable other than that very friendly people I will be back.
4	Best eye brown treading and brazilain wax for a deal  ! the brow threading is like $7 and brazialin around $35-40 I believe,they always do great job and friendly staff each time I go there and no appointment is nessary and they get it done real quick.
3	great place...when they were open.  Storefront is now abandonded.  Oh well.
4	I love this place! Good customer service!
