3	The Matador must be a Phoenix landmark for a reason. My guess is location, location, location. They've been serving better-than-average Mexican classics to hungry bankers, construction workers and sports fans for over 25 years. We've been here after games twice and I can say there is definitely better Mexican food out there. But the food was tasty -- especially the chips and hot salsa. On the down side, service is poor and the highlight of the dark, 70's decor is the kitschy matador mural on the wall.
3	I have been to the Matador for both lunch (it's short walk from the courthouse when you have jury duty) and at night when it becomes a latin club, all I can say is... *holds hand out and wiggles it in a 'so-so' motion*With both the food and the club, it's nothing bad, but nothing to write home about.
3	My family have been going to Matador since before my parents were born! LOL! it's the truth! It used be the smallest little hole in the wall and is now a great place to eat when downtown.It can be a bee-yotch in a half to find a parking space on the street so I always head straight for the garage. When you enter the doors, it's a large place from another time.And this is so because this place hasn't been redecorated since before I was born! I admit it's not the chicist place, but then again, pretentious places suck! But if you go, I insist on a booth near the window! It's a great feeling, so just sit and relax in the indirect light and munch on the free chips and salsa (which is BEST when the two salsas are mixed together with a light dash of salt! I prefer two parts mild to one part hot!)  cuz well... it might be a while before your server will come to take ur order!The service isn't the greatest and I don't recommend going when in a rush. I particularlly like the combination dinner. You can any three out of several items with rice & beans. My fav is two beef tacos, cheese enchilada w/ rice & beans. :) Sometimes when i'm the mood for something different, I get the Greek Gyro platter! it's AMAZING!! I've only had gyros in two places, so i'm no inficianado, but it's still good!! I'd go in the late afternoon and early evening when it's not so busy. Avoid the lunchtime rush. Mix ur salsas and enjoy!!
3	I went here awhile ago and have been meaning to write a review ever since. I went with my family when they were in town. I'm a sucker for a strong margarita and good guacamole and I was fairly unimpressed by both at the Matador. The ambiance was kinda nice. It had a weird feel for a Mexican restaurant, but I'm into variety so that was ok.Basically, it was average. Not spectacular. The fact that (I hear) it's a family place that's been around forever does definitely lend some cred to it (for me at least). But I would say it didn't wow me by any means.
3	I go here often for just one thing---The Menudo!  It is a Mexican version of Vietnamese Fau(sp?) Soup.  I get all the fixin's with it: red pepper flakes, oregano, lemon wedges, chopped onions, and cilantro!  Mixed all together and spoon away!  They ask you if you want corn or four tortillas...I get the corn, which adds more flavor to the experience, then a bland flour tortilla will.  Menudo at this restaurant, is served all through the week, though typically at other Mexican food restaurants, it is served primarily on Saturday and Sunday...Not sure why?The seating can hold large parties of up to thirty or more or a comfy couple....The setting is strangely old, and on Sundays there is a Mariachi band that comes around and woos you to another time and space in Mexicana Latin Style and flair!Parking is a pain, so be ready to walk a distance from the parking garage.  Service is so-so....You have to sometimes hunt down the waiter for coke refills....
2	Let me preface this by saying that I LOVE Mexican food......and its really hard (in my opinion) to f*$k it up!My girlfriend and I decided to try this local establishment this past weekend....couldn't have been much more disappointed!It was busy....some local convention going down in the area...anyhow, we were sat quickly....Our drink order was taken...had to custom order our Margs....I mean who still drinks them with sweet and sour??  So we got them (after what seemed like an eternity!)OK.....this was the one good thing about the experience.....the margs were top notch!  (but you have to remember....tequila, cointreau and lime juice...that's it NOTHING more....)Now...on to the food....if I had to choose one word to sum it up.....wait for it....wait for it....ATROCIOUS!!The chips were good but the salsa sucked....tasted like pizza sauce, I mean really how hard is good salsa...I ordered.....carne asada........a staple in the catalog of good Mexican fair....but  NO...it was horrible (believe it or not, I'm being kind here!)  It was a cut of meat that I'd never seen served in this capacity.......not sure what the h&ll it was...only thing I know for sure, it was bad....over cooked, and chewy...how does that happen?Luckily, my patient and lovely girlfriend decided on the Chicken fajitas......thank god!they were at least a 7 on the scale....so we filled up on those...every once and a while taking a bite of my less than stellar second place dish!The beans were 'ok'...the rice...well lets just say that the "San Fransiscotreat' could have been a better showing!Side note.....some one should let these people in on something...the "leather' aprons that the bussers wear.....yeah, you guessed it...they look straight out of Hostel....you know, the ones that the killers wore.....not really "setting the atmosphere" if you ask me!All in all....the only reason I can give them two stars instead of one....the Margs.....great drinks can do a LOT to improve a bad experience!Do yourself a favor.....skip this one all together.....Second side note....all the 'best of Phoenix' awards don't mean squat.....if they are from the early 80's....
2	Been here twice, and I cant say either time was a thrilling experience. One thing I can say as a plus is the bartenders at lunch are always friendly and quick. The food so, not so great. I can never eat it all, the portions are extremely generous, but it's never very high quality. Just kinda seems like it is coming from a slop kitchen, and not really fit for a human. The house margaritas are actually pretty good, and a fair value. I recommend hanging out with a margarita and some chips and salsa (also pretty good) and then moving elsewhere for dinner. Call me crazy, but restaurants that leave me feeling sluggish and greasy are never my favorites.
2	I wanted sushi and was willing to drive my friends to PV for Yasu Sushi Bistro (highly recommended by me!) but they were too tired and wanted something within a block or two of the Hyatt. They asked the concierge, who recommended this place as very good! Has she ever had good Mexican food, or is she getting kickbacks?The Matador Restaurant is across from the Hyatt Hotel, in the center of downtown. It has been in business since 1976, is large, and IMO, "Bleh".It is owned by a Greek Family for one. All 32 years. All the Mexican dishes and specialites were mostly from one of their first cooks. Great, make your cook create all the recipes for authentic dishes and you make all the money. There is even a small Greek section of the menu which offers low end Greek dishes (Gyros Sandwich, Gyros Plate, Greek salad, Feta Cheese plate, and something called Shrimp a-la Mike!)The menu has print so small, only a search light and magnifying glass can decipher it. They do have some authentic dishes, like menudo, carnitas, lengua con chile verde; and the basics like enchiladas, tacos, tamales, tostadas, chimichangas, carne asada, chalupas, fajitas and flautas. They bring you chips and two types of salsa. We ordered (extra) guacamole, and it didn't taste or look very fresh, like they mixed a jar of paste with a couple of avacadoes. The Margaritas were uninspired and weak. I tried the Machacas (sauteed shredded beef) which was moist but lacked flavor, and was supposed to be with green chilis, tomatos, and onions with rice and beans for $10.95). 3 others in my group were unimpressed with the food, and they were French Canadien (So what do they know about Mexican food, except when it isn't good!).They also have steaks and chicken dishes, but why bother? The food was passable but would not entice you to come again, unless you got drunk at a ball game at the local Chase Field stadium and were starving.
2	I am mexican...and I know mexican food.Food here is greasy and old.I was there three times while at a conference at the convention center...I stayed the night at the Hyatt during the time.I ordered Chicken Flautas and the plate came with rice and beans.  The rice was dry and looked as if it was at least 2 days old..left in the open air..the top of it was dry crusty...yuck.  I felt the food was slopped on my plate and it was VERY greasy.  Place is very casual..but the carpets are REALLY dirty and smelly...almost as if someone urinated in the dark corners...this place converts to a night club on certain nights..so maybe thats why the place smells like spilled drinks and vomit and urine in the dark corners.....Drinks were delish.... the Bartender Pamela is a sweetheart and the only reason I gave this place a 2nd and 3rd chance...I mainly went there for the free appetizers and sat at the bar and talked to Pamela while she served me yummy sweet drinks!  You can't get a bartender like her ANYWHERE!! just wish the food was better!
2	This place has the weirdest fish tacos I've ever had... they were good.The grilled cod was ground up and mixed with cilantro and green onions (kind of like taco meat). It was well spiced and pretty good.Other than that, the most remarkable thing about this place is how long it has survived downtown. It's fine in a pinch, but definitely not a destination.
3	the bf and finally decided to brave the LR to go downtown...well to get out of the house. i tried recommending some places i liked along the rail to hit up for lunch, but he was set on trying something new for our "journey of personal discovery" as we had began referring to our LR adventure.got off at jefferson/washington and central/first ave since there's plenty of lunch spots. right away i honed in on thai elephant, a place i wanted to try out, but since we were in that off between lunch and happy hour time downtown, it was closed for another hour. continued to meander til we found matador. $9 enchiladas isn't normally my take on mexican food, but the $10 pitcher of margaritas sold us.for quite possibly the first time in my life, i was not in the mood for mexican food. i can't explain. fortunately this place has alternatives, but more than like the usual one burger on every mexican menu (i always wondered who goes to a mexican restaurant and orders a burger - damn, i was gonna be one of those people? i wasn't sure how i felt about this) but they also had like french dips, and tuna sandwiches and gyros?!?! i guess since it's downtown they're going for a "catch-all" crowd of lunchers. i braved the gyro - a risky move, but i banked on "homemade cucumber dressing" that came with it.shocking - it was delicious. the pita was toasty golden, with plenty of thinly sliced, bacon shaped pieces of gyro, along with onion, tomato, pickle (weird) and fries. the food came out literally two minutes after we ordered, so it was HOT and good. the BF got the colorado burrito (when he asked the server, who seemed out of sorts and older - maybe the manager called in to replace a no show?, she seemed confused by his calling it exactly as it appeared on the menu, then said "oh, the burro." look lady, a burrito and a burro is the same goddamn thing, condensend me, man...)anyway, he ate the whole damn plate of enormous burrito and said it was good, but the "chili"-like filing she described he compared to dinty moore. ouch. well, my gyro from a mexican place was delicious, so we'll call it at wash at2.5 stars? was three, knocked a star because the margaritas had little to no tequila and was a waste of $10, got another half a star back bc that was seriously a delicious gyro sandwich.
1	I wont be back here again,  Ever.    Can one give less that 1 star? It is a bummer as I used to frequent this place as it is conveniently located for me.  Pamela the bartender is a sweetheart and works hard to recognize people by name.   Personalized service like hers helped me to overlook issues like the significant cleanliness challenges that are easy to spot if you look around.   If you think I am joking go into the bar and look up a the light fixtures.   That fuzzy stuff is probably 10+ years of dust.  Carpets are dingy and smells like old beer.  This place rocks as a nightclub on weekends I dont think that cleanliness is the priority......anyhow....I spent a lot of money there over the years, mainly for lunch or after work cocktails with friends.  Never more..... not because of the issues outlined above, but it is beacuse how I was treated when visiting the establishment not long ago.   Pamela was not working that day (sadly) and the male bartender decided that he was more interested in lecturing me on his beliefs than he was in serving my drinks and taking my money.  He had an issue, and apparently I was the target and cause of his rantings.   He was sad about the lack of customers and decided it was my fault as I mentioned I worked downtown.   His rants about downtown businesses was unorthodox and uncalled for.   I drank my beer and hurried out reminding myself never to set foot in the place again.  No wonder they are lacking for customers.    There are more and more restaurants downtown.  Time to step it up or get out of the way Matador!
2	Stopped by for breakfast. Sat outside. Promptly served 2 glasses of ice water and a menu. Chose Bacon & Eggs for $8.95. Ridiculous price, but came with beans and hash browns and thick-sliced, very fresh, bakery bread toast. Ordered soda which came half-way through my meal. My server, Jesus, who was very hard to understand, explained it was due to "macheen broke".  Food came within minutes of ordering and was decent. Generous amount (6) thick-sliced bacon. Only complaint is, Jesus never returned to replenish my water, or collect the check. Employees do convey an "anxious-to-serve" approach, but seem rattled, confused and "tripping-over-each-other" for your attention. Nice and refreshing to see, but strangely executed. Friendly, and welcoming. Overall, just o.k.
4	Dined with a good friend of mine while in town, so the slow(ish) service was no bother. Actually, we had good service. They were on top of my need for water with lots of ice.Lisa had the chile rellanos and she said they were good. The portion was large and she took about half home.I got the chimichanga. It was a delight. The meat was done perfectly and was very flavorful and not at all bland. Usually my rice goes uneaten, but this rice was about the best Mexican rice I've ever had. The beans were as I like them; full of cheese. They have 2 sauces that come with the chips, one a chipotle, which I'm not a fan of, the other a spicy red which I slathered on top of my food.I'm sort of shocked at the low stars this place has gotten. My experience was grand and that's no bull! (Matador; bull; get it?)
2	OMG NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!like Grand Master Flash said about the white lines "Don't Do It"Rang dang diggedy dang di-dang Diggedy dang di-dang diggedy dang di-dangmy Torta Burro had no flava-dang, i was sad panda mangthis business has been in operation too long and clearly the owners (i doubt the original owners) stopped giving a shit. if they did the average rating wouldn't be 2.5 stars. i remember this place as a kid, i don't remember ever eating here. so i really cannot comment on how great it was. but like Sing High, the downtown nostalgia restaurants are extremely scary. just avoid this...it's not good. my plate looked sad, just a naked burro with a side of hashbrowns that were hardly crispy anywhere. the salsa was tasty, but i would hardly add a star to it. the service was compitant, but i couldn't understand her. i couldn't blame my ADD on it. my friend liked the menudo, but i wouldn't make that a saving grace for this place. cool logo on the building. very retro..but do not be fooled by it.
2	I went out to Matadors with my friend Sara on a Sunday night. Walking into Matadors is like walking into a super Wal-Mart at 2am; empty, Large and impressive. There was more staff standing around than patrons. We sat at the bar and I whipped my computer out to start my meeting and ordered an ala Carte seafood burrito and a bottle of beer. Sara's attempt to sober up with water is acknowledged and ridiculed for a few seconds I get into my meeting and the food comes. The seafood inside of the burrito was not really seafood at all. Sara describes the mash inside the wrapped tortilla as consuming half cooked sea monkeys. The only saving grace on this boring tasteless plate was the refried beans. Soft and cheesy, the beans saved the day. I order another dos equis lager and put my attention back to my online meeting. From the corner of my ear I hear the twinkling keys of the old time piano in the corner. I look up to see Sara stroking the ivories in the dark corner of the bar. She is on the phone with her mother excited she can remember a tune played when she was a child. We leave Matadors with... "Let's blow this taco stand"... The bill was less than $30 bucks.
4	I've only ever had breakfast here so I can't speak to the rest of the menu on any given day.  That being said this was the 3rd time.  I love their Chorizo and eggs, flavors o'plenty.  Yes I am a fan and will continue to be.  The place is very clean and the servers gave me all the attention I could possible stand.  Parking as with any downtown eatery could be a little problematic but quite doable if you allow enough time.  This is one of those favorite places that you go to again and again when your coming from out of town and you don't want to eat at a chain establishment and want some local fair... I travel a fair amount an you can't get a breakfast like this in the mid-west or back east.  It's always truly enjoyable.
1	This place would be out of business if it were not located next to 3 hotels and the convention center. It is not completely horrible, but I would recommend walking a few blocks up to Arizona Center complex where they have 3 or 4 different choices. If you are staying at the hotels and need some quick take out, sure this place will work (across the street). But if you are on vacation and planning a sit down dinner, don't waste one of your few vaca nights here.
3	I like the Matador. The food is not Gourmet, but everyone in our group enjoyed it. The prices are reasonable ($10-12 entree and sides). Some of the wait staff is a but slow, but the place is enjoyable and if you are not in a hurry, just sit back and enjoy. It is actually Greek owned and the Shrimp a-la-Mike is an amazing dish that I have cravings for. I usually order the Combination Mexican plate. The bar is rather eclectic. The patio is great when the weather is nice. Park in the Garage (enter on 2nd. Street off Adams) and get them to validate and it is only a couple bucks. I hope my review helps you see there are issues, but also it is a place that I look forward to going to just know what to expect and you will enjoy it.
3	So this isn't the best Mexican food in town by far, but it isn't the worst either.  My sister works just down the street from here, so we have met for lunch there a handful of times.  The decor is pretty old school and the menu is kinda all over the place with Mexican and American dishes, but they do the stand-bys pretty well.The lunch specials are really the only reason we go back....Two Enchiladas with rice and beans is like $6 on Thursdays...and the service is so fast that if you are in a rush, you can still go to a sit-down place.  They have been there forever, so they must be doing something right.
3	UPDATE:  The El Matador closed its doors in March 2012 http://www.azfamily.com/news/Matadors-Restarant-Closing-Down-144045526.htmlI remember the old rival El Matador / Nogales restaurants from the 70's (and much earlier) and lament the urban renewal that destroyed the best and cheapest mexican food in town.  They were neighboring, competitor businesses owned by branches of the same family.  They had separate entrances but you could go from one to another through a doorway toward the back.Alas, the Matador family-branch took the buyout money and rebuilt across the street from the also-rebuilt  Adams Hotel downtown.  It fancied up, raised the prices, and went all to hell.  The decor is nice and the music soundtrack is excellent. I only go there anymore on Sundays, from 10am to 1pm, for the free mariachi show.  It is a very good group, Mariachi Tierra del Sol, of seven or eight musicians (hence the extra star).  I get the overpriced, blah breakfast just to enjoy the tunes.  I must say that they serve a pretty good cocido, only on Sundays, that is not on the menu...ask for it.If it were not for the, downtown-captive businessmen and conventioneers, this place would have closed long ago.  The mariachi bring in a crowd on Sundays, after church, especially around Mexican national holidays.  It is probably a nice place for drinking, the bar is quite attractive.  Maybe they have to keep prices up to stay open in the iffy downtown market and "americanize" the mexican food for the damyankee business visitors, transplants and snowbirds.   I suppose the Nogales Restaurant branch of the family just took the money and retired.With the economy crash and the impact of SB1070 this is one of only three places left in the Valley with a regularly scheduled mariachi show.   Go on Sunday for the show
3	I have been here for lunch and dinner. Nothing fantastic, but i always left full and satisfied. I enjoy the chips and salsa and the mexican food is ok. I've had better and worse. I haven't tried the greek food there (yeah wierd..greek and mexican on the same menu) but my buddy tried the gyro and enjoyed it. The service has always been good and the food is relatively inexpensive. Its also walking distance to any event in downtown Phoenix and they have a full bar so if you want drinks before a concert of game they got you covered.
3	I've been here several times for various work lunches.  While this is never my first pick, I don't mind eating here.  Typically, the service seems a little slow during lunch (even when they are not very busy), so don't go if you are short on time.  While most people go for the Mexican food, which I think is OK, I heard once the owners are actually Greek and that is why there are some Greek items on the menu.  Not sure if that is true, but I decided to try something a little lighter than my usual Mexican dish.  Surprisingly they have a really good Greek Salad and pita bread!
3	Six of us stopped in here for lunch earlier this week.  Our service was actually quite good, maybe because we got there at about 11:30.  An hour later the place was jam packed.  They do have a take out counter if you're in a time crunch.They had quite the variety on their menu, Greek, burgers...even grilled cheese!  My friends told me they'd disown me if I ordered grilled cheese at a Mexican restaurant, so I got the chicken fajita salad.  This salad was so big they had to carry it out on it's own platter.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and all the veggies were fresh.  The other folks at my table ordered some of the $6 specials of the day (tacos and burritos) and those looked really tasty as well.
3	As a tourist we stopped here before leaving the Phoenix area. It had great parking garage above the Restaurant and was told by someone that it would be validated. Turned out the Restaurant only validates half of if. Ugggh. Went in side, cool looking place. Fairly packed on a Sunday. Ordered our food with a nice waitress. We had chips, very watery salsa. Not very good. Our food came out fairly fast, and then the Mariachi started I really liked that. My lil niece enjoyed it as well. The food was good and satisfying. But the did notice the menu is all over the place. Burgers, sandwiches, Mexican food. If I am in that area again, I would go back to try again.
3	The food was good - nothing extra special.  I like that you get guacamole with your meal and that they have lingua on the menu.  I will have to go back and try it.  The things I did not like were they sat our group of 10 right by the server station.  It's awkward to overhear their conversations.  The service seemed a bit lackluster.  It was almost as if they were not intrested in a big group coming in.  Our server was pretty good, but not overly friendly.  I will definately try this place again and update.
4	One of my favorite places for breakfast. Go for the chorizo con huevos or huevos rancheros. Noms!!
2	What's a matador? Nothing fella I just don't want to open up because the food behind me is horrible.Seriously the food is really bad.  We live in AZ.  How can a Mexican restaurant get Mexican food so wrong?  Should my beans be orange?  I got the chilli verde burrito enchilada style and the beef was a disgusting color of salmon and didn't taste any better than it looked.Service was great.  I was served promptly and and my food came out quickly.  That is the only reason for the two stars.
4	I was in the area on my way to the convention center when I stopped in for some lunch.  Place is only a half a block from the convention center so location was awesome! I know the place seems to be geared for Mexican cuisine, but their menu was a little all over the place.  They have sandwiches, Mexican food, and Mediterranean food.  I went with a grilled cheese sandwich, why not.  It was a huge grilled cheese on sour dough bread nice and buttery with a huge side of seasoned fries. It was soo good! I asked for a side of ranch and it was yummy!  I don't eat downtown to much but if I go to another convention I'll sure stop in for another grilled cheese.
2	Tried this place for lunch, had the chicken burro and have to agree with the other reviewers. I wouldn't recommend Matador and am still baffled that it was packed at lunchtime.
1	Service was slow. Waiter knew little about what they served. They didn't even offer sangria. My meat on my enchilada wad tough and flavorless. It's hard to do Mexican this bad, but they pulled it off.
4	This is an emotional review. We have gone on vacation to Sedona twice and both times we have come here for Mexican and a pitcher of margaritas before we drive from phoenix to Sedona. It is the start of a wonderful week. The food has been a solid 3 stars both times but the pitchers of margaritas are cheap and pretty damn good. They have a decent patio. This place makes me happy lol.
4	I would give this place 5 stars because I love the chorizo breakfast so much but the service here is not always 5 stars.  If I had one complaint that is what it would be since it is very hit or miss.  I have come to expect bad service and I somehow always come out very pleased (sorry if that sounds bad), but I love the chorizo at this place.  It may be the best I have ever had and it is consistently perfect.  I also love the atmosphere and location.  A perfect morning for me would start at sitting along the windows in front in a booth while eating chips, salsa, chorizo, & coffee? ha ha, yes I drink coffee with my chips and salsa at this place.  I cant help it, I am a fan of Matador and I am sticking to it.  The bar seems cool and I have never been here for dinner but I am sure it is gets busy since it is a very large place.  Also the hot sauce is very good here, it has a nice garlic flavor and spicy just like I love it.  I usually mix it with the regular salsa so my family can share.
1	I am from Chicago where authentic Mexican restaurants are abundant. I would not consider what I ate yesterday at Matador Mexican food. The waiter brought chips & salsa to the table. The salsa was a spicy red sauce that I would pour over pasta....I'm dead serious! The fish taco entree arrived quickly. There was a ton of fish which was nice, but it came with a side of shredded "cheddar" cheese, shredded cabbage and chopped tomato. The rice & beans that came with were no better. I think the rice was Rice-O-Roni and the beans had a think layer of burnt "cheddar'" cheese on top. WTF am I suppose to do with that?This was my first meal in AZ. It has to get better than that.
3	Consistently good Mexican food in downtown Phoenix!  The service is friendly and quick and the food is pretty good.
3	I was told this was the best place for Mexican food in the downtown PHX area, so I tried it without checking Yelp first. I would have to say it was just ok, the decor, the service and the food was not "mexican" as I know it. Maybe living in SoCal for a while has jaded me, but the tacos were bland, the rice terrible and the beans not flavorful. I should have taken notice when the chips and salsa were tasteless, but figured it was full of people, so THEY must know something. The prices were reasonable and overall I've had worse, but EXPECTED more from "the best mexican food" in downtown PHX.
4	Reviews here had me worried. But I wanted to take friends to this Phoenix icon before the Symphony. Fantastic green corn tamale. Salsa good. Margarita pitcher a little strong, but tasty! I hadn't eaten here in 20 years since I used to work downtown. So close to all the action when you have a downtown event. Go if you haven't been.
5	I almost didn't go there for dinner because of these bad views and that would have been a big mistake!The food was extraordinary (we had enchiladas, shrimp fajitas and my friend had the tamales).we ordered a pitcher of margarita and it was VERY strong on the tequila.I'll definitely go back!
3	Matador Restaurant was not great but the food was good.  I ordered the beef enchilada dinner.  Before my entree arrived I was given the standard chips & salsa.  Before I could get the bottom of the chip bowl my dinner was already on it's way over.  Service was prompt and fast.The enchilada dinner left much to be desired for the price I paid (nearly $12).  It was no better than your local hole in the wall joint where the same meal will be much cheaper.The restaurant itself was pleasantly odd.  It looks kind of like a Mexican themed diner with a bar attached at the other end.Matador is not a place I would go out of my way to visit and would not top my list of places to take friends and family but if you're already downtown and want to hang with friends and family go ahead and give Matador a shot.  Just expect to pay a bit more than your local place.
4	Badass Decor.   Incredible Salsa.   Great service.   Good food.COME ON!    This place was closest to my hotel but I almost skipped it for a taco bar place because of these reviews about the food and salsa.    Lucky for me we decided to try it.   And to the reviewer with 1 * who says CHICAGO is home of authentic mexican?    I laugh at you.   I suppose if you think Chicago is authentic Mexican, then your 1* actually makes sense  (yes, I've lived in Chicago)Old style bar (beautiful) and woodwork.   Cool patio.   Service prompt, thorough, often, and with a smile.    Huge spaces with tons of tables for large groups.Salsa: They bring you two types.   In mini-pitchers so you don't run out.   And they are both GREAT.    And thick.   And spicy.   And "guaranteed authentic".Fajitas were good.   Enchiladas were good.   Rice was good.   Based on the rest of my experience I would assume most things there were good.   The Bad: No Micheladas.   Flour tortillas seemed homemade, but something was off - I think we got older ones / stale - either make them fresh or change your recipe - something there needs a change.
4	I've eaten at Matador almost once a month for about15 years. I won't get into the logistics of others reviews. I give the higher than average star rating based on service and the salsa. Service was really good: the wait staff is always nice and attentive. Never a bad experience.The salsa is fresh and good. Made chunk style with fresh green peppers and they provide, in abundance two kinds (I like to think of myself as a salsa expert...both the eaten and the dancing type ;)!!). They also fry their own tortilla chips. Ok, so anyway for AZ/MEX it's good, not great. The combo plate is good, with a tamale, a taco and a cheese enchilada. This is food that is cooked for high volume. You can get much better in Arizona, granted but for downtown, it works. Lunch is always packed, especially later in the week for the specials. Decor is old Mexican: still reminds of the days when most of the politico's would come down from the capital on main street to eat in the 70's and 80's. I love it. It looks dated inside and the booths are red leather. I've never experienced the bar or the adult beverages at Matador so I can't comment on the quality but it looks impressive. One more thing: its a landmark in downtown. Anyone who works the downtown area knows this place and goes there once in awhile (they will admit it) for a quick AZ/MEX fix.
5	I have been going to the Matador since I was in grade school. They have consistently good no-frills Mexican food and I much prefer it over the chain locations that are around. It's a nice large location downtown and has been renovated since many of the reviews on here were posted. Yes, the service has been slow from time to time over the years but I haven't ever had any more trouble here than at most other restaurants. It's a locally owned family business that has been in the family for over 30 years. If you're looking for something gourmet, then this is not your place. If you are looking for the Mexican version of comfort food, give it a try!
5	I have eaten at the Matador since the 80s and the food has been consistently good.  I like the large downtown location - it's convenient and there's room to meet up with all of your friends before or after an event.  The full service bar is great - really old-fashioned with lots of wood.   Love the salsa (both kinds!) and the service has always been acceptable - sometimes a bit slow when they are busy, but if you have a deadline, they are happy to hurry your order along.  Great food, friendly service, and a convenient location - what more can you ask?  I even had the Matador cater my daughter's bridal shower - awesome!
5	I have been going to the Matador since I was little when it was a little hole in the wall on 2nd Street.  They have always had great Sonoran style Mexican food!  It's always our go to place when we attend events downtown or have business to attend to. They also have the best hot sauce in town!  As far as the service,  the food comes out quickly and we never really have to wait long.  If you're downtown and looking for great food I would highly recommend this place.
1	Service was not good, they forgot about us after our dinner was served. Chips tasted stale.
2	No Bueno on the green corn tamales and the service was terrible for lunch.
2	Here for a conference (does anyone actually come to the city of phoenix for anything else?). I should have known not to set foot inside just how empty it was compared to the place next door. This place is honestly one of the most disorganized places I've eaten at. The waiters literally are running around, and just getting a seat in the empty restaurant was a process.  We received no less than 7 apologies throughout our dinner. I'm not sure why they kept apologizing as they weren't always doing anything wrong... they must just be used to people complaining or something. I got a salad and while it is pretty hard to mess up a salad, this was not very good. The meat (pulled pork) on the salad was gross, and the sour cream was hard and gross... the lettuce was standard iceberg cut up. My dining partner had the gyro and the meat was gross and he just ended up eating the fries. Also, although it looks like they did at one time, they no longer serve alcohol. That should be a sign to stay away. I feel bad for the waiters as this place obviously is in need of new management and a menu overhaul.
3	Service was very good. Atmosphere relaxing. Food tasty and reasonably priced. Located conveniently by Symphony Hall.
