4	The decor reminds me of Hooters.  Wooden furnature and a roll of paper towels at the table.  The bartender was polite and the waitress was ver friendly.  I asked her what her favorite was and she suggested the Wing Sampler Platter.  It was a little pricey at $23.00, but you are able to pick 4 different flavors, so I gave it a try.She gave me her favorites and I ordered one of my favorites and another from a user on Foursquare.Her favorite was actually the "Hot Dill Pickle."  I was very suprised by how much I liked it.  It was my favorite of the 4 I chose:Hometown Hottie - an average wing.  not unlike many others I have tasted. Daisy Duke - The Mango Chipotle was good, but a little sweet, so order cautiously.GarPar - Really thick on the garlic butter.  Almost like they spread on a garlic mayo.  It was good, just not what I'm used to.  Way different than in the states.Hot Dill Pickle - a little spicey, but the flavor is quite suprising. Not sure I can eat more than 10, but 5 was perfect.
1	The wings were over priced for what you got and they were so fatty it was discusting
3	Usually I would have something better to say about this place but my last experience was not the best. I have to say I have been in a few Wild Wing locations but this location is BY FAR the tackiest of them all. It looks like a novelty store threw up or something. There are multi colour, beach themed murals on the walls, a Giant light up palm tree, saloon style old western doors and all kinds of junk hanging from the ceiling including sports jerseys, athletic bags and other various sports related items. It really is over the top cluttered and hectic and this is coming from a person who thinks the decor at Jack Astors is great. So that's gotta tell you something. Anways, on my last visit I order medium wings, which is rare for me because I tend to prefer somthing hotter but I was sharing with a friend who doesn't like spicy food. When our wings arrived we both bit into them we just looked at eachother with panic beucase our mouths were burning. I chugged half a beer because they were that hot, which for me would be fine but my friend looked like she was going to fall off her chair. When the waitress came back we explained how hot they were and my friend told her she would not be able to eat them the waitress said "Well yeah, the medium wings here are pretty hot" and looked at us with confusion as if we were supposed to just know this or something. We asked if there was anything she could do and she offered to bring us out some ranch dip or mild sauce which to me is a joke. I used to work in a Sports Bar and I know for a fact I would have immediately offered new wings or at least a credit to the bill. Instead she offered nothing, so my friend ate nothing and we paid and left. I will go back because I have had better experiences there in the past but all in all the customer service was not good. I must say however, I did like the wings and I usually order hot and quite honestly I think the medium ones are hotter so I will likely order the medium in the future.
3	Well what's there too say about Wild Wing. A great wing pit with over 100 flavours what more can you ask for as a wing lover.  They do have some good deals throughout the week so if you are planning on going it doesn't hurt to check them out and why not save some money.If I wanted to watch the "big game" this wouldn't be my spot of choice as the TVs are frequently fuzzy and the sound system is dated.Overall great spot to grab some wings and a beer and the service is decent.
2	Overly price tiny wings with poor service. Not much else to say.
2	Convenient for take out once in a while when you don't feel like deep frying wings yourself, but it's overpriced and the restaurant itself is can-barely-hear-your-own-voice loud when it's busy. Not especially pleasant.
