4	*When* I actually let someone else clean my car in any way, shape, or form, this is the only place I have been able to trust so far. They have a great list of offerings aside from a basic car wash, such as hand waxing, shampooing, and cleaning the interior plastic and fabric. The prices, in my opinion, for the care your car gets is well worth it. The car wash itself is automatic but touch free. You can watch the entire thing from inside the lobby. Additionally, when your car is done with the wash and is getting any additional services, you are able to watch as well from the big patio that is outside the front of the building. Call me over-protective, but if I'm gonna take my car to get waxed and detailed, my pride and joy lil 3, you bet I'm gonna make sure every detail is done correctly. It's also nice to enjoy a little sun while you're at it too.A bonus is being able to have chips in your windshield replaced using your insurance policy right there on the spot. Another bonus? Their air fresheners for the most part don't smell like ass.Sometimes it has taken longer than I've been told, even when it's dead, but they have been very apologetic and it's been worth it for my car.
4	I own a customized pickup with a $15,000 paint job and this is one of the few full hand car washes I will go to.   The staff doesn't have to sweet and engaging, they just have to do a good job and on average, I'm satisfied with the service I get for my money.  It's not as good as if I did it, but then I don't expect them to spend four hours cleaning and detailing my truck.  The hand wash is more than sufficient to get the daily driving dust and dirt off and the drying crews are used to me grabbing a towel and wiping down a door panel or hood to get some water spots that are occasionally missed.   Their pre-pay deals are the best of any car wash coupons I've had.  My only complaint is they need to be open a little later during the week, or at least one day till 6:30 p.m.  If you're looking for absolute perfection, do it yourself or pay a detailer several hundred dollars for the privilege.  If you're looking for decent car wash and good value for your bucks, this is the only car wash in town for both.
2	For the price - the car wash was mediocre. When I left, there were water marks on the car.I paid $30 for "VIP wash." Despite the list of services included - the car did not have the 'wow' look when I left (and it's a new car so it's not like they would have had to put a lot of elbow grease into cleaning it).This was my first trip. While it could have been worse - I won't be making a second trip.
1	Do not go to this place.   They have lost my trust with my initial visit.  Da.R., another reviewer, who said he got , "turned off by the aggressive window chip repair tools who troll the entry ways to the wash," really struck a chord within me.  My girlfriend & I went to get our car washed with a basic wash.  We get inside the place to wait & were stopped by a 'tool' who advised us we need to have a window chip repaired on the spot & that he has his own company called "24/7 Auto Glass" & that he can fix it for free because the insurance companies pay him to get the repair done.  So we sat with him as he "pretended" to call Geico & provide our policy number to the rep.  Then he gets some response from the other end of the line that is different than what he expected.  So then he hangs up the phone & tells us we have to pay up front!  He then says that the rep told him they reimburse us in a few days.  Our mistake is that we believed him.  Next thing you know is that we tell him not to do the repair, & he says they already did it.  WTH.  He did the repair without  finding out first if it was covered!  I was so upset.  So I gave him the 45 dollars took the car and left.  I called Geico to verify what was said, & they tell me they don't have any claim for us, no one called them about a claim, & our policy doesn't cover windshield cracks!  By then we were furious.  These guys are running a scam.  For all I know there wasn't even a chip in the windshield.  So this guy pocketed a free 45 dollars to go feed his freaking kids that are running around the place.   Needless to say, Geico reported this business & the bogus 24/7 bullsh!t company that tool has.  This is insurance fraud & we got caught up I'm reporting the Arizona Auto Wash to the BBB right after posting this review.  They have some kind of deal with this bastard who works for them.  I also left feedback at their company website for corporate to see what has happened.  If they call me about this, well this won't be the first time a regional corporate guy calls us back about an unfavorable experience we have had in the past about establishments.  Let's hope these guys follow through.Never again.  Lesson learned.  Now it's our duty to spread the word about these con-artists. NOT RECOMMENDED.  Grade = F = poor excuse for a business.
2	I went back to the place the very next day. I parked on the side & the guy Donald almost ran to me. I told him our insurance company twice told us that there were no claims called in by anyone about anything. He then said he did call them and they gave him a claim number. When I asked for it, he said he didn't have it & that it was with corporate office along with the receipt of the 45 dollars I gave him the previous day. He then says we'll get the check in 3 business days & if we don't, to go back to him & he'll give us the money back. Hard to believe, but okay. I called a third time to GEICO & they stood by their statement that NO ONE called them. The insurance rep said I needed to call the police to file a report with an investigator. I haven't called them yet, as I still need to check my mail once last time before going back to Donald just to give him the benefit of the doubt one final time.  Guys, it's not even about the 45 dollars anymore.  This has become all about principle.  This is not the way to run a business.  Why?  Because people will mistrust you & then you have reviews like this one on Yelp!I'm still wary of what exactly will happen today when I leave work.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE: June 1st, 2011:  Well, I called the police & they said an investigator wouldn't be able to help us since it is a civil matter!  Of course.  The cops would tell us that.  Let the bad guys win, huh?  Well, it has been more than a week after that fiasco & we still have yet to receive the promised 45 dollar check in the mail so I called Donald and he said he'd be more than happy to help us.  Looks like I may just end up giving them another star.  I did see Audis, BMWs, & Mercedes in there when I went to go look for Donald one day after work.  Why do these people continue to go there?  Is it that they are blind?Anyway, EVENTUALLY I was able to get the 45 back in cash.  Okay, so they get one more star.
4	Yes, this place is usually a ghost town but don't let if fool you.   I have been here when there are 6+ cars in the queue but this isn't the norm.  I keep thinking this place is going to go out of business but I guess this is how they operate.  This is a no frills car wash facility.  I bring both of my cars here on a regular basis and they do a better than average job most of the time.  The only reason I keep coming here is because I purchase the booklets they have and I get a basic wash for about $7.  If I do it myself at one of the washing bays it costs me $6-7 and and hour of my time.  This is a no brainer.  For this price my vehicles are always clean.  Yes, sometimes they might not dust as thoroughly or there might be spot that was missed in the wash but in general both of my cars come out looking clean.  If this happens I touch it up when I get home and problem is solved.
3	At first sight, kind of a ghost town.  However, it was early afternoon on a friday so might have been slow.  The guy that took my car assumed that I had been there before.  I think the staff should at least ask or offer the service provided.  I waited for the car about 30 mins but I had to keep checking if it was done.  I had a feeling nobody was going to let me know.  I was right.  They did a decent job inside but there were still water spots on the hood.  I would go again but I wouldn't recommend this place if you want a thorough cleaning.
1	This place is very dishonest. Had a deal for wash, oil change and tire rotation. Left the car with them. They called 10 minutes later and said my car was ready. I asked how they could do all that so quickly. He proceeded ignore my question and tried to sell me cabin air filters for $40. The process to even look at and remove the filters takes 45 minutes. They are in the dash behind the glove box usual time 1.5 hours to replace- lier!!. Went to pick up the car and low and behold the tires had not been rotated! Thats what you get for 10 minutes of their time. Lies and a crappy car wash! Dont fall for their B.S.!
1	I've been to this place many times. There have been issues but most of the time they offer me a free car wash. Twice they didn't vacuum the car, twice I had to have them clean the window with the markings before I drove off...and with the markings still there you'd think they'd know that I paid extra to get the scent and they didn't do it. I usually go there when I get the oil changed.THE LAST TIME I WAS THERE...THE LAST TIME I'LL GO THERE:   They charged me  30.00 for an air filter, didn't clean the markings off the window, & THEY BROKE OFF MY GAS COVER. My gas cap has a little plastic piece that holds it onto the car which was off and the guy in all his wisdom said that's what broke off the gas cover. He wanted to walk me all over the place to prove there was nothing that could have done it. There are hoses everywhere. His mechanic said it could have been the blowers. Someone knew what happened and they put it back on the car like nothing happened. He gave me a 480-838-0171 to talk to this manager or supervisor who never answered and of course didn't answer my messages. I don't have 250.00 to get Mitsubishi to put a new one on and am looking at junk lots to find one. The man was rude and almost to the point of laughing at me.
1	Worst service ever! I pulled up to where there's usually someone waiting to sell you the fancy upgrades. Not a person in sight, there's was another customer just sitting there as well. I decided to check inside and only 1 person and he looked like was on break having drink. He decided to help  me but I saw the red flags and ran! Place looked like it was going out if business!!!
