5	Wigle(pronounced Wiggle, though they admit it probably shouldn't be) Whiskey is a young whiskey distillery - having produced its first batch just over a month ago - named after a Pittsburgh revolutionary who wasn't ready to let tax get in the way of his whiskey. There are two aspects to this review - the whiskey itself, and the distillery itself.The Whiskey: Wigle Whiskey is the first(in modern day terms) liquor to be distilled within the city limits of Pittsburgh(Clique is distilled abroad and Boyd and Blair is located in Glennshaw). Due to the young age of the distillery, they currently only sell a white whiskey, that is,  a clear whiskey that has not touched oak barrels. If you are a fan of the familiar dark and golden browns and oak flavor of your standard aged drink, fear not. They are currently aging whiskey, but you can also buy mini barrels($50/1lt $60/2lt) of the stuff and DIY at home. I love this idea - whiskey does not age in a glass bottle(Your 3-year old 15 year scotch did NOT just double in value), so buy one of these to mark special occasions(ie births) and celebrate with them much later.(Disclaimer - I am not exactly sure what the upper aging limit on American Whiskeys should be, nor am I sure how much would evaporate after several years in a small barrel.)They currently sell two varieties - a wheat and a rye, and both are made entirely organic(though they are without label while they complete the paperwork), from locally sourced grains(Except for the small amount of barley, as I learned on my tour), and from scratch - starting with several bags of whole grains. The wheat whiskey is smooth tasting, slightly sweet with only a bit of burn going down, smelling freshly of yeasty bread. The rye is a bit bolder and not as sweet, but still has a great flavor. The wheat for me is my favorite, but I wouldn't really sip either of them. Cocktails are what I think these do best in, where the flavors come through but there is no age to overpower the other ingredients. At the store, you can sample both and pick our your favorite. At just over $30 a bottle, I think that you're getting a great deal. To purchase this whiskey, you have to go right to the source. They're happy with it that way, since they aren't sure they can meet PLCB quotas, and they would rather talk about it themselves than have their name defiled by a random W&S employee.The Distillery:The distillery itself is small, a tiny warehouse, one set of large machines to create whiskey, a small store at the front. The place obviously had a designer in come through: the design reminds me very much of the Glass Lofts in Garfield. The ceiling has bottles embedded in it, a nice touch. The store offers free tastings and even cocktails for only about $5 - and they are delicious, even if you don't think you're a whiskey person. Apparently, you can also send in your own Wigle cocktail recipe and they might feature it, inviting you and your friends in to the distillery for a round.  They do tours and cocktail classes here, both can be signed up for on the website - The tours are $20/pp and come with tastings, cocktails, and  light snacks. Again the place is small, but the tour was definitely extremely informative - You get to see, feel or smell just about every step of the process of whiskey making. The gains, the flour, the strong methanol in the first output of the still, the fresh and tasteless ethanol alcohol of the "hearts", and the "tails" - the flavorful part, the char on the inside of the barrels. At the end of my tour I felt like I was ready to compete with them, look out! Additionally the tour has a historical aspect. Western PA was home of America's favorite sprit just after the Revolution, rye whiskey. Wigle himself had a distillery which he fought hard to keep from being taxes, resulting in the Whiskey Rebellion and eventual flight of Whiskey producers from PA to Kentucky - where corn grew in abundance and the spirit of choice for Americans everywhere switched from Rye to Bourbon. The tour goes much more in depth into Wigle's story, but I don't want to give it away. Needless to say, it's riveting, and integrates very well with the tour. The whole tour lasts about a half hour.I have not been to a cocktail class($35), but I do know that they feature some of the best names in Pittsburgh cocktails. Verde, Andy's, Meat and Potatoes, Union Pig and Chicken, Salt of the Earth, and Drinksburgh(a blog about - guess what) are all places where class instructors have hailed from, and you can see many of the creations on their website. -All in all, Wigle is an excellent spirit and excellent new addition to Pittsburghs fast-changing cocktail landscape. Be sure to stop by, have a taste and maybe learn a little bit about whiskey and PA history while you're at it.
5	Young Whiskey Distillery in the Strip District of Pittsburgh.  It is so young in fact that their whiskey is clear.  This is a result of it not having been aged in barrels to get that complex oak flavor that whiskey usually has.  We were shown that they are aging a large amount of whiskey for future distribution of the standard brown beverage but for now they are selling their clear whiskey.  They are 2 different styles.  Rye and Wheat.  I sampled both and wasn't sure what the expect since I'd never had clear whiskey.  I was really really surprised and enjoyed both of them alot.  Frankly I thought they were better than almost any other whiskey I've ever had.  Both were much smoother than most whiskeys. They did have the Rye Whiskey that had been aged for 3 weeks...given it the standard brown color.  This had a much more familiar whiskey taste, and while it was really good, I think I actually liked the clear whiskey better.  Just a little smoother/sweeter.  The people at the distillery were very friendly and informative. One very cool thing about the place is that you can not only buy the unaged whiskey but you can also buy mini barrels to age the whiskey at home.  This is a very cool concept for a young distillery and I'm looking forward to doing this soon.  Overall, its a cool spot.  I'm hopeful that they will continue to grow and begin larger scale distribution to more restaurants and through the state liquor store system.  Bottles of the whiskey at the distillery cost about $32 which seems like a good deal for a hand crafted whiskey that was really enjoyable.
5	This is really weird for me.  I don't like whiskey.  I've never met a whiskey I've liked actually.  Was it I hadn't found the right one for me?  I think so, because this whiskey is LEGIT!  From the special pomegranate whiskey cocktail they served to the straight up whiskey tasting, it was delightful!  I can't believe I actually enjoyed the taste!  I think I sway more towards the Rye Whiskey than the Wheat.  The Rye has a spicier taste to it that I enjoyed a little more than the Wheat.  The thing to talk about is the owners.  Some of the most passionate, energetic and likeable business owners I've ever come into contact with!  We had a tour of the facility and the father/daughter duo took us through the history of Whiskey in Western PA as well as their own distilling process.  It kept my attention the entire time!  I think it's cool it's a walk in establishment, so if you're in the area pop in!  They serve $5 happy hour cocktails and may even be able to give you an impromptu tasting or tour.  I also love the idea that you can buy different packages, from the whiskey itself to at home aging kits... it's a GREAT idea for that whiskey lover in your family/friends circle.  If you're in the Strip go there... even if you're not GO THERE!!  You won't regret it!
5	Did you know this is the first legal distillery in all of the 'Burgh in 90 years...??I didn't... until...I learned all about the history of whiskey in the US of A and how big of a deal it really was back in the days of our birth of a nation all by taking a tour at Wigle Whiskey. Wigle does it right, so if you have the time to hop on down to Smalllman Street and check out Wigle's fantasy factory, DOO ITTT!!!
5	They are getting 5 stars for the passion that they are putting in to this place.  It's a brand-spankin-new distillery, and they are the first distillery to open in Pittsburgh, as Nick says, in 90+ years.  PA is slowly moving away from their Blue Law past and allowing the alcohol-producing companies put down new roots.  Amen to that!The distillery is a very small operation; in our tour they mentioned that most companies "small batch" varieties produce more in one "small batch" than Wigle does in an entire year!  Their still is bad ass, and is a modern copper kettle variety, imported from Germany.  It's worth looking at.  They are currently only have two products for sale right now, white Rye whiskey and white Wheat whiskey.  I picked up a bottle of wheat, as it has some unique flavor, and I believe it will mix well in many traditionally-vodka applications.  The rye, while it has great flavor very reminiscent of how a grain bin on the farm smells (yeah, I grew up rural, so?) I just don't like it enough to drink straight, and I don't know that I could mix much with it, either.  They are however aging it and it'll be ready to go in a few years...at which point I shall return.I love the spirit that these folks have, and the fact that they are just figuring it out as they go.  I am sure they will continue to refine their products and create new ones, and you should stop in to support that effort.   The bottles are ~$32 each, so it's not going to break the bank.
4	Take the tour. Learn about whiskey. Drink the whiskey. Meredith and crew really put some love into the whiskey.  I will be seeing you
3	Oh Jesus Christ. With respect to all they're doing, which is awesome, this is legal Moonshine.  It's very good, high quality Moonshine, and someday, I'm sure it will make very good, high quality whiskey.  But it's moonshine.  I've had moonshine before, illegal white lighting, from a mason jar that had some peaches in it, and at least it tasted good, a little.  I know making moonshine is cool and it IS super cool that these guys could go legit, they support local organic farms as far as they say, but this stuff is raw, it's not good, it's polishing a turd, and it sure isn't worth $34 a bottle.  I'm sure the whiskey will be worth that much, because it is really smooth moonshine, but I cannot stomach this.  I went to a tasting, bought a bottle to support them, and I support the idea small time distilleries, am sympathetic that they're new, and I'll go back when they're selling aged-in-a-barrel rye whiskey and not moonshine, and will gladly pay that amount for a bottle.  Good luck, but ugh, not for me until it's aged.  And, looking forward to the whiskey rebellion museum, and I'm sure I'm an idiot because that's what they drank back then, but I don't care, I like whiskey, not moonshine.  It's still in my freezer.  I'll drink a bottle of evan williams in a day and this stuff is still in my freezer.  Sorry!  Can't wait for the aged stuff.
5	A family operated business that wears its passion on its sleeve. In addition to the fantastic tours that they give, there are occasionally cocktail classes as well. I attended one over the summer and it was great. They bring in bartenders from around the city, and teach a few signature cocktails featuring Wigle. Beyond that, it's a great place to just stop by for a drink. It isn't a bar, let me stress that. But the drinks are affordable ($5), generally delicious, the space itself is cool, and the entire family is incredibly friendly and a joy to converse with.Their party at the end of the summer was also fantastic. I look forward to watching Wigle grow as a Pittsburgh landmark - almost as much as I look forward to the aged whiskey.
5	The $5 cocktails on Saturday were great. And also only $5!  I will definitely be back.
5	I've never had clear whiskey before (clear because it's not aged in barrels), and it blew my mind: the spirits were bursting with flavors of anise, pear, et al. You can try a flight for $5, and I was sold as soon as I sipped their award-winning wheat-based whiskey. I finished it off with their gin ("Ginever"), which is much fuller & heartier than the junk we usually mix into our drinks. I went with the gin, as it's the middle of winter & it felt "warmer"; the whiskey, being wheat-based, was a bit sweeter, so I'll save that purchase for warmer weather. Not too pricey either: $32 for 750 mL bottlesThe owner (I think it's a bro & sis team) told me about their products, chatted with me about Cleveland, and were very welcoming overall. Can't wait to go back for a tour of the place!
5	I concur with the reviews above, this one is specifically for their newest creation, Ginever.  Really nice blend of the whiskey and gin botanicals.   It's in a liquor class by itself.   Try a bottle, you will not regret it.   I like it straight up in martinis but it tasted good with tonic too!
5	Who knew I could drink whiskey and not vomit?  I didn't, but Wigle Whiskey did.  I'm not a fan of whiskey at all.  In fact the smell kind of triggers my gag reflex.  However, I had tried Wigle's Ginever at the Yelp Helps event and was pleasantly surprised at how smooth it was.  I decided because I liked their gin and because I like that they are all about being local that I would pay a visit to their location in the Strip District.  Plus I needed a gift for my whiskey-loving Dad.I was greeted immediately as if Alex had been waiting for me.  The warm welcome continued as I ordered a flight of all 4 beverages (wheat, rye, aged and gin) for $5.  Everyone was friendly and helpful, making sure I didn't have any questions and explaining how the whiskey is made and some other useful tips (I had no idea that adding water or ice to whiskey can help enhance the flavor).  I cautiously went in, trying the white wheat whiskey first.  Not too bad.  The rye, with a bit more flavor, was my favorite.  The aged was good.  The gin, well, I already knew I liked that one.  The night before I had been to Commonwealth Press for another fabulous Yelp Elite event and I just happened to be wearing one of my CWP shirts.  Meredith commented on my shirt, asking if I worked there.  I told her no, and mentioned Yelp at which point she mentioned she is due for drinks with Rachel C.  Pittsburgh just keeps getting smaller to me.After nearly an hour, I had enjoyed my samples and talked to several of the owners.  I love talking to people like Mark and Mary Ellen, people who have such a passion for what they do that you can't help get caught up in the excitement.  Yes, I am caught up, so much so that I bought a bottle of the rye for dear old Dad and cannot wait to go back to try those signature cocktails.  They are open every day but Monday so do yourself a favor and stop on by.  Even if you don't like whiskey I think you'll find something to enjoy.
5	I stopped by here this past Saturday with my girlfriend for a tour.  We had heard about Wigle opening up a long time ago and my girlfriend had bought me a tour gift certificate for the previous Valentines Day.  Not knowing how hard it was to get a tour, nor the times I kept on putting off going.  What a mistake that was!  Looking at the tour times on their website was incredibly easy and this past Saturday they had three tours of which we chose the latest, 3:30.  When you enter the building you are in a medium sized room with a chalkboard cocktails menu, some stainless steel tables to stand around and a bunch of bottles of Wigle Whiskey.  Their ceiling is also pretty cool as it is decorated with empty bottles that are hanging through something.  We were quickly greeted and upon telling them that we were part of the tour were offered the complimentary cocktail that comes with the tour.  I ended up going with a drink that had some cream, honey and whiskey while my girlfriend went with one that was called pomegranite fizz.  Both drinks were pretty tasty and I really enjoyed mine with the honey.  The place was almost empty whenever we got there with only another couple waiting for the tour.  However by the time the tour was ready to go it was pretty busy as there were about 15 of us on the tour.  It was also packed whenever the tour was finished and I was glad to see that they were doing good business. The tour itself was a pretty cool event as you get to go into the back and see where everything is made.  It's not a large building but they do a good job in telling two seperate stories during the tour, both a story about how the whiskey is made as well as a story about the businesses namesake, Wigle.  The tour guide that we had was pretty good although at the beginning of the tour he seemed to be quite awkward.  However, as the tour progressed I got used to him and he ended up being really funny and a good story teller.  After we were done my girlfriend and I actually discussed whether that was his personality or just some schtick that he was doing.  In any case, he is perfect for the tour!  As part of the tour, after being shown all of the equipment and told the stories you are sat down for a tasting of what they have produced thus far.  At this point in time we got to try a rye whiskey, wheat whiskey, aged whiskey and also a gin.  We were also taught on how to properly sniff the whiskey in order to minimize the alcohol smell as well how to add in oxygen to have it react and give off better smells.  While I mostly just tasted the burn of the whiskey I did enjoy getting to try the different kinds and could taste a small difference between them. The bottom line for me is that I would recommend this tour for pretty much anyone.  The guide was really funny and told a good story which led to my girlfriend and I enjoying our experience immensely
5	Went to Wigle Whiskey with a good friend for a tour recently - we had read about the place in the newspaper, and saw it listed in an article about american whiskeys and their resurgence. I'm very happy to say that the $20 for the tour is a steal!The family that owns the place is extremely friendly, and more than happy to chat about their craft. It's immediately clear that a lot of effort and thought have gone into establishing this new distillery in the heart of the Strip District. Their interest in the Whiskey Rebellion is obvious, and it is quite fun to learn of the areas influence on the early days of American Whiskey.Their product line is "young" and un-aged so far (unless you can get your hands on their really small quantity of aged whiskeys, released every few months...), but this isn't necessarily a bad thing. There's a real resurgence in new cocktails based on clear whiskeys, and this place is happy to share them with you. I had a ginever-based cocktail to start off the tour, and thought it was delicious.Our tour guide was the owner's son, and he is quite a funny guy - his delivery and humorous quips show forethought and excellent timing. We laughed a lot during the visit, and certainly appreciated his ability to answer any question we might think up. Learning about the process of distilling whiskey was fascinating, and their still is a beautiful piece of equipment.I ended up purchasing several bottles of their product, along with an aging kit for my father, and will definitely be back for more. It's a pleasure to support a local business like this. Go and schedule a tour!
4	I found out about this place simply shootin the breeze with a complete stranger on a flight back to Pittsburgh. I knew that I had to check this place out at once.We rolled in around 2pm on a Saturday and sampled a flight of their distillled spirirts. I can't say that I have ever experienced anything quite like it in my life, un-aged whiskey. For $5 you can try 4different styles of whiskey. I was very happy with all the cool information the host told me about this establishment as well as Pittsburgh's Whiskey heritage. I ended up leaving with a bottle of the un-aged Rye Whiskey and a good buzz, luckily I had a DD. They also sell a neat little kit to age their whiskey in a little wooden cask. I think that would be really neat to try in the future or would make a great gift idea to my buddies who love whiskey. Tours are offered by booking via the internet.I'm happy to see this place keeping it real in Pittsburgh, I will definitely be coming back!
4	W-eye-gle or Wiggle?  I can confirm it's "Wiggle" Whiskey!  As in, you'll be wiggling all the way home after indulging in the drinks here. I enjoyed Pittsburgh's only whiskey distillery last night for a Pitt Young Alumni Association event.  The staff is friendly (all from the same family, too!), the drinks are tasty, and the space is warm, inviting, and trendy.  Me saying the drinks are tasty is a big deal, considering I don't like whiskey!  My friends that did partake in the whiskey flights had nothing but high praises, and I found my two cocktails (the Popeye was one) refreshing and an interesting combination of flavors.There is a small-ish parking lot on-site, and they also offer tours of the distillery.  I learned that during Prohibition, if you were drinking whiskey, it came from the 'burgh (totally cool!).  The tours are 20 bucks and include a drink - I think that is a tad pricey, and I don't know if I'd pay that on my own.  I didn't take the tour, though, so I can't confirm or deny if it's worth the 20 bucks.Wigle combines so many of my favs: locally-owned and operated, family-run, aiming to preserve Pittsburgh history, reasonable drink prices, and filling a niche here in our city.  I can't wait to go back and enjoy more cool whiskey cocktails.  Thanks to Wigle for hosting such a fun event!
4	I'm always a fan of a locally owned place, especially a whiskey place. I went to an event here and the people who own this place certainly know how throw a event. There was plenty of space in their location. There were different meats and cheeses and other 'snacks'. There was a special menu of drinks for the even, made with their whiskey of course. You could even do a 'flight' of whiskey if your heart desires. Every drink that I had was delicious and it helps that the owners are very friendly and attentive. I would certainly love to attend another event here any day.
5	Brief update here - went to Wigle last Saturday to pick up a little of their latest craft: Aged Rye. It's only been aged 7 months, but tastes like it was made in Heaven. Honestly, this is the sort of stuff the NYT was writing about in its recent article on American Whiskeys. Totally smooth and drinkable in very short order. Makes one excited to see what Wigle is going to do in the near future, when they have product that has been aged 1-2 years or more! Keep up the awesome work guys!
4	This was one of our stops on fun weekend spent in Pittsburgh.  Though the booze was a bit harsh for me (keeping in mind i"m not a whiskey drinker), the cocktail I had was quite good, the place was lovely, and the staff were very friendly and gave us some great advice for where to go for the rest of our evening in town.  I also think it's great that everything they distill is organic.Bonus - the two other people sitting at our table were also Purdue Boilermakers!
5	Last week, I had lots of fun labeling their product with other people interested in helping out. I highly recommend signing up to help them at one of their labeling parties, as it's really fun and strangely relaxing to place labels on their bottles while chatting with the other folks there. Try it out!
5	I organized this tour for some Tepper class mates. It certainly did not disapoint!To start, you sample some really interesting cocktails, of the likes I have not seen before. I had the Popeye, which was spinach and some other ingredients mixed with Rye. I could have grabbed my girlfriend and proclaimed her Olive Oil after that.Throughout a wonderful history lesson, punctuated with dry humor, we were led back in the 1700's and the plight of Mr. Wigle. Following that, there was a tasting of varieties of spirits, from Rye, to Wheat, to the OG Gin recipe. This is a wonderful and innovative addition to Pittsburgh, and the tour is 100% awesome!
5	I believe Wigle Whiskey has converted yet another whiskey-hater!  We signed up for a tour and tasting, which included a whiskey (or gin) cocktail to start us off.  The cost was $20.  Individual cocktails and tastings are $5, so the tour itself cost $10...and it did not disappoint.  Our guide was charismatic and funny, and it was short and sweet and got us to our tastings primed to enjoy some nice whiskeys!They had us taste 3 whiskeys and a gin, which was more than enough.  They give you tasting notes, including adding a bit of water to the whiskey to help it breathe.  See, I've just been drinking whiskey wrong all these years! The aged whiskey was my favorite...and a bummer that they sell out of it in a matter of hours! They do sell mini casks (which are adorable) so you can age your own whiskey in about a month, if you're impatient.  They're a bit pricey ($98) but they come with a bottle of their whiskey, so it's actually a pretty good deal.I would definitely stop back in for another cocktail if I'm in the area-their menu changes often and I'm dying to try something else.
5	Even if you don't consider yourself a whiskey fan, I would highly recommend taking the tour. Not only will you learn how whiskey and other spirits are made, you will also learn the history behind distilleries in Pennsylvania. Haven't you always wanted to know why there's a noose on the Wigle logo? This is a family run business, and the owners seemed very friendly and knowledgeable. I like the fact that they use locally sourced grains, and the resulting product is also quite drinkable. :-) They offer five dollar cocktails every evening, and the one which I tried was delicious.
4	We just toured the Wigle Whiskey distillery on the Southside courtesy of our daughter for Fathers Day and it was a total blast! Meredith, one of the owners & the director of our tour, gave us an awesome history lesson and educated us to a piece of Pittsburgh's past as a major whiskey producer from the late 1700's thru the Prohibition era while engaging us, making us laugh, and thoroughly entertaining us in the process. I'm not even a whiskey (or hard liquor in general) drinker but I enjoyed learning about and sampling their products.The tour starts off with a cocktail of your choice from their chalkboard bar menu. I had a spinach, avocado & cilantro whiskey cocktail that just about blew my hair back on the first sip. My first taste reminded me of that strong whiskey burn that I don't particularly like but then the ice started to melt and I realized how much I was enjoying sipping on the cocktail as we took our tour and the drink mellowed.Their facility is named for Phillip Wigle who was quite a character from the late 1700's that nearly got hanged in pursuit of making a living turning rye into whiskey and trying to avoid paying taxes on the proceeds. Otherwise known as the Whiskey Rebellion. Pretty cool stuff if you're going to have a history lesson on a Saturday!The tour ends with a tasting of their wheat whiskey, rye whiskey, aged rye whiskey, and gin. These folks are turning out some darned good products here! They even have labeling parties for their bottles and apparently there is drinking involved and you may notice some of the bottle labels get put on a bit crooked. Oops!!!
5	Let me start by saying I never drink whiskey. Never. I don't have any in my house to serve others either. So with that as background, I was surprised to be taken here for a Father's Day present by my daughter. But hey, I'm game! And for the record? It was AWESOME!! I was blown away!! What a great place!! We had a scheduled tour set up and it was a pure delight! The owners are fantastic and make this a remarkable, funny (hilarious even), and informative adventure through both time and the distilling process. Who knew you'd come away with a history lesson you've never heard before and yet another reason to be proud of your Pittsburgh heritage!!To start we had welcoming cocktails (never a bad idea!) but these were creative and imaginative! I mean whiskey with spinach, avocado and cilantro? Almost sounds healthy!! It was fabulous! On to the tour! While the place isn't large, the story is and it's so worth experiencing. Learning how they started, the history of the Pittsburgh frontier and how it relates to the Whiskey Rebellion, how the locally sourced ingredients are combined to yield an amazing product....Did I say it was awesome? It is!!The sampling of the whiskeys at the end was a highlight - and this coming from someone who doesn't drink whiskey! They were great! And the bonus was the sample of gin they also make - which I found out is just one more processing of the distilled product to yield those juniper and other flavors found in good gin.Couldn't recommend this any higher. Register for and take the tour. Drink the whiskey. Support local entrepreneurs who have launched an adventure they'd like to take you on. You'll be glad you did. And  bring friends!!
5	Neat place!  We took the tour/tasting and it was very informative.  I really enjoyed the history part of the tour.  It wasn't just all about how to make the whiskey, although that part was interesting too.  Our guide was great and didn't talk too much, or too little.  I'm not a whiskey fan, so I can't really judge how it tastes compared to others, but apparently it's good!  The cocktail that I did have when we first arrived was great, though.  Cool atmosphere for just having a few cocktails too.
4	I was about to give this place 3 stars...but it's a whiskey distillery - so 4 stars it is. Let me start off with: I don't understand why anyone would want to drink white dog (unaged whiskey). Sooooo many distilleries are putting their white dogs on shelves, and they all taste so bad. They literally just taste like corn whiskey. Which, unfortuantely, is what Wigle's White Rye and White Wheat tastes like. I'm not a whiskey connoisseur - but I've had my fair share. Their White Rye tastes like spicy corn whiskey, and their White Wheat tastes like sweet corn whiskey. The beauty of aged whiskey are the complex noses, notes and finish - which white dog doesn't have. I also sampled the Deep Cut Rye and the Ginever - much better. The rye had a great finish and was wonderfully spicy. The Ginever was probably my favorite - soooo much flavor! Probably won't be visiting the distillery again, but the place was pretty cool. It was clean and open. The staff were helpful and informative. But if you're not there for a tour, take note that their seating area is really small.
5	Lovely. Very friendly and informative young woman told us about place & their spirits. Reasonably priced - nay, cheap - drams and cocktails. Which sold us on the gin and aged rye. And rosemary lavender bitters.
5	One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh.  My wife and I visited for the first time in 2012 and got to go back tonight.  The people who own and run this distillery are so nice. They remembered us - from a year ago - and asked after our son.  Their spirits are as good as ever and they've expanded their offerings into a really nice spiced rum and two flavors of bitters. So good.
5	Wigle Whiskey is fantastic.  Go there and get one of their featured cocktails with friends and then buy some of their fine EtOH.They make an excellent Ginever from wheat whiskey that is better than any conventional gin. Will leave it at that.The landlocked rums they now make are decent - a far cry from a true rum, but a creative interpretation nevertheless. Other new things are bitters which are comparable to Peychaud's but a little more nuanced.Whiskeys are their specialty and the small batch productions are their best varieties, especially the cherry. In short, if you enjoy whiskey and unique experience, go here for a tour and tasting, you'll be certain to find something palatable.
5	Love the aged whiskeys and cocktails. Friendly/helpful staff, relaxed atmosphere, and exceptionally clean.
5	I have to give this place 5 stars because they are bring back Rye Whiskey to Pittsburgh. You may not be aware, but Pittsburgh is steeped in rye whiskey making tradition. Before probation some one the best rye whiskey was made in Pittsburgh. It's a shame we have lost sight of that. Try their "jenever" gin. It's an old Dutch style gin that is made with rye whiskey instead of just "ethyl alcohol" like most gins. It's a very different experience one that you should partake in. Go check this place out and get some samples and take a tour because they are brings sexy back.... I mean Rye Whiskey!
5	We went on a tour over Thanksgiving.Overall, I loved the tour as the staff is balancing the tour between the history of whiskey in the US and Pittsburgh, their start and the actual production process of their goods.  They're pretty open about how they do what they do (I've been to other distilleries and they seemed to be very reluctant to share anything).The tour ends with a sit down & sampling of their various whiskeys, gins and rums.
4	I did a whiskey tasting here with my husband and it was pretty fun! The people were so sweet to me and didn't judge the fact that I was an inexperienced whiskey drinker & kept making faces with each sip I took it was a lot of fun though & one of the hostesses made me a complimentary cocktail so that I could enjoy whiskey a little more!
4	This is a very cool place to go to. My only downfall (why I gave it a 4 star rating) about the place is that I kind of thought it was more of a bar type atmosphere where you could sit down and have a few drinks, but its not really anything like that at all. There's a garage door opening and a few tall tables to stand at and have your drink. Don't go there planning to sit down to a few cocktails though. With that said, my girl and I went on the Wigle tour. With that you are given a free cocktail if I recall when you enter. The tour is quite good. There was a young man and women who lead the way. Its very small in the back room. You pretty much move 5 feet here, 5 feet there, 5 feet back there, take a seat and try a few of their whiskey's and the tour is over. Maybe about 45min length total for the tour.The tour though was very entertaining nonetheless. At each stop, the young man talked about how they make their "organic whiskeys" and what goes into each of the whiskey's they produce while the young lady entertained us with a funny story about the history of Wigle and the Pittsburgh area during the Whiskey Rebellion. This is a nice tour for a fathers day gift, or for your boyfriend or hubby if they like their spirits. At the end of the tour you sit down a table with a handful of other people and they talk about how they bottle their product and they had about 5 of their spirits for us to try, I was seated with my girl, and a group of 3 other women. None of them really liked the Whiskey haha, but that's because they serve it to you straight, I even heard the one girl go, Oh my gosh I need some coke in this, and in the end they pretty much passed their whiskey down my way and I definitely got my price of the tour's worth of drinks. After the tour, I bought a bottle of the Geniever Gin because I am a Gin Man, though I really wanted to buy a dark rye whiskey, just for around $50 a bottle I was already kinda broke for the day so I went with the cheapest spirit they had for sale just to show some appreciation for the good time I had.My girl and I also stayed around and had a few of the interesting cocktails they have, one had honey in it and was heated (more of a winter kind of drink) the other had some kind of maple syrup in it with cinnamon (reminded me of fall). All and all very good stuff that I've never had before. Do go and check this place out.From what I've recently been hearing, they are trying to get their whiskey sold locally at state stores around the Pennsylvania area. A handful of bars in downtown Pittsburgh actually have many cocktails using the Wigle brand already so its nice to know that the business is doing good.May your drink always stay cold!You're Truely, The Shaw...
5	Did the Saturday afternoon tour, everyone was top notch. I enjoyed the tour and the tasting, good stories and good information. Bought a few bottles of whiskey & a Ginever. I will be back in the future. Thanks!
5	I love these guys.  I scheduled a cocktail-making class for my boyfriend's birthday (a month after we stated dating and I already was plying him with liquor) and they knocked it out of the park.  First you make a drink, they you take a tour, and then you make another drink.  I don't recall being given a third drink, though our class was a while ago; their classes now consist of one drink handed to you and two that you make yourself.  While I did end up squirting club soda all over myself, I love the classic cocktail-making implements we used and techniques that we were taught.  I can't remember why per se, but I know now to use the spoon with the twists to twirl the ice around in the glass - don't stir wildly like you're beating an egg in there!The tour of the distillery itself was fascinating and full of entertaining bits of knowledge.  I love that everything is open; if you have a question, they'll answer it honestly.  If you want to see a part of the process, you can - there are no walls stopping you!I'm looking forward to participating in a labeling party and if they do the Tar and Feather party at the end of summer again.  I'm glad they're getting recognition in and around Pittsburgh and that they're able to expand to accommodate their growing business.  I hope they don't get too big for the britches, but something tells me they'll do just fine.
5	Did you know that American Whiskey was born in Pittsburgh? Neither did we until we discovered Wigle Distillery in the Strip District. It is such an amazing place, which makes for a great story- so here it goes.  During the 1700's and 1800's, Pittsburgh was THE place to get proper whiskey. At its pinnacle, Western PA had over 4,000 documented stills. Now, Wigle Whiskey is the only whiskey distillery in our region. To be honest, I'm okay with those odds. Why? Because Wigle Distillery has the tastiest spirits the world has ever known. There's something in that Pittsburgh water...Wigle opened its doors in March, 2012. The distillery is named after the good-natured man Phillip Wigle, who was sentenced to hang for his love of whiskey. He inadvertently triggered the Whiskey Rebellion, a fight against the taxation of whiskey. If you haven't noticed this yet, make sure you check out their logo, you'll see that the g is being hanged. Also, you may wonder if the name is pronounced "wIggle" or "wiggle"- the owners say "wiggle"- so we are sticking with that. Plus, it just sounds like a good ol' time. Wigle. Fun right?Wigle Distillery makes lots of delicious spirits: White Whiskey, White Rye Whiskey, White Wheat Whiskey, Aged Whiskey, Gin, and Rum. They are making these fine spirits just like the distillers did back in their heyday; with local ingredients and a copper pot. Also, if you are into aging your own whiskey, they have a kit for that, n'at. Those crafty distillers have also made their own line of bitters: Organic Aromatic and Organic Rosemary Lavender. Also, they are in the works for developing more bitters including a spicy chocolate mole and a bitter orange. We got the opportunity to sample them-completely amazing.Their "unaged" or "unoaked" whiskey is bottled right out of the stills. You'll notice that the liquid is clear. Their aged whiskey sleeps peacefully in their 53 gallon handmade wooden barrels for months at a time. During the aging process, the whiskey moves in and out of the wooden barrels and extracts the tannin and vanillins out of the wood. This process aids in the creation of the unique flavor and beautiful amber color found in Wigle's aged whiskey. Wigle recently purchased a barrelhouse in the North Side to accommodate the growing demand of all of those wonderful, drunken capsules.We are so fortunate to have a craft distillery here right in the 'burgh. Wigle is one of a few craft distilleries in the United States that produces every one of their products from scratch. They only use fresh and local organic grain. The owners are so committed to freshness that they only mill the grains onsite that same day when they are ready to make one of their signature "batches".Meredith gave us a really insightful and entertaining tour of the place. Then, she introduced us to her husband, Alex Grelli, and her father Mark Meyer while they were in the midsts of distilling one of their coveted spirits. This establishment is truly a family affair. The idea of a distillery in Pittsburgh came about during a trip to Canada. Meredith's family had visited several wineries and really fell in love with that culture and atmosphere. They wanted to create that same environment here in Pittsburgh and before you know it...Meredith's brother Eric, mother Mary Ellen, and father Mark all shared in her and Alex's vision of bringing a craft whiskey distillery back to its birthplace. And it has been magic ever since.If you ever have an opportunity to visit Wigle Distillery- please do it! We believe in Wigle Distillery. We believe that they have embraced the creativity and sense of community that Pittsburgh is well known for. Great lengths are taken to support regional farmers by using only local and fresh ingredients. They aren't here just to sell whiskey, they are here to educate, serve, and inspire fellow Pittsburghers. Thank you Wigle for bringing craft whiskey distilling back to its birthplace. Cheers to you Wigle!
5	Wigle Whiskey how I miss thee!My all time favorite drink is Wigle Jenever and Tonic with a lime. You CANNOT get a better gin. I am so sad that I moved out of state and cannot buy this and have it shipped out of state. (Dumb laws!) When I am home I always stop in and grab a bottle, then covet it, sipping it slowly throughout the next several months until I can make another trip back. I want everyone to try it so they can taste the best gin ever, yet I don't want anyone to try it because I want it all for myself.The customer service here is just amazing. I love going in and hearing about the latest happenings from the family. The owner and his son have really done a great thing bringing this place into Pittsburgh. The wife/mother is always open to talk about their amazing story and how everyone in the family helps out. I just love their story. And their Jenever!
5	It's entirely possible that you can enjoy Wigle's spirits without truly understanding what makes their product so unique, but it's their mission to help you. That's what makes this place so special and the people who run it so incredible. The family behind Wigle and their crew of tireless volunteers and staff are behind a nearly singular gem in American whiskey production: a distillery that actually produces its own whiskey spirits from scratch. That may sound strange to some. Surely all the great distilleries of Kentucky and Tennessee take the same care and craft to produce their whiskeys, just like their websites and commercials would imply. They don't.Through the advent of clever marketing, many a 'distillery' has found it easy to suggest that the spirits they produce are made from the same tradition, ingredients, and process you find at a Scotch-whiskey distillery nestled in a seaside valley in Scotland. They aren't. Wigle's spirits are. And it shows.On top of all that, they have a great attitude about bringing distilled whiskey back to Pennsylvania where it so rightfully belongs. Their historical knowledge and exuberance for its recountment are no small part of the Wigle experience. So grab some friends and check out a tour of this exciting new [and old] piece of Pittsburgh history.
5	A fun place with tasty cocktails and a large variety of locally made whiskeys. They cocktails are reasonably priced and unique. I'll be interested to see what kinds of aged whiskeys they produce in the future. I want to come back and take the tour next time.
4	This review is for the Tar and Feather party, which I attended on Fri.  Overall, this was a fun event.  The cocktails were yummy (my favorite was the lime one) and reasonably priced ($5 each), and the admission price was right (free!).  The food truck gathering was also a great idea, and I enjoyed having the opportunity to sample food from one of our local mobile vendors (the Oh My Grill Truck)--though I waited waaayyy to long for it (see my review for them).  And the live music was good--but then again, I'm biased since a friend is in the band (Good Night States).  Given the density of the crowd, the event seemed to be quite popular, and most people seemed to be having a good time.For an event focused on the Whiskey Rebellion, I felt that it was a bit light on historical content.  As someone who knows little about the Whiskey Rebellion, I was hoping that the exhibits would be a bit more educational.  Sure, making rebellion-themed sashes, decorating lemon biscuits, and face painting is fun, but I was hoping the exhibitors and/or the proprietors of Wigle would have taught me something substantive about the Whiskey Rebellion.  Also, I was hoping there'd be tours of the distillery, since that's one of the highlights of this place. Although the casks of whiskey were visible, as was part of the distilling apparatus, nobody was around to explain the distilling process to me.  To be fair, I arrived at 7pm and spent a great deal of time waiting in line for food, so it's possible that the proprietors may have been available earlier to provide tours or more information.  Be that as it may, I felt that I missed out on this part of the experience of visiting Wigle because of this, so I'll have to return in the future to take a tour.Overall, I had a fun time and would attend this event again in the future, but I hope the historical theme could be beefed up a bit for next year.
5	I wish I could give this place more stars...  My wife and I went on the guided tour which was excellent.  It starts off with a cocktail of our choice made with their product. I cannot recall which we chose, but both were great! Not only was the guide funny, but was very informative.  He discussed the basics of how whiskey and other spirits are made, the history of whiskey in the Pittsburgh area and how Mr. Wigle influenced the landscape.  Throughout each step of the process they also provide samples for those of us on the tour to smell and look at which provides an even stronger understanding of how their products are made.At the end of the tour you get to sit with others in the group and taste five of their spirits.  The additional chocolate at the end was a great way to finish (it is made with their whiskey!)The experience was so enjoyable that when we found ourselves grabbing lunch nearby at Penn Ave Fish Co., we decided to stop in again for a cocktail before lunch.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  They answered all my odd questions, and found one of their distillers to answer those which they could not.  Overall it was an exceptional experience and one I will hope to experience again.  For the meantime I get to enjoy some of their great whiskey's which are available for sale on the premises.   I recommend getting the flight of experimental aged wheat and rye whiskeys (sp?).  We also enjoyed their old fashioned so much that we bought all the ingredients from them so we can continue to enjoy them!
5	Guys, I hate whiskey but will drink Wigle.  From my up-front honesty, I'll say Landlocked Spiced and Giniver are two of my absolute favorite drinks right now.  The staff is extremely inviting and knowledgeable on each of the spirits in their collection.  My favorite combos are the Landlocked Spice with limeade and aromatic bitters OR with ginger beer.  Can't go wrong with these guys!
4	I want to write about Wigle as an event space.  The owners have held countless fundraisers and events for local non-profits, and they are superb hosts.  Their tours are informative, and I like that it's a good space for acoustic music and that the crowd can spill out into the parking lot if it is a nice evening.  The staff is really helpful and it's a festive and fun place to be.As far as the name Wigle goes, many would be happy to learn the distillery is named after Phillip Wigle, who's confrontation with a tax collector help spark the Whiskey Rebellion.
5	If you haven't been to Wigle Whiskey, drop what you are doing and get there now!  Seriously, this place is incredible and a lot of fun.I've visited several times.  It is a great place to stop for drink or whiskey tasting.  Their cocktails are affordable, tasty and STRONG.  You can choose from four or five seasonal cocktails featuring their whiskey, bitters and other local ingredients (when possible).  The staff is extremely friendly and always willing to spend time with you talking about the whiskey, the place in general and just about anything you have questions about.They also put on excellent events.  Some, like the annual Tar and Feather party are free and some, like tastings and tours, have a charge but are worth every penny.  I never would have thought I liked whiskey, but after visiting Wigle and doing the tasting, I learned that I really enjoyed both the wheat and rye.  And absoutely loved it in the cocktails.  If you are looking for a unique drink, someplace fun to buy or just want a different liquor to try, make sure you stop at Wigle.
5	Amazing place with amazing people!  It is very wheelchair friendly, although when we went there last in the winter they had to open a big garage door to get my husband inside in his power chair-- luckily we were the only ones in there so it wasn't a problem for other patrons that might have been cold.  Extremely supportive and accommodating, plus Ginever!!
5	This is definitely a must-see on any list of "Things-To-Do-In-Pittsburgh!"  Even if you don't like whiskey, it's a fun place to visit and you won't regret it!  All of the staff are very friendly and welcoming.  Wigle Whiskey is always hosting different events and parties, so there's always something to do or try.  I would definitely recommend following their FB, where they are constantly posting the various things happening at the distillery.You can also visit the distillery to just get a drink, take a tour, or have a tasting.  All the cocktails are great and they make their own bitters!AND, there's parking!!  So no need to spend an hour circling around the strip, trying to find parking.
5	I was so stoked to finally stop over here for an event this weekend because I knew I would love it. I've been enjoying their whiskeys ever since they opened a few years ago, but I've never been able to stop in to the distillery until now. I have been pleasantly surprised by how involved Wiggle is in the community and how many events it participates in: I've probably been to half a dozen events (some of them Yelp events) where young and peppy Wiggle reps are there promoting their goods.  From a subjective standpoint, I really enjoy the generally younger staff who know how to network and showcase the company's incredible products. And boy are the products good. I wouldn't consider myself a whiskey connoisseur by any means, but I do enjoy a nice clean glass once in a while. And after trying many of their products at the sampling on Friday (ryes, wheats, malts, and gins (!), oh my!), I definitely will be purchasing Wiggle's products for my whiskey (and sometimes gin) needs in the future.
4	I'm a Wigle fan! Though I have actually spent more time at Wigle Whiskey's new(er) whiskey garden in the North Shore, I have enjoyed stopping by here to purchase a bottle or two. Not only do they have great service and great product but I also love supporting this local business.
4	What a fun tour!  I really enjoy finding out how things are made so the distillery tour was perfect.  I took my boyfriend here as part of our nine month anniversary.  It started with a cocktail from their list of seasonal drinks.  I got the Bear Trap;  a creamy delicious concoction with their wheat whiskey. The tour itself was very informative.  Our guide explained things in laymans terms in order for those who aren't whiskey experts (like myself).  It was a little cramped, but we had a large group so that was to be expected.  The final tastings were great too!  I now know how to properly try whiskey.  We ended up buying two bottles of some of the whiskey we tried.
4	What a neat space. There are barrels lining the walls and the bar had a nice setup. I was here for Farm to Table so it was quite crowded. That aside I got to see a bit of how they make the whiskey. It was fun getting to watch them fire up the kiln and prepare ingredients to become yummy whiskey. They have several different varieties and I've only had the pleasure of trying 3 so far. The one I like the most is made with apple cider. I would have liked to  ordered a drink off the menu and most likely would have brought a bottle home but the place was so packed and I was getting a bit overwhelmed with all the people trying to get to the same place at the same time. I hope to venture here in the near future to sample some more of their offerings.
4	Tried my first ever whiskey here! The samples they were giving out were in tiny shots, so I assumed that must mean that you're supposed to down them like a shot. The girl working the table kinda giggled at me as I made a face, and she handed me another one, saying: "Try sipping it this time, I promise it'll taste better." It did. And thus my whiskey education began....The people working here are very passionate about what they do, which makes the whole visit all the more interesting. I would have loved a tour to see the whole process, but I was there for an event and it was very hot and crowded. Next time. I was glad I got to sample a few different types of whiskey: rye, wheat, and apple cider. They were all pretty good. I'd love to go back again and learn some more about whiskey!
3	Good. Nice but very new.I hope people visit to get them going as I think they need a little more time and they will be even better.The flights could be a little more generous though,as only an ouce per glass and there are 4 glasses.
