5	Welcome to Charlotte, Tupelo Honey Cafe! Yelpers, get ready to have your taste buds delighted. I've been anxiously awaiting Tupelo Honey's arrival to the Charlotte food scene. I've heard nothing but amazing things about it but the 1.5-2 hour wait at the one in Asheville left me pining away. But not anymore, as we have our very own! It fills the space once occupied by the Pewter Rose Bistro.We were lucky enough to join Tupelo Honey Cafe for a soft opening tonight. Usually restaurants use soft openings to work out kinks and problems, but it didn't seem like they really needed it. Everything was already operating like a smooth oiled machine. The service was excellent and the food was all superb. They were serving a limited menu but there was still something for everyone. Homemade Pimento Cheese and Tortilla Chips - Awesome. The pimento cheese was served hot, reminiscent of a Southern version on queso dip. The chips were also hot and fresh. Biscuits: Fresh biscuits served with Tupelo honey and berry jam. So.Freakin.Good. My search for the best biscuit has ended. Tupelo wins. These biscuits are light, fluffy, flaky, buttery, salty, and just damn good. SHOO-Mercy Shirmp and Grits: Oh man. A dozen perfectly cooked, succulent shrimp with bacon, caramelized onions, spinach, and sauteed mushrooms all served over goat cheese grits... Read that again... Goat cheese grits! If you aren't a fan of goat cheese, skip this dish as it is a very dominant flavor. Or better yet, try them and you may discover that goat cheese isn't all that bad like I did :) I also tried the Southern Fried Chicken Saltimbocca. So, so, so good. The chicken was perfectly cooked. So juicy. The country ham, Havarti and Marsala sauce pushed the dish over the top. The cheese smashed cauliflower were a bit of a let down. They just weren't as exciting as I wanted them to be. Finished the dinner off with a piece of Bourbon Pecan Pie. Perfect crust. Tons of pecans on top and ooey gooey pecan pie filling in the middle. You could smell the butter in every bite. Definitely the perfect desert for those with a sweet tooth. Side notes... They share the parking lot with The Liberty. They are on the second floor. There are two staircases and an elevator you can use to get up to them. The patio looks awesome! Can't wait for the weather to get nice to enjoy it. The space inside is beautiful. I love the exposed brick. They have a really nice bar area with TVs and a great selection of local beers on tap and tasty cocktails. Their mint iced tea was a bit on the sweet side for me but I loved the fresh mint flavor. Our waitress, Kat, was very friendly and attentive.I can't wait to try out more of their menu!! See you soon Tupelo Honey Cafe :)
5	The wings were amazing. The mac and cheese was amazing. Really enjoyed this place and can't wait to eat here again. Everyone on the staff was very friendly and accommodating.
5	Good food and service for opening night. The fried okra was delicious. Loved the biscuits with jam and honey. Everyone in our party left satisfied!
5	Although I'm a Southerner by birth, I've been away a few years and I was worried Tupelo Honey Cafe's categorization as "Southern" food meant it would be just a deep fried mess. Couldn't be further from the truth. Yes, there were fried dishes, but everything I ate was cooked with care and a flair for the imaginative. The grit cakes and fried chicken were especially good, and the scallops were a spicy, slightly Eastern-inspired surprise. The staff were top notch even during its opening week. We even heard from the ownership and management (Steve and Greg) and overall I came away totally impressed.Highly recommended!
2	We visited Tupelo Honey after only a week of being open. The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly on a very busy Friday night. It was their first Friday night. We enjoyed a nice bottle of Cabernet at a reasonable price and found a seat in the bar in about 15 minutes. The service was impeccable, the food was somewhere between average and below, yes it was ...we are very sorry to say. We tried the Pimento Cheese dip appetizer which was pretty good but the chips were not. At best the chips were the ones you do not pick up in the grocery. My guy had the meatloaf which was somewhat dry, way over salted. His mac and cheese was just okay. I had the black bean burger, it was fine...not great, not awful. I ordered the greens for a side which tasted as if they had been sauteed in lard, perhaps rancid lard. We will go back for drinks because everyone was so nice, but we are both pretty sure we will not dine there again unless things change. All of this for an easy $80.00 is a little tough to swallow in Dilworth where we have so many other good choices.
4	Biscuits.  Yes, I said it, the biscuits are great.  I came here for a tasting as a +1 for a Yelp Elite event and then came back on a Monday night with friends and family.  First, the menu is big, but no Cheesecake Factory.  Fortunately after a tasting and a dine-in visit, I got a chance to sample a few things including the crab cakes, scallops, Appalachian Egg Rolls, catfish and goat cheese grits.  Out of those my favorites were the scallops (perfectly cooked) and the egg rolls mostly because there was pulled pork inside!  And of course the biscuits with the berry jam & the tupelo honey.  Apparently the story is the honey used to come from bees in the Tupelo, MS area, but recent devastation caused a shortage.  Now they are getting the honey from a similar strain of bees, hence keeping with Tupelo.The crab cakes, I felt, had a bit too much breading and a more cakey consistency.  The catfish was normal, nothing special.  The goat cheese grits is not your Mama's grits.  It took me slightly off guard as I'm used to traditional cheese grits, but I love goat cheese, and of course the two together can take a little to get used to. The crowd was lively on a Monday night, but probably because they just opened recently.  Parking can also be an issue as both times I had to park on a side street since the lot was always full.  Come prepared.  I'll come back to try the many other creative items on the menu making it a fresh change in the traditional southern fare.   Would I like more biscuits.  Yes, I'll have one more.... plate.
4	mmmm mmmm good!leave your healthy self at the door, and go on in and enjoy some fantastically delicious grub!I had been to the location in Asheville, and was quite excited when I heard about one opening in Charlotte. For my first visit, I started with the biscuits and I was already in heaven; warm, soft, flaky, delicious. Some of the other foods I tasted included the pulled pork spring rolls, the fried chicken, the seared scallops and last but not the least, the pecan pie. my favorite of them all was definitely the fried chicken. It's probably amongst the best fried chicken I've ever had. The batter was so flavorful. The chicken was topped with some melted cheese and came with a cauliflower gratin on the side. Moving on from the food...The ambiance was nice & cozy, and the servers seemed very friendly! I'm going back there soon when I'm ready for another divinely semi-unhealthy meal ;)
4	Rolled up on a Tuesday night since I had to kill about 1.5 hours while waiting for someone to arrive at the airport.  Old Pewter Rose location (RIP).  Place was pretty busy and since I didn't have time to wait they offered us the counter right at the kitchen which was open.  Kind of like a Chef's table but they called it something different.The experience was doubly awesome since we got to watch them prepare all of the yummy dishes.  We were right there facing the line cooks and chefs.  Both me and my co diner ordered the nutty fried chicken on the recommendation of the server.  It was served with sweet potato mash and asparagus.  The entire plate was quickly devoured and I must say it was very tasty.  Oh, and they started us off with one of the most wonderful, fluffy rolls that I have ever eaten.  Since I was right there I noticed a sign that said that the rolls, before being served had to be approved by a chef before going out.  Pretty cool, and maybe that contributes to the hot, doughy perfection that I ate.All in all, it was a great experience at a renovated old favorite restaurant of mine.  I will definitely return so I can try other things on a menu that I really didn't have time to properly peruse but remember there was some pretty great stuff on it.
5	This place will definitely be in our regular rotation. We got here about 600 on Friday night, which was just in time to beat the big crowds.  Service was extremely attentive and prompt. I ordered my 4 year old daughter a grilled cheese sandwich and fruit along with our apps and she literally ate the entire plate of food, plus a biscuit, which is very unusual! I can only assume it was great!! And those biscuits. Soooooo yummy. Flaky and buttery and hot!! I could have eaten 10! They may be my favorite biscuit from a restaurant. Fried green tomatoes were nice; I'm not really a connoisseur of these so will defer to others, I thought they were good but only the second time I've ever eaten them. For dinner, I got the crab cakes, which looked a little bready, so I was concerned, but were delicious with lots of crab. They had a hard crust vs most with a soft crust, but I liked them a lot. And the Swiss chard and asparagus mix on the side was yummy. I wished there were more of it. I tried my husband's pulled pork and it was super yummy and a HUGE portion. We had a table of 8 and everyone seemed very happy with their food. We eat out a lot so we will definitely be back. One piece of advice, we ordered so many apps that we were totally full after entrees. Next time I will skip some so we can try the desserts!Only downer is parking but I can't knock the restaurant for that. The parking sucks though. Be prepared to walk a block unless you want to run up your blood pressure looking for a space in the tiny adjacent lot.
4	Ok, Ok, I give in.  I'm a fan, I'm a follower, I'm a kool-aide drinker, I'm pathetically ALL about this place.  I was secretly hoping I didn't like it so I could go against the hype and put a spotlight on the truth of this place BUT the truth is...it was a very good experience.Right off the bat I can tell you I gave 4 stars instead of 5 due to the ambiance.  It was loud and chaotic on Friday night.  I think the exposed kitchen only added clinking and clanging to the already hollowed out echoing that was taking place in the main dining area.  It was so loud that I was literally having to strain to talk to the people at my table.Regarding the food...Everything that came out was done sensationally!  Of course we started with the biscuits, which are served with honey (no surprise there) and a blueberry jam.  These biscuits were absolutely heavenly.  They are the kind of biscuits that make other biscuits jealous.  I mean, FORGET Flying Biscuit, Bojangles, Biscuitville, and wherever else you may get a fresh biscuit.  THC has got to be serving the best or close to it!  They were buttery, flaky, warm, soft, yet crispy on the outside.  I ordered the veggie plate and bumped up to 4 veggies for $12.95.  I tried the asparagus, cheesey cauliflower rice, mashed sweet potatoes and brown butter brussel sprouts.  They accidentally brought out the homemade mac and cheese as well.  This platter was the most comforting veggie plate I have ever had.  The mashed sweet potatoes were my favorite.  They were pleasantly flavored with just enough brown sugar to balance the other savory items I selected.  My next favorite dish was the brown butter brussel sprouts.  They were cooked to a tender perfection, they were seasoned just enough and the butter balanced the normal bitter taste of the sprouts.  Next up would be the cheesy cauliflower rice.  I make cauliflower rice at home but nothing like this!  This was a great mix between mashed potatoes au gratin and cheesy grits.  The texture was obviously more "rice-like" but the flavor was very rich and again soothing/comforting.  Lastly, I tried the asparagus.  They were my least favorite but still rather tasty.  They were covered in benne seeds but just didn't have much flavor.  They were crispy and warm, which was good but I would have preferred some other type of flavoring.  Others at my table enjoyed the Meatloaf which was rosemary infused, tender and bursting with flavor!  Her meal was served with the mac n cheese which was very good--creamy (not gummy) and had a nice spice to it (not bland).  Another person ordered the grilled cheese that is served with creamy tomato soup.  At first I thought that was ridiculous to order but then I realized this was a grilled cheese on steroids and absolutely worth ordering!  It was served on toasted sourdough bread, had bacon on it, fried green tomatoes AND pimento cheese all united in a very holy matrimony.  It was brilliant.I'm sure they are still working out a few kinks but they really served up a great meal.  I knew their brunch would be good but I didn't know what to expect regarding dinner and I left 100% satisfied.  The service was decent but I think it could be better and will get better over time.  The servers seemed to be running ragged and they seem a little short staffed in general.  The manager did approach the table which I always enjoy but everyone just seemed a little frazzled.  Obviously I wouldn't advise going here for a romantic dinner but this place is better for a group of friends or a casual date.  I saw one too many kids so that puts a damper on a low key date night in my opinion.Go for the food and you won't be disappointed.  I think the initials for this restaurant are really a subliminal message...."THC"...because the food is euphoric.  :)Enjoy!
1	Only open a couple of weeks but not a good experience. Waited over an hour to receive our food. Waitress was nice but had way too many tables. Food was just ok.I normally do not write reviews but felt like I should share.
4	I'll start by saying we've eaten at the THC in downtown Asheville quite a few times so, we were expecting greatness from this location. And for the most part they didn't disappoint.We went this Saturday which was their first morning opening to my understanding. We were very lucky and got there before there was a wait. The food was excellent as we expected, the service ok which I'll cut them some slack on since they are new and it was their first AM service. The trainers/management did a good job of stepping up and covering the wait staff that is still learning their way around. My only semi-criticism is if THC Asheville has cat head biscuits, Charlotte's are more like kitten heads. They are still delicious just 1/2 to 2/3 scale of the originals. Which is probably better for your waist size but, is a little disappointing when they are gone.I got the eggs Betty which was good but would have been a little small on its own because of the new biscuit size but was served with enough potatoes to fill you up. The potatoes were different than they are in Asheville and I liked them better than the originals. These had less rosemary than the ones in Asheville.I look forward to going back!
5	I first went to tupelo in Greenville sc and absolutely fell in love. The biscuits are unbelievable!! I would go just to eat one, or two or three.. :) The peach rosemary lemonade is a must. It is so refreshing and sweet! I also recommend the nutty friend chicken, it is incredible! This place reminds me of cracker barrel, but w/ more class. I will for sure be coming back again soon!
3	Great service!!! The food was sub par for sure. I had the chicken saltimbocca, others had the blackened catfish the tupelo burger and the sassy chicken. The seasoning is none existent on all of the above mentioned dishes. If light seasoning is what you like give this place a try. The egg roll appetizer was entertaining but the fried green tomatoes were forgettable. Definitely not a good choice for my last night in Charlotte, NC.
4	Hah!  Like Giannabrie, I too kinda drink the THC Kool Aid and have been salivating for the restaurant to open since the Charlotte location annoucement was made a few months ago.  Let's just say if you're a fan of the Asheville location, this location IS different, but won't disappoint.  The food is very similar, and I believe consistent to what you find at the original.  (Pillowy biscuits and blueberry jam packed with whole fruit...those famous sweet potato pancakes the size of your head with crunchy pecans...oh yeah!) What won me over were the servers and bar staff who knew exactly what each menu item included and weren't afraid to make recommendations. The staff is very friendly and even with a packed house on two occasions, we still felt attended to, and our needs met.  (Once, I was on a time crunch of an hour, and despite a completely full bar area, our server made sure our food came out quickly, and our bill taken care off within that 60 minute window.) Note:  No reservations taken under I believe it is 6 or 8 people.  Their first week they also didn't accept phone carry-out orders...you had to go in and order in person, and wait at the restaurant.  That was a bit irritating.Note 2: Parking can be tricky during peak hours, (Liberty is in the same plaza, along with other businesses) so plan accordingly. Bottom Line:  If you're a fan of the other locations...and enjoy their style of Southern cuisine, put this on your list.  It's a great go-to for Breakfast, lunch or dinner. I also think it's a good place to take out-of-town guests for a real taste of the Carolinas.
5	We throughly enjoyed our experience at Tupelo Honey. This has only been open for a few weeks, but there were no signs of that at our meal. The service was excellent, taking care of our needs but not overwhelming us with constant attention. The food was wonderful. My wife throughly enjoyed her Charleston chicken sandwich. I had the steak au poivre and loved every bite. The quality of the steak was outstanding and it was cooked to perfection. And the mac & cheese was, in a word, incredible. I would marry this mac & cheese. I wanted to go to other tables and ask if they had any leftover mac & cheese I could finish off. We will definitely be back for more!
5	Everything about Tupelo was great! Service, atmosphere, the starter biscuits (were huge!!) with blueberry jam, goat cheese grits, cranberry mayo on the Charleston Chicken Sandwich, right down to my freshly squeezed orange juice mimosa :) And the mimosa was huge!! Well worth the $7. Yum!! Check it out :)
1	Don't bother and ignore the hype.  This was terrible.  It took an hour to get our food.  It was ice cold when it arrived.  So we sent back some of it (our kids were starving so they are it anyway) and ours never came back.  26 minutes later and our grilled cheese still didn't arrive.  No one seemed to be caring.  The waitress said it was the kitchen.  There were at least three 'manager-ish' guys around but they seemed much more concerned with getting more people seated than getting the food right.  Not ONE of them noticed that no food was getting out.  Then I got the bill and they took 40% off but still charged me for the food I didn't even get.  One manager was the guy who said 'I'll have your food remade' but never bothered to make sure we actually received it.  He also said 'I can give a discount or take off the food, but not both.'   This was pretty disappointing.  I think I'd be less annoyed if anyone gave a hoot after it was screwed up and made sure it was fixed.  But they didn't.  No one took ownership, not once, and -- new restaurant or not -- someone needs to be paying attention.
5	First time to tupelo in Charlotte!  Busy on Sunday morning but got seats at the bar!  Super fun atmosphere and the drink menu was awesome!  Got fresh biscuits while waiting with honey, delish!  The goat cheese grits were awesome and has a custom omelet! Great food for the price!  So glad it's in Charlotte now!
2	Opening weekend seemed to be a success so I decided to go today for the 2nd time, to celebrate my birthday. I was very excited to bring a group of co-workers with me. We waited 20 minutes for a seat but since we arrived during the lunch rush, we were patient. Just as before the biscuits, jam & honey were amazing but unfortunately that was the extent of my good experience. We waited a long time for our food (we're at about an hour in at this point) and once it came so did the requests. Mayo, dressing for a friends salad, etc. our waitress seemed young and a bit inexperienced to handle multiple requests as she would bring one item out at a time. After my burger sat getting cold for another 10 minutes I asked again for mayo and was told "it's coming!". At that point I'm losing my appetite because of her attitude and service but it was my birthday lunch after all so I was going to enjoy this burger....or was I? Nope, my med well burger was med RARE at best once I cut into it and at that point the rest of my party was more than 1/2 way through their meal. I was done. The manager said she would comp my meal, give me a gift card (which she never gave me) and bring me something else from the menu but seemed like she honestly didn't care that my birthday lunch was ruined...and they still brought me the check for the "comped" grilled cheese sandwich I had to choke down. This did not seem like the same place I had dinner opening weekend. Had it only been issues with the food & had I not been disrespected by the staff, I might have returned once they get the kinks worked out. Tip: the wood floors are EXTREMELY slippery (hold the wax, folks) and an elderly lady fell flat on her back while we were there. I was wearing heels and almost slipped myself. Be aware of that & wear shoes with some sort of traction or be very cautious when walking on them.
4	Always came out happy from this place... The biscuits are so good and so are the burgers.
3	The decor is sunny and cute. The service is attentive and prices are moderate. The complimentary biscuits are delicious and remind of my late Granny's.  Mmmm to the homemade jam.  A little disappointed in the omelet,for the yummy description did not match the basic presentation. Sweet potato pancake is plate-sized and yummy--we did not need any syrup. Also would like to see some turkey bacon/sausage or chicken sausage ( NC has local farmers who produce) added to the menu since they are big on local ingredients. Heard the coffee is good and will try on a future visit.
4	Best biscuit I had in Charlotte, hands down. It's was fluffy and buttery with a hint of salt. Plus, that blueberry jam is to die for (and free!!).I got the eggs betty with asparagus. My egg was a touch over cooked, the asparagus was well made and of course, it had a lovely biscuit to soak up and egg bits. The goat cheese grits were missing the tangy bite I pictured when I saw goat cheese. Besides that, the grits weren't thick and creamy enough for me.We shared the crispy grit cakes which had a fantastic texture and was very tasty without being overly greasy. The salsa on the side was a week thought out accompaniment.My coffee was very good, with a lower acidity than most places (so you don't get that nasty after taste).While I'm used to waiting long lines for brunch, this place was really pretty packed to the gills. However, service was lovely ask around.
4	You know something's going right when the lunchtime wait for a table is 45 to 60 minutes!  Luckily, THC proves to be worth the wait and then some.Now in fairness, I and my party of 5 stopped in for New Year's Day lunch at 1 PM.  It was packed but the hostess stand had things firmly under control and the adjacent bar space is the ideal place to get settled in and enjoy a local craft beer or cocktail.  Given the special day, I gave the drink list a gander and asked if there was any cocktail that didn't fall on the sweeter side of things.  Our bar server was refreshingly honest and admitted all their drinks were a bit sweet, but he directed me to the 'Paris of there South,' due to the complexity of flavors and the rye whiskey base.  Sweet?  Yes, but it was a very pleasing blend of bitters, elderflower and ginger beer.  I could have had a half dozen.  I should also note the 'Mega-Mosa" here, which is a Mimosa that includes nearly a full pint of champagne.  Definitely not for just sipping and perfect for an extended brunch.  This bar alone will do well in this city.We did advance our timeline by scoring a table in the bar area, which is all first-come first-serve seating.  My only complaint was the wait to get service started, but the two servers in this area seemed stretched out to the max and it wasn't for a lack of interest on their part.  In fact, our server acknowledged the wait and more than made up for it once he got to us, with a quick wit and spot-on service throughout.  He was as entertaining and quite professional, an ideal mix.The menu largely breaks down into sandwiches, entrees, and breakfasts, with a big focus on Southern cooking and large portions.  There is no 'lite' menu here and it's all but impossible to order anything small.  Given the huge fluffy biscuits that come with any order, this will be a BIG meal, no way around it, so loosen up your belt and settle in.I had a country breakfast plate and there eggs were cooked perfectly to order and came with a very large portion of country ham.  Home fries are thin sliced potatoes and, while good, were very oily and lacked a bit of crispness that would have made them pop a bit more.  All of our sides, even a very tasty swiss chard and asparagus, were pooling with oil upon arrival at the table.  All quite tasty, but really only adding to the heaviness of the meal.  My wife had the 'sassy garlic chicken' and it was rather tasty, especially with a nice peach-burbon glaze on top.  Again, portion sizes were large and it would not be impossible to share a single entree if you're not looking to blow it all out at a single sitting.Omelettes and the sweet-potator pancake (even the kid's portion) are massive and will more than fill even a hearty appetite.  All are also highly recommended alternatives.  THC knows how to serve you some food and keep the taste factor high.  You will likely leave, however, feeling that there is no need to eat again for the day.  Definitely not a place to put on the regular rotation if you have any concern for the waistline, but a welcome addition to the city dining scene when the occasion calls for hearty fare with a recognizable Southern twist.  Good character, fine drinks, and they will make sure you leave quite full... this place is as sweet as their name.
4	Finally made it here to get some brunch.  I've been in a Flying Biscuit rut and needed to try these biscuits.  I entered and said party of 1 and they shooed me to the bar.  The place was empty and I like being offered a table.  After I sat down at the bar the hostess came back over and said I could pick a table in the bar area, I didn't have to sit at the counter.  Too late.  The counter had a chilled channel in it which was awesome for keeping drinks cool.I go to Flying Biscuit a lot because they don't serve pork and I don't eat pork so I knew I'd have to pay attention to the menu more.  The chicken and biscuits sounded nice, or maybe the vegetarian options of the day.  The chicken and biscuits was covered in milk gravy and I know in many parts of the US biscuits and gravy is served with sausage gravy.  I asked the bartender if the gravy had any sausage or anything and he said no.  I didn't get the full ingredient list so maybe it has lard or bacon drippings, but definitely didn't taste like bacon so I'll believe it was pork-free.I was served a biscuit with the jelly and of course honey.  I skipped the honey but used the jelly.  The biscuit is a completely different type than a Flying biscuit.  It reminded me more of a KFC biscuit, but fresher.  I devoured it.When my meal came it was delicious and exactly what I expected.  breaded and fried chicken breast in a heart shape served over 2 biscuits with white gravy. It was too much after already eating another biscuit.The bar had many taps including all the local players as well as microbrews.  I was working when I ate there so I didn't get to try a bloody mary, but hopefully I will make it back soon to try it out.I know I mentioned Flying Biscuit a lot.  Really the two are quite different aside from the fact that both restaurants consider a biscuit to be their signature.
5	By far my best dining experience in recent memory, and that's ever - not just in Charlotte. Having known about the original in Asheville, I admittedly had high expectations. And WOW were they fulfilled! Above and beyond. Some of the staff is still new (they have experienced training staff on board for their opening weeks to smoothen the transition), but what a couple of them may lack in savvy waiter quickness and intuition, they make up for it with passion for the food and a genuine eagerness to please their customers. Truly a great experience every time I go - THC opened in early December and I've been 4 times!
5	Went on NYE and didnt appear they were ready for the crowd... we arrived about 1050, they opened at 11, nobody upfront to start taking names.. somebody finally came by and said it would be about 5 minutes 2 minutes before 11. When they were reading to start seating there was a large crowd and no list.. it was a 'who was here before who' to get sat. Not a good start, however everything after that was amazing. Our server was extremely nice and came over very quickly to get drinks/take orders. We both othered the same breakfast.. scrambled eggs, he got grits/sausage I had bacon/potatoes. The goat cheese grits were amazing, the sausage was the best I have ever had, bacon was peppered and good pieces.. potatoes a little greasy but good, the eggs were overcooked for both our liking... the portions were HUGE.. 3 pieces of bacon... the sausage patty was big... we also ordered a side of biscuit/gravy.. we added some of the sausage to it and that really put it over the top. For the portion size the prices are very reasonable.. the set up of the resturant is bright and warm.. good family spot.. would love to go back for lunch/dinner and check out the rest of the menu.
4	I've only ever eaten their breakfast, but it is fantastic! I'm only giving it four starts because I haven't had their lunch or dinner items. I don't ever care to, though, because I could eat their breakfast items any time of the day or week. I love making my own omelets: My fave combination is pimento cheese, red pepper, caramelized onions, and bacon. Their goat cheese grits are phenomenal and the sweet potato pancake is unreal!
1	Had a group of six people, were told an hour and a half wait. That turned into a 3hour plus wait. We were seated and it took 10 minutes to get waters and even longer to get food orders in to the waitress whom it was clear had no desire or training for this job. The food came out wrong and took excessive time to get and then was mediocre at best. Just an overall terrible experience and I will never go there again. To any of the locations. It's just not up to the hype. Or price. If I could give less stars I would.
3	I had a really bad experience during a recent visit to Tupelo Honey.  We had a group of 6, with no reservation, so I knew there would be a wait.  The hostess said it would be 35-40 minutes.  No big deal.  We grabbed a drink and a seat outside to wait it out.  After about 45 minutes, we went to check on the table and the hostess said it would be another 35-40 minutes.  What?! How do you misjudge the timing by half??Since we had already invested that much time in it, we decided to wait it out.  After about 45 more minutes, we were finally sitting down at our table.  Then the wait only continued.  Our server was not very friendly and not in any hurry.  We ordered an appetizer of chips and pimento cheese.  It took about 15 minutes to finally get that appetizer.  That's right, 15 minutes to melt some cheese and put it on a plate with chips and get it to our table.  Ridiculous.Luckily it didn't take that long to get the food, but unfortunately a couple of the plates had the wrong sides, which had to be corrected.  If it wasn't for the fact that the food was actually pretty good and those darn biscuits are good enough to eat a dozen, Tupelo wouldn't have even gotten 3 stars.  I'm going to try it out again and hope for a little better experience.  If that doesn't happen, I probably won't go back...except to maybe pick up a few biscuits on carry out.
3	Good looking dining area and friendly, knowledgeable staff.I don't understand why they put the effort to label their side dishes as vegan on the menu, but not their entrees. The black bean burger is a good option, but needed a little hot sauce to please my taste buds. The Tupelo tofu wings are almost vegan, i believe just depending on your honey stance and are a favorite for the wife. Their craft beer list is respectable. A few from Asheville (Greenman, Highland), couple from Charlotte, with a few other nice national options. The bar area looked nice, separated from the main dining area.Overall, they seem to be a really good fit for SouthEnd.
4	I could NOT wait to try out the new Tupelo Honey location in Charlotte.  Because I always worry about the new kinks of a place, and bad impressions, I decided to wait until they were open for a while... or like 3.5 weeks haha ( I could not help myself) Anyway- went yesterday for brunch with my mother and boyfriend.  Went at 11 on a Sunday ( worst move ever) and the wait was about 1.5 hrs... Food was DELISH- I was worried it might not live up to my experiences in Asheville, but surely it did!  Decor is perfect, and service...welllll the service needs a little help but nothing we didn't understand, after all, it was busy enough in there to have a 1.5hr wait!!
5	My husband and I took my siblings on the first Saturday Tupelo Honey was open and we loved it! I also want to give the manager big kuddos for personal service. My little brother is a type 1 diabetic and started getting low while we were waiting on a table, I asked the manager if we could order a biscuit for him to nibble on while we waited. The manager was super friendly and quickly brought out a biscuit and refused to accept payment. Tupelo Honey was such a wonderful expereince. The staff was super friendly and the food amazing!
5	This place is fantastic! The appetizer pork rolls are delicious, the crab cakes were amazing, and the pork dinner plate so juicy and tender. Let's not forget the amazing biscuits!! OMG, they are the absolutely best and a combination of a roll/biscuit. The service was outstanding, the ambiance calm and comfortable. I would definitely recommend this cafe for anyone who likes Southern food with a twist!
5	Geez this place is so good! Went here this past Saturday to experience the amazingness of Tupelo Honey. We have been to the Asheville location many times and couldn't wait to try it out.We walked here from our apartment.....yes, lucky us! So, I can't comment on the ease of parking but the parking lot looked extremely full when we left.We arrived around 5:45 and was told that it was a 30 minute wait. I saw an empty table in the bar area and asked the hostess if the bar area was first come first serve. It was, so we sat there. Just a warning, the bar area fills up super fast (especially now that it is cold outside and no one wants to wait out doors). So, if you want a quiet, non-crowding meal, you may just wanna wait for a table. Drinks- We both ordered the Tupelo Honey Rye Ale. It was delicious and decently priced. Their craft brew selections were pretty good, especially those within the state.Biscuits- The biscuits are like a slice of heaven! The come with a thng of blackberry jam and some of their honey (of course!) I split mine in half so I could have one half with jam and one half with honey....best of both worlds!Food- I ordered the grilled cheese (pimento and havarti) with a cup of tomato soup and my husband ordered the fried chicken with a mushroom sauce and mashed cauliflower. Both meals were very good. Some of the best pimento cheese I have ever had! The tomato soup is a little on the sweeter side. My husbands chicken was the winner though, soooooo tasty. The cauliflower side was a little off....I don't know, maybe not enough cheese or something. But the chicken, man that chicken!All in all, we will absolutely return. Just come super early or at weird times to avoid a wait because, yes, there will 100% be a good wait there.
4	I'm taking one star off only because it was crowded.  There, now I can get to everything wonderful about this place.  This might take a while.Setting:  Pewter Rose was a gorgeous location.  And with the redesign, it was only made better.  Lots of natural light, great paint scheme, interesting decor.  Comfy seating.  It all works.  Drink:  Love the focus on local and NC craft brewing.  My Birdsong Jalepeno Pale Ale was perfect.Food:  Lordy, it is amazing.  Too much to choose from?  "The menu is almost as big as Cheesecake Factory." observed my cohort.  There is a lot, but so much of it looks so good, that it's challenging to pick.  Here's what I went with - Appetizer - Appalachian Eggrolls.  BBQ in an eggroll.  This shouldn't work.  It seems like something from TGIFriday's.  But dang, take everything that's great about a regular eggroll, and combine that with everything great about good BBQ, and there you go.  Good portion size to share, without being too filling.Main lunch course:  Shoo Grill Cheese.  Havarti and pimento cheese, with ham and maple bacon, and fried green tomatoes on nicely toasted oat bread.  There are no words.  Eating it makes you happy.  So, so very happy.I would be remiss to not mention the complimentary biscuits.  They should be charging for these.  Another cohort, a biscuit afficiando, claimed they were in his top 3.Price:  Within reason.  Not cheap and not shockingly expensive.Amazing.  Wondrous.  Pleasant.  Delicious.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Delicious from the start. We arrived and was told it was an hour wait. We put our name on the list. We ended up only being 20 minutes. When we were sat at our table we were given waters and asked for other drink options. We ordered appetizers which consisted of the eggrolls, tomatoes, and okra. The egg rolls with barbecue is delicious, the tomatoes fried green, were delicious on top of the bed of cheesy grits, and the okra couldn't have been any crispier still with a yummy inside. I ordered the fried chicken BLT sandwich and added pimento cheese on top. It was to die for. Literally way too much food. I will definitely return. Everyone at the table was more than satisfied. Don't forget those free biscuits,served with blueberry jam and honey! It's a way to a southern girls heart
5	We started with the rosemary peach lemonade. It's tart and delicious and I definitely recommend it.  We had the onion bisque.  It was cream based, pretty tasty but needed extra salt.If you go to Tupelo Honey, you've got to try the southern fried chicken BLT.  It's perhaps the best chicken sandwich I have ever had.  WOW WOW WOW.  It's delicious and HUGE.  The scald on the chicken is perfect for this sandwich.  The chicken is really juicy and delicious, and the rest of the sandwich went very well.  I've been to THC numerous times and this is the best thing I've ever had here.  Fried okra on the side was only ok, could be dressed up a bit.  I usually get the eggs Betty on a biscuit (HOLY MOTHER this is a delicious breakfast, and with two biscuits total, you are happy to carry your food baby home afterwards).We got the veggie melt too. Just ok because there was way too much white sauce, and it just seemed uninspired next to the chicken masterpiece.  I've had this one at THC, I have recommended it to vegetarians and heard very positive reviews, and I've enjoyed the veggie melt myself, but much better at the downtown asheville location.Overall though everything was delicious.  The biscuit they bring you is great, with the honey and jam.  We'll definitely be back!
2	Great restaurant in Asheville, one of my favorite, but starting to get the same D-bag feel as the rest of south blvd...1/2 empty, but 30 min wait.  I'll stick to Flying Biscuit for brunch!
3	Ok so first time visit today, it was very empty...probably due to the Panther playoff game.  We had no wait for a table.  Service:Average at best.  I had to remind my waitress twice to bring me lemon for my tea.  And while we are on it, the sweet tea, was fab..however the waitress kept topping me off with WARM sweet tea.  Yeah, by the end of our meal I had tepid sweet tea, but i did eventually get my lemons.Food:Here's where I'm torn.  I will probably revise this rating when I go back.  The biscuits, yum, scrum-dil-ioucious.  The Appalachian egg-rolls...well,they were very mushy inside.  The first bite was not very good, but when I got going they were tolerable, to pleasant...but the texture inside was mush, that is quite offputting.  My friend got the sweet potato pancake.  It is HUGE!  And she said it was good.  The mashed sweet potato side looked ordinary.  Now onto the reason why I'm so torn...I got the garlic chicken.  It is served with mac and cheese and a swish chard/asparagus side.  My entire plate was covered with grease.  Unsure where it was coming from.  Everything tasted good, but the grease was really off putting.  The chicken was very very garlicky.  I liked that, but in addition to being very garlicky, the topping was also incredibly salty.  Like almost inedible for the regular person.  I could do it b/c I like things on the salty side.So at the end of the day I'm rating this place 3 stars.  I will most definitely be back.  So stay tuned.  Based on the hype I'm expecting my revised rating to be higher than my first visit.  We shall see.
4	We came after lunch time, but found it to be still incredibly busy.  We were given a 45 minute wait period, but really only waited about 20, so that was great.  We enjoyed the biscuits and jam very much.  We also ordered the grit cakes for an appetizer.  They were pretty good when you paired them with the sauce/salsa provided.  My husband had the po boy sandwhich and he said it was pretty good.  I had a veggie sandwhich that was pretty tasty.  I had the cheesy cauliflower which was decent for my side.  My husband had the okra with NC sauce, which we could not seem to stop eating.  I really liked that even though things might have been fried, they were light and not greasy!  I look forward to returning again to sample their breakfast menu!
4	Great food/atmosphere - fried okra is my faveLunch/Dinner is great, Brunch selection is more limitedDoes not take reservations for groups less than 8 people which is annoyingUsually has a very long wait & bar is always packed
3	Tupelo gets a 3 because I ate here and I didn't die.  But I almost didn't even get to eat here because I couldn't find the damn button to get the elevator doors to open.  If there is a camera in the corner watching jackasses like me trying to find the button to push, I bet it's hilarious.  I was super excited to try the place (more excited to see Candyce, but excited about the food too).  At 5:00 on a somewhat gloomy Wednesday, there were only 2 other tables seated, but by the time we were leaving, the place was full and there were a few folks waiting outside (and more road-ragers in the parking lot stalking people for their parking spots).  Hardwood floors, slowly turning ceiling fans, reclaimed wood-paned windows - they are going for the laid back southern charm look, I suppose.The hostess was very friendly, I was quickly seated since there was no one there.  Wait staff were very friendly and offered suggestions.But... eh.  It was fine.  Nothing earth shattering, nothing new, nothing unusual.  I wouldn't wait 5 minutes to eat here again, much less the hours that others are reporting.  I am guessing The Liberty has seen an uptick in business from folks who don't want to wait an eternity to eat at the new place next door.The food:The BISCUITS:  Ahhhh the much-praised biscuits... were fine.  Served room temp with a small cup of blueberry preserves or honey, they were kind of crumbly.  And the salt-dusted top half was not appetizing to me.  I tried to flick the salt off and covered it in the very fresh tasting blueberry preserves.  Not the best I have had, but not the worst (this is going to be a pattern throughout the meal).  2.5/5Appalachian Egg Rolls ($9):  3 small egg rolls, cut in half, served with chunky mustard and a BBQ sauce.  Stuffed with shredded pork, greens, some other stuff.  The BBQ sauce was good, the egg rolls were fine.  Not worth $9. 2.5/5Zippy-De-Do-Dah Sweet and Spicy Pork ($18):  Tender, well cooked pork drizzled with a smoky, sweet BBQ sauce.  Served with mac and cheese that was creamy but didn't really have any kind of flavor, and 4 spears of asparagus that were cooked well, mildly seasoned. The pork was the star of the meal.  3/5Pecan Pie ($5.45):  Well plated, nice sized slice but, again, nothing special.  It didn't taste any better to me than the frozen Sara Lee pecan pies that I eat straight out of the metal pie pan. 3/5As another reviewer stated, and this is small, but annoying - luke warm tea refills poured into glasses with no ice in them.  Meh.  All of the staff were hustling about once the place filled up - they are staffed well with friendly, competent folks for the large crowd, but I didn't have anything tonight that I would brave South End to get at again.
2	Okay...I REALLY wanted to like this place. I really did...BUT that didn't happen and I ended up leaving super disappointed. Eh...ummm let's see where to start? My mom always says to start with the good...So here goes: The problem was not with the service. I was warmly greeted by the hostess and showed to my lovely date. Our waiter and his trainer arrived to our table within minutes and were both very attentive and pleasant. They offered up some great suggestions and were extremely patient while we chatted and reviewed the menu. Also, major kudos to all the other waiters and staff that buzzed around the restaurant picking up empty plates, refilling glasses and just making sure we were having a good time.  HOWEVER....the service aside the food and ambiance just didn't do it for me.Biscuits: They were just okay.  (I know, I know....blasphemy)  My major issue was that they were not warm and flaky. I also wasn't a fan of the salt and pepper crust and the blueberry jam was just average. I mean it wasn't the worse I've ever had but I'm not running back for them either. Appalachian Egg Rolls: Again they were just okay. I'm a fan of shredded pork and greens and I figured rolled in an eggroll and fried my mind would have been...blown. And that just didn't happen.  I like the concept but I certainly wouldn't recommend them especially for the price. Catfish and Goat Cheese Grits: I've got to be brutally honest here:  I'm a new fan of grits. But I'm a longtime fan of goat cheese. And these grits were an epic fail for me. Perhaps, it's because I've been spoiled by the grits at Flying Biscuit (ahhhh...creamy, dreamy goodness)...but these grits were far from that. I found them to be a bit hard and chunky. Ewww. Let's hope I just got the end of a delicious batch....who knows!?  I also wasn't a fan of the catfish. Where was the seasoning? I asked for a side of the jalapeno aioli which I'd hoped would have kicked it up a notch. But was promptly told not to let the name fool me because that that was not spicy at all....say what!? Instead, they suggested the lemon cherry pepper aioli...and that didn't do it for me either....AND they charged me EXTRA for it. Ugh. Banana Pudding: Now, this was pretty tasty. But after not eating most of the meal it wasn't enough to convert me over as a fan. I'll give them some time to become "old news" in Charlotte and then give them another try....maybe for breakfast or brunch. But for now, it's not up there on my list of places to return any time soon.
4	Awesome southern inspired cooking with their own twist. You can't go wrong with much of anything on the menu, but it is a little pricey. The staff is great, ask for Johnny if he is working.
5	We're fans of the Asheville location and were thrilled when Tupelo Honey came to Charlotte!  It did not disappoint.  The hostesses were great and greeted us with a smile, even though the wait was long (Saturday at lunch took about 40-45 minutes for our table of 4  to be seated.  Which we expected, it just opened!)Lunch was fabulous.  I love their kids' menu--their philosophy is that kids can eat the same offerings as the grown-up menu, and my four year old had fried okra, sweet potato fries, and honey glazed fruit salad.  Maybe not the healthiest, but better than processed nuggets and greasy fries!The rest of us loved it.  The open-faced Mamie's veggie sandwich was good, my husband enjoyed the Shoo grilled cheese, and my oldest girl loved her chicken and biscuits--With a side of Brussels sprouts because you always need something green!  We finished off the meal with a Cheerwine float and banana pudding.  This was a real treat, and I can't wait to go with friends!(They do have an elevator for those that need it, but we just took the stairs.)
3	The fella and I have been waiting for all the excitement to die down, and we were excited to try TH for breakfast one Sunday morning.  They open at 8:00, and we got there at 8:02 - did I mention we were excited?The Bee Line wasn't working, which the fella was bummed about, and we were the first ones there.  The wait staff was still in the midst of their morning meeting when our hostess slooooowly walked us to a table smack dab in the middle of the walking path.  We asked to switch to a booth.  The inside looks totally different than when it was Pewter Rose - more casual, bright and family-friendly.  I was amazed at how much more seating TH had than PR... much better use of space.Our waiter was visibly ill, which was a pretty big turn-off.  The biscuits - as some other Yelpers have noted - were half the size of the ones in Asheville.  What the heck?!?  The breakfast menu also seemed about half the size of Asheville's.  I only saw one sweet dish (the sweet potato pancake), and the rest were savory.  Not even a granola dish like Asheville has... bizarre for such a crunchy, granola sort of place.The fella and I both got the country breakfast ($7.95), but split on all the options.  I don't like sausage, but his sausage patty beat my maple peppered bacon - which was way more pepper than maple - hands down.  The eggs were solid, and my home fries were delicious, but more like potato slices instead of chunks like I expected.  The fella isn't a big fan of goat cheese grits, but he said TH's were pretty darn good.Overall, I wanted to like TH Charlotte as much as I like TH Asheville, but perhaps another visit is in order after they really get in the swing of things.
4	We had tried to go here a few times, but it seems to always be packed.  This time we decided to grab some drinks at the bar and just patiently wait for something to open up.While we sipped on some drinks, they give you some free biscuits with honey and jelly, which are on the better end of biscuits I have had in Charlotte.The warm pimento cheese appetizer somehow found a way to make pimento cheese better than it already was, but the Sassy Garlic Crusted Char-Grilled Chicken was the highlight.  So delicious.  Naturally we washed down the meal with their Pecan Pie, which is awesome, just like the rest of their food appears to be.There was an odd downside to Tupelo, though.  The restaurant seemed to be populated with large groups of yuppy d-bags....I don't know if it was a weird night, or if d-bags are inherently drawn to free biscuits.......Either way, I definitely look forward to heading back here for food and/or drinks.
5	Love that we don't have to drive to Asheville anymore to get some of the best Southern food around. Unique flavors, excellent sides, top notch sweet tea, and great service. My only wish was that they allowed reservations for parties smaller than 8
5	We had the opportunity to sit at the chefs counter and eat our dinner while talking to and watching them prepare the various dishes, they were awesome.The food was really good but the Pecan Pie and Banana Pudding was incredible.  Whatever you do leave room for desert.
3	Tasty fried green tomatoes. Great house salad. Nice touch with the honey for the bread of course. Bacon undercooked but all in all a great brunch / lunch spot. Service wasn't good - the place was slammed (and always is) so could add some more staff during the rush. Parking is tough.
1	I really wanted to like this place, because all my friends had been and they seemed to like it. I give this place name the "fake southern food". We arrived at 5, parking is to say the least difficult.  At 5pm we were told it was an hour wait. So I spotted two seats at the bar and snagged them. I asked the bartender if we could eat there and she told us yes.  I ordered the tupelo honey draft, which was great.  Since I was sitting at the bar you would think the service would be great... Not so. She couldn't be bothered with us when I asked what was the best thing on the menu.. She simply said it's all good..(I don't think she's even eaten the food here) we ordered the okra to start. The okra came out pretty fast. I love fried okra, however this was wormy tasting mushy and not at all crisp on the inside. Fail. Won't try it again. Since it was so bland I was hesitant to order dinner and we thought about going some place else. It was filling up in the place the bar barely had standing room, and people were pushing and shoving. Some man came over and asked me if the seat next to me was taken and I said no he proceeded to shove another seat in next to me. If you've been there the bar area itself is small, an extra seat doesn't fit well.  Then the man asked to try my okra! Sure since I was done with it now.. And still waiting to order. Weird.   We got veggie plate and tomato soup and grill cheese. When it finally came, it looked ok. The grill cheese is just grilled cheese on big toast. Bland at best. The tomato soup was barely warm, no worries though because the five people tending bar couldn't be bothered to even ask. The veggie plate with Mac and cheeses, beets, and some kind of roasted collard greens was absolutely nasty. The beets were not cooked. Think raw beet dipped in some kind of vinegar sweet juice.. The collards were terrible not even cooked. And I didn't bother tasting the Mac and cheese.  My husband said it was ok. But if your in this area of town looking for southern food I suggest skip this over rated place and head to midnight dinner or macs speed shop. Unless of course you just want beer and crowds. On one other note the guys next to us asked for a couple shots the bartender lady said well this isn't really a bar bar, if you want that you need find just a bar.. Indicating she had no clue how to mix this shot they wanted which was just pickle juice and Irish whiskey.. Seriously not hard and all she had to do was google it which they did for her. I'm not going to bother going back here. The service was sub par, the food was worse. Try it if you want to wait 1 hr or more at any time of day and want just say you've been to the new hip trendy place in town. Cheers.
2	Took about 5 mins to place drink order at bar table, another 10 to get the drinks brought to our table. This was at 3 pm on Sunday afternoon.  Biscuits were good- sure wish the honey was on our table like the others but not that big of a deal, I asked the bartender for some.Husband ordered grilled cheese, I ordered veggie plate. 30 minutes later, we received our food. It should be noted that it was NOT busy at this time.Food comes: Brussels sprouts- watery and not that good. Mac and cheese- close to box version. Cauliflower was ok. Okra was delicious. Oh yeah, and those four coat $13. Wow Hubby's grilled cheese had onions on it - they were hidden and he was not pleased upon finding them. He specifically said no onions . His tomato soup was tasty.We did pick up a bag of the spiced pecans on the way out. Unfortunately, those didn't compare to spicy, crisp, pecans we received as a gift back in September.  This bag was bland and had way too much honey.Overall- doesn't even come close to living up to the "new to Charlotte" hype. Bummer...And guys , please refrain from banging on the wall with the cheerwine/ car painting. Really thought both would fall on our table bc someone kept nailing it from the other side.
2	Very disappointing. Came early Saturday evening, around 5:30, and it was packed.  Wait for a table for 2 was 45 mins. You can't make reservations despite what their (infuriating and confusing) automated answering machine said.Ok, no problem.  I'm willing to wait for good food and to try a new place.  Luckily, we snagged two seats at the bar within 10 mins.  It was all downhill from here...Cocktails were awful.  They don't carry Tito's, so I went with a Stoli (up with a twist).  Not good.  The perfect vodka martini should be ice cold with shards of ice crystals and citrus oils.  Mine was cold-ish... and had a thick awkward corkscrew of rind balanced on the rim.  Whatever.  We moved on to the specialty "cockytails."  DIABETES. seriously. we tried the blueberry skinny tea and cool as a cucumber and they both tasted like sugar water.  The one/only good thing was the jalapeno bacon moonshine.  We took shots of that and I would recommend.  Very jalapeno-y and bacon-y and... yah, first time I've had a savory shot and I liked it.Food was mediocre to awful.  We were about to order the fried okra when the people next to us said it was bad.  My friend tried some of the neighbor's  -- mushy and bland and gross.  Biscuit was undercooked and unimpressive. Appalachian egg rolls were dripping with oil, yet not crispy (I imagine the oil wasn't hot enough), and just meh.  Shrimp and grits were fine... but nothing special.  The fried egg and bacon sandwich with home fries were also fine... but it was no different from what I could have made in 5 mins. on any given weekend morning.Service was obviously lacking because the place was slammed and we were at the bar.  Let's go with "N/A" here.We opted to skip dessert.  I just don't get how there's so much hype surrounding this place.  TL;DR -- Wait for table is long; cocktails will give you diabetes; food is mediocre.
4	What a great place for a vegetarian! They have tons of veggie options and entrees, even things like subbing soysage for bacon in the breakfast entrees! Hallelujah! I was really happy with my experience here.1. I love getting a free biscuit with every meal. Yes. Love it.2. The fried okra is AMAZING! I'm not a big okra fan but I totally loved what they did here. Of course, I asked for ranch (how else would you eat fried veggies?)3. I got the Asheville Veggie Melt, fantastic. It was filling and the aioli sauce that they use on the sandwich was wonderful.I'll definitely be back.
4	Great new addition to the charlotte restaurant scene. Tupelo honey cafe out of Asheville has a new spot in Southend that's a great option for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They have a menu full of southern favorites and a great gluten free menu as well. My husband had the grit cake appetizer and raved about it for days. I really enjoyed the grits and my poached eggs. Love that it's a very family friendly atmosphere. We'll definitely be going back soon.
2	Wait for table: This is the second time I have attempted to go here for Sunday brunch. The first time there was an 1 1/2 hour wait and people were standing all over the place waiting on a table. I left!! The second time, I waited 45 mins. Normally they have free coffee for people who are waiting but today they decided to NOT refill the coffee. Service: First of all, the service is horrible!!! Once we sat down, the waiter tried to take our order before we could read the menu. We order coffee/water then asked to look at the menu. He came back with just the coffee, took our order, and never came back for 20 mins. We sat there with empty coffee cups until we called over the manager to get a refill and find out about our food. Food: We ordered the crab scrabble and the sweet potato pancakes which were both cold once we got them. The food tasted fine but I could have made a better brunch at home. I was surprised because I really loved Tupelo Honey in Asheville. In my opinion, I probably would not return here for Sunday brunch. I would just go around the corner to Crispy Crepe or 300East...they both have good service and brunch!!!
2	Anytime I go to Asheville people tell me to eat at Tupelo Honey, but I've never had time to go. So when they opened in Charlotte I was excited to be able to try it. Unfortunately this was my first and last visit.The service was awful. Before I proceed, I should mention there were many empty tables and booths. We waited for a long time to just get menus. Another lengthy wait before we could order. The food came fairly fast though. The waiter didn't ask if we needed anything, just sat the food down and walked away. My boyfriend ordered a burger with fries, so he wanted ketchup. It was impossible to get the attention of the 5 servers standing behind the bar talking, so I had to get up and get ketchup off an unbussed table. While we ordered another table was seated next to us. By the time we got our food they still had not received menus. After I got my own ketchup one of them walked up to the front of the restaurant and picked up her own menus.The food was pretty tasty. The biscuits with honey and jam were a great little appetizer.  I was told the burger was good, as was the veggie sandwich I ordered. We sat with empty plates for a lengthy time, unable to get a bartender or server to notice us. It took forever for someone to ask if we wanted anything else or just the check. We probably would have ordered another beer, but the restaurant missed out on that. Instead we asked for our check, which again took forever. We left full, but not willing to come back. There were so many servers hanging around talking,they were clearly overstaffed. Maybe they would be more attentive to paying customers if there was less time to chat. I honestly think we could have walked away without paying and no one would have noticed. Maybe the Asheville location has better service, but with the abundance of good food in Asheville, they will unfortunately never get my business.
1	The food here was good actually. BUT.....1. We waited 10 minutes to get a server to even look our way. Even though they were obviously over-staffed. There were like 5 people at the bar at one time. And only 4 people sitting at the bar.2. Watched a server tear up bacon apart with his hands (at the bar) and then dump it into some kind pickle jar with cloudy water or liquor. It was pretty nasty to see while we ate. Isn't that what the kitchen is for? Prepping?!!!3. Witnessed a customer come up to the bar and get ignored. Then she was acknowledged by the bartender, only to be told to wait. After 10 minutes that customer just left. I don't blame her.4. We had to go he out own condiments from another table across the room.5. Saw new customers come sit in the bar area. After waiting about 15 minutes, they decided I go get their own menus. It's pretty sad, cause the food there really was good. But the service is killing it.  That will be my first and last time at this place. I can't wait to complain about it at work on Monday.
2	If you go to THC for the food only, you'll might be pleased.  However, when a meal comes with asparagus, I expect more than three spears when that's the only green/veggie on the plate.  Cauliflower was okay.  They seem to be very big on mac and cheese, which is also okay, but I've had better. Very noisy atmosphere, had to yell to be heard across the table.  Wait staff needs training.  Waiter and runner reached across the table to set down plates and drinks, even though three sides of the table were accessible.  Water never refilled.  Got one dinner order wrong.  Had to ask for the complimentary biscuits. The four of us agreed, one time here was enough.
3	Tupelo Honey was almost amazing. Their menu is traditional southern with a lot of veggie options and lots and lots of cheese.Cocktails were a stiff pour- bonus pimento cheese stuffed olives in the dirty martini.The little good details: Each person gets a fresh biscuit and pickled okra.The missed details: -No butter was brought with our biscuits then our waitress disappeared.-Dinner was served. Someone at my table ordered fries, no ketchup was presented.-Had to ask for straws, three waters were delivered for four people, had to ask for refills......I sound like an old grumpy woman. Really its the little things and the food wasn't too die for enough to forgive the little ills.
5	What a Wonderful Addition to Southend Charlotte! We frequent this place quite often. All of the dishes are freshly prepared and has a Great environment. Defiantly great for any occasion. Hint, get there early it's always packed!! Absolutely love the Okra and the Chicken BLT sandwich!
2	No where near worth the price. They seem afraid to season the food. it all tasted flat. The biscuits I could get at a local breakfast diner. No plans to ever go back and wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
5	I've been to the Asheville location, and this wasn't a let down.  Our food and service was great for a Friday night!  The biscuits weren't available immediately, until the manager corrected our server 2 seconds after telling us they weren't.  The meatloaf was tasty, mac 'n cheese was done well, and the porter I had was delicious.  Also, the remodel on this location was well done.  Not as dark and shady as the previous restaurant.  I had no clue they had so much space.We will be back!
2	Food is good, but not worth the prices. Especially when you consider the sub-standard service you receive there. I've been there twice now and have had issues with really complicated things like, getting a glass of water and clearing dirty dishes off the table. Servers also act like we're a nuisance for disturbing their evening. If you expect me to pay $20 for pork, you should at least have your servers smile when they take my order. Not going back.
4	So first off, this place is very unique, but in a good way! Me and friend went here for her birthday as we heard great things about this place. We went on a Thursday night and it was crazy packed! So we were like wow ok this place must be great. I wanted to try the "southern popcorn" of which is the fried okra appetizer. It was a super huge serving and I was excited. If you love fried okra, well you have hit the jackpot because it was good. The biscuits that come out are so good and fluffy! The warm honey and yummy preserves were awesome as well. I killed that biscuit! We both got the southern chicken piccata with jumbo shrimp and lemon cherry pepper cilantro beurre blanc. And OMG the sauce was excellent. I could have eaten another serving of that! The entree was very tasty and had lots of flavor. The drinks were very unique and different as well. I had a drink called "cool as a cucumber" and it packed a nice lil punch. And my friend had "blueberry fields forever" and it was good too. I would definitely try this place out again and taste something different.
3	Am I happy.  After visiting Tupelo Honey in Ashville, NC we were surprised and delighted to find that they opened a location in Charlotte, so when I came in from a flight we hit for dinner.Oddish location as it is upstairs in a cul-de-sac of shops off of South Blvd.  If you are not going slow you will blast right by it, so pay attention.Beautiful interior, especially as contrasted to the dark enclosed Ashville location.  There is a lot of space inside with bar and dining areas and a huge patio which will be wonderful in warmer weather.Menu is excellent.  My standard is if I see three or more items that I want to eat then the menu is way above average.  And the concoctions which comprise the meals or offerings are unique and clever.  Difficulty in deciding makes the visit an adventure.Fresh, soft and not falling apart biscuits are served with honey and yummy home-made, I think, jam.  Service is on the spot.  Beverages are refilled without asking.  Servers keep checking on you and I think that it reinforces their personal opinion that Tupelo is a great place, continually confirmed by customers.A little on the expensive side, but I grant them that as the portions are generous and as mentioned, the concoctions are creative and come together nicely.Am giving this a three stars, yet keep wavering back and forth as I type between three and four.  It is a solid, even high three, but on one visit am I a fan?  Reading the other reviews the opinions are well below four with service and seating problems, which we did not have.  So lacking a high three or three plus, just give Tupelo a three star rating and let's see how they shake out.Certainly do recommend you try it and try to come at other than prime time.
4	I haven't had a single meal here that I haven't loved...and that's what restaurants are for after all, right? But I will say there are plenty of kinks to work out in the service and hosting. But if you're not in a hurry to get seated or your food and instead looking for a delicious, new south meal, in a great area with cool ambiance, this is your spot.
3	I've had great service here and I've had poor service here.  The food is pretty good, the shrimp and grits are very spicy, the veggie melt is heavenly, and the biscuits with berry jam is so special I could eat them daily.  That being said, the hit or miss service will probably keep me away for awhile.......hopefully when I decide to return they will have the service issues corrected.
3	Well I have to say I am a big fan in Asheville, maybe just some growing pains here in Charlotte.Uniforms- I understand the hipster don't all have to have the same pants ect. but one of the hostesses looked like a bum off the street and the soles of her sneakers were half peeled off and really dirty.  After that I noticed several other servers with really dirty footwear.Food took longer than it should and our biscuits were served with our meals because our server forgot them and we had to ask.  I was surprised they nickel and dime'd me on sides of honey mustard and ranch after not bringing the biscuits.The food was good and hot, cooked well.   There server never picked up on our vibe of being annoyed about the time it took to get our food, infrequent refills, and forgetting the biscuits all she had to do was recognize and apologize something like "I know your food is taking a little long but our kitchen is a little backed up." Something.  She really acted like it was our privilege to be there and to have her serve us.I will go back because we have had such great experiences in Asheville.
5	I'm not sure what we were expecting. Grits are not Southern yet the biscuits and honey are amazing. The tupelo honey beer is incredible and the service was awesome. The gravy was great and we had a very nice time. Well Worth the trip uptown!!
4	Well, I must say this place was perfect for someone looking for some local Southern type of food with an organic and green feel. The shrimp and grits did not disappoint.  I love the goat cheese notes with the red peppers and shrimp.  It was perfect and I wish I had something left to take home.  I have to find out how to get more restaurants in LA to serve grits and polenta. IJS. The biscuits and warm honey was a great start. Fried green tomatoes come on a bed of grits.  They were a tad salty for my taste but I am wondering if I am really a fan of the appetizer since I haven't found the FGT of my dreams or if I am holding on to my fondness of the movie (Towanda!).  I am a fan of both the pickled and fried okra. Again, may be looking in LA for a jar of pickled okra sometime soon.  Smh. The service was great and the ambiance was very upbeat and friendly. Matthew was kind, knowledgeable, patient and attentive.
5	Food was great nice Southern comfort food with a good modern twist. Fried okra was great. Breaded in cornmeal not flour
3	Went for breakfast this past Saturday morning and ate at the chefs table.... That was cool because I would have had to wait forever to get a table and I got a chance to watch the cooks prepare the food. My issue was the that the initial service was a little slow. They made up for it with those yummy biscuits and heavenly blueberry jam! My crab scramble wasn't bad, it was just okay... I'm going back for lunch next time because I saw some awesome looking burgers leaving the kitchen. Oh yeah, their juices and teas are good...really fresh tasting.
5	This place was so good! We went here for lunch and much to my delight, they served breakfast all day!! I had the crab and spinach omelette which was pretty good... Next time I go I definitely will try their fried okra and cheesy smashed cauliflower. This is a great place for some southern grub! Will be back again!
4	I have been to this location 3 times, started with a special event for Yelp, and then a girls' dinner night, and recently a Sunday brunch. This place has managed to be packed during each of my visits. To be safe, plan for an average 30-minute wait (meaning don't show up starving or you'll be one unhappy hungry person). In general the staffs here are all very pleasant. During the wait, one can hang out at the big bar area which is separated from the main dining room. They offer one house brew (which is a good craft beer on the lighter side) among other craft beer options. They also have a nice selection of cocktails, which are nice to see a restaurant to offer. When it comes to food, this place offers what I considered as new southern cuisine. You will see meatloaf, pimento cheese, grits, fried green tomatoes and the likes on the menu, normally with a little twist. My favorite to order is the grilled cheese & mug of tomato bisque, and I normally opt for the big ole grown up grilled cheese (Shoo Grill Cheese, with smoked ham and caramelized onions and fried green tomato). For $11, you get a ton of food and you can easily save half of the sandwich for another meal. I have also tried their shrimp tacos. They gave you a nice amount of sizable shrimps in each of the 2 tacos, $10 is very reasonable for a delicious & filling meal.During the special event, I was lucky to be provided with a full array of their menu items. The 4 things that stood out were: scallops, filet (I believe it was the heart of ribeye), fried chicken saltimbocca, and pecan pie. The scallops were HUGE and delicious. The filet/ribeye had a great wine reduction sauce and the meat was very flavorful and tender. The fried chicken saltimbocca was covered in mushroom sauce, and the pecan pie was heavenely... and I don't even like sweets.During my recent brunch, I had the country breakfast. It's pretty simple (2 eggs, bacon in my case, and grits). I wish they provide gravy as part of the platter (it was called "country breakfast" so biscuit and gravy would be a logical part of the dish in my opinion). My friends had the Fried Chicken with biscuit and gravy and the 3-egg omelet. My friend said that was an excellent omelet (and it looked huge) and was better than the one he had the day before at 5Church. I'm not a big omelet person so I cannot be a good judge. It looked very fluffy. The fried chicken with biscuit & gravy was a very sizable dish as well. Fried chicken was a piece of breast. I didn't get to taste (since my friend totally destroyed the entire plate like a hungry animal), but I was very jealous. My country breakfast was fine, I like that the kitchen did exactly what I asked for, which was CRISPY bacon strips. And boy, they were deliciously crispy. I do like to point out that their mega-mosa was delightful. For $8 I got a pint glass worth of mimosa, no ice, just pure bubbles & OJ. I think this makes for at least 2 if not 3 small flutes/glasses you get everywhere else, which makes that $8 price tag a lot more reasonable.If you haven't tried out this place for yourself, do take a moment to visit. It may not be for everyone, but personally I think it's a nice addition to Charlotte.P.S. They now offer 1/2 price appetizers Monday to Friday until 7pm. And on those 3 days they have drink specials (I forgot what it was... should have taken a picture of the promo card)
2	Good service at a decent price point. However, it was super unhealthy. I got the crab scramble, which sounded healthy. However, it was swimming in grease. Prob won't come back on my own.
4	This place is great! Charlotte is in need of good brunch spots and this fits the bill. No bad eggs here. The mimosas are gigantic and the bloodies are AMAZING. Arrive hungry! Expect a wait or shoulder in for a table at the bar area. Usually more than an hour on Sundays. The parking lot is packed so be prepared to wait for a spot if you go during brunch. There is a train stop right there so if possible that would be way easier.Special request? Weekday breakfast! Seems a little odd that you can't catch a before work biscuit if you want. I would make a food recommendation but it's all good. Order what you want.
3	Great little place hardly seen from the road but well worth trip to inspire the mind.
4	As a vegan, it's sometimes difficult to find a good restaurant that caters to vegans as well.  The tofu hot wings are absolutely delicious! The black bean burger, however, is bland.  It's served without any type of sauce, just pickles lettuce tomato on a crap bun.  I added some wing sauce and yellow mustard to try to liven it up. The sweet potato fries are excellent. Wine selection is nice.  Atmosphere is great on the patio and loud and freezing in the building. Our waitress, Jessie, was a sweetheart.  Would ask for her again if she was on the patio
4	Love this place! Not the healthiest but it has great southern comfort food with a twist. The biscuits that you get with every meal are fabulous! The southern chicken piccata with jumbo shrimp is also good. The staff are really friendly!
4	This Yankee really loved this place. Led here by Yelp reviews and a desire for southern cuisine, we were very happy with the choice. Fried green tomatoes, shrimp and grits, pimento cheese, great beer selection - can't wait to move down here so we can come back. Yum!
5	I cannot wait to find a reason to make the hour and a half drive back to Charlotte to eat at this restaurant!  That is how good the food is.  The waitstaff was very attentive to our party of 10 (8 adults and 2 two-year-olds).  You would think that on Easter Sunday afternoon, there would be a long wait for our food or the plating would show signs of being hurriedly prepared.  Quite the opposite!  Everything was on point and everyone was very friendly and eager to assist.  I know they all must have been tired from a busy busy day already, but you wouldn't know it. I have eaten in the Tupelo Honey Cafe in Asheville as well.  Each restaurant has it's own look and feel.  Plus, you won't find any better take on Mama's home cooking anywhere.Until next time!
4	I came here for dinner with my husband and mother in law on a Sunday evening and we were able to sit outside on their outdoor patio and it was wonderful. The weather was perfect and I love that the outdoor area is on the second level. They have lights strung out through the trees and around the porch which were nice when it got dark. We all sampled their Tupelo Ale which was good, mild so it would be nice for a lot of people. We also tried their pimento cheese dip with tortillas and the cheese was more like a cheese dip with pimento flavor. It was good, but I would recommend getting the fried green tomatoes for sure. I had the veggie melt with no mushrooms and it was delicious, it didn't have a top piece of bread to it which I actually kind of enjoyed because it wasn't too much bread but rather about the vegetables. It was def. the kind of sandwich you eat with a knife and fork! As my side item I had the fried green tomatoes and they were delicious! Seriously so good. My husband ordered their black bean burger which he enjoyed, I also tried and there was a sweetness to it that I couldn't place exactly where it was coming from. My mother in law ordered the chicken piccata which she loved, it was topped with shrimp. I didn't sample this as I don't eat meat but she was very pleased with it. It was covered in a cream sauce. Overall the experience was wonderful and I can't wait to go back soon!
2	Was really excited to eat here after reading the menu but the comfort food didn't materialize. Had the meatloaf and it was unfortunately dry. Mac n Cheese was very run of the mill and didn't appear to be baked. The pulled pork egg roll app was good though. $50 for two drinks, app, entree and tip. Wish it was better than it was. Place could be great!
3	Tupelo is one of my favorite spots. The one in Knoxville and Asheville are awesome. For some reason this South Charlotte location didn't send me home with the same feeling. The service was average at best (we sat in the bar, which was nearly empty) and the hostess was not friendly. She brought us into the bar and sat us at a table that needed to be wiped down. When we asked if someone could do so she seemed appalled we ask for such a thing to be done. Not the normal service their other locations pride themselves on. Meanwhile, my food was pretty good. I had the BBQ pork, which was downed in sauce, The black eyed peas were awesome, but the mashed sweet potatoes were average. They looked like they came out of a ice cream scooper, much different than what I had at the other locations. My cousin had the shrimp and grits. They were presented well, but tasted average, she said. Still I believe Tupelo is a great place for lunch or dinner. And, I'm guessing had we sat in the dining area we would have gained a different experience. Hopefully, you will.
4	For years, I have heard folks rave about Tupelo Honey in Asheville, NC.  Well what do you know, they decided to open up in Charlotte as well.  The praises were well deserved as Tupelo lived up to the hype.  I had the Steak Au Poivre (medium) with asparagus and smashed sweet potatoes, which was to die for.  The steak melted in your mouth.  The signature biscuit and blackberry jam was a delightful start.  Great job Tupelo, you now have a new fan!!!Ambience - 4/5, nice and spacious with plenty of outside seatingService - 5/5, very friendly staffFood - 5/5, excellent, excellent, excellentPrice - $$, very reasonable
5	After writing a scathing review of another restaurant, we figured we had to give props where props were due. We went into the bar yesterday afternoon just to have a drink and ended up having a great time. The manager came over almost right away and after talking to us for a bit, told us to order an appetizer on him to celebrate our little "staycation".  The staff in the bar was very friendly and fun to chat with and very accommodating with any of our requests. The appetizer we ordered - chips with pimento cheese dip - was excellent. We'll definitely be back.
2	I don't know what is up with Charlotte lately, but this will be my second bad review in a week. My husband and I came here on Sunday for brunch. Having been to the Asheville location he was excited to try this one. I have been to this location once with my girlfriends and knew that there would obviously be a wait. When we arrived sure enough there was a 35-40 minute wait. Okay sounds fine and we were informed that we could sit in the bar if a table opened up. As luck would have it (or so we thought) a table opened up! Sure! Take our beeper for our table! We already have one in the bar area! BIG MISTAKE! After waiting about 15 minutes to get someone's attention we were finally able to get some water and coffee. At the same time we ordered our food as we didn't know when we would e able to get her again. However, there was no sugar and after going to the bar several times and telling our waitress it finally arrived about ten minutes later. Just in time to have my coffee be cold before even tasting it. So, 25 minutes to enjoy a coffee. And we waited for our food.... And waited.... And waited.... All during this time to see other people who were seated after us in the bar area enjoy their food. After trying to get our waitress' attention (looking directly at us and us about to speak she literally would ignore us and go onto the next table! Not even acknowledge that we needed anything!) when we finally got her attention (after sitting down for an hour and about 50 minutes or so since we ordered our food) we asked her where our food was. She said the kitchen was backed up yada yada yada. But, if that was the case how come at least two other tables before us were served promptly and AFTER we had sat down. About an hour and 20 minutes after sitting down we got our food and basically not even an apology or wanting to comp so much as our coffee. It got so bad that my husband and I were about to walk out right before they sat our food down. It takes a lot for my husband to be upset with service to not come back somewhere and to be honest I don't know if we will ever come back to this location... At least not for Sunday brunch.
2	Eh.
4	My boyfriend and I came to this restaurant for a late lunch and there was barely anybody there, we were seated immediately which was great but our waitress was not as attentive as I would have liked, she came to check on us a few times but nothing special. Besides that the food was pretty good, biscuits and jam were delicious of course with the Tupelo honey! And besides my eggs being a little too runny for my taste everything was great! I would definitely come back if I'm in the area again!
4	Awesome all around. Food service runners... Ahhh great food and service. What a concept. Breakfast bowl was a great surprisingly tasty treat.
4	Love it! It gets busy in here, so try to go at an off time or you will be waiting. The food is fun and very good. Great complimentary biscuits served with homemade blueberry preserves and honey start you off. My faces are the fried green tomatoes with goat cheese for lunch and the buck wheat pancakes at breakfast but really you can't go wrong for a made from scratch reasonable meal.
2	Eh... I expected a lot better from what I've heard and after an hour wait...( I've been to the one in Asheville- and it's just not the same). I will say service was friendly (but slow), but the food just wasn't good.Brunch:I ordered a crab and egg dish- and after it took about 50 minutes to come out, it just wasn't good. It lacked flavor and spices, and was definitely not worth the $14. My husband got a meat pie after the server recommended it- also, not very impressive and not a lot of meat in it. After we were asked how the food was, we told our server that we weren't very happy with it, the manager came over and apologized and gave us a gift card to try again. At least they care... Too bad the food wasn't good...
5	I am from Asheville and am very familiar with the original location. I am pleasantly surprised and eager to say the Charlotte location is up to par! Of course, this is a different experience but great nonetheless! service - excellent! we were attended to right away with frequent service, friendliness and attention to detail.drinks - delicious! cocktails were tasty all around. food - biscuits are smaller than in Asheville but had their own buttery flavored goodness. Appetizer of fried okra was awesome and I recommended the Brussels sprouts as a side to any sandwich. It was crowded and busy which is a good sign in my book! I am craving some breakfast right now.
4	Great brunch place! Yummy biscuits and for a southern restaurant there was a lot of vegetarian options!
2	Having been to the original location in Asheville, this location fails to reach their success in the kitchen.  Service was simply meh and unresponsive (slower than it should be and not organized).Onto the food.  I had the carnivore breakfast pie with a side of breakfast potatoes, that was so bad I couldn't eat it.   The meat appeared to be one slice of thin low grade ham lunch meet diced up and spread through a scrambled egg baked in a pie crust.  The eggs were over cooked to a rubber texture, and the pie crust was too thick and dry to be served in a 4" tart shape.  I tried adding ketchup, then mayonnaise, then syrup.  Nothing seemed to work, so I only ate the potatoes, which were simply ok. The only reason I give them 2 stars, is because the biscuits they bring to the table may be in the top 5 in the city.  However, if you are going for breakfast, just get the sweet potato pancake as it was the only good thing served at our table.
5	While I have never been to the one in Asheville, Tupelo Honey in Charlotte has become a staple in my repertoire of restaurants that I must frequent on the regular. I have managed to never wait in line as I always get there early enough or there happens to be room in the bar area, which is very nice. Im sure if I had to wait in the line I see stack up at this place, I wouldn't be as happy. To me, waking up early and rushing out the door for TH is worth it! I have tried several different breakfast, lunch, and dinner options and I have always been impressed! I love (LOVE) their breakfast fried chicken and biscuits. In fact, it might be some of my most favorite fried chicken in Charlotte - and I've tried a lot of friend chicken in Charlotte. Some other things I love are their home fries, the huuuge plate sized sweet potato pancakes, the breakfast pies, eggs betty, their burger, and basically everything else on the menu. I have yet to be disappointed by the food or the staff. Tupelo can continue to expect to see me there very often, appetite in tow.
1	So disappointed. I have been looking forward to trying this well rated resturant. I was turned away when I asked for seating for 1 on the patio. I was told they didn't have seating for just one. No, "it will be a xx minute wait." Just no. So I went across the street to Liberty and guess what, I got a table, for 1, on the patio.
2	Service well short of food quality.  Nothing more irritating than being rushed and bullied out in order for restaurant to turn tables.  Server (and trainee) threw check in front of me less than halfway through meal, then proceeded to pace back and forth awaiting payment.  Mind you Tupelo was half empty at time.  Never even offered dessert, so desperate were they to seat the next party of 4.  Except there was no one waiting to be seated.  If I wanted the rushed and surly treatment, any fast food franchise would have sufficed.
4	It gets busy in here, so try to go at an off time or you will be waiting. The food is fun and very good. Great complimentary biscuits served with homemade blueberry preserves and honey start you off. My faces are the fried green tomatoes with goat cheese for lunch and the buck wheat pancakes at breakfast but really you can't go wrong for a made from scratch reasonable meal.
4	We just decided to drop in on the spur of the moment on a Friday evening and were delighted to not have to wait. We were seated on the porch upon arrival after being offered inside or outside (it was a tad noisy inside). It's really nice out there on the porch even with the road noise from South Blvd. It felt a little "vacation-y" with the string lights and breeze, and I enjoyed a glass of wine while I was waiting for my husband to park the car and get to the table. We had the fried green tomato appetizer, which comes over goat cheese grits. The green tomatoes were very good...not the least bit greasy, and the grits were quite tasty, although they needed a little bit of salt. I ordered an Uptown grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup for my entree. The grilled cheese was VERY cheesy. If you like a lot of cheese you'll love it. The bread was perfectly toasted and the tomato soup was truly yummy. Dip your grilled cheese in the soup, mmmm...  My husband had the catfish and it came over more grits. He said his catfish was nice and light with a little Cajun spice to it, but he was tired of the grits from our appetizer and didn't eat them, and that was the only side other than some salsa, which he also passed on. I would have put the salsa over the grits if it had been my dinner, but he's a pretty picky eater. They bring homemade biscuits to the table along with warm honey and blueberry jam. Even if you're cutting back on bread, that's worth making an exception. The biscuits had a perfect crust. Our waitress was in training and she did a superb job of taking care of us. Very friendly. I'm looking forward to trying Tupelo Honey again. Maybe for breakfast next time.
5	1st time there...had the breakfast pie! Very tasty, the grits were amazing. The server was very friend and luckily we didn't have to wait!  I would definitely go back and recommend this place!
4	Can't remember what I was going to say. The Pimento cheese and chips was that good!!!
2	I had been to the location in Ashville and loved it, so I had high hopes, but dinner here was completely disappointing. First, our server was indifferent and inattentive. She walked off while my brother in law was mid sentence twice. My father in law asked for iced tea, she came back with a glass of ice and we didn't see her again for 10 minutes. Someone else brought our food by, and it was at least 10-15 minutes before she came to check on is. We started with an order of the "Southern Popcorn" (fried okra) & it was good. Too many little crumbly pieces of just fried dough, and not very many good pieces of okra, but the pieces we had were good. The biscuits and blueberry jam were delicious. The biscuits were super moist, and I could have eaten about 10 of these.I had the shrimp & grits (shoo mercy style) and while the shrimp mixture was delicious, the grits were pretty bad. They were advertised as goat cheese grits and had zero flavor. They also weren't creamy at all and were just a congealed mass of flavorlessness.Graham had the catfish and had the same issue with his grits: congealed with zero flavor. The salsa on top was also kind of odd. The catfish was spicy, so maybe it was supposed to calm it down, but it just didn't work well with it. A salsa with more flavor would have been much better.We had a party of 8, and no one LOVED their dinner. However, the restaurant redeemed itself after the fact. I made a comment on twitter that dinner was disappointing and the GM reached out to me to make things right. While it doesn't change the fact that our dinner sucked, I appreciate the gesture and will give them another chance.
5	First: they're coming to Raleigh.   October can't get here fast enough!The south end of Charlotte has lots of Good Eats (sorry, Alton) and Tupelo Honey which is Great Eats!  Good, well prepared fresh ingredients make food that just makes you want more. My waiter even said, "hey, it's a judgement-free zone". The service was great, love the space and feel of the Cafe. The Banana pudding was so good I bought the cookbook (first cookbook, the yellow one) to get the recipe. Had a pork sandwich, sort of like the version served in the Midwest, but with apple slices, havarti and cheddar and a siracha aioli. Complemented with excellent brown-butter Brussel sprouts. It was beyond delicious!They also serve everything on the menu (breakfast) all day (breakfast4dinner). How can you go wrong?Did I mention they're coming to Raleigh?  I'll be at the front door on opening day. Can't wait.
5	Came for lunch and left happy. Service was attentive and friendly. We split the egg rolls for an app, very tasty combination of southern staples. I didn't want a heavy lunch so I had the shrimp tacos. It was the perfect meal for a weekday lunch. Next stop breakfast.
3	Great food, horrible service:I grew up in Asheville and frequented the Tupelo Honey Cafe there, so when one opened in Charlotte, I had to check it out. First, I will say that the food was on-point, the atmosphere was exceptional, and the fact that we didn't have to wait for a table was awesome. But the server we had (and I hope this is not reflective of the entire serve staff) made me not want to go back. Our six water glasses remained empty for the majority of the evening (only being refilled once, when we put all six empty water glasses on the edge of the table), it took 25 minutes for her to return with our second round of beers (after we had to remind her, for which she did not apologize), she took our appetizers away before we were finished with them (and we couldn't ask for them back because she smashed one of the plates on top of the unfinished plate), and she made no apology or excuse for her behavior. The worst part was when we had gone out of our way to order a surprise piece of pie to be the birthday dessert of a member of our group -- we were there for a birthday dinner -- she said she would try to find a candle, and not only did she not find a candle (which is fine), but when she brought the pie over, she didn't give us a chance to sing or do anything because she just plopped it down in front of the birthday girl and walked away.
4	Good food, darned expensive. I waited several months before trying Tupelo Honey. I heard the lines were long so I figured I'd give the newness some time to wear off. Looks like it has because we walked right in at 7:30 on a Friday night.  Granted...we didn't ask for the patio...which looked very inviting on a nice, cool, summer evening.Service was attentive although a bit uninformed.  My other half asked for mac and cheese instead of asparagus and she said the substitution wasn't possible, yet returned a few minutes later to say it was.  That's a training issue though.Food was really good.  I got the veggie melt which included layers of fried green tomatoes (which managed to retain their crunch), lemon aioli, roasted red peppers, mushrooms, spinach and cheese.  It was served open faced, making it much easier to manage. I chose the browned butter brussels sprouts as my side. More butter than I would have liked and they were a bit under seasoned but tasty, nonetheless.Other half ordered the chicken piccata. I've never seen chicken piccata with shrimp, much less without capers, but it must have been good because he completely cleaned his plate.Oh...and the biscuits! Yummy! And served with honey (naturally) and blueberry jelly. I'd come back just for those!My only problem was the pricing. The chicken piccata was 18 bucks! But...like I said, he cleaned that plate so I suppose it was worth it.  Maybe next time I'll hit the patio and do some people watching!I'll definitely come back. Maybe nex
2	I had heard such good things about this native Asheville restaurant.  And moving into the great space formerly occupied by Pewter Rose gave me even more hope.  Sorry Van Morrison Tupelo Honey is not "an angel of the first degree"! .  The food was bland and the service was slower than grass growing on a Southern summer day!  There are too many other really good Southern restaurants in and around Charlotte to find your way here.
4	I'm not sure which restaurant previous reviewers dined at, but I thought Tupelo Honey was pretty great and I'm glad they're here. Yes they do use a lot of grits on their menu but they were very good. Eating out on the porch was fantastic. Casual, relaxing, very vacation-y with the string lights and the breeze. Thank you again Tupelo Honey and we'll see you soon.
5	For all those saying this version is not the same as the original one in Asheville,  well it's not! Get over it. This place is just as good minus the 2 hour waits. I've been to the Asheville on several times and yes it's awesome. But so is this location! And it's earning my 5 star rating based on it's own merits!Let's start with the grit cakes. OMG! Cheesy fried goodness drizzeled with sriracha, fresh salsa and sour cream to tame the heat. You can taste the cheesy goodness in these grits....must be gruyere or goat cheese.....A must get!Not being in a burger mood, I chose the fried pork tenderloin sandwhich covered with cheese and topped with a sriracha aioli, all over a green apple slice. Personally I don't think this sandwich needed the apple. Nonetheless this sandwich was OUTSTANDING! Just pick your diet relief day to come here....definitely not on the weight watchers approved list! Oh the dish normally comes with asparagus but I opted to substitute their awesome cheesy onion soup with bacon croutons....seriously?Note: I heard that Management is going to take off this pork sandwich. Ask them for it and ask why they would take off a 5 star sandwich! I already provided my feedback. So it may not be on the menu when you come.....uggggg.Finally I asked for them to bring out my biscuits at the end instead of as your traditional appetizer. These are always delicious! Love their homemade jam, but I really love the real Tupelo honey, ostensibly what the restaurant is named after.A big shout out to Tiara! She was the awesome bartender who took care of me, and made me feel like part of the THC family. Go see her at the bar (shes the head bar tender) Tell her Paul sent you....She's another big reason THC gets 5 stars!This place is THE REAL DEAL!
4	Just had breakfast on the patio and it was delightful! They allow you to order breakfast, lunch and dinner anytime. I choose to have the fried green tomatoes served over goat cheese grits and a side of soysage. My husband had the breakfast platter with eggs, maple back and potatoes. everything was great! The potatoes tasted like a really good soft chip and we were also served a complimentary biscuit with blackberry jam. The service was fast and friendly. I also want to add the coffee and mega mimosa were tasty as well. A great addition to south end.
4	My cousin and I were driving down the street looking for a place to eat before we both perished from hunger.  We pulled into the lot and went into the place across the street.  We kept looking to see where all the fun we were hearing was coming from and behold it was across the street.  We changed venues and ordered at THC. The food was great and the service amazing.  I loved it, she loved it and we both ate entirely too much.  The lemonade was fantastic!
5	I came to THC on recommendation from a co-worker.  I had a friend from out of town so I decided to take her here.  I was not disappointed.  From the very cute decor, and the friendliness of the staff.  The food was great, my friend has gluten issues, so having the GF menu was perfect.  I had the chicken sandwich with the pickled beets, delicious!  I had never had Pimento cheese before (I'm not originally from the South) so I gave it a try.  I was not disappointed. I will definately be visitng again.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte. If you can, sit at the bar when Mel is there. Makes fantastic drinks, very attentive, and very personable. My favorite dish has to be the Shoo Grilled Cheese with the tomato soup. The Appalachian Egg Rolls are by far one of my favorite apps in the city. Been to the Asheville downtown location, but the service and location here in the Queen City takes the cake...or the pecan pie...whatever you're into!
5	My husband and I just moved to the Charlotte/South End area and used Yelp to find a good place to sit down and eat. Tupelo was one of the top rated places and near our new home. Coming from Connecticut, we were looking for some southern style cooking and a fun atmosphere....needless to say we were not disappointed. The restaurant is decorated in a shabby chic style with distressed windows and doors hanging from the ceiling and had a very fun feel to it. The wait staff was so friendly and engaged in conversations about our move and were genuinely excited to have us there -- a big change from the New England style hospitality. The food was absolutely delicious. The meal came with complimentary southern biscuits and blueberry jam which melted in our mouths, YUM! we also ordered the fried okra - not knowing what it was but at the suggestion of our waiter for a true southern experience. Also delicious. We both got the onion soup paired with a sandwich. I had the Uptown grill and my husband had the Shoo grilled cheese. We both loved our meal so much that we immediately decided this was going to be a regular place and a place to bring our families when they come visit.WE ARE STILL THINKING ABOUT OUR MEAL....Two days later.EAT HERE.
5	Loved the new shrimp dish and our server Jonathan was awesome! We both had the Mega Mosa...a mimosa with 10 ounces of champagne and fresh squeezed OJ. Delicious! We sat on the covered porch, and while it was a very hot day it was still enjoyable with a nice breeze. This is a wonderful place to get awesome, inventive food and great service and I will definitely be back!
3	Too much butter in the food. Not a wide variety of vegetarian options. Service was good. Asparagus was bland. Just not very impressed with the flavor or presentation of the food here. Portions are a good size and the biscuits are good.
3	We wanted to see what all the fuss was about so we gave it a try on a rainy Saturday and sat at a table in the mostly empty bar.  Pros- Hands down the best biscuits I have EVER had, good local beer selection, the fried green tomatoes were amazing and mac and cheese for a side was good. Cons- the specialty drinks are tiny and very pricey (but tasted ok), the black bean burger did not have much flavor, had to request the biscuits before our meal and the service was very slow. Honestly, it is over priced for what it is. We will not go back.
5	I've been to THC in Charlotte twice now and I've been blown away both times.  Once for brunch and once for dinner.  Service is impeccable, food is amazing and the menu is so diverse it's hard to make a decision!Last night we went out with some friends for a birthday celebration and we were all so impressed with our server (Tiara, aka "Brussels" because she loves the brussel sprouts so much) - she was attentive without hovering, proactive and made great suggestions regarding menu choices.  She was also personable, hilarious and extremely accommodating.  I really can't say enough great things about her, but the awesomeness doesn't stop there...I had the Venerated Veggie Bowl which was a hard decision for me.  THC has WAY more vegetarian options than most restaurants and they all looked fantastic.  The Venerated Veggie Bowl is super creamy grits topped with black eyed peas, fried okra (loads of it) and the most amazing greens I've ever eaten as well as fresh salsa.  Seriously, those greens were out of bounds good.  Our waitress highly recommended the brussel sprouts but I had no room for another side after the awesome pimento cheese appetizer and those to-die-for biscuits with blueberry jam.  OMG, so good.  My husband had the crab cakes and he said that they were amazing (he considers himself a crab cake aficionado, so take that as huge praise), and my friend had the shrimp and grits, shoo mercy style.  They both couldn't say enough good things about their meals.  I wish we had saved room for dessert or one of the martini specials, but we were STUFFED.  Amazing food, amazing service and a great evening spent with friends.  We will definitely be back to THC, as often as possible.
5	I had often heard good things about Tupelo Honey but hadn't yet gotten the chance to experience it. My girlfriend, who loves it, coaxed me into giving it a shot on a Thursday night around 7 pm, even though I was convinced it would be packed. Lo and behold, it wasn't - we were seated immediately, with a swiftness which would become a theme for the night. We each ordered standard Bloody Marys, which were spicy and had an intense bite. Complimentary biscuits aided our decision for a main course, and they were phenomenal. For dinner, she got a vegetable plate, allowing for a variety of items which included delicious sweet potato fries and mac and cheese, and I got the fried chicken BLT with my own side of mac and cheese. All of it was fantastic, and I cannot wait to go back to try everything else.
5	Great food and great service! We sat in the bar area and Tiara at the bar is a fantastic mixologist and we wanted her to sit down and join us at girls night! Well worth it. Be back soon!
1	Very disappointing experience.  My husband, child and I came in for a late lunch this past Saturday.  Looking back we should have left we waited five minutes to be seated and were not really greeted. We requested a high chair  & when we were given a high chair it had visible food on the seat that we had to remove. Apparently the high chairs are not cleaned after usage. We were given biscuits doughy and nothing special. Blackberry jam had a nice taste. I order the black bean burger (paid extra for cheese), with a side of asparagus. The plate came with the burger and asparagus swimming in sesame oil. The asparagus was not edible due to the sesame oil. All you tasted was oil when you bit into the asparagus.  The black bean burger was ok the bun was toasted prior to being placed on my plate but the bottom became soggy quickly with he oil. The pimento cheese that I paid extra for didn't even cover the burger it was maybe a half a tablespoon of cheese.  My husband had a burger he said based on his meal he wouldn't come back.  You would think you could get a burger right... Charging extra for cheese come on! Charlotte needs new & different restaurants but this is not it. This restaurant is very similar to the restaurant Toast but more expensive.  Recommendation drive a little further down the street and eat at Luna's Living Kitchen organic, vegan, fresh for the same price!
5	Lets start with the biscuit basket with blueberry jam and honey. great start to an extremely satisfying meal. husband ordered Fried chicken and biscuits. I got the Shrimp and grits but replaced goat cheese with cheddar. The waiter easily accommodated my request. Great atmosphere, great service, fantastic food. I hope this place is still open the next time we come to Charlotte.
5	First time here.  Excellent food. Excellent service.  I had breakfast but the whole menu was available at 9 am on a Saturday.  I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu.  Everything looked so good. And I can't say enough about the service.  That's important.
2	Love the Tupelo in Ashville, go every chance we get! Hadnt tried the Charlotte location util recently. We took my mother to celebrate her 62 birthday on a Sunday night. Service was friendly and prompt if a little underwhelming. Portions were nice, selection and food were good. Overall the experience would have been positive if A) the bass from the nightclub downstairs hadnt been thumping through the floor the whole dinner and B) if someone (likely from the club downstairs) hadn't keyed the word "FUC&ER" into the side of my mothers car. Its not Tupelos fault but as an honest review, you have to park to enjoy a meal. May be safest to stick to brunches here before the club goers wake up.
5	Taking the Lynx to downtown Charlotte, I spotted the yellow sign at the East/West Blvd Station through the trees. While Van Morrison's song title got me in the door for lunch, I didn't expect anything other than standard Southern fried fare. This standard often translates into too much of everything: too much butter, too much grease, heaping portions. For an expat Southerner now living on the West Coast, this oversizing isn't necessarily a good thing. Surprise! This place got it right. I was served a bit buttery biscuit as an appetizer that came with blackberry jam and tupelo honey, but I could actually taste the fruit instead of just sugary jelly. I opted for the veggie plate. The black eyed peas had a nice kick and weren't just boiled bland mush, the brussels sprouts were tender, and the highlight--the fried okra was lightly breaded, allowing the full taste to come through. This is how veggies should be prepared and Tupelo Honey Cafe proves not just my Grandma can do it! They even have a Gluten Free Menu. Forget Paula's place further down, bring your out-of-town guests here!
3	Had a bumpy visit here. Noise issues fromt he club downstairs and a vandalized car in the parking lot. Tupelos gets extra points for doing everything in their power to make a bad situation better. A manager reached out to me with apologies and an invitation to return with the family. They say they are even trying to get the noise level squared away. They definitely get a second chance. I really want this place to be a winner, it would be a great addition to south end! Will update again with notes from the return visit :) If nothing else, they do care about their customers experience.
4	What a great restaurant - the service was excellent and while I wanted the Sweet Potato pancake, they offered an off-menu option of fried-chicken breast with the pancake to have a more "chicken and waffles" feel.  The entire meal was fantastic - don't forget to have a homemade biscuit with the blueberry jam - wow!!
4	I've wanted to visit the Asheville location for years, but never have. Having read a few mixed reviews of the Charlotte location, I wasn't sure what to expect. Overall, I thought this restaurant was great!!!We were a party of 6 on a Saturday night, and although it was crowded, we were seated within 20 minutes. All of our drinks were great; we had wine, margaritas and other mixed drinks. The drinks were strong enough for the price and well sized.Everything you read about the biscuits is true: they are AMAZING. Best biscuit I've had in a long time; possibly in forever :)For entrees we tried the Chicken Piccata w/shrimp, Shrimp and Grits, Grilled Cheese and soup, the Veggie Bowl and the Veggie platter. Portion sizes were great and the food was excellent!! We laughed because there was literally not a single crumb left on any of the six plates. Other than licking them clean, we each ate every last bite!!For dessert we ordered the banana pudding: it's EXCEPTIONAL!!!! Seriously, between the biscuits, entree and dessert, we left very full!Best part was the bill; $76 for 2 people including 4 drinks, 2 entrees, dessert and tax. To me, that's a great value in Charlotte!Thanks for the wonderful night out: we will be back (next time for breakfast) :)
1	I was not impressed. Food quality was low and tasted cheap. I have no idea why ppl rave about it. I won't go back. Liberty is across the parking lot and a thousand times better plus they use local food.
5	Tupelo Honey was surprisingly authentic southern food. I was expecting unhealthy fried chicken and cole slaw, but they took it to another level. All their food was well thought out and different while still sticking to tradition. I could hardly decide what to get; I was stuck on three or four options that all sounded delicious (so I'll be going back soon). I ended up getting the loaded grilled cheese with tomato basil soup and a side of grits. I'm so happy I didn't pass on the goat cheese grits- they were fantastic! Overall, I recommend Tupelo Honey Cafe if you're in the mood for good food... So obviously, any time is a good time to go!
4	First visit here. Highlights: good food all around, fried shrimp appetizer, lots of healthy options, teriyaki kale is a thing (a good thing). Lowlight: overpriced. THC has got a nice/hipster/upscale country-diner feel to it. There are a lot of free-range and organic and gluten-free options on the menu (see hipster feel above)(they even carry Omission beer, for (1) those w gluten allergies and (2) those who don't understand gluten but avoid it anyway). But the food really is good. The blueberry jam (w biscuits), the fried shrimp (w basil and spicy aioli), and  the FRIED OKRA were my favorites. Part of the price is the organic, free-range, hormone-free thing, another part is the location. Portion size does help in this department though, you will have lunch for the next day. Also, I noticed they have $2 pints on Mondays, which is a decent deal for CLT.
4	I don't recommend the fried green tomatoes over goat cheese grits. Really not my favorite. Honestly I've been pretty underwhelmed with the food here. Ambience is fine, food is fine, but I expected much more.
5	Spot on for fabulous food, trendy drinks and excellent service. I will b back for sure. The menu is creative, the service from Dorian our waiter was super. The manager came to check on everything and everyone made sure it was a good dining experience. This chain is expanding for good reason. Southern food with fresh flavor...  My Southern mom would approve.
3	I was midly disappointed when I learned brunch was served all day with the exception of any poached eggs including the eggs benedict!! Overall, there is a lot of variety to pick from and the portions are huge (or maybe I've lived in NY too long and they are normal?).  Good value, although nothing really blew my mind in terms of taste.  Service is a little slow but very friendly.  Would like to come back to try the full breakfast offerings!
4	Southern Food with a modern edge.I haven't tried all the different items here, but the catfish salad was really amazing and I always thought I hated catfish. My friends had the fried chicken and it looked SO GOOD. They enjoyed it.The patio is really nice for summer days. They are upstairs, but there IS an elevator for guests who don't do stairs, just go around underneath the stairs and you will see it. So bring Nana.. she will like it.Very casual, but yet not a dive at all. You get a very modern posh feel from a very casual space. Good vibes.
5	I was so excited when I found out they were opening a restaurant in Charlotte! I've always loved going to Tupelo Honey when I was in Asheville & having those biscuits & blueberry jam in my backyard made my day! Visiting for the first time, I was so happy to see the warm yellow walls that were so familiar at their other restaurants...the decor is so welcoming & comfy cozy...I love it! And the food...wow the food. The biscuits & jam (I know I already mentioned those but they are worth mentioning twice), the fried okra, pimento cheese, shrimp & grits...those are a few of my favorites. And, if you're in the mood for breakfast, you will definitely find something you like. The service is wonderful as well. Tupelo Honey is great for a date night, family & friends dinner and even a business dinner...I've been there for all of those occasions & had a great dining experience each & every time.
3	Southern food with a twist, very good location and ambience! Good food and great presentation, great place for lunch or brunch
4	Service was good. Food is delicious!  Large portions.  The biscuits with honey are definitely a sweet touch. Atmosphere  was excellent .
4	Beautiful outdoor seating, pleasant courteous service and yummy breakfast!Great (complimentary) biscuits served with warm honey and blueberry compote.  We ordered Chicken and Biscuits and the Breakfast Bowl - both VERY delicious.  Would definitely go here again...
5	These folks are great. Not only did they take steps to apologize for something that wasnt really their fault, they produced yet another delicious meal (three actually). Went back for another dinner, the club was notably quieter and the 'thud' of base wasnt noticeable. Overall a really great place and living up to their reputation in scores! thanks for taking care of my mom on her birthday.
4	I have no idea why THC has 3.5 stars. I'd like to think of this review as 4.5.Let me preface this with the disclaimer: THC is pretty expensive. There's a lot of reasons why - it's a chain from asheville, they're in south end, etc. But they also serve some pretty amazing food so I'd still consider it worth it.I've been to THC 3 times, and I consider that enough to be able to rate its consistency. Portion sizes are generous, the biscuits + blueberries are TO DIE FOR, and the menu has a solid mix of old and new. Some notes on tastes for those who are wondering what to order:* The greens are heavy on the soy, and are kale rather than traditional southern choices like mustard or collards. I enjoyed them but I consider them a poor departure from tradition. Lola's greens are far superior* The grits use goat cheese. Of course it says this on the menu but if you're used to gouda in your grits keep it in mind. Personally I'm going to put goat in my next batch if I get a chance.* The nut chicken is supposedly a fan favorite but when their traditional batter is so incredibly fantastic I don't see why you'd do it.* The meatloaf was recommended to me over the chicken piccata which was a disappointment. Personally I think there could be a lot more here - the mushroom gravy used on other dishes would go MUCH better with it than the watery tomato one they throw on.* Get the chicken piccata. Seriously. Don't ask, just do it.Service has been excellent so far. We had one hiccup with an incredibly long serving time for their top-of-the-line margarita. Turns out they were short staffed at the bar and our server had to cut some of the vegetables. Plus it was missing the shrimp it was supposed to have : (When I get the check I always sigh a little because I have to tip at least 20% on top of a $35+ tab (poor me right?) but then I sign it anyway because THC is a great place to go for high end southern.
5	I came in as a novice to the southern area. I'd tried sweet tea (pretty hard not to like) and grits (bleuughhhh), but nothing really southern. Tupelo honey changed that in the best possible way. The food is a great introduction to the south - a modern take on southern food or a southern take on modern food, it is a delicious way to acclimatize yourself to this quaintly odd area. And oh my god, the complimentary biscuits they serve you at the beginning of the meal are amazing!! Along with the homemade blueberry jam and freshly collected, warmed honey, it's irresistible. And leaves you waning just a but more. Sigh, if only it were on the menu.But the things that are on the menu are also great! Lots of fried okra, goat cheese grits, and fried tomatoes, among other well roasted and flavored vegetables - delightful for vegetarians. Tupelo honey: welcome to the other side of the Mason-Dixon Line.
5	Tupelo Honey has excellent food and service every time I have been there. The original THC is in Asheville Nc and they brought one to Charlotte. Everything is made from scratch and they start you with biscuits and honey with blueberry jam which are delicious!  All the mains I have tried were great and the service was good!
4	Great biscuits. Great honey. Service was wonderful. A bit noisy but overall a very good bruch today.
2	I was excited to go since I love the Asheville store but just did not have the same eclectic feel. Which I really wouldn't have thought too much about if the food was great. But it wasn't. I ordered a basic breakfast since I wasn't too hungry but just got a plate of sodium. I ordered eggs with bacon and grits. Instead I got potatoes which was ok but then the potatoes were very salty. Then my eggs were very salty and had equal amounts of black pepper. Plus bacon is salty. So I think I met my max of salt for the week. I'll go back back it won't be my go-to.
4	My husband and I ate a late lunch here on a Saturday and the place was PACKED so we sat by the kitchen bar since there was no wait and we loved the seats because we got to see how the cooks make the food and how they plate and all that jazz. All I can say is that those boys can make some great food and they go 100 miles per hour! Our sever was very nice and she was really busy so I appreciate good service when the place is packed. The food was so good! I ordered a black bean burger and fried okra. We also got biscuits with honey and jam and they were amazing. Next time I go I want to try their breakfast. They do serve breakfast all day which is nice.There were a lot of tables with kids and families so this place is kid friendly too.
5	Best biscuits eva! With fresh blueberry Try eggs with goat cheese and grits with goat cheese. The homes fries are cut in slices and fried just right! Charlotte ya growin' on me. Atlanta Boy
5	The food here is unique and yet still has that home cooked flavor and ambience. Good service and a casual but well appointed atmosphere. It is a small chain that seems to have found the secret to making each restaurant location as good as the original...No cheap copies here!
4	I wanted to be a fan of Tupelo Honey... firstly as a good replacement to the Pewter Rose and for the great reputation that Tupelo has in Asheville. Instead, I was left wanting more. In my books, Tupelo is more of a 3.5 than a 4, but not a 3. Bottom line is they have staff issues. It almost feels to me that they were not properly trained to meet the demand of being the new kid on the block with high expectations. They did a great job of building excitement on Facebook and I think Charlotte residents were hoping for another great brunch spot on Sunday afternoons. Here are my issues from a customer point of interaction: Parking - always has and continues to be a challenge at this location. Not much can be done here. Customer Service - warm greeting when entering... and we were lucky enough to be seated relatively quickly. Wait Staff - friendly, but a little forgetful with long periods of time between receiving food and receiving service. Food - Food is good. I expected more in terms of flavor. It wasn't bad and it wasn't great... but not memorable. I want to love you Tupelo... I want to be a fan, but adjustments have to be made in order for me to become a returning customer and one that recommends you. I'll be giving you a try in Asheville soon!
4	Big fat YUM! Great drinks, delicious food! TPC has an atmosphere that is bright and airy for dining. The bar has fun lights over each table that harken of yesteryear.
3	We heard about Tupelo honey from friends of ours that were religious patrons of their Asheville location.  At their insistence, we had dinner there one night a few weeks after they opened.  The only way I can describe Tupelo is this: have you ever eaten at a restaurant where the menu SOUNDS better than the food actually TASTES? That's basically it in a nutshell. I wasn't overly impressed (or really impressed at all) by anything that our table ordered. Just poor execution.  Hopefully they work out whatever kinks are keeping this from being a great foodie destination!
5	Sat at the bar with a friend... The service was excellent! Make sure you ask for Tiara or Kayla. Busy Friday night and neither of them skipped a beat. If you're into sitting at the bar i definitely recommend doing so. It was like dinner plus a show with all the crafty cocktails. Food was good, too! Will definitely be back!
4	The breakfast bowl was delicious! The biscuit with honey and jam was even better! Can't wait to come back and try different menu items!
4	Loved the build your own omelette, great relaxing atmosphere (we sat outside), and service was exceptional! Why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5-I was thrilled to try the brunch, but felt the breakfast menu was a little slim-they don't have your typical breakfast food (waffles, pancakes, etc), but the biscuits are amazing especially with the fresh made blueberry jam! Oh and the maple peppered bacon was delicious, would've loved to have Turkey bacon instead, but it worked out ok! All in all a perfect spot!
4	Just like the one in Asheville - but bigger! Great for weekend brunch with family and friends!
3	My wife has been to the TH's in Asheville several times, but I had never been to any of their restaurants. We ended up going to this one in Charlotte for breakfast. My wife observed that the one in Asheville gave each table a basket of their biscuits, but this one gave each of us one measly biscuit and didn't offered us more. That was kind of disappointing. My wife also indicated that the one in Asheville served the food with a signature flower, but none was offered at this location. The food was very good all in all. But, the coffee was absolutely horrible! When I told the waitress that it was incredibly strong (I mean unbelievably so!) and bitter, she explained that it was a Peruvian blend and even she, who liked strong coffee, couldn't handle what they served. This is ridiculous. This restaurant needs to offer a more subtle blend. I doubt most people would like their coffee. Bottom line is that we'll be back there for breakfast, but TH's CLT does have some shortcomings.
4	I really like this place. My girlfriend and I went for dinner a couple months ago. This place has some of the best crab cakes I have ever tasted in my life! They come with big. Hunks of meat in them which is a massive plus and a sweet spicy saracha type sauce. Highly recommended! I had the pork dish - another recommended dish. Southern modern food at a reasonable price and we'll worth a visit by anyone in the south end area
5	Hands down the best food around! I had the Nutty Chicken with Sweet potatoes & asparagus and it was amazing! I have also had the tomato soup and grilled sandwich and it was delicious!!! Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Highly recommend!
5	Excellent menu choices, presentation and food! Highly recommend for breakfast or brunch.
3	A southern restaurant without the southern charm. Great food but ridiculous that on a Monday night the hostess would not seat us in a booth after we requested to sit there (my pregnant wife and my two 75 year old parents). See photos. Reason was booths are reserved for 6 people. We only had 4. Also, most restaurants take your used silverware after biscuits and apps. The waitress here says you should keep your silverware...so I laid my jelly covered fork and knife on the table. Hmm. Get some southern charm and hospitality to match your food. UPDATE: The manager replied with a nice email and to correct the problem. Manager agreed we should have never been told we couldn't eat at the booth with 4 people. Thank you for your response!
4	This is Tupelo Honey's sangria. When it comes to cocktails, I'm pretty straight forward. Just give me Tito's vodka on the rocks with a splash of lime and I'm in heaven. But this time, while having brunch with my girls, I stepped out of my zone and got the sangria. The drink was too sweet for my tastes, however, I have a huge appreciation for presentation and these cocktails were lovely. And if you (unlike me) like sweet drinks, you'll love this one. TIP: Always sit in the bar area if you can. It's fun and high energy. And make sure you get bartender Murphy. She'll make your drink however you like it and she's a sweetheart!
5	Just had the Shoo Grill Cheese with a Rosemary Peach Lemonade ! It was AMAZING!!!!! Will be back soon!!
4	Man! I've been trying to get in this place for two months! Walked in around 10:50 on a Saturday morning and was seated immediately (I didn't have the same luck on a Sunday)!Our waitress came quickly to her our drink orders and when she returned told us she would give us time to look over the menu and if we had any questions. She came back quickly and took our orders (I HATE when waiters/waitresses take too long to get your order after dropping off your drinks!)She gave us a short history on the restaurant: where the name came from, locations, where the food comes from, etc. I was excited to hear that almost all of the food is local and grass fed. Don't judge, I'm going through a local foodie hipster phase (I feel like a lot of people in Charlotte do between Plaza Midwood and NoDa). Our food was amazing! I uploaded pics for your viewing pleasure. I must say the biscuits/jam were my FAVORITE part! Its food and appearance, both an ode to the South, are a Southerner's dream. In my opinion it was an upgrade of Cracker Barrel! A Charlotte favorite, it's definitely worth a try. You're welcome.
5	Tupelo honey is great!! 1/2 price wine on Wednesday! Go see Tiara at the bar! Great mixologist and super nice and friendly!
5	We've been to Charlotte before, but somehow we missed out on this mug of awesomeness! Thankfully we made it this time. This beautiful work of art is called the "Queen Mary", appropriate for the Queen City and is the creation of Tupelo Honey, new southern cuisine. It's made with a mix using roasted yellow tomatoes and garlic, Demitri's bloody seasoning, lemon juice and vodka OR moonshine! (go ahead, guess which we chose). Garnished with lemon, lime, pickled okra, a PIMENTO CHEESE stuffed olive, grilled SHRIMP, BACON, but not just any bacon baby, MAPLE PEPPER BACON, celery, asparagus, and a pickled jalapeno! We think an amen is in order.20 ounces of awesome. The perfect drink for kicking back on the porch, enjoying a nice southern breeze on a warm summer day.
4	What a great breakfast spot! We got there early on a Sunday morning to beat the wait and it was worth it. I had the breakfast bowl - the goat cheese grits are rich but delicious. My boyfriend had the fried green tomatoBLT - also delicious. Love the decor and all of servers and hostesses were courteous and attentive. I would definitely recommend Tupelo Honey for a yummy weekend brunch but get there early or else you'll most like face a wait.
3	Oh man....This place is good if you like butter and oil and fat running through your veins..My friend and I went for an early dinner because I wanted some biscuits!Their biscuits definitely hit the spot and loved the jamWe both got the veggie melt because we wanted something a little lighter.. But we were misled! The veggie melt was overflowing with cheese and the bread it came w was drenched in butter/oil for sureeeI also got the sweet potato mash which was ok.Overall, definitely a super heavy heavy meal. My friend and I felt like we had to go work out right afterwards. But a cute place with a nice homey atmosphere. Go if you don't mind some heavy heavy food.
4	Inspired menu, my first thought was "southern comfort/euro-cuisine fusion". There are some very original dishes. Chicken fried saltimbocca ... whaaaat!? Can I get a "yum"?!Ask for the "Chef's Table", it's a counter really but you can enjoy watching all the action on the line as they prepare all that delicious food which is entertaining. Plus you get to preview what the other dishes look like!
5	Seated very promptly, large parties already in room, server very attentive, with couple of suggestions. Drink special for Tuesday evening. Appetizer arrived quickly, main meal served minutes after appetizer consumed. Food was great and reasonable $$$$. Will go again!!!!
5	This place is so different from all the restaurants around the city and is simply great. The menu is different and interesting. The food is super delicious, the interior decor is different and beautiful and the service is friendly. Fried okra was terrific. The prices are reasonable too. Overall, a unique experience. Highly recommended.
4	I'm visiting from Louisiana so their "Southern" claim was at stake. They did not disappoint. The okra was fried crispy and the dipping sauce was a treat. I had the meatloaf, it was flavorful and moist. My friend had chicken picata and was pleased as well. The Mac & Cheese is a must try. I didn't have the Shrimp and Grits as that's a common dish at home. We ate on the balcony, the weather was wonderful. Our server was teriffic, suggesting and describing dishes. We will definitely be back. Oh, BISCUITS with, what else but, Tupelo Honey.
4	The nutty fried chicken topped with gravy was delicious!  The fried green tomatoes with goat cheese grits were good too; the tomatoes were the perfect consistency.  (I wish they would offer a smaller portion as a $4 side option vs. the $8 appetizer portion).  There's a nice selection of Carolina draft beers and unique cocktails.  The indoor area is vibrant and cheerful.  The outdoor balcony seating is quieter, lovely and at the far end you can get a peak through the trees of the view of downtown Charlotte.
4	Arrived for Saturday brunch/lunch and was told wait would be about 20 minutes.  We were seated about 15 minutes later next to the entrance to the bathrooms - which is not a problem except about a dozen tables were empty thru out the restaurant - was the problem they had too few servers or the can the kitchen not keep up with the size of the place - who knows?  Server was Jonathon who was outgoing and engaging and earned a superior tip.  Biscuits were great and quite filling and maybe we shouldn't have order the fried okra (which were home made style and very good).  Omelet for my daughter and Charleston Chik sandwich for me were good.  Wife had the breakfast bowl which had very over done eggs which were corrected and Jonathon made sure the manager came over and she even delivered the corrected meal!  Good job Jonathon in making sure management is engaged with customer complaints for future fixes.  All in all, the food was good and the 4th star was earned by Jonathon's extra effort which we appreciate as good servers work much hard than most folks think.
4	Solid brunch spot. Make sure to get there before 10am or be prepared to wait. You can't go wrong with the eggs Betty or the chicken and biscuits. Both hit the spot. Nothing overly creative or on the edge of culinary genius, just good southern food with huge proportions... as it should be.
3	Went here last night to eat and the service was poor. No silverware when seated, drinks took a while. The pimento dip was skimped on. I order the veggie grits and a side of soysage. The soysage came out after my check was delivered. Not good enough for the hassle and nothing like the Asheville location.
3	Early afternoon on a Friday, we ate at Tupelo's. We enjoy sitting at the tables in the bar and the food is always good, especially the biscuits. However, service is a different story. On this Friday afternoon Tupelo was not crowded. We ordered and it seemed to have taken an unusually long time for our food to arrive. We ate and then sat and sat and sat as we waited and watched our server chatting with someone else, checking her cell phone and disappear behind the swinging doors. I asked another server for a to go box. I asked one of the managers if we could get our check. We paid, left and will think twice about going back. Customers should not put up with lack of service.
4	I loved Tupelo Honey Cafe when I was in Asheville. I was very excited to see that they brought a location to Charotte, so I wouldn't have to drive all the way to Asheville to get it! I typically get their goat cheese Shrimp and Grits. It is one of the best variations of the dish I have ever had and I am craving it again right now. It was truly unique and delicious. This time however we got biscuits and they were really dry. The nutty chicken was really good though! What was lacking was the service! Hopefully they can get that on point next time. We waited a really long time from waiting to be served once we were seated, waiting for drinks, waiting to give our food orders, waiting to get food, waiting for check. The lunch process took way longer than it should have. The Asheville location is a little better... tend to agree with that one.
5	Blueberry flavored drink, not too sweet, perfect! Biscuits, yummy, especially with the honey and jam!  Pimento and havarte toasted cheese sandwich, great!  Tomato soup, hit the spot!!!  If you are looking for a health food restaurant, go elsewhere.  If you want the occasional treat, this is your joint. Staff could not have been nicer or more attentive. Atmosphere is welcoming. Thank you Austin and Alli for a great time!
4	I've been to Tupelo Honey now twice and absolutely loved both times. I came first for Brunch and then for dinner. The biscuits served are TO DIE FOR! I'm telling you - they may be the best biscuits I've ever had. Plus they are served with homemade blackberry preserves and honey to top. Delicious! For dinner I had the Appalachian egg rolls, which are southern pulled pork egg rolls served with a jalepeno bbq sauce. They were delicious and great alternative if you're looking for a smaller dinner portion. My fiance had the catfish and ate every last bite of it! Defintiely will be visiting again soon!
2	I have been here many times and have always enjoyed the food. However the last time I went with my husband and a friend, we received horrible service. The woman at the check in counter told us the wait would be 20 minutes. 45 minutes later and watching many people who arrived after us be seated, I finally asked when our table would be ready. She informed me that she only had 2-tops available. When I turned around I saw two women who had just walked in be seated at a 4 person table. When I told her of this, she said "I guess I'll clean off a table." I was disappointed in this poor treatment and we received no apology. I don't understand why this happened, but I was incredibly disappointed and will not be returning.
2	Very frustrating experience trying to make reservation for business lunch for party of 18.  No human interaction on first attempt - left vm for manager requesting call back - no call-back received.  So, 4.5 hours later, I called back - same experience - no human answering the phone and only by 'tricking' the system did I get to speak to Mercedes..who was most polite.  Not worth the time and effort as they could not accommodate us.
2	Not that great. I would say out of the three dishes we ordered, we only enjoyed the biscuits that came before our meal. We got the meatloaf (dry and bland, almost like eating a cheap burger patty); "fried chicken" (more like salty country fried steak); and the salmon with salad (meager portions for the price). The biscuits were nice and fluffy but OH MY GOODNESS why is their other food so terrible? Not only is it poorly made and prepared but it took us an hour to get our food! This wasn't even during their busy hours. Severely disappointed in the food though and will not be coming back a second time. It seems like there's a lot of hype surrounding this place and maybe because it's a cool casual ambiance on top of a building, but I say don't bother. Expensive for the quality of food and nothing very outstanding in their menu.
5	I first visited Tupelo in the Asheville location and loved it. Was excited to see it come to Charlotte. I find most of the breakfast items @ Tupelo to be very good minus the breakfast bowl. I really enjoy the Country Breakfast, Sweet Potato Pancake and omelets (but typically not all at once) ;) The reason for the 5 stars are for the following reasons: 1. Amazing-maybe-best-ever biscuits (love the warm honey!!!) 2. Really good breakfast choices 3. Nice service 4. Never a terrible wait - good amount of seating. I also like what they did with the Pewter Rose remodel... Great place!
5	This place... where do I began. I am a self-proclaimed amateur chef, so when I dine out, I'm very selective. I look for digs n dines that can "burn" it better than I can.  I first visited this place in Asheville and when I found out that a location was just sitting there.. minutes away from my house in Charlotte.. I caught the Holy Ghost.  I had the home fries, bacon, goat cheese grits, scrambled eggs w/ cheese and unlimited buttermilk biscuits.  The food was *standing ovation*. The ambiance was... the epitome of urban oasis.  My only complaint was that eventually... I had to go home.  A hearty, savory meal  w/ a charming atmosphere... all for under 10 bucks! I've dined and gone to heaven :)
3	I really want this place to be five stars.  I love the menu, food, concept and decor.We ate here last Saturday for a late lunch and had great food but mediocre service.  Waitress was really bad about refills and forgot several things we requested on our order.  Very little personality.The labor market must be terrible in Charlotte for servers or management here does not know how to hire.  Second visit and second time I felt the staff belonged at Denny's.
5	I've been here quite a few times and always have a good meal. Last time I went I had the Charleston Chicken sandwich and it was delicious. I've had the nutty fried chicken a few times too and that is really good. My husband loves the shrimps and grits. Of course, the biscuits are delicious, too, nice and fluffy and I love the blueberry jam they serve with it. I don't think you can go wrong here, just go hungry!
3	My boyfriend and I visited Tupleo Honey Cafe on a Friday night. No reservation needed, we had a short 5 minute wait. Our waitress was very friendly and really helped us with our questions about the menu. I ordered the fried chicken BLT with a side of goat cheese grits. Those were the cheesiest grits I have EVER had, very delicious! The Fried Chicken BLT was very moist but lacked a little flavor for me. The bacon had way too much fat on it, I had to remove from my sandwich. My boyfriend had the chicken wings appetizer, and for a appetizer those were some pretty big wings! The sauce on the wings had a little spicy kick but still sweet. The chicken seemed to be double breaded which gave that extra crunch we like. We also ordered a side of the homemade Mac n cheese, this was not as cheesy as I would have liked. I can say there was nothing special about the Mac n cheese. The homemade biscuits they give you are so buttery and warm, and awesome with the blueberry jam! We will try this place again for breakfast.
5	Great meal, and terrific service! Tiffany was have great service! Would ask for her section again :) and I got a free Pint glass!! #tupelodoesitagain
1	3d visit. Lemon Drop martini glass rimmed with salt. Waiter said "that's how we serve them". Appetizer was served so late that there was no charge! Salmon was plated with silver skin up, sweet potato fries were cold and salad was served without dressing although I specified my dressing preference. Biscuits were cold and served without the offer of butter; most likely because butter doesn't melt on cold biscuits. Waiter was so attentive our conversation was constantly interrupted.This food is not your Mamas or your Granny's Southern food! Never again.
5	We had a group of 8 that ordered from all corners of the menu including apps. Everyone loved what they had. So it would be hard to have a bad meal here. They have a cool small bar that you can eat in as well. They have a solid selection of beers and a full bar. The service and staff are also top notch.
3	The food was okay.  It didn't send my tastebuds to another dimension, but it was good. I ordered the blackened salmon -which needed ask me type of sauce to make it taste better.  The waiter gave me maple honey to try, which gave it a little more taste. I asked if he had anything else....he gave me the marinade that they use on their wings.  It was a combination of soy sauce, pineapple juice, and orange juice.  This combined with the maple butter gave it what it was missing.  The fried okra was really good.  I also got Mac and cheese which had a little kick to it.  They stated that it was made from scratch so I was thinking that it would be something baked.  Overall, the food was okay, the service was good, and I would give them another try, but would want to try some other recipes of course.
4	Food was really good and the biscuits and honey is a nice touch. Service was fantastic.  We had a table of 10 and our server handled it without missing a beat.  I ordered the shrimp and grits and it was delicious. Everyone in our group also said that their  food was great.
4	Had read reviews and gathered that the food was great but the service left room for improvement..... Well they must have taken the comments to heart as we had fast and friendly service!! The food was also really good, but calorie laden.... If that bothers you. I had their grilled cheese and it was delicious but I must be honest and say although the food is delicious, it is a bit yuppy like.I would go back though to try some of the other dishes as it was hard to decide on one of the many interesting offerings!!
4	Love the atmosphere and the "southern popcorn" aka fried okra.  The mimosa's are delicious too!
3	I have gone here a couple of times for brunch, and each time I was underwhelmed.  For the price and lack of good flavor, there are definitely better places to go right around the corner.  My scrambled eggs were way oversalted which is always a red flag in my mind.Mimosas are always good and staff is friendly.  I do also really like their biscuits and honey. I won't go back for brunch, but still would like to try lunch or dinner to see if it's any better.
1	This place was a disappointment.  Maybe it sucked because we went during brunch, and it was extremely busy.  We ordered the mimosa to hold us over during our wait, and it really wasn't anything to jump up in arms about.  If you like pork, then you will probably love this place.  There didn't seem to be too many meat options, we didn't even eat here.  None of the selections seemed appeasing to us, so  we went to the Flying Biscuit Cafe, much better!
5	Amazing biscuits, goat cheese grits, fried green tomatoes, and unique drinks.  The outdoor area is nice for enjoying a sunny day while you wait for a table.  The long waits to get are for good reason!
4	I like it! Small menu choice - but all very good choices.  If you're looking for a different food experience this place is a good one to go to.  The freshly baked rolls with honey they give you in the very beginning are the best.  Friendly staff as well.
5	We made a reservation for a special holiday group lunch. Even though the cafe was slammed, the wait staff was awesome. We had a group of 15 and were served by a very efficiently and in a friendly manner. Besides the A+ service, our food was delicious. Will definitely return!
5	I adore Tupelo Honey. Every time someone visits me I take them to Tupelo for brunch. The cocktails are amazing and the food is no exception. I especially love that they sell their merchandise. I purchased the pecans and honey for my grandfather for Father's Day and he was a big fan!
4	Wish I could remeber her name, I want to say..Roseanne or something like that, anyhow, she was a super friendly server that made our brunch pleasant. Our coffees and waters were never in need. Friend and I had the breakfast grits bowl ($10) from the brunch menu, appreciated the soysauge substitute in place of bacon without charge. Goat cheese grits always hits the spot. Wished it had a bit less pinto beans a bit more of the cucumber salsa. We both had a bit of pinto beans left over in the bowl at the end.Other friend had one of the bloody Marys that came with a whole strip of bacon and chicken and biscuit. I didn't try any but empty cup and plate at end of the meal could only mean satisfaction.Planning on visiting back for dinner soon.
5	Great experience! We visited expecting greasy southern food, wow I was pleasantly surprise! We started with he pulled pork egg rolls, something I normally wouldn't order but they were delicious!! I had the Southern Plate with Grilled Salmon, the quinoa and the cheesy mashed cauliflower! AMAZING!! Salmon was cooked perfect and seasoned great and the sides were so good! Give them  a try, you won't be disappointed!
4	I love Tupelo HoneyOur service was great, the food delicious and the interior made me feel I was in Asheville or Seattle...loved it!The waitress was so kind to take pictures of us to remember this day and when she found out it was our anniversary, she surprised us with a yummy little bowl of banana pudding with a candle in it! We will definitely come back!
5	Wonderful as always! Shared the fried green tomatoes and fired chicken and biscuits for our meal. Plenty of food! The portions are very generous. Our waiter was great very attentive despite the busy atmosphere. I do suggest making reservations online if you can. It saved us lots of time. This was my second time to a Tupelo Honey (my first was in downtown Asheville) and I'll definitely go every chance I can.
5	Food: 5.0Ambiance: 4.0Food/Price: 3.5Pros: Delicious and inventive brunch, nice ambianceCons: Pricey (unsure about weekend brunch reservations and service as I ate here on a Monday morning)FoodThe brunch selection (I've at least sampled almost all of it) is consistently top shelf at every location, whether you're in the mood for something  "traditional" like  fried chicken over biscuits (or fried chicken over sweet potatoes pancakes, or just two pieces of fried chicken languishing on top of on another... they really will just throw fried chicken on anything) or something with more of a southern foodie flare like omelets stuffed with fried green tomatoes and pimento cheese, this place will not disappoint. However, you do pay for the quality.AmbianceThe above section applies consistently to all locations I've eaten at but the ambiance can vary quite a bit. The Raleigh location has a very "Raleigh" vibe; clean, warm, straight lines  doesn't want to rock the boat, absolutely nothing to complain about. But it lacks the spacious and inviting veranda of Charlotte and the somewhat charming somewhat maddening "coziness" of the Asheville location. Charlotte's inside and outside are both far more spacious than the other locations and the beautiful veranda in Charlotte manages to exude coziness and openness simultaneously, by far my favorite location. They have their own parking lot with plenty of spaces and we had no trouble parking. They are on the second floor and even have an elevator.Bottom line: A must eat brunch spot in Charlotte.
4	I love the ambiance in this place. The hardwood floors and eclectic decor make it so cozy and comfortable. The menu is creative and everything I've had is really tasty. The manager is very friendly and comes around to check on people. He is very knowledgable and accommodating. This would be a great brunch spot. We've gone for lunch only so far, but will be back.
1	I've tried this restaurant a few times with friends and it is so disappointing every time. I'm no longer interested in giving them a shot. The food is sub-par at best and the prices are too high. Case in point, I ordered pancakes and I don't know how it's possible to mess up a pancake, but they were able to do just that. Who serves a pancake with cayenne pepper all over it and doesn't warn a customer who orders it?! Food allergies, anyone?! That's just not smart. It was beyond gross as well. They never even offered to replace the pancakes or bring anything else as a substitute. When I asked for a small biscuit, they told me, "they wouldn't charge me this time." Is that a threat?! Please.... Go back to Asheville. You can keep this place. I'm not sure Charlotte wants to embrace you and I can tell you that I surely won't.
4	IN SUMMARY: EXCELLENT BRUNCH - MAKE RESERVATIONS IF YOU CAN! I had never been to Tupelo Honey Cafe before, and didn't realize it was a sister location to at least one other in Asheville, NC. I've always heard great things, but never had an excuse to venture out until recently. I went on a Sunday morning to meet two of my friends for brunch. We had an 11AM reservation, and when we first arrived, there were a few parties waiting to be seated, but we were quickly given a table. I will say, as we left, it was PACKED and there were many parties waiting for a table. So if you can, make a reservation.Breakfast/brunch is my favorite meal - period. I love anything breakfast, but when I go to brunch I usually get the 'everything' meal (eggs, bacon, pankcakes, etc...). If I don't do that, I will get the eggs benedict. I decided to go outside the box and ordered their breakfast bowl. YUM! I would never have ordered this because it's not my kind of dish, but I'd seen a photo online and it looked so tasty. Plus, being a southern fresh food kind of place, I decided to give it a try. I am SO glad I did. It was more than enough food, but it was so good I ate it all up! My friends both got the BLT sandwich, which they seemed to like, but both complained it was greasy and they needed to wash their hands before leaving. We all ordered coffee - it was good coffee. The goat cheese grits were so tasty. I love goat cheese, but even if you don't like goat cheese, don't let that scare you away. It wasn't strong, it was just savory, creamy & cheesy. No extra salt or pepper needed. While we waited for our food, our waiter brought perfectly cooked homemade biscuits and homemade blueberry jam/jelly. The jam/preserves (whatever it's called) was really good. I'd buy it to take home. I had a few pieces of blueberry in it, but they weren't tough or dry or unwelcomed at all. I liked the pieces. Our waiter was fantastic as well. He was patient when we needed more time and helpful when needed. He was also very attentive and kept our drinks full.Let me know if this review helped you or if you have any questions, I'll answer what I can.  It was very good - so give it a try!
3	This place is overpriced.  Ask many questions because they omit very important points about menu items.  I ordered the ceviche app which does not specify it is actually a 'chip and dip' type app.  wth?  Our very nice waiter explained 'oh that is just their take on ceviche!'  If I wanted a crappy martini glass full of unidentifiable goo with three lousy shrimp in it served alongside a side of chips FOR TEN DOLLARS I would have gone to some fast food joint AND SAVED 8 DOLLARS.But the entrees were passable if not memorable.  I can't give it a low rating just because I did not ask what their 'take' on a dish was.  Will not be back.  Waste of time and money.
