3	When Thanksgiving rolls around and we have been nominated to bring the pies, I come here. A quick phone call to pre-order the pies (to ensure they have enough on hand) and a stop on the way home home from work the day before guarantees that we will show up with (almost) the best food of the bunch.
4	I recently moved to AZ and I've only been to a couple of Village Inn locations (this being one of them). I've had my fair share of diner-type restaurants in California; being that we have Denny's and Norm's in abundance over there. I'll have to admit though, this Village Inn. has good food like most I've tried but truly stands out for their fantastic customer service! I've been here on three different occasions and all have been pretty consistent (food and service). One other thing that I like about this location is that it's one of their newer restaurants and I personally like "new" and they have FREE WiFi to boot. Oh and I almost forgot, try their new iced coffees... they're pretty good!
1	Staff is inattentive and unprofessional. If you come in with a child don't expect to be waited on immediately, or have your drinks refilled.
5	This place is absolutely hands down one of the best diner restaurants I have been to in a while! Last night my family and I went to dinner at the Village Inn located on Signal Butte. We were seated immediately, and had our drinks within seconds. Tammy was our waitress, and she was great! Our food came out within twenty minutes of ordering. The food was hot and was delicious! I rarely give five stars but the service that Tammy delivered was above and beyond my expectations and the food was phenomenal! I will be back and I will continue to bring in family and friends! Thanks Village Inn, and thank you Tammy for a wonderful family dinner :-)
2	Food was good. The service is poor. The restaurant is clean.
4	We came for breakfast and were seated right away.Pros: clean setting, modern interior, good /fast service, healthy options(i.e. egg white omelets, 'low calorie' marked options on the menu, etc, flat screen TVs. We could see the kitchen from where we were sitting and it looked very clean.Cons: no gluten free options. We had a sticky table when we arrived, however probably a fluke.
1	We "were" regulars every Wednesday for free pie with the mother in law..... I can not believe how bad the service is there any more, in fact the last time we were there apparently there was some confusion on who our waitress was and everyone just kept walking past us.... Trying not to make eye contact! Many times before that the service just was very poor,  to top it off  when they asked how every thing was as I paid I informed them of the terrible service and her response was, it's so busy on free pie night.... Trust me it wasn't busy! keep in mind this was over a month ago there wasn't a snowbird in town! I will have to find a new place for us to meet up with the mother in law. Will not be returning!!
4	Great experience this visit. Seated quickly. Served quickly. Waitress was pleasant. Food was tasty. They were having a good day. Only complaint is that once the ticket is dropped they don't check back. And it was free pie Wed. Had to flag down a manager.
1	I eat at a different Village Inn often. I've even ordered catering for work events.   I was in the area and decided to stop by this store.  Unfortunately they fell very short on providing acceptable service.   I should have known there may be a problem when I walked in.  There were 12 people waiting in line to pay and leave.  There was one woman complaining about something to the assistant manager.  I'm not sure about what, but I heard the assistant manager sarcastically and loudly say in front of everyone in the lobby, "Oh!  I assure you ma'am I did."  She was obviously pissed off and she stormed out.   As for me, I waited 15 minutes at the table without a beverage.  In the meantime two other tables after me were seated and had theirs.  I went to the front to complain, but there were no employees at the register or podium.  Someone finally came up.  I asked to speak with the manager.  She said he was in the kitchen but would get him for me.  It was the assistant manager I saw before.  I told him about the slow service.  All he did was tuck in his shirt while saying to me "I am so sorry."  He made no offer to rectify the problem, so I walked out.
2	Came in for breakfast / lunch crowd. Told 15-20 minute wait and was seated within time told. Nothing spectacular with the menu.. Typical stuff- kinda small portion size, but not horribly expensive. Not really tons of flavor, but it was alright. My husband and I may go back one day.. But for now I'd rather have some hearty diner type food.
