4	As a chinese american college student from NYC who got stuck in Pittsburgh with its useless public transportation (circa 1998), I desperately missed home-style Chinese food for the better part of my first two years here. Things turned around for me once I got a car (or made friends with cars), but I was seriously hurting for a while.Tasty was one of the places we found. Back in the day, it was owned and ran by a typical restaurant-owning Chinese family. They had the works - pushy lao ban niang (boss lady), chef slash dad, and, during school off-hours, junior high school daughter manning the cashier. If they were in NYC, they'd only be missing an ami.... a bus boy. The food was pretty good, and if you order in Chinese, the lao ban niang hooked you up with extras because "your parents teach you good to talk Chineees". I'm pretty sure Tasty is under new ownership now. The food isn't as good as it was, but the restaurant still gives off the home-style look and feel. It's a small restaurant with enough seating for about 25-30 patrons. Cheap tables, cheap seats; after all, restaurant extras are just a waste of money. The customers should come back for the food, this *is* a restaurant.The new waitress is not friendly, but she gets the job done. The food is still good - so if you're craving a home cooked meal, you'll be somewhat satisfied here. Don't expect grandma's cooking, though. Order the vegetables, the mapo tofu is good, beef/chicken chow fun, etc. They have a lot of other staple items on the menu too. Don't get the salted pork chops - save that craving for Orient Kitchen. Try things, and share your thoughts.Tasty - it's more than your neighborhood take out joint.- written by a former junior high school daughter cashier
4	I recently pop in to this restaurant and got a Black Bean Pork on rice. It was great!!The vegetable was fresh, the source was not too heavy and the meat was tasty!!
3	Pretty solid Chinese takeout.  They have a $10 minimum on Campus Food and delivered in less time than expected.  The Szechuan eggplant was not spicy at all, but it did have a nice assortment of mixed vegetables (broccoli, zucchini, corn, carrots, etc.).  The vegetable egg rolls seemed pretty tough - I don't know that I would order them again.Overall, I'm pretty pleased.  I already like this place - even the big neon sign that just says "Tasty" on the storefront.   (This is how I'm going to refer to it - ie, "Do you want some takeout from Tasty?")  I also love that one of their lunch menu options is fried rice, soup & an egg roll for $2.95!  I will almost definitely order from here again.
2	Food: There are countless options to choose from for vegetarians or carnivores, but the food is only so-so.  We've ordered takeout numerous times due to proximity, and nothing has been bad, but nothing has been special.  The general Tso's tofu and the Moo Shu vegetables are the best things we've ordered.  The eggplant was soggy and not great.  The portions are large.  Nothing is particularly spicy even if it is mentioned as being spicy on the menu.Price: Tasty is cheap.  Drinks: N/AAtmosphere: Typical Chinese takeout place.  A photo of every single meal they offer is on the wall.  Located in the plaza next to Pizza Parma.  Decent location for that end of Shadyside.Service: The employees speak poor English but can usually understand what you are askingt/telling them.  The food is usually ready for takeout within 10-15 minutes.(+): many options, cheap, ready quickly(-): food is nothing to write home aboutWould I go back again? If I'm feeling too lazy/broke to go anywhere else.
2	This place features everything you can expect from a standard hole-in-a-wall Chinese restaurant. There's zero ambiance, offers quick take-out and the service is rude. I decided to give Tasty a try because it's conveniently located on Highland Avenue and has easy parking.I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and Crab Rangoon. Sadly, they prepared Kung Pao Beef instead. It's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food. It's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order. While it wasn't what I ordered, the food was good...but there is better Chinese food out there.
3	Note: Tasty has a credit card minimum of $10 and has a parking lotTasty is another standard chinese takeout place - it didn't blow my mind but overall it was good, especially considering the price. Before I continue, I will come out and say that all of the food was a little tough - the eggroll especially(As was warned) -  and the rice had some dark spots(I assume it was from the bottom of the cooking vessel).  However, I will chalk some of it up to my mistake because I thought they closed a half hour later,  than they did, and consequently ordered about 10 minutes before they closed. So, Tasty, you get a pass on the riceAnyhow, I ordered a vegetable eggroll($1.50) and general tso's tofu($8.25)(I've learned to accept my guilty pleasure). I ordered the general tso's extra spicy - it was not. Also, the tofu was in very large chunks, which has seemed to be my luck lately. I want surface area, and I don't want to have to figure out how to cut my food with chopsticks. I will say, though, that the sauce was very tasty - enough to seal the deal for a future order at this place.The eggroll, as I said, was tough.. It tasted good, but it was tough, and small... This probably won't be in my future order, however with the $10 minimum I do need to order something else with my tofu... I hope the soup is good.The lady behind the counter was friendly and was decent on the phone and didn't once mention that they were closing so close to when I ordered. Portion size was good, for the $10.44 it cost me, I'll definitely be able to make a lunch out of what is left.
5	My wife and I have been going here for as long as we have lived in Pittsburgh, which is about 10 years.  This is our go-to Chinese restaurant, even after we moved out of the neighborhood.  I have never had a bad meal here, and I will forever love their beef chow fun!  My wife and I are moving to North Carolina in two days, and Tasty Chinese was the thing about Pittsburgh that we said we would miss the very most.  These are great folks, and I wish them the best of success in the future.  Remember, everyone, just because you read a negative review it does not mean that the food is bad!  Some people just have lousy taste buds, and many people have no idea what they are ordering to begin with.  Try things for yourself, and you will find some great food at Tasty!
5	Tasty is Pittsburgh's BEST kept secret for Cantonese cuisine. If you're Chinese and miss your mum's cooking, this is the place to go!!! The service is fast, the food is cheap and they serve you gummies to end of the meal! Did I mention that there's a designated parking lot right infront of the store?Don't order the American standards of General Tso's and Moo Goo Gai Pan , unless you REALLY want to. This is the place to get really authentic home cooked food. Order the steam ground pork, or steam ground pork with egg, the tofu, veggie and mushroom dish on the special menu written in Chinese( second from the right), the cold steamed chicken with ginger, or the chicken with mushroom, or the pork chop with pepper sauce, or the shrimp with egg and the list goes on. If you have an occasion, say a graduation dinner, the restaurant will even roast you a duck (yum!), or stir fry up some lobster with ginger and scallions ( big yum!) or stew you some pork with lotus root soup ( super yum!). And they will arrange the tables nicely, and cover them up with some festive table cloth. The owners are also really accomodating with regards to changing the menu at short notice and special requests. If you need to refrigerate a cake, they will gladly oblige. They do not serve alcohol, its a BYOB place. The BEST part, a ten course dinner for 11 people will set you back about $120 or so including tax and tip (menu included roast duck and lobster)!  My husband and I have been eating at this little hole in the wall for years now and we are really going to miss it when we move.  The owners are really nice and the food is great!
1	Tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold.  Will never order from here again.
2	Not Tasty At All.
4	Ordered the lunch special with sesame bean curd + steamed rice + veggie egg roll.  The food was great, and you get a LOT for $5.65.  My friend got general tso's chicken with fried rice, and she enjoyed her meal as well.The lady at the counter was very friendly and refilled our waters often during lunch.  When we were done eating, she gave us little Japanese mango gummy candies on our way at the door.I would definitely come back for lunch here--it's nothing fancy, but very reasonably priced and, well, tasty. :)
3	i'm giving this place a solid 3. i've had better cheap chinese and i've had worse. first off, let me just say take out is probably the way to go. our server was nearly impossible to understand and we drank water out of tiny styrofoam cups that we had to wait for her to refill.i ordered the crab rangoon, a shrimp springroll, and chicken fried rice. the rangoon was pretty good, the springroll was just a clump of grease, and the rice was good. my friends ordered beef and broccoli, an egg roll, and general tso's. they were not too impressed with their meals.as far as food, this place seems to be pretty hit or miss. the prices make it worth ordering take out or delivery, but i wouldn't waste my time eating in here.
1	Never received my order and was left in a bad mood. The driver did not carry GPS for delivery, did not know my address which is right in squirrel hill, did not listen to me (or did not understand me?) when I tried to give him directions, asked me to pick up food from an intersection 0.3 miles away from my apartment in snow, and finally yelled at me to cancel my order. Cannot comment about food, but whatever experience I had left a bad taste.
3	Went here last night for takeout since our normal place is currently renovating their kitchen. We ordered fried dumplings which were just ok. We also ordered some shrimp lo mein and general tsos chicken. These were some of the best entrees that I have gotten from a takeout place. The lo mein was perfectly cooked and was not greasy at all. The shrimp were also cooked perfectly. The general tsos may be some of my favorite I have ever gotten. It wasn't spicy like I requested, but the chicken was still crispy after having to drive it home and the sauce was very savory. Overall I probably will crave the food from here and will be back, on a night when I do not mind driving to pick up.
