4	A really good friend of mine recently got a haircut here. It was quite a last minute affair and the staff were super friendly and didn't mind at all that she didn't have an appointment.She only got a trim, nothing too drastic, but at times even this can be challenging as hair dresses are bored and can get carried away. Not in this place. They cut her hair just as much as she wanted and needed and even gave her a good student deal. It's not terribly big or flashy but it gets the job done.
5	Who? What? Where?Relaxation, Joy, Seventh Heaven. Just a few names that spring to mind after a massage (and I do mean 10 minutes after a massage) by Jane from Hair Joy. This is something special, I have a very bad back, and I tend to gather a lot of tension in it. But after this massage, I feel as if I've positively sprung wings. My mind is clear, unclouded, my shoulders are not throwing Zeus-worthy bolts of lightning at my head, my feet are silently thanking me with every step, and my hands are smiling at me. Yes, you read me, they're smiling at me. I would say that no one should go here, as I want her all to myself, but it would be unfair to deprive you lovely people of the jewel that is Jane. Go forth, get a massage and for all that is good and lovely in this world: spread the word.
4	I've had Hair Joy on the list to check out for some time and finally, made it. After a bit of confusion, as I had made two appointments for me and a friend (but there is only one masseuse, so I waited while my friend had her session), which meant I spent some time wandering the streets keeping myself amused, I had a lovely Swedish massage. I knew I was in for a good thing when my friend ambled out, looking half stoned with a goofy smile on her face - there must be magic in that room. And it was lovely, I haven't been for a massage in a long time, and I definitely needed one - in hindsight, I think I needed something deeper (which was offered - Hair Joy cover Swedish, Sports, Reiki, Hot Stone and Indian Head) which I think on my next visit, I will take them up on. As noted by Jenny L, I could hear banging as if someone was making their lunch next door, which distracted me a little bit, so I didn't go into a complete relaxation mode. Plus, after an hour of lying there, I was a little uncomfortable, but that's personal, clearly I am a fidget! What I did like, was it was a really pleasant place, and the girl (who is relatively new and I forgot to ask her name, how rude of me!) who performed the massage was lovely and friendly, and I really liked the place. My toe has been dipped in Hair Joys soothing waters, and I know I will be back.
5	This place is AMAZING! I have very curly hair and anyone with curly hair knows, 80% of hairdressers have no idea what to do with it. For my first 3 years in Edinburgh, no hairdresser did anything right with it.  I met the owner of Hair Joy (Jane) randomly when she wondered into the bookshop I work at down the street. She was so nice and funny I thought I'd give her place a try. She was incredible. She did everything right, she tolerates my horrible descriptions of what I want done to my hair and I always leave with my hair looking better than I ever imagined. Even today I told her about problems I'm having with my hair and she had a special delivery made to the shop this afternoon to try a product she recommends. That is way, way beyond good customer service!I've been going to Hair Joy for about 2 years now for every haircut and trim I get, and I've recommended two of my best friends who also love it. And the thing is, she tells me that she's actually much better at massage than hair. --And she's the best hairdresser I've had, so I'm thinking it's time to try the massage! If you're not sure where to go in Edinburgh I promise you, you will not be disappointed at Hair Joy!
2	I showed her a picture of the haircut I had had before, but she ended up cutting it way too short. I kind of felt like I was being rushed out of there as she was cutting my hair. She was super nice, but I think I'll go somewhere else next time for the correct haircut....
