1	Ordered twice from the Dominos iphone app for delivery, both times the order arrived with missing items and less than the order qty of boneless chicken wings. The driver came back with the sauces but the manager refused to deal with the obvious quantity issue... An 8 pc wings order cant have 6 pieces... 3 of which were smaller than a quarter.
3	I hear a lot of people bragging about growing up in "insert your northeastern city here" and how great the pizza is there.  Pizza should be like this.  Pizza should not be like that.  Blah, blah, blah.The way I see it, I had it good growing up in the middle of nowhere.  I grew up eating chain store pizzas and loved it!  And now that I'm all grown up I not only appreciate great pizza (hard to find), but I also enjoy good cheap macro produced pizza.  It all has its place.  And when I want a fast, cheap pizza Domino's does the trick.I prefer the pepperoni and salami (recommended by my fiance who will never admit to it), but also really like the double bacon.  Two mediums two toppings for twelve bucks.  Home alone for the weekend?  Boom.  Five star it ain't.  But if you aren't snobbish about pizza and what you think it ought to be, Domino's is a tasty way to spend a meal.
1	Got food poisoning from their wings.  Have had great experiences with other Domino's in Charlotte.  Can't say the same for this one.  In short, it's horrible.
2	a bright sign illuminated in the window flashes and tells me that i can walk into this place and immediately get a pizza for five dollars. i pull up. i am buzzed into this private club known as dominos pizza and immediately people start screaming at me "welcome to pizza". thanks guys! i order one of these five dollar pizzas, and it costs me seven dollars. false advertising. "it will take ten minutes sir". false advertising. the pizza tastes like greasy cardboard. in fact, my phone is now dripping in it as i type this.
5	the sweetest, kindest people work here! i absolutely love ordering from this Dominos location because they are always so happy and patient with me! EVERY single time! I've never had a bad experience with them!!! :) On the phone, delivery, or when I come in for pick-up, they are all so nice and enthusiastic :)
5	The nicest group of people work here! Thanks so much, Diego & me order here all the time!
1	Worst experience ever! And hour and a half cinnamon sticks with no frosting a pizza completely uncut and cold'!!!!!!!!!!!
