5	As far as a McDonald's goes, this place is always pretty quick and efficient!I come here pretty often for coffee in the mornings.  The lady in the drive-thru knows me and is super friendly!  They are always fast!I've only had a few instances where there's been a bit too much cream or something in my coffee where it had to be thrown out.  More often it's done perfectly!And with the new remodel, it looks great!
1	The manager is rude, my order is never correct, it really isn't hard to leave ice out of a drink people, the machine does it for you if you ring it up correct! 2 out of 3 times my kids food is wrong. I now avoid this location!
2	Traveling through Phoenix, we were just looking for a light, quick bite to eat. We pulled up to one of the twin ordering stations. I thought this was a neat concept until I witnessed the not-well-thought-out merging process. The line from the second station was a straight shot to the pick-up window and the line from the first station had to merge into that line. It was a microcosm of Phoenix freeways at a McDonalds, complete with traffic jams and crazy drivers.The food: My McBurger was dry and tasteless; my wife's chicken McNuggets were petrified and they forgot the ranch dipping sauce, which made her realize that the sauce is the only thing that saves them. This location is convenient to the freeway, but next time we are passing through I think we'll just keep going.
5	You know you love it. Where else can you smile for a dollar? Oh yea, the gentlemen's club. They are similar establishments. Great values.
1	I hate two lane drive thru. Unfortunately I live in the area.  Three times now they go out of order and I get stuck waiting for someone to acknowledge my lane.  Once they took two orders at the other lane while I sat waiting.  Poor procedure inside.  Each time no apologies and no offer to compensate even when I asked today. Go elsewhere like In N Out across the street.
1	The worst service ever! We went to get lunch since the website said 1030 am for breakfast and at 1045 they said we couldn't order it so we were stuck in the line at McDonald's and couldn't even get out. The kid in the drive through said he just placed an order for lunch so we asked for the manager and he said nope it was an accident. 1st learn to speak English, 2nd you people want $15 an hour?!??? That is the worst bull I have ever heard.
