4	I used to use Nibbler's Catering when I managed events and meetings for a large office furniture company in Phoenix. They were always great to work with and the food was divine! I remember we had a huge corporate party that they catered and the finger foods they prepared were amazing!The staff was there early, set up on time, and cleaned everything to boot. The owner, Diane (who happens to be Canadian eh), was always in touch and brought samples to office for all of us to taste.I used to cater one meeting a week and several large events each year, and Nibbler's was one of the best I'd come across. My current company uses them for breakfast catering and they have great breakfast burritos and sausages.
5	If you want some awesome food at a reasonable price this is it! I had a Christmas party for future clients and was impressed with everything. We had the slow roasted brisket with potatoes and vegetables. Great meal!  My future clients kept raving on how good it was. It was on time and hot and simply delicious. I look forward to doing more business with these guys in the future.
5	Pam & Nibblers saved me!  Last minute office luncheon and they were able to put together a great menu. Prompt service and set-up, with everything you need and/or can think of.  (try the grilled veggies, flank steak ...everything.!!)
5	I love Nibblers!My company has been using Nibblers Catering since before I started here (seven years ago!).  I have never had any issues.  They are never late and the food is always yummy.  Even when I am in a pinch and call last minute they are always accomodating.  I love Diane, the owner, and all of the staff at Nibblers.  I have yet to meet someone there that isn't warm and friendly.My personal favorite is the Wrap & Roll Stuffed Tortillas.  I often get the Corporate Ladder (sandwiches and wraps) and they always go over well.We're also big fans of the Rosemary Chicken and the Fabulous Chicken Fajitas.  The desserts are great as well!Working with Nibblers couldn't be easier.  I call and place my order.  They show up.  That's it.  I don't have to run around preparing anything.  They do it all.Thank you Nibblers!  You make my work life so much easier.
4	For as long as I can remember (been with my job 11 years now) Nibblers has always caterer our work holiday team luncheon.  And today was another great luncheon. We had chicken cordon blue with a brown gravy, roast beef with au jus & horseradish cream, red skin mashed potatoes, garden salad, assorted breads, lemonade, tea, green bean casserole and a holiday dessert  tray.Nibblers always arrives on time and the food is always delish! Never a complaint about our cratered holiday event!
3	Nibblers is the main supplier of my companies catered events. Their service is always stellar; set-up, take down and presentation cannot be any better. However, the food itself is a little hit or miss for me. Their dinner foods such as the Chicken Cordon Belu and the Beef Brisket are consistently very good. The sides are okay, I've had the green beans, mashed potatoes and salad. The breakfast leaves much too be desired; super oily sausages and bacon, fake eggs, and the greasiest most unflavorful potatoes known to mankind. The breakfast burritos weren't bad once their salsa was added to them. The bagels and muffins are bland. Out of all their meals I prefer their the dessert, which is always an assorted selection of finely made delectables. You can't go wrong with a brownie, lemon bar, cookie, or even a petit four! YUM!
5	Without a doubt THE go to place for catering.  Diane and her amazing staff serve up some of the best food around and always with a smile.  Set-up is a breeze, tables, chaffing dishes.  The food has always been a hit with everyone at the office and they know when they see the Nibblers van pull up DELICIOUS food is on it's way.
1	The only thing NIbblers is good at is being on time. (Kind of...)I ordered basic box lunches, tea, coffee and water for an event for 80 people. The bill was $1500. That comes to $18.75 per person. The sandwiches were those things that have a lump of stuff in the middle which are then cut in half to display said middle. What you end up with is mostly bread. The tea was in gallon sized plastic milk jugs which were just left on the table. Just like everything else, there was no presentation at all. They were on time, but forgot to bring several things so they had to run back to Hq and get them. I don't have a lot of experience with catering, so maybe for 20 bucks a person you shouldn't expect much, but this was just cheap, cheap, cheap. I would not use them again.
4	they do all catering needs in this area...very professional and they are always on their "A" game...great set-up and presentation...good selection of food...reasonable and competative pricing
2	Blech. The only reason they have two stars is because I'm not sure if their service is good or not!The food is terrible. My company has used them for many events in the last three years, and Nibblers has never delivered quality food. Just today, we had "barbecue" chicken sandwiches for our Memorial Day event. The barbecue sauce (if you can call it that) was vinegary, not sweet at all, and just plain bad. The side dish they provided was potato chips. Really?! How about some potato salad? The salad they provide is terrible; nothing but iceberg lettuce.I would probably never use this caterer if I owned my own business.
5	This was the first time using Nibblers for our July Awards Luncheon.  In the past we had the same thing, over and over again.  We decided to try something different and it turned out great!  NIbblers proved to be accommodating, delicious and a good value.Everyone raved about the food.  And Everyone scrambled to take the leftovers home.  The food selection was great.  The chicken meatballs were to die for.  The slider buns were amazing and so fresh.We will definitely be using them again.
1	They deserve negative stars I heard that there is new owners and it shows from a terrific caterer to a terrible one I've used them for many charitable events it was always on point now I wouldn't recommend them to the dog pound
