5	Wonderful ethnic food shop which specializes in Middle Eastern and Asian (Indian) foodstuffs.While it's not that Persian supermarket of greatness, Marche Akhavan, Branche d'Olivier nonetheless has an excellent selection and seems to touch on a little bit of everything from around the world.I've seen Indian curry pastes, chutneys and basmati rice, Mexican mole sauces, Trinidadian scotch bonnet pepper sauces, various Asian cooking oils for stir fries, British brand teas, Turkish bulgar and lavas bread,  you'd be very surprised what a slow stroll through the aisles here will get you.
5	This a great store for vegans, vegetarians and people who Middle Eastern or Asian food. If you are looking for nuts, dried fruit, spices, sugars all at a reasonable cost this is the place to go. It is rare that you will find such a good price, for such good products anywhere else in Montreal.If you are looking to buy tempeh, this is place for you. As a part-time vegan I am always look out for places to buy tempeh, seitan, and good quality tofu. This Branche D'Olivier has another location on Notre-Dame (Atwater Area), where I will go and buy my tempeh on weekly basis.It's a great store, definitely a good bet for all of the products I mentioned above.
5	Branche d'Olivier is a must-visit place for all Montrealers interested in imported as well as vegetarian/vegan products. This small store holds a great variety of rices, beans, lentils, spices, oils, health products, nuts, tofu, tempeh, seeds, oils, seaweeds, incense, fresh feta cheeses, Indian soups and more. I've been going regularly since a couple of years and I really enjoy the broad selection of items they have. The service has always been good and the atmosphere inviting. I recommend to everyone who likes cooking and who enjoys making new discoveries. Note: If you don't live near Verdun, perhaps you should take a look at their other store on Notre-Dame close to Lionel-Groulx metro. Their selection is just as good!
5	Great place to buy spices! Also nuts and dried fruit, all for only 2$ per bag. Of course, that's just the first two shelves. It's also worth checking out the rest of the store, they also have a great selection of tea, and all sorts of imported products that you just can't get at a supermarket. I keep coming back here just to see what else I can find.
5	I have been their client for 8 years now. They have the best local prices for organic, in bulk, and many other healthy foods. I highly recommend that you check it out for your self. One visit will convince you. The personnel is always friendly and helpful. I could go on. My favorite food store by far. Enjoy!
