5	Hey all you blondies, want a place that won't mess up your blonde!!! I have never had good luck when getting my hair done, whether it was getting colored or cut until I came here!!! You know when you say just take an inch off the bottom and they take 5!!! excuse me, you're not the one that has to grow it back...right!!! I will be comming here as long as I have hair! Ask for Kim, she rocks!!!!
1	Worst salon ever. Worst customer service. Worst dye job. I had stains and the color bled everywhere. My neighbor was nice enough to fix it for me by dying my hair back to a color close to my natural one. When the stylist (if you can call her that) was putting my color on me she left in the middle to mix more color and left me there for 30 minutes. Half of my head was over processed. I noticed she was also using Safeway Brand aluminum foil (for food not hair. not impressive.). While I sat there processing she went over to where the other stylists were congregating doing their own hair, talking crap about customers, and texting on their phones (not a pretty sight). I will not be going back. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
4	I figured its more uncommon for someone to post a good review about a stylist than a bad one. I trusted Becky M's opinion and called up to make an appointment with Kandice. She was such a sweetheart! She listened, i mean really listened to what i was talking about. She told me the truth about things I could and couldnt do to my hair. Its refreshing when they tell you the truth, not just what you want to hear. I ended up getting a dark chocolate brown color and probably the best a-line haircut i've ever had ( i've had it for about 2 years). The only reason I didnt give a 5 star review wasnt because of the stylist. The lady, who I later found out was the manager, was probably the most obnoxious person I have been around in a long time. Not to mention she was arguing with other stylists right in the front of the salon....super unprofessional! All in all I am deffinitly going back to see Kandice!
4	Brought my 11 year old in for a cut and style and eyebrow/ lip wax . We were a walk in and they were able to get her  in within 20 minutes. Ashley was her stylist. My daughter may only be 11, but she has adult hair! Lots of hair and very thick, long and wavy. She got a cut with lots of layers and added bangs . Ashley did a great job cutting and styling her hair. She blew it out straight and it looked very chic. Ashley also waxed her brows and lip. TotalCost for everything was $52. Plus if you  post a review on YELP, you get 10% off on your next visit.  It is in a great location inside the mall, lower level by Dillard's. They also carry OPI nail polish in every shade under the sun as well as all the best brands of hair care products. I was happy with the service and our experience here and would go back.
5	I haven't had a haircut that I love since I moved back to Arizona from Washington State in 1997. I was in the mall, saw a customer in Regis Salon getting her hair cut. She was almost finished and it looked awesome, and it was the same stacked look that I wanted. I stopped by and  found out the name of the stylist is Rayna Pehrson. I made an appointment. Went in and had the best haircut that I have had in years!!! The blowout was awesome, too. I will never go anywhere else, I think I have found the best in the East Valley! Thank you so much RAYNA!
5	I went in today to get a haircut and the person I dealt with was Rayna. She was great. I went in thinking I knew what I wanted and she gave me some advice which helped a lot. I am greatful that she made a suggestion because if she just did want I wanted I would have been very unhappy. Even though I like the haircut I am going back tomorrow because I think I want to go shorter lol its too hot out.. So if you check out this place u should ask for Rayna. Great Job :)
5	It's been over 6months since I've gotten a hair cut. And I recently came here 2 weeks ago to get a trim and honestly I was completely satisfied with my hair! (Which I'm never am due to stylist giving me a "basic" cut) but Mackenzie the hairstylist did a wonderful job not only do I love her but my friend also loves how she manages to take care of us and makes sure we get what we want. She's really nice too. The salon also has like a good welcoming atmosphere. I'm definitely coming back here! :)
