5	Great customer service and the food was fantastic! Had the sopapilla sizzle which I highly recommend, the rice was amazing and had a ton of flavor.
5	The CC Sizzle Sopapilla is like an Indian fry bread taco I had many years ago in Oklahoma. Meat is seasoned well and the Sopapilla was nice and fluffy. I also ordered the Bunuelos which my kids devoured in seconds, too bad this place closes so early, I could see this place being the go to munchy spot for all the "tobacco" smokers who frequent the smoke shop next door.
5	Came here to check out this business after my sister recommended it and said she wanted Nachos! The workers are so friendly and the food is yummy and delicious! Come out and support this business! We will be back for more. :) Thank you!
3	Came here for dinner. The inside was clean but they seem to have a few kinks to work out. One of the employees brought a menu and explained some of the food. The soda fountain wasn't working and I wasn't going to pay $1.25 for a bottle of water so the food was packed for take out instead of eating inside. The woman who took the order said they were having some issues getting the man out to hook up the machine. She also said they had a lot of delays in even opening at all. She seemed nice enough and appeared to mean well. Like I said they just have some kinks to work out.My wife purchased a yelp deal... $10 for $20 and even though they changed the deal to $5 for $10, they honored what was purchased. The tortillas here are weird. The texture and taste remind me of the shell they use on Gorditas at Taco Bell. It wasn't dry or anything but I didn't care for it. I like a more traditional tortilla. The quesadilla wasn't very good. It was a tad overcooked and the cheese was funky. The rice has a good taste... kind of like they maybe cooked it with chicken stock? It was good. The beans had a good flavor but not in the bean and cheese burrito. I think it goes back to the tortillas here I'm not find of. I had a sizzle taco and really liked it. It was different and the taco shell was great. We shared a big white fluffy sweet thing for dessert. The name I don't remember but it was damn good. It reminded me of something I would eat at a carnival or some sort of fry bread. I wouldn't drive far to eat here but when in the neighborhood I would stop by for sizzle tacos.
5	just went there for the first time.. got the combo burrito.. it came with 2 burritos and beans and rice.. really enjoyed the meal.. it was fresh and had little to no grease which was a big plus for me.. will be coming back regularly
5	Came here to eat while visiting family. I am hooked! The food is amazing especially the CC Sizzle. Everything here is homemade and there's nothing like it. I have been craving it since I returned home. The service was great too. Everyone was super friendly.  I wish we had a Cafe Casera here in Southern Oregon! Will definitely be back for more next time I am in Vegas.
5	We went here last week. I'm a huge fan of New Mexican food. It was great. We both got the CC Sizzle. We got the quesadilla for my two year old off the kids' menu.  Even that was really good. The tortilla was homemade. It was fresh and made to order. We'll be going back here often.
5	The food was great and the price was right. You can tell the owners really take pride in their food; they told us all about its New Mexico heritage. Overall, we enjoyed our visit.
4	I ordered the sopaipilla. It was recommended by the owner. It was very good! The meat was very tasty! I'm definitely going back!
4	Went back again for the Sopapilla and it was half the size as the first time I went! It was still good but it it was also not as flavorful. Maybe it's was a different cook. I also found that the internet has items on the menu that aren't available to order, that was a disappointment as I really wanted the chips with queso blanco and New Mexico green chiles. If this place wants to succeed they need to work on consistency, other than that I really like this place, hope they do well.
5	Excellent homemade Mexican food! Homemade chips, salsa, tortillas. Family owned and operated.
5	Tried this place after reading the fabulous Yelp reviews and we were not let down! Everything is homemade, even the tortillas, and you can taste that in every bite. The decor is simple, clean, and beautiful. It is a family owned restaurant and everyone is so nice! We will definitely be back :)
5	Seriously so delicious....we tried a little bit of everything and it was all so good. The salsa is delicious...the chips are coated in this red chili powder that add just the right amount of flavor. The sizzler burrito is amazing..the sizzler tacos were bomb..and the sizzler sopaipilla was next level. You need to try this if you haven't.
5	Food is AMAZING try the CC Sizzle sopapilla style, seriously FOODGASM! Fresh with tasty tortilla chips, meat, and sauce!!! So delicious, juicy, savory, and the sopapilla is soft yet crunchy. The food is SUPER filling!!! Be careful, your ass is going to be a fart bomb after eating this. Hahah!Ohhh in addition they give 20 percent off teachers and first responders :) Service is fantastic, they gave us a sample of the cc sizzle on a nacho prior, which is VERY RARE in food places nowadays! So thank you for that, a few nacho samples and we bought 4 orders and a dessert! Sopapilla dessert is yummy I wish they had ice cream (it's coming soon)! The gentleman was so nice!!!! Plus they had a cute little helper. I recommend you to go here if you like good food. If you like bad food, go to Taco Bell or something. Haha
5	Yummy! I had the cc sizzle sopapilla style. The beans are awesome, the rice good, the meat tasty with some spice.
5	Finally! I've lived in Las Vegas for ten years and have yet to find quality Mexican food. I've tried Cafe Casera twice and have been more than satisfied. Nothing in the valley compares to the quality and deliciousness of the restaurant. The enchiladas with green sauce are unlike anything else around. This is my new go-to for Mexican food!
4	Great Find.  Get a Sopapilla Today!  When I was growing up my Parents took me to a Mexican restaurant that specialized in Sopapillas.  Since we left that town I haven't seen one since.  This place has them and they are just as good as I remember.  It's kind of like a Chalupa but bigger and better.
5	Mmmm! All 6 of us left stuffed and happy! Everything here is fresh, from scratch, from the tortillas to the yummy, smokey corn chips. The family who owns the place is incredibly kind and accommodating. Honestly, I don't even like mexican food but the ingredients, service, and homey feel won me over. If I lived in Vegas, I'd be a regular.
3	This wasn't my favorite place, but it might be better for someone else. I guess give it a try...
4	Great new cafe! Very friendly and authentic environment! Would definitely recommend it and visit again! Thank you cafe casera!
4	Came here for lunch. Friendly service. Tried the CC Sizzle sopaipilla. Yum! The fry bread is good, I even liked the beans - I usually don't eat them. The cabbage on top adds a bit of sweetness. Friend liked the green chile sauce on hers. Good deal, wish the soda machine worked!Its a cool family run place - try it!
5	Hand down the BEST Mexican food I have ever had. I am from Southern California visiting my grandparents and no Mexican food at or near home even compares. I highly suggest you try this place. You will not be disappointed!
4	OK... So I'm actually writing this review while waiting for my food at this place. Obviously, this is pertaining to my first visit, which was yesterday. Considering I'm here again, it's already a given that my experience at this place is very good. Location -  this Mexican joint is located in a strip mall right next to a gas station, hair salon, and a brand new bar. Most of the businesses in this location are brand new and starting up. The strip mall itself is located in a residential area deep in the south side of town (Jones and Robindale) Restaurant - it's a little hole in the wall but the place is very inviting. Very simple and the staff (which I'm assuming is the family that owns it) is very friendly. They explained the menu and introduced me to their house specials. Food -  their house dishes are called "CC Sizzle" and you get to choose what style it comes in. You can get it in either nacho, burger, burrito, taco and their own house signature, the sopaipilla. All dishes come with rice and beans. Everything is made to order. They roll the dough in front of you and prepare their tortillas on site which is pretty cool. I had the burrito style during my first visit. It comes with 2 medium size burritos which is a huge meal  on its own right. I left very satisfied and stuffed... Just a heads up. The place has only been open for 2 months I believe and the owner told me they're still working on the little things. With that said, their drinks are a la carte ' at the moment from a little fridge behind the counter. They have a fountain machine set up but it's not yet operational. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone, especially if you're in the neighborhood. It's quick, fresh and food is delicious. If you're craving simple Mexican food, it's a go to spot.
5	This place truly could not be better. I came here for dinner with some family after reading some good yelp reviews. Upon entering, we were warmly greeted by the owner's father. He brought out chips & salsa for the table immediately and answered all of our questions about the menu. The food was insanely delicious - I had the CC Sizzle sopaipilla style. It was so good that I devoured the entire thing, which left me in a ridiculous food coma - but so so worth it. The rest of the family loved their meals as well. Before we left, the cook came out and placed warm sopaipillas covered in cinnamon on our table & said they were "on the house". Once again, delicious. As we were leaving, we paid & tipped our lovely waiter. Much to our surprise, he did not even want the tip! After some insisting though, he did kindly accept. He went above & beyond to make his son's customers happy and that alone was enough to bring us back here. Try this place - you won't be disappointed!
3	Today was our first time at Cafe Casera and everyone was very friendly and welcoming. I think there's a lot of potential, but there are a few things to iron out.We really like supporting mom & pop type restaurants and have been to Albuquerque on many occasions, so we're very familiar with New Mexican cuisine.We started off with chips & salsa, which had good flavor, but was a bit on the mild side for us. $3.25 for chips & salsa is a bit on the steep side as well considering the vast majority of restaurants offer them complimentary.We had the CC Sizzle sopapilla which was a little disappointing. The sopapilla was very dense and a lot more like Navajo fry bread than a light, fluffy and airy pillow of love that we've come to expect from a good sopapilla. Also, I was expecting a stuffed sopapilla, rather than it being folded taco style, with very little meat.The CC Sizzle meat was quite good and we really liked the flavors. However, for $8 I think it was really lacking in the quantity department and was pretty skinny for my liking. Look at my pictures, there is a little bit of meat below all that cabbage. We had them add Hatch green chiles, add $1, and would've liked a few more of those as well. The rice & beans were pretty standard fair.Worth going to? Yes, but I definitely think there is some room for improvement.
4	I purchased a groupon awhile back when they first opened and I'm finally getting around to using it. This place is located in a very small strip mall behind the gas station. The Christmas lights strung in the window is what caught my eye and led me here. We were warmly greeted by a husband and wife team. We were the only diners at the time, he gave us a very thorough run down of the menu items and had suggested the CC Sizzle, we picked Nacho Style. This was delicious. It was a blend of meat with onions, cabbage and cheese over their homemade tortilla chips. Our second item was the Green Chile Enchiladas, made with Hatch green chili's and chicken with creamy chili's sauce. I couldn't decide which one I liked more. We ended the meal with Sopaipillas. Probably one of the best I've ever tasted. I like mine with honey, and they had a few different types to choose from. This place is really casual. Even if you're dining in, your food is served in styrofoam to go container. The soda fountain wasn't working when we were there, bummer, I like a nice cold Coke when I'm eating Mexican food (only time I like soda). The owners were really nice, he was telling us all about where they're from in NM. I'm definitely planning to return and try some of their other dishes.
5	I am so happy I discovered this little gem as it is walking distance from my house. Everything here is fresh and made from scratch, but most importantly the family who owns the place is so sweet and passionate about what they produce.
2	Excellent rice. Really tough tortillas, hard to chew. CC Sizzle too spicy, made my nose run! Ok beans. Ok bunuelos. Very filling. Disappointing after reading all the good reviews. Maybe I just caught them on an off day? I wanted to like it after reading their history and finding out about the homemade tortillas and chips.
5	Deeeeeeeelish! I love this mom and pop place. Salsa is to die for! (Bit spicy but flavorful!) Staff is friendly, decor is cute, restaurant is clean. Totes gets 5 stars
4	Excellent! The CC Sizzle is delicious. I meant to share it with the hubby but it tasted so good ... I finished the whole thing! Hubby had the Chilaquiles. It was tasty but the eggs were scrambled so not my favorite. They make everything from scratch so we had to wait a bit for our food but it was worth it!
5	Recommended: traditional chicken tacos, green chicken enchiladasFinally some great Mexican that's close. The style is not like the typical Mexican around town. The owner said it was New Mexican style. As mentioned before, tortillas are handmade and delicious. We didn't order the CC Sizzle menu items this time, but the owner mentioned that it was their signature dish. We're looking forward to trying that next time.
5	This is definitely a unique Mexican food experience. Everything here is handmade which I learned today makes all the difference.  The flavors of everything were so intense and layered. Mom and pop owned for sure, a very friendly family. Prices were ridiculously affordable too. Must try!!!
5	CC Sizzle on a sopapilla was awesome.  Like a super flavorful puffy taco.  The wife had the chicken tacos and mentioned the fresh tasting corn tortillas.  We also got a cheese quesadilla and chips and salsa.  Everything was fantastic. Also, the guy and lady working there were super nice and polite the whole time, major points for that.  I'll be returning.
5	Love the place! So friendly, and they definitely make the money worth it! I'm not a fan of beans, but because of this place, I love beans now. Their dishes are a good enough portion for two. I get the CC Sizzle Nachos, but the rest of the CC Sizzle dishes are just as delicious. It just depends on your preference on how you want to eat it, whether in a burrito, tacos, etc... Great place! Went there on its first opening, and I come back all the time!
5	How did I miss this place?! We live up the street and order from Prima Pizza all the time but never saw Cafe Casera. This place is my type of spot. It doesn't overwhelm you with a huge menu but a few amazing New Mexican dishes. The first time I got a burrito, and now I am enjoying the amazing green chile chicken enchiladas! The tortillas are so fresh and the chips and salsa are delicious!! They are going to have to 86 me from here because I will be stopping by way too offen. Oh, if you like deserts and coffee you can stop in and get it as well! I like the decor its like a chill mix of coffee shop meets contemporary.  Cheap good quality food comparable to robertos prices and they deliver!
4	Another gem popped up in the SW :)  Family owned and operated, the food is described as New Mexican.  It's nice to have Mexican food that's a little nicer than the typical Roberto's style places around.
5	I won't rate a restaurant until I've tried it at least a couple times but this place is simply amazing. I've also been having them deliver to my work almost every other night since I can't leave the office. I can't stop, the food is so good! Friendly service, awesome food, simple menu. My kinda place. P.S. The delivery guys are always sooo nice, and super fast!
4	What a great local restaurant. I've had my eye on Cafe Casera for a while after hearing that a New Mexican restaurant has opened near me. The husband and wife behind the counter were friendly and happy to explain their menu when we walked in. They went into detail about their family recipes with pride, so we were excited once we ordered.The food was as good as we expected. Spicy and flavorful. I ordered the green chile chicken enchiladas and my fella had the CC sizzler on sopapilla. The homemade tortillas, chile and sopapillas were amazing. I can't wait to make this place a regular spot on my restaurant rotation. I'll be back again soon to try more of their menu.
5	I'm on an extended business trip and have a rental about a mile from here. I come in about every other day for very gratifying and deeply nourishing food. The people here are lovely and warm, the space is clean and bright. This is probably now my favorite place in Vegas and I'm happy to share it with you.
5	Great food!! Everything is made fresh, nothing pre-made. May take a while to get food as they cook to order. Try their desserts, again, freshly made.
5	CC sizzle burrito is delish- the meat is flavorful with a slight kick, not too spicy. The tortillas are freshly made and it's apparent. Great service, & friendly atmosphere.
5	This place is really incredible. Great New Mexican-style food, good prices, and very friendly service. The CC Sizzle "Burrito Style" is my favorite entree so far. You can't beat homemade tortillas this good!
5	Stop searching through yelp reviews and go here now. This incredibly flavorful New Mexican food is made from scratch and will blow you away. Don't come here expecting some typical Mexican joint regardless of a typical looking menu. This is a mom and pop restaurant with some seriously delicious recipes.
4	I just ordered here delivery with the eat24 app. I was pretty excited to see Mexican delivery. I really only wanted a snack as I am at the office working late and I will likely go home to dinner in a few hours. I ordered a cheese quesadilla and chips and salsa. The chips and salsa was kind of standard, salsa not bad, see myself ordering them again. The quesadilla however I probably won't eat again, and it is not because it was bad. They have these home made tortillas which I think most people may like, but it just was almost like a bread and for me I think it was to much bread. They came with some very awesome cheesy potatoes and refried beans. Big fan. This was a lot of food for the money. What great value. All in all my food was probably slightly less than 4 stars for my tastes, but I can't wait to try them again as i feel I would likely rate a different selection 5 stars. And they deliver!!!!
5	So good! Every bite is flavorful and the ingredients are good quality and fresh. Friendly family operated restaurant
5	absolutely delicious! family owned, the entire staff is very friendly!
5	The food we ordered tasted really good! We ordered cc sizzle and its a lot of good food for the money. The gentleman behind the counter is very nice, he explained the menu to us with pride. We will definitely come back!!
5	We just ate here and it is amazing. Fresh and cooked to order. Even went out of their way to cook something vegetarian for me. Very friendly. Will definitely go back.
4	Difficult to find! It's hidden away in the back of the plaza and could use a little more signage. I was happy I found it though! I ordered the CC sizzle nachos which was too much food for me! Very generous portion size, and came with a small side of rice and retried beans. The seasoning used on the meat is very flavorful and gives it a little kick (after eating a bit it builds and starts to get spicey). For the price point the portions are very generous, I will definitely be returning here!
5	Felt like some Mexican good so we turned to yelp for some help. It is pretty close to our office and had good reviews so decided to check it out. The food was delicious and all home made from scratch. The chicken burritos and sizzle burrito were both delicious. And so was the the chips and salsa. And if you check in you get free desert. Highly recommend
5	This place is so delicious I just had breakfast here, and it was great. Plus got a chance to get some work done at the same time since they have a hot spot for all their customers.
4	I love their CC Sizzle everything.  There's really something unique about it.  Been there twice in one week and I'm considering it again today.  Aside from the CC Sizzle, everything is fresh (salsa, tortillas, and chips).  You can really taste the quality in the food they prepare.  The company of their staff is very inviting.  I believe they are just starting out in business and I hope they are successful because I would be truly disappointed to not be able to eat there.
5	Had the CC Sizzle nacho style dude it's great. Going back soon! The cheese is so great. Rice is fresh & so are the beans. I love fresh homemade style. My new favorite place. Go here & fall in love
5	Amazing food and service. Home style New Mexico food.. Get the CC Sizzle, it's their signature dish and its awesome! Only downside is that they are only open Monday - Friday.
5	Excellent very flavorful, great service you can really tell they put pride into their food could tell that the meat was marinated and tortillas were homemade. I will be back for sure!
4	So great! The home style New Mexico chili was awesome on top of the cheese enchiladas.  Definitely going back for more!
4	The food and service is great. Everything tasted fresh, the prices were awesome and the staff was very friendly. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because I'm not big into chicken and I don't eat ground meat. I wish they had carne asada.
5	This place is family owned and they make you feel like family when you eat there!  Food is made fresh to order.  My kids REALLY love the powdered sugar sopaillas!  Definitley would recommend!
5	I am a sucker for Mexican food and any time I can't figure out what to eat it's my goto. I've always said it would be amazing to have a Mexican place that delivered and have never thought to look into it because you just don't see that often. After browsing on yelp for something new to try I came across cafe casera and saw that they delivered. I was so ecstatic that I looked no further and knew I had to try it. My food came super fast and is all extremely delicious. I ordered the chips and salsa and the chicken tacos and I really have no complaints at all! The pricing is great, food is great, and they deliver!!! I will definitely be ordering again!
5	Food was amazing!  Not a big fan of New Mexico food but this place definitely brought it on.  Had the chilaquiles with chicken for dinner and some of the Sizzle soapipilla.  Both packed so much flavor and the red sauce they used was spicy but not too much.  The sweet soapipillas were really good and were a good way to end dinner.  This place is a family run establishment and you can really tell they put a lot of time and love into their food. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.  It is a shame that they close so early.
5	This is the "hole in wall mexican spot" that is well hiddenCC is on the corner of Robindale and Jones behind a gas stationThey got the smallest sign and it's not a real sign it's a banner So searching for it can be challenging and if you feel lostIt's normal don't panic, finders are rewardedCC is New Mexico style mexican food which really doesn't mean Too much except that it's fresh and homemade comfort food It's a mom and pop place literally so they are kinda disorganized And the hours of 11-8 Monday thru Friday are unique to VegasBut it's all about the foodThe menu is pretty small but has some solid choices The chilaquiles are very authentic the tortillas are madeRight there by hand they have a dish called the Sizzle It's wrapped in puffy sopaipilla tortilla that's the one to orderI repeat order this one no matter what else you orderAlso there are sopaipillas with powdered sugar get regular size Not the mini ones.Cc is like being invited to a friends houseWhere the grandma does the cookingAnd you say to yourself if this was a restaurant I would go everyday I traveled 30 miles round trip for this food Its worth it
5	The food we ordered was BOMB! I will continue to eat here. Authentic! Straight from my hometown!....
4	Great Mexican food!  Some of the best I have had since I left California.  The sopapillas are killer.  We had chicken burritos and chicken enchiladas both were great the portions are big enough to share.  I will definitely be back!The delivery time was super speedy but I do live just down the road.  They were out of the drink I ordered so they called me to make a substitution even though I have an out-of-state number!  Great service.
5	Sooo good. Reminds me of my grandmothers food. We eat here at least once a week now. Love it!
4	PROS:  The food is amazing!!!!  The sizzle is delicious and the sauce outstanding!  Everything is fresh, homemade and delicious!!!All of the staff are super friendly and helpful.CONS:  The restaurant is very small and the staff if ill-equipped to handle spurts of business that may occur during a lunch rush.  I noticed a table's order get lost today.  I was there on my lunch break and would have had to leave without eating. Fortunately those guests were not on a time crunch like we were and we received our food in a timely manner.Additionally, I found a small piece of plastic in my food while I was dining.  I have worked in the service industry and understand how this happened and I am not mortified that it happened, however it is another indicator of the poor management and attention to detail that needs to be happening in a successful business.  I hope they get it together because the food is AMAZING!  and I will keep going back for the food.
5	We were pretty convinced this place didn't really exist, but after months of casually looking for it, I finally found it. As noted in a previous review, they only have a banner in place of the sign next to the dry cleaners.My whole family came in, and we all loved the food here. It is more American style Mexican, but delicious American style Mexican! The chips and salsa were great, although there weren't enough chips for the salsa. I think it'd be nice if these were complimentary for dine in customers, especially since it takes quite a bit of time for them to make the food. No one else came in during our visit, but they did seem to be very busy with delivery orders.I had chicken tacos, and the style kind of reminded me of what you'd see at a buffet, except buffet tacos are disgusting, and these had great flavor with high quality chicken. Others in my group got enchiladas, which they enjoyed, and my niece got a bean and cheese burrito, which she complained about, but that may have just been because she was in a rush to get dessert. Strangely, there was something funny about the taste of the burrito, which made no sense since I liked the beans, I loved the tortillas, and the only other ingredient was cheese. Maybe there was some kind of sauce added in that made it taste different than expected.The tortillas were amazing, probably the best I've had in town. I don't live nearby, but I'd travel here just for those. We also got complimentary sopaipillas, which everyone loved. Service was good and very friendly.My only suggestion would be to invest in some plates, even if they're styrofoam or plastic, for dine in customers. Six of us eating out of takeout containers was a mess with the lids falling into each other's food.I would also prefer they be open on weekends and maybe until 9:00 on weekdays, but they've already experimented with hours and said that business is very slow during the hours I wish they had. Oh, well, maybe in the future as they get more popular.This isn't the place to go if you're craving that unique meal you had at a hole-in-the-wall in Puebla, but for your standard Mexican fare, Cafe Casera is fantastic with great flavors and constant freshness.
5	The green chile enchiladas were the best I've had. Ignacio's hospitality reminded me of the type of hospitality we used to strive for at my old restaurant. Excellent food and hospitality. Did I mention the best enchiladas I've ever had?
