4	Wow! I'm shocked. No reviews of this place yet? The Walking Company, located in the Fashion Show Mall, was where I needed to stop when we were in Vegas last month. My flip flops just weren't cutting it. My feet and back were killing me from all the walking! The employee who helped us, I think his name was Jamie, was totally cool. Made great suggestions about what would work best for my problems. In the end he recommended a pair of Mephistos. Oh my god! I felt 100 times better walking around in those shoes on the Strip. And they look pretty cute too! Definitely going to go back for my next pair of shoes. Perfect place for those of us who can't handle heels or have back /feet problems or just prefer to be comfortable! And I'm glad there is one up here in San Francisco!
4	This is actually a 3 1/2 star review - but I didn't feel right only clicking 3 stars.  So the rating says 4 stars, but it's truly 3.5.  So, buying shoes in Vegas is kind of a tradition for me.  We visit once a year and I always like to buy new shoes.  I think it's because we're on vacation and buying stuff is more acceptable on vacation than at home...who knows.Anyway, I stopped in The Walking Company because they sold Dansko's and I've been extremely interested in Dansko's for awhile now.  I work in the food industry and am on my feet pretty much all day.  There was no one else in the store so I was helped immediately.  I browsed through the Dansko's and picked out the style I wanted to try.  The sales associate decided to "electronically" measure my feet - they plugged this pad into a computer, I stood on it and it told them all kinds of information.  Snazzy.He picked out my size shoe, I tried them on and immediately fell in love.  The associate showed me how they were made and why they were good for the feet and all that fun stuff, but I didn't care.  My feet were happy and I knew I was going to buy them.So, the reason why they lost 1 1/2 stars?  Well, the associate kept trying to upsell me to another shoe brand even though I had already decided to purchase the Dansko's.  I felt this was a little rude.  Especially considering I told him that I wanted the shoes and had someone waiting for me and was ready to go.  Also, he had me wait a bit once I had already said I wanted the shoes so he could help someone on the phone.  Not sure but I think the customer in the store takes priority over the customer on the phone.  Or they should.  Luckily, the shoes really sold themselves and I wanted them or else I would have bailed.  And I was impressed by this store being so technologically advanced with their sweet electrical foot measure tool.   So, 3.5 stars - good shoes, OK service.
4	The BF is on the quest for more comfy shoes for his new job. Regular shoes ain't cutting it and he thought he used to walk a lot before, but now it's just killing him. They have you step onto a pad that reads your foot pressure so they can suggest shoes and insoles based on evening out those pressure points. Kinda cool. The insoles were uncomfortable, but she was explaining that when your foot has never hit pressure on other points, it's going to feel odd and sensitive. In a way, you have to break in the foot to step in a different way. The girl was super friendly, detailed and no pressure. The BF wanted to continue searching and researching what is best for him to get the pressure off his back so we didn't grab shoes then, but I think it's a good spot for comfort shoes. It's not cheap as the shoes were $150ish and the insoles were $60, but comfort is a invaluable thing.
4	Carries Zealand brand shoes, love those Z-rocks (grey with lime green, on the straps), worth the price. When it comes to shoes, I can't be cheap. I've got high arches, and I need shoes that address those issues or I've got to wear orthotic inserts (and it doesn't work with sandals in the summertime). Lots of shoes for people who do not mind spending extra dollars on shoes that will last and perform. Some brands that are here- womens: Dansko, Zealand, Abeo, Taos, Umberto Raffini, UGG, Birkenstock, Naot, Mephisto, Sofft, Ecco, The Walking Company. Styles of womens shoes include: sandals, casual, walking, clogs, dress, athletic, boots, etc. TIPS:  (1) sandals go on sale during summer. (2) The nice thing about being on the mailing list, is sometimes there are promotional coupons (required purchase, but sometimes, nothing is required) from time to time. Once, it was a Zealand fleece scarf; choice of three prints. Service is really good. Sales staff take your foot measurement and email you the scan that shows your issues/needs.
