4	Much better food than the more hyped Different Point of View.  They have a killer brunch with an incredible selection.
3	While staying at The Pointe Hilton Tapatio, we decided to eat here for our anniversary dinner. To sum it up, I've had everything better somewhere else. Nothing blew my socks off. Hubby is eating mostly vegetarian right now (due to a health concern), and he did really like his "wild mushroom" rigatoni. We weren't sure what was so "wild" about criminis and portobellos, but the pasta was in a light sauce with plenty of other veggies. His French Onion Soup was better at Capital Grille, my antipasto plate was far better at Craftsteak, and my ribeye was far better at 1130. They did serve a neat wedge of au gratin potatoes- multiple paper thin cheesy slices cut into a triangle. The gins are standard, but Hubby had a nice Bonny Doon Riesling. The free anniversary creme brulee was on the runny side, the vanilla was indiscernible, and the sugar crust was too thick- Ruth's Chris still wins that one in my book. Did I feel dinner was worth $120? Not so much.The service at dinner was great, and it was fine at breakfast. Again, everything was decidedly mediocre and way overpriced. I've had a better Belgian waffle at IHOP, my bacon was limp, and the coffee not what I would expect from the Hilton. Hubby's BLT breakfast bagel was better.Come on, Hilton! Is this the best you can do?
1	I came here with a group of 12 on Saturday morning for breakfast. We all arrived at separate times and agreed that the signs directing you to the restaurant were confusing. All of us got lost, but the detours enabled us to tour the beautiful resort. The Pointe Tapatio is gorgeous, wonderful cliffs, great design... Now if only the restaurant could improve..Once we were all seated we waited (and waited and waited) to order. The server appeared to take our drink order, perhaps not realizing we had been sitting there for over half an hour and were prepared to order food as well. When he finally returned we were salivating hyenas, yet still more than half the table were unhappy with the meal placed before them.While we waited an eternity for our food to arrive I looked around the restaurant and noticed how dirty it was. There were 3 separate tables where it looked as though they spilled a pitcher of ice on the floor and didn't bother cleaning it up. We actually saw a busser carrying a tray full of glasses with OJ spilling all over the floor, we called it out to our server but he was nonplussed and took no action.On to the food:My personal experience was the best. I ordered an egg, ham and cheese bagel, they brought it out cold with the cheese unmelted. I asked the waiter to have the cooks throw it under the broiler, he rolled his eyes and took my plate. When he brought it back it was still cold and instead of melting the cheese they removed it.. Message here.. If you complain "No cheese for you!" At this point my party had finished eating so I ate the cold $12 bagel. Pointe in Thyme was a major bummer and very overpriced, I will not return nor recommend it to others.
4	We ate here for Sunday brunch while staying at the resort and I was very impressed all the way around.
1	I wish I could give it no stars. I had lunch there, and the service was terrible. I don't think I ever got a refill on my drink. Also, I went with 6 people and not one person liked their overprice food. The fish tasted like it had been soaked in grease and had no flavor, the soup tasted like someone just threw tomatoes in the blender and there was just nothing good about the place. Skip it, even if you have a free voucher from the hotel.
2	Difficult to find.  Annoying bar setup with mostly garbage Bud/Miller/Coors products like Blue Moon, and they had the nerve to serve me a Guinness in a frosty glass.  Service was a bit slow.  Prices were reasonable though.  Old building on the outside but decent inside.
1	My wife and I had lunch here yesterday. The food was so salty it was almost inedible. Expensive sodium! Don't bother.
2	Stayed at the hotel for 4 days. We ate breakfast here everyday and one dinner. The dinner left a lot to be desired. I ordered filet medium and it came out all red not medium. Waitress blamed it on st. Pats day specials. My daughter ordered a pasta and vegetable dish being vegan with oil on the side. It came all mixed together not on side.  Short order cook who does all eggs was fantastic! My wie ordered eggs benedict from kitchen rather tan wait in line for cooked to order.  They were just warm. This place needs to do a better job!
1	Meh, for sure. Since we were staying at the hotel we thought we'd pop over for a drink and light app. What a weird space! Here we are, in the middle of a desert with gorgeous views, land, and sky to see, and this dungeon is what we have available to us.Service was fine. The bartendress was nice. The food selection sucked, and our cheese platter was sub-par. What a waste of space.
3	I think I stepped into a time machine and ended up back in the 1960's... This place reminds me of an old steak house from the 1960's... dark wood panel walls, semicircle cushy booths lining the walls, leaded glass windows and doors, wait staff wearing jackets.... all they're missing are women wearing A-line ankle-length dresses and pearls!Oh wait.... I think I spoke too soon...The food... uh... well, it is a hotel restaurant.  Translation: expensive and can be disappointing.  We visited on 2011-05-21 for dinner during restaurant week in Phoenix.  The special was one appetizer, an entree, dessert, and a glass of house wine for a fixed price.  As far as appetizers go, the calamari was good - lightly battered, warm, fresh.  The shrimp skewers were very disappointing; 3 shrimps standing up like feathers mounted on cubes of cucumbers.  Looked good.... until you realize that it is cold (looks hot), overcooked, and it's literally just 3 shrimps on this huge plate.  Not a good start.... but the glass of wine helps dull the senses...The entree - we went for the steaks and fillet mignon.  Both were good size portions, properly cooked, but nothing special to write home about.  I've had better at other places in town.  I have to say the fillet mignon was nicely done; without it, I'd have dropped to 2 stars.  Dessert -  we went for the lava chocolate cake.  Warm chocolate center flows out when you cut into the cake... it made up my shrimp appetizer.  Overall, I have mixed feelings about the experience.  Food had some good points and some bad points, but the price point - if not for the restaurant week special deal, it would have been a letdown.  The ambiance is cold and dark - I think someone else mentioned dungeon?  This is a fancy dungeon from the past... how do I get back to the future?
3	I'm surprised at the amount of bad reviews!We ended up here on a Sunday morning for the breakfast buffet.It has a lovely old feel..dark paneling and booths. I think I would have enjoyed that more for dinner, with a roaring fire in the winter. For a sunday morning, it was really dark.The buffet was really good. You can't really mess up breakfast. A nice selection and friendly service.$16 was pricey but i think pretty typical for a breakfast buffet at a hotel.
5	I truly don't understand the bad reviews for this place.  I almost didn't go during Restaurant Week because the reviews were so bad.  This is the one time I've been to a restaurant where the yelpers were way off base (of course with only 13 reviews as of when I write this, maybe this place doesn't get a lot of foot traffic).  I went with a group of friends here during Restaurant Week and we didn't regret it at all.  Yeah, the place is kind of a time warp with a very old school steakhouse feel, but the food and service both spoke volumes about this place.The biggest thing that drew us here was that during restaurant week, they don't just give you a few choices amongst the different courses.  They let you select from their ENTIRE menu!  Huge points to management for that one.  For appetizers we each ordered something different.  I ordered the caprese salad (good mozzarella) and one of my friends got a crab fondue that was incredible.  For the main entree, I got the veal and sage ravioli.  Very fresh, artful presentation and generous portion.  And for dessert the chocolate volcano brownie was a perfect way to top off the meal.  As great as the food was, our server was awesome.  She was an elderly gal (can't remember her name), but she was warm, energetic, and very helpful with the menu.  Made the experience that much more enjoyable.Again, don't really understand all the negative reviews I've seen thus far, and perhaps the restaurant had its A game just for restaurant week.  But the place was busy and it sure seemed like everyone enjoyed it as much as we did.  I pretty much went in with low expectations, but was very pleasantly surprised with this place and how they took restaurant week to another level.  Still want to try Different Pointe of View on the other side of the resort at some point, but Pointe in Tyme was a smash hit with this foodie.
2	2.5 Stars is my rating for this Restaurant.Was staying at the resort for a coference and choices of where to eat were limited so I assumed this restaurant would be top noch as it was one of the only restaurant opens on the resort.No so my fellow yelpers, not so.The staff (particularlly the waitress) was amazing! She deserves 5 stars.The food was just okay, felt like I have gotten everything better else where.The salmon was okay, a little over cooked and the buger was just okay. I have nothing more constructive to add then JUST OK.
3	While the staff was excellent, the food and beverages were highly average. We had wings, tomato & mozzarella, burger and salads. The wings had a pomegranate BBQ sauce, which was good. The bill came to $24. I think the Hilton Tapatio staff are exceptional, but the food here lacks imagination. Not overly memorable.
5	Loved it. Huge over the top wood work, beautiful. Sat at the bar service was amazing.
2	Better to venture off property than have dinner here. It's expensive and our meal was completely forgettable. The kids had burgers which were basic. I had scallops and fettuccine which was uneven. Scallops were cooked to perfection and were really enjoyable. The pasta was seriously undercooked.  The pork shank with fig reduction was overcooked, dry and chewy and way too sweet.
4	We decided to try this place for restaurant week as they allow you to choose ANY app, entree, and dessert from their menu PLUS a glass of wine for $30. Not a bad deal! We've been to the property before at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio and been to Different Point of View, their other restaurant. This place didn't have the same view but was still very nice inside. It's also built on the side of this mountain so the layout is more vertical with a high bar in the center and table seating below. The decor looks more classic, not hip or trendy, with dark wood, somewhere I expect to see my parents eating.We found the staff very friendly. From the hostess to our server to the food runners, everyone was great. On our servers recommendation we started with the Thai chili calamari and Farmers salad. Both were very good, although the Farmers salad was way too filling for an appetizer. This is more of a lunchtime meal for me as it was topped with avocado and cubes of fontina cheese. I begun to realize nothing would be "light" here.For our entrees we ordered the shrimp pasta and the scallops risotto. Both were especially tasty yet loaded with melted butter. The decadence was filling to say the least and I got full quick......but somehow not full enough to pass on dessert. Now how can I be full on regular food but still have room for a whole dessert? Mystery. We ordered the deep dish apple pie with cinnamon ice cream and the chocolate volcano cake. That's right, sweet cinnamon ice cream............melty chocolate cake............excuse me while I daydream...........
5	restaurant week...yay! our first stop in this bi-annual event and it was not disappointing. i will have to say, for someone who doesn't get this far away from the house to eat out, it is a bit tricky to find the restaurant. we entered the first entrance to the resort on which this restaurant is located and drove around for a good 10 minutes. went up the hill, then down the hill. to the pool area and back. a staff member said "follow the signs" which we tried but only ended up back at the entrance. finally called from the property and were directed appropriately. the layout inside is very big. it felt cozy, kind of like a ski lodge with lots of dark wood and mood lighting. the bar sits up high and the restaurant is below. i ordered the calamari and it was cooked just how i like it...ever so slightly chewy, but tender enough to not wear out my jaw. then the scallop dish which was delicious with the risotto. i'm not a risotto connosieur but it tasted great to me. for desert, i ordered the chocolate volcano cake but absolutely could not finish...my taste buds said yes, my belly said no. the food is heavy....heavy on the butter and richness. i was full after my entree, but with the wonderfulness of restaurant week, i just simply had to get a desert. my wife enjoyed her farmers salad but it was very large and she had to save room for the rest of the meal; the shrimp pasta and apple pie with ice cream. all of which she loved but also said was very heavy and filling. i enjoyed my meal. doubtful i could afford to eat here normally. but our service was fantastic from the concierge to the food runners to our server. a great night out.
4	Pointe in Tyme's Restaurant Week menu is what brought me in this spring. With the option of choosing any appetizer, entree, dessert AND an accompanying glass of wine--my girlfriends and I couldn't say no. I started with the mac and cheese. It was a generous size and served alongside grilled wild boar sausage. I chose the Florentine Ravioli for my main course. I really enjoyed this dish, especially the braised short rib and arugula on top. Definitely a good sized meal for one person--I ended up taking mine home for lunch the next day. For dessert I chose the flourless chocolate cake. This was probably my least favorite part of the meal, but that could possibly be because my friends ordered the creme brulee and carrot cake so I instantly had buyers remorse when I ordered my mine. It was a small portion, but packed an incredibly chocolate-y punch. Our server was friendly and helpful, giving us her personal favorites as recommendations. The ambiance was quiet, and the decor was a little vanilla--but overall a great dining experience.
1	We have been coming here for years, loved the food and the ambience...until tonight. This was suppose to be a special night out for our daughter before she headed off to college. We decided to sit in the bar area..bad idea if you want to be served food quickly. We ordered our dinner at 6:00....at 6:35 our waitress came by to apologize for how long it was taking...apparently there was a private party with 60 people in the area next to us and the food was taking a while. That was a little hard to believe as there was a family of 5 sitting in the restaurant area who got bread and were served long before us...and we didn't get any bread. Our food finally arrived at 6:45. My daughter and I ordered the salmon, my husband-the steak. The salmon was supposed to have a citrus marinade..no citrus flavor was to be found, and it was very dry. My husband's steak was so over done and dry, he didn't even want to bring the leftover home to our dog. We expressed our disappointment to the waitress-who was very nice and apologized..she mentioned the chef is new and we are not the first people to complain about the food. We did get a small discount for the meal, but unfortunately, will not be back.
3	A decent steak in a location that is in dire need of an update.  Also, a nice and denser then average creme brulee.
3	Nice bar areaDark wood, cigars availEh, on the beers.  Really, u need to increase your beer selectionDrinks r good, but fresh juice would be mucho better, shows class i think Drinks r expensive, so is foodBut its mostly for guests who can afford it, and "gofers" (golfers)
4	The husband and I have been here 2 times now. First time we ordered the grilled artichokes and mac'n'cheese as an appetizer. The artichokes were amazing! They came with this aioli type dipping sauce that had a great tangy flavor. The mac'n'cheese was really good and came with a boar sausage on top. The portion was huge, so we took it home as a next day lunch. For dinner, the husband ordered the braised short ribs with horseradish whipped potatoes and they were AWESOME! Super tender beef and the potatoes had a great kick that melded well with the beef. I ordered the sea scallops which came with a corn risotto. The scallops were extremely tender and delicious. The husband and I kept eating off of each other's plates, both were so good. For dessert, the husband ordered a flourless chocolate cake. He loved it, and it was good, but not my favorite. The second time we came back with my father-in-law and all three of us ordered the braised short ribs. Definitely a delicious choice. We live down the street and have a Tapatio resident card, which allows us 20% off the menu. This is a great deal, since it can get pricey. While the ambiance is a little older inside, the patio is really nice and I'd recommend sitting out there is the weather allows.
4	good food / great service
3	The not as fancy but still tasty younger sibling on the resort, you'll find quality food at reasonable prices to enjoy.I was able to partake in their breakfast buffet bar for two morning, and definitely enjoyed not only the wide variety of food, but also the decent quality of everything served.  Tray were consistently refilled to be fresh, and the service was spot on ensuring our glasses were filled and whatever extra we needed were taken care of.  Stopped in on the last day for lunch, and enjoyed a decent burger, but more intriguing was their presentation of their fries.  They serve in little fry basket!  (Yes, what you would imagine at McDonald's when they fry their fries, but muuuuch smaller).  Smart presentation, very neat to see.  My coworkers pizza didn't like that extraordinary, but I"m also somewhat of a pizza snob/aficianado nowadays...Verdict:  If you're on the resort and need a bite, worth visiting.  Otherwise, save your dinner for the big sibling "A Different Pointe of View" if you can afford it.  Far more fanciful and spectacular.
4	Had family dinner here and ha the Rib Eye Steak which was prepared as requested. Generous portion served. Did not feel like having the blue cheese mash potatoes (did not sound like a great combo) that it came with and the waitress substituted it for veggies with no problems. Overall the food experience was very good.The ambiance was either retro 80's or they may need a little update.Entered the main entrance to the resort and could not find any signage for the pointe in tyme but found it after driving around a bit.
4	I stay here a lot when I am in Phoenix and the Pointe In Tyme is not only the closest restaurant but also makes the room service food.  I have eaten here ALOT.  I know the menu by heart.  That said, the niceness of the staff, especially the bartender, Tim, and the consistently good food are what made me give such a high rating.  I usually eat in the bar and when there is a game (almost always) it can get pretty rowdy, but there is always the rest of the restaurant if that bothers you.  My favorite items are the filet mignon (which I only had once because I would big as a house if I ate like that all the time), the grilled salmon (always cooked perfectly), and the ahi tuna tostadas.  The chicken street tacos are also very good.  It is a full bar so you can get pretty much whatever you want, and there is a kind of neighborhood bar feel to the place when it isn't high season and full of tourists.  I have also eaten breakfast here, and the buffet is pretty good, especially when they whip out the little cocktail glasses with peeled grapefruit segments and mint (to die for), but that is not something they consistently have.  Pricey for breakfast, but overall still a surprisingly good restaurant for a hotel.
2	I am staying at the Tapatillo Cliffs Resort for the week and took my wife for dinner at the Pointe because we'd eaten here in the past and had decent meals.  In doing this I broke my own rule, which is to avoid hotel restaurants.  I hate to say it but either the restaurant was having a bad night or has fallen significantly in quality over the past several years.  My beer was warmish, my wife's salad which looked good was missing a key ingredient promised on the menu, my entree (chicken & pasta) was bland at best, the service was poor, and even the dessert wasn't very good!Given the number of good reviews, I'm guessing the main chef was off for the day but I'm still going to pass on returning to the restaurant for the rest of the trip.  Of course, in breaking my own rule, I guess I deserved what I got!
3	I'm wavering between a 3 and 4 star review here. On food alone? 3 stars. I ate the breakfast buffet one morning and had the fruit plate another morning. As far as breakfast options go, this is really your only choice when staying at the hotel other than room service. The breakfast buffet was limited and not that fresh. The omlette bar was tasty and worth it, but that was about it. (I mean...they had oatmeal--a breakfast staple in a hotel buffet--but it was pretty much a congealed block.)The thing that makes me tempted to give 4 stars? Well, both times we ate here the server asked us if we wanted an additional coffee in a to-go cup on our way out. Okay, that may seem like a little thing--but it's *such* a nice and thoughtful touch. Aside from that it was utterly mediocre. It's NOT *bad* food or anything--just meh.
5	Mothers Day Brunch was awesome from the lamb comps, prime rib, crab legs, Belgium waffles, bacon, omelette, shrimp, sausage and orange juice. Great service and totally stuffed to the point where we could barely move afterwards.
4	I came here for dinner for restaurant week. It was awesome, good food, great environment, and excellent service.I had the fried calamari, scallops, and creme brulee, and a glass of chardonnay, all together was 30 dollars. My boyfriend had crab cake, ribeye, and apple pie with chardonnay as well. the fried calamari was good, i would prefer it to be a a little bit more crispy though. ' Scallops tasted fishy, but again we are in arizona and fresh seafood is just not an option. They did a good job making sure it is tasty and tender. The pasta that comes with it is just mediocre though, a little bit salty for my tasty. Creme brulee was really good with the crispy top. The crab cake was tasty, i like the beans that comes with it. Ribeye was a little bit more cooked than i prefer, but it is juicy, tender, and flavorful. Apple pie was too sweet though.So the food there was pretty decent and pretty much meets all my expectations. The service was wonderful though, the manager and our server keeps on checking on us every few minutes, yet give us enough space to have private discussions.The atmosphere was good, however, they music was a little bit off for the environment.
2	I went here after a late flight from Denver, as it was the only restaurant at our hotel that was really open, and we did not want snacky food. Let's just say the food was definitely lacking. I ordered a burger and it pretty much tasted like a hockey puck it was so burnt. Maybe try it Medium instead of Medium well next time? Scratch that I probably wont be going back next time I am in Phoenix, The service was OK but I have experienced better. I would not recommend this place, but if it is the absolute only place and someone else was paying I would not pass it up.
1	Horrible service! Our waiter took 25 minutes to greet us and the busser apologized 3 times.  The busser was great but you could tell very frustrated.  I tipped the bus boy $20 just to make a point to the waiter and manger that the bus boy needs to replace the waiter.  Steak fries came and were uncooked.  Kathy the manager was very nice as well and could tell I was disappointed in the place.  Spend the extra money and eat at the restaurant up top of the resort.  The only reason we came here was because we were with kids and thought this would be more appropriate.
3	Pointe in Tyme is a very attractive large restaurant set in one of Phoenix's many fine resort hotels. My wife and I had dinner there on a Saturday evening at approximately 6 PM. We were promptly greeted and seated at a large banquette. We did note that the restaurant was quite full. A very friendly waitress arrived promptly and took our order for our appetizer and a drink. She complimented us on our choice of calamari and said it was one of the chef's specialties. The calamari arrived after a ten minute wait but we rejected it as it was tough and chewy. When we rejected it, the waitress asked if we would like to try something else and relied upon our memory of what was on the menu rather than telling or showing the menu. We selected the eggplant caponata bruschetta. Meanwhile I waited on my beverage. After another five minutes the waitress came back and said that the bar was out of Bacardi and had to go the storeroom to get some. After another ten minutes, the drink arrived, a rum and coke, with no garnishment such as lime or lemon.After a total wait of fifteen minutes, or so, the eggplant caponata bruschetta arrived. It did appear to us as since this was a replacement order, it could have been served with a little more dispatch. The order was very good, if different, with golden raisins in the caponata which made it a little oversweet. While we were enjoying the bruschetta, the entrees arrived. Rather than returning the entrees to the kitchen to await our readiness, the entrees were dropped off at the far end of the table.(It should be noted at this time, the restaurant was staffed with wait staff, servers, a water person, and bus people, and others, moving around the dining area with great dispatch.)When we were done with the bruschetta, we had to clear the serving plate and appetizer dining plates and relocate entrees to our end of the table.My wife had ordered the Chipotle Brown Sugar Short Ribs and I ordered the Sea Scallops. According to our waitress, the short ribs had been marinated for 48 hours and were indeed soft and tender and did not really need a knife to manage. It came with whole glazed carrots and a little horseradish mashed potatoes. My wife did enjoy all except for the carrots. The sea scallops were served with a basmatti rice and, again, a little dab of spinach. Four large scallops along with the accompaniments were served in a huge bowl with a wide two to three inch rim and appeared to be lost in the serving. The preparation and taste was excellent.We finished our meal sharing a deep dish caramel apple pie with cinnamon ice cream and coffee. The ice cream and apples were excellent but I did think the dough was slightly undercooked and I am still trying to figure out what makes a pie "deep dish." Certainly not the plate on which it was served. The coffee was excellent.We went to the restaurant thanks to a TravelZoo offer of $60 for $30. Our total bill including tip came to $32 (including one alcoholic drink) plus the $30 prepayment. Our (self-calculated) tip was based on the gross amount of the bill (before the credit). Our final analysis - okay but definitely not great. Not sure if the coupon affected our service. When we arrived, the staff asked if this was a special occasion and my wife replied that it was my birthday. No special action was taken by the staff.
4	We are here once for dinner and then the next day for breakfast since we did a mini stay-cation at the Hilton with 18 holes at the lookout golf club.Dinner: 3 starsWe were seated for about 10 minutes before a bus-girl came to give us water and asked if we wanted bread.  We placed our drink and food order together- he got a draft  xx lager and the burger w fries.  I ordered the short ribs but they were sold out at the time (8:15).  I got the market salad instead since the menu was so limited.  Our server Colleen offered to have them add a salmon filet which I did.  I also had a glass of lost angel wine, I think a cab or Pinot?  The wine was good but I would have gotten a white wine with the buttery flavor of the salmon in retrospect.  My hunny got his burger medium well instead of medium though The patty did not seem hand pressed, so NOT amazing.  My salmon salad was good, generous with spinach, baby green beans, fontina, tomatoes, and the salmon atop was cooked nicely and had a crispy outer which was yummy!  We had the carrot cake which was ok- wish the sides had frosting!  The flavor was not too sweet and definitely homemade.  My hunny did not like the crunchy bits on top though I was fine with it.Breakfast: 5 starsWe were seated one booth over from the night before.  We were greeted quickly by a super nice gal and she explained the buffet to us. My got the breakfast burrito and I did the buffet.  I got a plate of pineapple, honeydew, strawberries, made a Greek yogurt parfait with almonds and walnuts, and grabbed a muffin and croissant.  The pastries were delicious! His burrito was huge and presented really nicely with yummy garlic potatoes, 2 salsas, a grilled tomato and a baby asparagus.  It seems as if they may have been understaffed for dinner though breakfast was better.Overall I rate the restaurant at 4 stars based on our 2 experiences.
4	We had purchased the Romance package at the resort which included in room breakfast or breakfast at this restaurant. We decided to walk to the restaurant and it was worth the time. We had the brunch and it was very good. The fruit and food selections were fresh and tasty! I live in the area and will be back for this brunch! Service was very good as well and the restaurant looked very clean to me.
5	We were a party of 14 on New Years Eve! We had a great time with no complaints. The service was impeccable! The food was excellent! Our party ordered from the NYE menu. I had the clam chowder, a porter house steak, and a lava brownie. The porter house steak was cooked to perfection!Everything tasted great! We are definitely coming back!
3	I came in, just needing a drink and a light dinner.  I was talked into the bar burger, not very hard as it looked good.  Service was great, bar tenders curtious, and food was good, but burger was over cooked.  Glad to see people in here on a Monday night.  Nice location, with a good looking menu.
5	Rick is the best bartender in AZ!  Food is delicious and the restaurant has great ambience.  Entry says Breakfast and Brunch, but I recommend dinner...
5	We came here for their Easter buffet and it was delicious. All the food was good, a rarity for a buffet, usually they're hit or miss. The ham with apple compote was soo good, and their grilled veggies were so flavorful....I'm drooling thinking about it. This place is far for me, but I will be back for another buffet, its worth the trip!
2	Great service, food and atmosphere! That was until someone walked up to the table and placed a brochure about fat weight loss on our table right in front of us. Not sure if they have this service at the hotel or what.
3	Good service. Beautiful interiors. Ate there for breakfast. Ordered the egg white scramble with gluten free bread. $14 and it was tiny and as good as any diner. All the ordered breakfasts at my table were tiny and just okay. Nice breakfast buffet though but Not worth the price in my opinion. Cool location though.
3	This place is good if you are staying at the resort and need a meal.  On its own it is not a destination to seek out.  That said if you are there and want breakfast get the Arizona Eggs. They are poached eggs with chorizo, black beans, cumin and other spices served on top of a fried native American flat bread.  They are heaven!!!
3	We dropped in for lunch while here for a conference, the server was nice and attentive.  I had the seared ahi tuna tostadas, and they were fantastic!  The only reason they did not get 4 stars is the the bar tender/server/ busser was the same person and the kitchen took a while to get our food out.  We had to eat very quickly to make our next meeting (we alotted 1&1/2 hours to eat).  Otherwise, this was a great place.
3	Had breakfast here...pretty good food. Kids ate free with adult meal or buffet purchase. Kind of pricey otherwise. Good service and able to accommodate large groups!
4	Pointe in Tyme is so close to having great food but needs to elevate their side dishes and decor just a bit. They have a prime location at the Tapatio Cliff Hotel but they need just a touch of refinement to become one of their premier restaurants. Came in with a group of ten and the service was very good. Server was attentive and thorough. We ordered mac n cheese, calimari, and ahi tuna. Adding crab or lobster to mac n cheese would make more sense than chicken macaroni and cheese as it doesn't seem sufficient as an appetizer for a group. I had the flat iron steak with chimichurri. It was delicious! I would definitely recommend it but potato skins were straight out of a chain restaurant. Again, so close, needs a taste elevation.
4	We went for breakfast and elected to order their buffet breakfast.  This includes fresh fruits . Yogurts . Donuts pastries oatmeal  eggs sausage and bacon . They also include made to order omlet . Their is also a large selection of fruit juices . The selection is always fresh and the waitress were very attentive
