5	Do you like Pizza? I mean  tomatoey loaded with pepperoni old school pizza with enough cheese to choke on? No fancy crap, no special toppings. Just straight-up awesome Pizza that makes you drool just by opening the box. Can't wait to see the rest of the menu.
4	Great pizza! You can't go wrong.
3	Great pizza and the restaurant is ok too. They have some really good veteran servers too! Too bad they don't deliver to Nun's Island.
5	Best Pizza ever.... End of sentence. Nothing in Toronto has come close in my opinion.
4	Good pizza, not the best that I've eaten. Personally I love a good pizza, Woodland definitely satisfies that craving. Although I would not put it up there with the best pizza that I have eaten, it's probably in my top 5. In you live in the Verdun/Ile-des-Soeurs area you have to make this your go to pizza place because there is none better.
1	I'm not prone to over-emphasis, but I firmly believe that my dinner at Woodland restaurant was the worst dining experience I've ever had. It started when the server took our orders. She had an attitude, just in her movements and the way she spoke - there was no smile on her face, she didn't ask how our day was or give us any greeting. She walked up and said, verbatim, "what do you want?" I chose to ignore the attitude, and we placed our orders - a caesar salad and sauteed mushrooms for me, tortellini and a Shirley Temple for him with a side of garlic bread to share. They brought out the salad with bacon - I don't eat meat, my fault, I should have asked. However to describe the server's attitude as indignant would be an understatement. She started telling me about all the hassle it caused her to bring it back, and how I should know better than to assume it didn't have bacon, and couldn't I just pick it off? I've been in the industry for a few years and know that it doesn't matter - the customer is always right, she shouldn't have picked the fight. The food was underwhelming. I was vomiting in the bathroom from my sauteed mushrooms which were not just poorly cooked but were clearly no longer fresh. The salad was bland, along with my boyfriend's meat sauce. When the server came back to check on how our food was tasting we were open with her. We told her that everything but the garlic bread was pretty awful. And then she walked away. She didn't ask how she could fix the problem (as any good server should have) nor did she sympathize or ask us to explain what was wrong. She didn't even acknowledge us. She just walked off to the next table without words nor utterances. When I eventually managed to call her back after what was literally five or ten minutes of her ignoring me I informed her that because the food left me throwing up in the bathroom I would like my meal to be taken off the bill. And that's where she lost it. "What? Oh no no, I can't do that." She turned away to leave again. "Excuse me," I said, "It's made me sick." She looked at me like I was stupid "Well I can't just TAKE IT OFF, oh no, of course not. If you're not happy with your meal I can grab the manager or call the police." I can't invent that. She threatened to CALL THE POLICE because we were unhappy with the food. I asked to speak to the manager and she said she'd grab him in a few minutes as he was busy. We spent about twenty or twenty five minutes (my boyfriend checked his watch!) waiting for him while I was huddled into my booth, trying to make my stomachache go away. Eventually she just dropped off the bill (without a word, of course) and left. Naturally, we didn't tip. When she returned she saw the bill and counted out the bills and coins we'd left for her. "Wow, thanks," she said, sarcastically "don't feel like you have to come back here again." I'm not joking. She actually said that. To their credit, our experience seemed to be an uncommon one. It seems like their pizza is pretty good, but unfortunately the server didn't exactly want us coming back.
5	Eating here since I was a kid, love this place.
4	I've come here several times for supper when I was too lazy to cook. By far, the best pizza in the Verdun/Lasalle area. perfect crust, tasty sauce and not-too-oily melted cheese. Order your pizzas here, they're a little more expensive than other places down the street but they are definitely better quality too.I've had several other items here too, their club sandwiches are great and come with perfectly crispy on the outside, soft on the inside fries. Their French Onion soup, "gratinee", is probably the best soup you can ask for when it's -30 outside.Service can be hit or miss. There are some waitresses here who have been here for years and they're quite nice, the younger ones are still learning.
5	By far the best pizza ever! But my fav dish here is the Grilled Chicken Chefs Salad it will change your life mmm so good
5	Just ordered 2 club sandwiches for pickup, easy and hassle free ordering, the guy on the phone very polite - when I asked if I could substitute onion rings for fries he said "of course"!The sandwiches are amazing, loaded w/ white meat chicken and crispy bacon cooked to perfection, delicious coleslaw too!Will def order from here again now that I know it's there!
