1	Bad experiences with their coverage.I've been trying to get a claim denial resolved for some time- for some reason, getting severe pains at 2AM in the morning and going to the emergency room doesn't warrant insurance coverage. After a long, drawn out process of trying to find out why I was denied coverage, I found out that the reason was because the origins of my pain were listed as dental related in the medical record.So I guess what they're proposing is that whenever I'm in pain in the middle of the night, I first sit and spend 30 minutes to an hour wallowing in severe pain and then try to make sense of their long list of coverage dos and donts. Fun.So if you want uncertainty and the adventure of not knowing whether or not you should go to the emergency room everytime you wake up in the middle of the night in severe pain, then Physician's Plus is the insurance for you. For me, I'd rather not have to deal with that.
1	Let's be honest: health insurance may be the most morally bankrupt of our major industries.  Even the well-intended Affordable Care Act is the equivalent of putting a mere bandage on a spurting arterial wound.And Physicians Plus will fight to the death to avoid paying for that bandage. You may not have a choice in your health insurance providers, which is fine.  Dealing with Physicians Plus, however, is like pulling teeth.And Physicians Plus will fight to the death to avoid paying for those tooth extractions.We had a baby in September.  It's April now, and I'm still getting bills for standard procedures that have been denied by Physicians Plus (sometimes for the flimsiest of reasons).  I've had to submit several bills multiple times.  They'll cover eventually, but they'll try to wear you down (Physicians Plus will fight to the death to avoid paying for chronic fatigue treatment).  If I were cynical, I'd think they deny claims as a matter of course in hopes that their customers will just give up hope (Physicians Plus will fight to the death to avoid paying for depression treatment).  All in all, you may not be able to avoid them, but they have been incredibly frustrating to deal with.  I'm happy that they are no longer our family's provider, and I hope that I can stop dealing with them before our daughter's first birthday.  I'm tempted to send them a little "sample" in the mail (Physicians Plus will fight to the death to avoid paying for the sample jar).  I may just take that expense out of pocket.
1	I have been a PPlus member for ten years.  Over that time my rates have continually increased to the point I am paying $900.00 a month for just my health insurance.  During that time the coverage has decreased and I was forced to leave my long term  primary health Dr. because she was in a new building.  Now I am forced to drive farther to an old building to see a Dr. who drank the kool- aid and gives" light" physicals.  I had cataract surgery in January.  My benefits say they cover the first pair of single focal lens after the surgery.  I needed more than that, so I knew they wouldn't cover  the whole cost, but thought they would cover some of the cost of the new glasses.  After five months they have denied any coverage because they are not single focal.  That means, they only cover reader glasses that you can pick up for ten dollars at the drug store.
