4	Great spot. Good music and good prices. Make it a point to stop by.
4	I have only been there once, but I am a definite fan of Tonic, mainly because the bartenders are stellar. They keep the drinks and food coming, asked for our names (and remembered them) and gave us coupons for free food the next time we return. It's not a destination bar (nothing I would drive across town for) but a nice neighborhood bar.It's trying hard to be upscale, but the customers are mostly locals of various age groups and backgrounds, in everything from sweatpants to clubbing outfits. I would not worry too much about dressing to impress at Tonic, despite the fact the decor has a very club feel. The night we were there I got the impression that many of the patrons were starting their night there, having a drink and some food, before moving onto Scottsdale or Tempe.We went later in the evening, after HH, and our bill was more than we usually spend on drinks and food. However, we each had several drinks and we tried three or four appetizers, so the value was good. Next time we will return during HH to save a few bucks.
1	Disclaimer: They may have better drinks and staff by now.I came here for my bday with my mom in March 2010, the drinks weren't anything to write home about and had little alcohol. They have a pretty good happy hour so I'll give them that. It also smelled weird in there and for a Wednesday at around 3pm there was an unusually large amount of orange, Scottsdale bar skanks who, in my opinion, were having a contest to see who could scream OMG! the loudest.I'm pretty sure our waiter was drunk as he could barely see straight and was stumbling around. For the quality of this place... it's overpriced, I love Chandler for the fact that it's not pretentious like Scottsdale and this place is trying way too hard.
4	I grew up in LA and went to school in the Bay Area, so it's hard to compete in the nightlife realm. But, I am being fair and rating Tonic amongst the bars & clubs I've hit up since I've moved to Arizona. Bought the LivingSocial deal for Tonic, and went here with my boyfriend to order $30 worth of food. We ended up spending $50 and the bartender didn't know how to accept our coupon, so that totally sucked.here's what we got for $50:2 medium sized pizza - super oily, but decent pizza3 sliders - typicalSpinach & Artichoke Dip with pizza bread pieces - yummy!!2 pints of Great Shark1 bottle of Apple Cider There's free popcorn, a pool table, and I like that there's flat screens everywhere playing old school hip hop mixed in with some current R&B. I suggest coming during happy hour, because all that food I listed are around half off in price, and the drinks are too! I think they have happy hour from 4-8 everyday, so next time the boyfriend comes to town, we're planning to visit Tonic again and hopefully, THIS time our LivingSocial coupon will work.Note: There is no dancing at Tonic, I thought lounge = some dancing, but there isn't any dancing here. Good place to grab drinks though!
3	In some review said that this place have life music, I think its totally not fully right. I went there, and it just small place, although I like the light setting on the front.  No live music venues. I hope everyone didn't get confuse. I might be wrong too. I suggest better you called before you come there as I did:) Revised: 5/2/11Here is a quote from Mr. D - Tonic. "Currently we have live music on Thurs, Friday, and Saturday. It usually starts around 9pm. I hope you can come back and see a show on one of those nights."Thank you for quick response Mr. D and I will come again next time:).
4	Good for a local little place to grab a trendy drink. Great patio service.
3	It was alright for what it was. I wouldnt go back. But it was ok cause I was with friends. I could see why straight folks would enjoy this bar. LOL
5	I came again few weeks ago and the music was great. Two guy played guitars and sing. The best part was the thin pizza. I love it.I had difficult time to say something to the waiter, maybe because my voice very low :). I asked the napkin twice than she just said ok and no napkin..lol..Well, I used my tissue in my bag. I would go back again nexxt time for the music and the pizza!
4	This place was fun, casual and had a great patio area (with misters for the hot summer!) I tried a Four Peaks peach ale for the first time here and it was great.
2	I didn't care for Tonic.  Their signature hookah drinks seemed weak - double in size with only a single shot.  The food menu is limited, we tried the pizza -it tasted as if the crust had been frozen too long and it was served to us burnt.  The service was friendly but slow.
3	I went to Tonic to get a couple drinks with some friends. It was a Friday night around 9pm. It was easy to get a table and the server was really nice and quick. The Four Peaks peach beer was amazing! The atmosphere was easy and relaxed. The only complaints I have are that the chairs weren't very comfortable (couldn't sit naturally, had to be either sitting on the edge leaned forward or leaned back feeling far from the person I was talking to next to me), and here and there a song would play on the patio that was just awful - but I guess those are matters of personal taste. A good little neighborhood bar if you're just looking for something low-key.
4	Finally a cool rock and roll joint in the east valley. Love it. Great LIVE music, cool ass wait staff. Support local business!!!!
5	This place is awesome.
5	My guess is that Tonic does not necessarily target our demographic--adults with kids dining out for dinner.  However, for us it Tonic was a great find.  We went here on a Thursday night for dinner for the first time.  The food was excellent and very reasonably priced.  Excellent sandwiches and appetizers.  While their beer selection wasn't large it was an interesting selection of bottled and tap beer, and we found choices that we were very pleased with.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive.  The music was a bit loud for someone just wanting to go out to dinner.  Our 8 year old found plenty of food to choose from, and since she likes music, she enjoyed herself.  Overall, was a very good place for a dinner, would recommend bringing older children for dinner (no booster seats available).
1	We had a coupon for a free appetizer and since it's across the street from our neighborhood we wanted to try it out. The live music, happy hour, and location all made it sound appealing.When we got there we were told to sit anywhere and them approached by a man who introduced himself as "not your waiter."  He took our water orders. When our waiter came we asked about the beers for the $3.50 happy hour premium draft. We asked for Guinness. Sorry, discontinued. My friend asked for another off the menu. Sorry, discontinued. We asked what WAS available. He listed some and we choose the milk stout.We also ordered three pizzas: 2 of the margherita one and the hot wing one. The margherita one was tasty: good sauce, cheese. The crust was soggy and oily. The hot wing one was gross. Not spicy, extremely bland, and so soggy from sauce it was essentially soup.As we were finishing, a fight broke out at the pool table between 4 extremely drunk women. This was not the fault of Tonic (although not serving drunk people flaming shots might have been nice). The way the situation was handled was. There were no other people in the bar except my table. Calling the place dead is an understatement for a Saturday night. The women fighting were not removed, even after they started throwing punches. It wasn't until one drunk women who was allowed to stay came to our table and started screaming. THEN they removed her and half-apologized. We asked for our tab.The waiter brought our tab for $82. Nothing was rang at happy hour prices. We complained and he agreed to fix the pizzas but insisted the beer (at $6) was not part of the happy hour special. He said he had to get a manager to help him.While three people tried to fix our bill, the manager came and accused us of being involved. A bit shocked, we explained what happened. He apologized and offered a dessert or shot if we stayed. I explained we just wanted our bill corrected. He walked away without responding.Our tab came back for $65 while the screaming drunk woman stood at the entrance.Horribly managed, extremely expensive, trashy decor, poor service, bad food. The worst bar/restaurant I've ever been to. Oh - and they refused to accept the free appetizer coupon.
4	Not all bars are the center of the hipster universe.And that's perfectly fine if all you wanna do is havea drink or two and just wind down. Sometimes you justwant to do a little chillin'. Like a villain. Or likeFerdinand Magellan. Whatever the case, if that's whatyou want to do this bar is perfect for it. I've beenhere a few times and it's never been too crowded. Perfectsetting if you want to hang out and have a few with somefriends ater work. It's not a bar to "be seen" or to gotest what you learned from MSN's "top 10 pickup lines thatactually might work" article. It's just a place where youcan have a conversation (at least if you sit outside as Ialways do) without having to shout over the music. The musicthey play is a good mix of old and new. Sometimes they havepeople playing music - either some guy with an acoustic ora band - usually not bad but usually nothing to write homeabout either. Their food menu has a rock and roll theme withnames like Nikki Stixx, love-me-tenders, Paul's boutique, fleetwood mac, eye of the tiger, war pig, culture club, hotfor teacher - all names of appetizers, pizzas or sandwiches.They even have twice baked potato skins named - Once Bitten,Twice Baked. Was that referencing Great White? Yikes. Too Soon?The Service I've had here was actually very good. Very attentive waitstaff. They also have a discount club where you sign up andget discounts - sort of like a loyalty card - which is cool ifyou come here often. Parking is plentiful as it's in a mall.
4	I went here last weekend with my visiting sister and my BFF, and had a blast. The blue dragon drink thingy was delicious, the spicy wings have flavor not just burn and there was a pool table. I dug the band, but I'm a bit biased since I know them, but I usually make a point to see 'em if they're playing when I get a night out if that means anything... All in all, I'm a fan
4	Finally went to check this place out with a few friends on Saturday night. We arrived in time to catch the last hour of daily 4pm-8pm HH specials. The place has a cool inside/outside bar open to the patio. We grabbed a couple small tables out on the patio because it was actually more comfortable outside with the misters on. This proved to be a wise choice since the inside became a HOT box! Might need to dial down the AC a couple of degrees when it is 105 outside. We were excited to see Four Peaks Peach Ale on the menu but had to settle for a Shock Top since they didn't have it available. They have great HH food & drink specials. The soft pretzels were amazing with cheese sprinkled on top & served with a scrumptious Guinness beer cheese! We will definitely go back during HH to try some of the other food. I'll certainly be keeping my eye on their live band schedule too!
5	This place is awesome with a great happy hour AND they deliver not just food but BOOZE too :) Not sure why it's always dead.... My bf and I are literally the only people here right now. Come check out.
2	I'm not sure what the hype is about this place... happy hour is all we go here for.  Probably been here a dozen times now. I'd call it an upscale dive bar.  Since it's close by and usually not busy we end up meeting people here. It's kinda hidden over by the oreck store behind the B of A on the street corner.  It's a small bar inside and about the same size outside. I think it opens at 4pm and doesn't do lunch.  The food is ok bar food. Honestly the cheeze wiz on the pizza is gross but drunk people seem to love it. Bar top is always dirty which is gross and it gets hot and humid inside a lot.Patio area is probably the nicest place with the misters. Oh and they have free popcorn. There gigantic pitcher mixed drinks only have 1 shot which is misleading since they are the size of a pitcher. The shot-ski thing is kinda cool since someone always misses/spills. I wish they had a Polaroid/dig camera or something for shots of those.  Overall it's good for the HH but not much else.
5	I LOVE this place!!! Excellent customer service now.  Super , rockin, yet laid-back vibe.Good looking men in a sexy, orange ties in black collard button ups is what pours my drinks! Music from every genera and super cool mix of people. Mot def, come and try the Nikkei Stixx appetizer; Yummy.
4	My friends and I have been coming to Tonic consistently for over a year now - you can not beat their happy hour and they actually play great music videos!  Who else does that these days - not even MTV!
5	First off I have only been inside this place once and the look of it kind of takes you by surprise.  The bar inside is a bit cramped but there are standing tables and a pool table with room to shoot. I personally have their food delivered because of one reason: their customer service.  In an age where social media (i.e Yelp!) can make or break your word-of-mouth, Tonic nailed it on the first try. I ordered delivery from them on their first week delivery being available and I ordered the Nicki Stixx and the Dee Snider pizza and they were awesome.  They also deliver booze too so I got a six pack of San Tan Devil's Ale.  The kicker was this: they found my apartment with no hassle, they were fast and they brought me free ice cream as a way of saying thank you.  The delivery guy got an extra large tip and my continued business.  Well done Tonic.
4	It's a good local hang out place. Frequent events like industry night, karaoke, live bands. All day Happy Hour on Sunday and Monday which includes certain apps and pizza that are really well priced, plus you get enough food to split with a friend.New staff for the most part, and they are friendly and like to keep you coming back. I like the indoor/outdoor option. Good  music, not so loud you can't have a good conversation.Rewards program... needs a card or something, now you just write your name on your bill.Like I said, this is more of a neighborhood place, don't come expecting to find a bunch of people dancing and getting crazy, bar fights, or snotty people.
4	We came here because of the yelp recommendation...it was well worth it. Good atmosphere. Good prices. Good food. The only negative were the wings, they just weren't that good but everything else was amazing!We are going back for more!
4	The decor and floorplan are very unique; it's not often I arrive at a bar and spend the first hour just checking the place out.  Bartender service was fantastic.  I pay particular attention to the glasses a bar uses to serve my beer and I could write my name in the front on the pint glasses they used.  Nothing better than that while drinking a cold one.  I didn't try the food.  The overall atmosphere and service were great.  And the streaming music videos were not only unique, but the bands featured were excellent.  I would definitely return to Tonic both for early and late fun.
4	Awesome venue for live music. I have been here several times.  A new addition to the line up is live band Karaoke. I went last night and it was a great crowd with some incredible talent!  The food is really good too!
5	Been here once so far when I'm in town and we loved this place. when I'm in town and looking for a hangout with friends this is the place to go for drinks and late night food. Cool vibe not too loud, nice outside patio, great music selection.
5	I have been here three time and there is always something different going on, good food and some interesting drink special and a bar tented who can actually create some cool stuff.  Not a place for younger kids in the evening - which is kinda nice for us older ones ducking out on our kids for an hour or two.
4	We had a great time. I used the Restaurant.com coupon, but probably would have been better off not using the coupon, and ordering off the Happy Hour menu instead. Happy Hour prices seemed reasonable.
4	Tonic is a GREAT happy hour spot. I've been there a few times now for a pre-gaming kickball hangout. The drink specials are awesome and the happy hour lasts until 8:00pm. The service here is also remarkable. Each time I have sat outside and always had a full drink in my hand. I've tried the pretzel with Guiness cheese dip (sooo good) and both the Old Fashion and Muhammad Ali pizzas are highly suggested. They have a stage inside and it appears there are bands that play there quite often. Either way it is a fun hangout and marvelously easy on the pocket book.
2	Casey and Stephanie are awesome. Dalton was nice too. Now, Kevin is a different story. Kevin was a total freaking douche bag/jerk off. Kevin is the reason, I will NOT return to this establish, my last weekend here in Arizona. I look forward to spending my money elsewhere tonight.
4	Great pepperoni rolls, clean place.  we went between meals and it was empty, Bartender was cool and spent time describing the live music. Patio has awesome mister system and looks like it wold be a great place to hang out at night.   we'll be back!
2	Was here in December and loved it. Mostly loved the delish martini menu and great apps. Came back to try the Fleetwood Mac pizza (a pizza, with pickles!). No longer on the menu, no drink menu (they were working on it - huh?), the martini I ordered was awful, and the service was slow! Found out they have been "working" on the drink menu for months. What happened to this place?
5	Finally my official review and I'm going to make it short: LOVE this spot. There's nothing like it. Bartender Stephanie ... Served us tonight and she's the best... Always genuine and smiling when I order my next drink. That's important!! Band was fun and high energy. K...said id make it short so ill just say this...ill be back....Again. LOOOOOOOOVE!!!! Did I say I love it?! Did I mention that I love it so much I want to work here just so I can be here all the time?! Ya.
3	This place is alright. I came here on a Friday night with a group of friends.  We ordered a pizza and soft pretzels, which were good.  Service was pretty slow though.  There appeared to be only one server.
5	I'm super picky and this place was great! Loved the hot for teacher sandwich, soft pretzel was amazing, tater tots and cheese dip superb. Great, friendly, fast service.
3	Should have checked Yelp first with this one. Saw the name and martini glass logo...thought cocktails. This...is....NOT, the place to go for anything more complicated than a rum and coke. Difficult to judge since, I already had a preconception of what the place was going to be....but the theme is cheesy rockstar chic, with cheesy rockstar named dishes, sort of like a poor man's hard rock cafe. The food was not horrible....but also completely uninteresting and mediocre. I can't bring myself to give less than 3 stars, because nothing truly stood out as being bad....but I probably wouldn't waste the energy to go back...and certainly couldn't give it more than 3.
3	We went here to see Rock Addix. They were an awesome cover band, and we were planning on eating there while listening to them.Unfortunately, the space inside is very small and only can fit a few tables. When we got there, all the tables were all taken, and there were very limited bar seats. We decided to brave the cold outdoors and eat outside while the band played. Unfortunately, our waiter only kept track of us enough to deliver drinks, and then disappeared for the rest of our time here. Disappointed, we paid for our drinks, then left to go search for another place for dinner!
4	This place was awesome I always got the Fleetwood Mac pizza, a pizza covered in mac n' cheese. Stopped by last Tuesday, only to find they were closed. Quite a bummer.  I hope they re-open soon!
