4	I joined this location on the day of the Grand Opening (late May 2009). I was ecstatic to see a gym open so close to my house. From the outside, it's gorgeous- on the second floor of a building right of the 202. Amenities: Cardiovascular machines- treadmills, ellipticals, stair-steppers, bikes, etc. All of the cardio machines have their own TV with headphone jack so you can watch some TV, or hook up your iPod to watch anything you downloaded. Weights- lots of free weights and Nautilus machines. Plenty of space to move between the equipment. Locker Room- gorgeous tile showers, sauna, steam room, blow dryers for your use, plenty of locker space (bring your own lock)Childcare- great facility. Lots of the kids to do, complete with a full-size climbing wall. TVs located throughout the facility so you can watch your kids while you workoutTheater Room- a place for your husband to sit and watch TV while he waits for you to get ready after the workout (not sure why else you'd need a theater room in a gym)Group Fitness- MY FAVORITE! They have so many different classes throughout the day. Spinning, yoga, plates, step, aerobics, abs & core, etc, etc, etc. Give one a try!Downsides:Wish they had more benches around the free weightsThey dont open until 4:30am on weekedays (tough to get in a pre-work workout when you start work at 6am)
4	Well, I'm feeling a little jealous.  As a member of the Mountainside Ocotillo location, I was able to check out this location when a water line broke (or something) and they kicked us all out yesterday at the prime time of 3:30pm.  Gorgeous!  I loved the weights/weight machines area with it's openness and plenty of room.  Plus, the machines are much, much newer here.  The cardio machines were nice in themselves with the individual TV's, but the set up is weird.  The treadmills, ellipticals, stair steppers, etc. are lined up against a wall facing windows outside.  Personally, I like to face inside the gym to check out my fellow exercise fans rather than the boring scenery outside.   This location is a little farther for me, but if it wasn't this would be my gym of choice (until I can get a Village in the EV!).
1	I had two very bad experiences with the staff and policies at Mountainside in Gilbert.  I'm truly not over-exaggerating with the 1-star rating--I would never recommend to anyone to get a membership here.  To be fair, the fitness center is very nice inside and well laid out.  However, my experience is that they run an unethical business.  My initial meeting with a trainer was a huge sales pitch.  He told me if I wasn't motivated to get down to 7% body fat that I shouldn't come back to the gym, which was quite a shocking statement.  Apparently, he was gambling that he could pressure me into signing up with a personal trainer.  He thought wrong.That experience was bad, but to me it was excusable as it was just one representative.  The inexcusable part is their cancellation policy.  They make you pay up front for the first month and last month, which is fine.  However, I went in to cancel my membership by chance on the first day of a month and they told me I could use the gym until the end of the next month.  I wanted to cancel that day not two months later.  They said since it was the first day of the month that they had already charged my card and that the next month was covered by my initial deposit for "last month" when joining.  To me that is simply and clearly an unethical policy that is unfair to the consumer.  The fact that they wouldn't prorate the current month was bad enough, but to keep the deposit for the following month was the straw on the camel's back for me.  They absolutely should have refunded one of the months.If they were ethical and honest, this would be a wonderful gym.  Unfortunately, I learned the hard way that they are far from it.
2	I was in the fitness industry for 4 years, when I left the industry I needed to find a gym to call home. I went to Mountanside and was very impressed. The lady that gave me the tour was wonderful and the facility speaks for itself.  So I joined! That's where the joy ended. The front desk staff is rude and standoffish! God forbid you need to buy a water or smoothie or something from the juice bar. They are so put out by it!! The kids club attendents for the most part were nice. In the exception of one, and she was extremely rude! The membership counslers look down their noses at you, unless they are trying to sell you a membership. If you like a friendly hometown feel gym this is not the one for you. If you like snooty people who think they are better than you, this is the gym for you!
2	I feel nothing is a total negative experience so I will start with the positives:1.  Very clean and neat2.  I cannot remember seeing out of order signs on equipment3.  Towels available everywhereUnfortunately there are many negatives and the led to me canceling our membership there.  They are as follows:1.  Uncaring/detached staff2.  Basketball court rarely available during the weekend due to "special programs" going on3.  Movie area way too loud4.  Limited equipment for the price5.  Poor layout6.  Sterile environment (not referring to cleanliness)7.  Oh, uncaring staff........I will say that the main reason we canceled after 18 months was the way the staff reacted to questions/comments.  It's not that anyone was rude (they were cordial), but you never felt like anything you mentioned was thought of for even one second after the issue was raised.  It is a shame since there is a lot of potential for this place and it is so convenient.  In the end I went back to a different gym that charges me much less but I do not like as much.  I am sure Mountainside will do well because of the area they are in and the positives I mentioned but in the end it will not thrive until they have a staff that is welcoming and cares about the members.  I would say to avoid this place even though there are worse places.  They charge you a premium for limited amenities and you are pretty much on your own after signing your contract.  When we canceled no one even tried to stop us or ask why and that speaks volumes as to how much they care.
2	**Update** - This is not a change in rating but I like to be fair.  We were charged for a 19th month after cancelling our contract prior to 18 months.  I called and spoke to Rob and he cordially and professionally resolved the issue.
4	First off, I will say I have not experienced ANY rude staff at all and everyone is always smiling and friendly. After only being members for a week and coming in daily, most of the front desk staff knew my face if not my name. Also, I always order a smoothie on Saturdays after my workout and no one has ever acted put-out even though I can be obnoxious about ordering a special this-and-that smoothie with adders. We were not pressured to become members after an initial conversation about membership options. I love the class options! They have many different classes offered regularly and some special ones offered at a discounted price to members. I also like the Sunday Family Free day since I can bring a friend in who is a member elsewhere and we can work out together and I don't have to use the guest passes. Locker rooms are very nice and always clean. The machines are great and have always been in great working order when I've been there (5-6 days a week). Cardio machines are very nice and there are plenty; even at the busiest times I have always been able to snag a treadmill or elliptical. Overall, we have been very happy here and are pleased we left our other gym which just didn't have the same appeal. As for people in the lobby, I've seen them there weekend mornings and no one has walked up and asked me to buy anything. I have never seen them there at 6 AM or in the evenings and the ones that are there are pretty low-key. Last weekend, some women were looking at some purses and the salesperson was quietly standing to one side letting them look to their hearts' content with no sales pitch involved. The yoga studio is a little strange with the curtains but since I have a seperate yoga studio, this is no big deal.
5	I really love this gym. It is so nice and well maintained. There is always plenty of towels to grab before a workout.  The childcare is excellent and has the security part down. When you sign up as a member you and your child are given assigned wristbands to use during visits. The staff have always been good about ensuring the numbers on them match prior to releasing my child to me. You can even tune into the cameras to watch your child on the tv's that are on the cardio equipment. Childcare is also open 7 days a week and doesnt close for lunch like most gyms. There is also plenty of group classes throughout the day if you are into Zumba or cycling,etc. I recommend this gym to anyone especially parents needing quality childcare.
4	Amazing gym.  Extremely clean.  As stated in other reviews, the staff is extremely friendly.  I love the towel service.  All of the machines are in service and I have never had a problem with too many people in the gym working out at the same time.  I have not utilized the group fitness sessions but from what I can tell and what I have heard, it seems pretty solid.  They have TVs on the cardio equipment and needless to say, that's pretty awesome.  Come on... Ace Ventura was on one of the couple dozen channels and if that doesn't help pass the time on the cardio equipment, I don't know what will.  The juice bar is pretty sweet but be careful because it can add up quickly if you don't watch it $$$.
4	Great atmosphere and employees....very clean.
4	My husband and I just signed up for our membership on Sunday and have had a great experience so far.  The gentleman who signed us up seemed a little nervous but was very personable.  On our second day the gentleman at the front desk greeted me by name, I'm big into customer service and this made me happy.The equipment is new and works well.  There is so much cardio equipment it's hard to choose what to do.  My new favorite is this eliptical/treadmill/stair stepper hybrid thing.  The weight equipment is nice and there is a great selection and not a lot of waiting for something to free up.So far, so good.  We signed an 18 month agreement and hope the rest of our time there is just as enjoyable as the first 3 days.
1	Are zero stars an option?I rarely write bad reviews. I use Yelp primarily to support and give thanks to businesses I like.Mountainside Fitness has changed my protocol. After being a member for over 2 years, when I wanted to cancel they made it  impossible. They have extremely bad business ethics and policies. The CEO is arrogant and rude and does not operate with the philosophy of treating customers right. Do not join this gym unless you are prepared to be a lifelong member.check out another former mountainside member's online debate with billy malkovich, "harvard graduate". it's pretty funny.http://www.toplinebusinesssolutions.com/mountainside/
4	Great location right off of the highway.  I mostly attend for the Zumba & Muscle classes which I feel this location has several of the best instructors!  The staff always seems to be very friendly and available to help unlike some of the other big box brand gym's I have frequented in the past.  I have been a member at this club now for over 3 years and like that I can go to the other locations without any issues.  If you have children -they will love the play center daycare -large climbing tunnels and bounce house as well as they are taken out to the rock wall for more fun.  This location also has a Chiropractor, Physical Therapy Center in it and a Spa has been under construction and hopefully will open soon.  A smoothie bar by the entrance that has very affordable and tasty beverage options.
4	Good clean gym, friendly staff, excellent eqipment to choose from, classes so far have been pretty good. Every time I go here I forget to check in. haha.
1	I joined Mountainside Fitness after being a member of Lifetime Fitness for 2 years.  We moved and Lifetime was just too far of a drive.  I love going to classes and although Mountainside didn't offer as many classes I did try and few and enjoyed them.  The daycare is nice.  They have camera's that connect out to the workout machines you cannot see the infant room which was dissapointing but I do like the concept. My bad review is not as much with Mountainside as it is with Core Concepts.  Core Concepts is the personal training program at Mountainside.  When you first sign up with Mountainside you need to schedule an appointment with Core Concepts in order to get your $75 enrollment fee back.  Once I was able to schedule the appointment they sale and sale and sale.  In the end I purchased a personal fitness package for $128 a month.  To make a long story short they did not follow through on their end with the promises they made.  I am a nursing mother which they knew when I signed up.  I tried to talk to them about the differences in calories that I will need.  No one was educated or coud help me.  THey also promised monthly weigh-ins, monthly measurments etc.  It was never completed until I reminded them.  The big thing was the head guy "Larry" who signed me up promised an extra fitness session every week with him.  (I was on the fence on signing and that is how he got me to agree)  After signing he showed up for 3 of the first 12 sessions.  He either called and cancelled, or even didn't show up a few times. When I told them I didn't feel like I was getting what I promise they agreed to hold my monthly plan for 2 months until I stopped nursing.  I then called the gm at Core Concepts and told him (Adam) I was not happy and that I wanted to terminate my agreement.  I was not receiving what was promised.  He said he would give me 8 free sessions but they would not let me out of my agreement. They promised me 2 sessions a week for a year and now he is only giving me 8 free sessions.  To me that is not a compromise.  I called Mountainside and although nice and sympathic they said there is nothing they can do. If you are thinking about joining the gym for personal training I would strongly reccomend looking somewhere else.
4	I want to give them 5 stars!  Ive stopped going to the S.E. Gilbert location and I've switched to Ocotillo because they offer twice as many classes and it is much cleaner and they seem to have towels available at any time. The downside here is despite paying for childcare they will not allow my children into this location so I have to make alternate arrangements if I choose to use the Ocotillo location.   My husband and I have been taking turns going but my kids miss out on their own "kids"workout. *****  I joined in 2004 and at that time, their motto was "The friendliest gym in town" which was true back then.  Another bummer is you pay your normal membership but if you want to take XXXX challenging class its another $100.00. The facility is nice and it's close to home but there's a lot of competition building around it. These small places are popping up all over. AS I said almost 8 years with them and they have not been nice over the last 1 1/2. I'd love it if they could go back to being The Friendliest Gym in Town!
3	They need more spin classes in the morning!
4	Nice and clean with awesome facilities, does not have a pool or hot tub which was disappointing but overall a good new gym!
4	This gym is perfect for what I need. Great location, not overcrowded, and a plethora of equipment to choose from. There is no swimming pool but that is not an issue for me. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because they rent out parts of their facility for public use (basketball courts.) During these events things are a little too hectic and locker rooms can become a mess.
4	Nice gym not too busy even at rush hour. There are not enough water fountains in this gym. They don't even have a fountain in the locker rooms. Need more free weights. Over all I like this gym alot, its quick in and out love the covered parking at Gilbert.
4	I just became a member a couple weeks ago, i researched the heck out of fitness centers in my area. Mountainside is by far the cleanest of the bunch. Their cardio equipment is great, if there is a broken machine it gets repaired quickly. The weights area has machines that are perfect for the novice like myself. The staff is very nice and helpful if needed, but they are not pushy like other places i have been to. Needless to say i am very happy with my choice to become a member. *Perk - covered parking *Zumba classes are included in the membership and they are AWESOME!
3	Not happy. Mountainside just sent a letter saying they will charge all Members an annual fee of $25. Bad biz move. This wasn't mentioned when i signed up and is unethical. Bad move mountainsideThe Mens Locker room smells like body odor.
4	I recently started coming to this location since we just moved to this area last week. I was going to the Ocotillo location for the last 3 years or so. This location is definitely larger, brighter (their color scheme) and have a few more amenities than Ocotillo.Pros:For one, they have a room here dedicated to boxing. Yay! We like to switch up our workouts so we don't get bored. Punching & kicking a bag makes for a good, stress reliever cardio work out and I'm glad this is here. Ocotillo had boxing bags in the group class room but they were only available if there was no class going on at the time. Secondly, I didn't notice any maintenance signs for broken cardio machines which I notice fairly often at Ocotillo.Also, they have a movie theater, yea at first glance I thought the same-why the heck is this necessary?... I came to work out. But I found myself sitting down watching the movie playing while waiting for the BF to get out of the sauna. So I guess that's a plus. Cons:Parking- Wow, what's up with that curvy ramp to get up there? Especially in AZ where everyone has their monster trucks... If you have a little car, be cautious.
4	Mountainside in Gilbert is one of the better gyms I've been to. The equipment is always clean and orderly. The staff has always been friendly and helpful. There are some things that would be nice that are missing: a pool, a hot tub, more of a variety of aerobic machines (e.g. rowing machines), etc. It is a great gym for a good price (if you do the long-term commitment)
3	Overall nice gym, but I had some issues. I was mislead when I signed up.  The girl told me incorrect pricing for what I signed up for. I was impressed with their facility, but then I found out how much I was supposed to be paying for myself and son to be members, $$$. Classes were horrible, way over crowded and you had to get there in line 10 mins early to be able to see instructor during class. Kickboxing without bags or pads was wierd. Kickbox instructional is extra $$ in a small group class. -towel service-very clean-a lot of machines-clean locker rooms-basketball court-cycle room-yoga room-sauna-tanning($)-chiropractor($)-classes (over crowded)-kids gym (was not open when they advertised)($$)-personal training ($$$)-friendly staff (signed me up incorrectly)
5	Love this location. Very new. Always machines or weights available. The childcare is a great deal too, especially the Friday and Saturday night date nights. I wish it had a pool, but the steam room and the hot sauna are sufficient.
5	BEAUTIFUL location!!! Attended a Zumba class here and was really impressed with the instructor and the Group X room. One of the nicest MSF locations I've been to in the Valley.
4	Smaller gym than I expected but very clean and new.  The locker room/restroom is legit!
5	For the past 6 years I have worked out at Mountainside fitness (2 different locations).  Their gyms meet all my needs.  Free weights, hammer strength, cables, sauna, steam room, smoothie bar and daycare we can trust. The fact that they have multiple locations is also a big plus.  I can pop into one location that is close to my office and then pop into another closer to my house.
5	Have just started here but every single employee from the guy who signed me up and gave the tour to the personal trainer I'll be working with have been extremely helpful and friendly. Great facility with all the equipment I'll need plus tanning and a mini movie theater to chill out in after a workout. Pristine locker room and free towel service. Most importantly I didn't have to sign a contract and it's still affordable!
5	This gym a nice and has lots of machines. Free smoothie for first time checkin which is really nice. Bathroom/locker room nice also. Comp towels you can use. The vibe in that locker room is better compared to other local gym. Good customer service at the front desk. I'll def come back next time.
5	I have been a member here for about 2 years. I love this gym, very clean and organized. Staff is super friendly and helpful. The childcare is always clean and the staff are very good with all the kids, mine love going. Great place to workout.
4	Mountainside is the first and only gym I have joined since moving to Arizona. The location for me was hard to beat-- I can walk to the gym if I want. The classes are the best feature. Zumba and Hip Hop are fun and engaging, all levels are able to attend. Muscle class is great and I love to learn new ways to target certain zones. Tabata and HIIT are killer!! Talk about sweat! Every time I leave i have to wipe up a pool from my area...it's gross, but it's effective. The only bad thing about these classes is my fear of using the bathroom (squatting is no fun!!!). The price is a bit more compared to other gyms, but it is a great bargain for the cleanliness and helpful staff. You do have a maintenance fee (I think it is about $35) to pay a year. I will say that my boyfriend and I signed up at different times, and each time they did not tell us about this feature. It wasn't a big deal to us, the gym sends you a reminder and then some coupons after. The first year we signed up had some great coupons, like free shakes and tanning. Unfortunately, this year, while they offered the same, the limit was much less. I am not sure if that is because it was our first year....but I was a little bummed :( Not enough to stop going, however.Police and military receive a discount and you can freeze your account. I am sure there are stipulations on the last, but I don't know all the deets. I suggest trying Mountainside! It's a great atmosphere!
5	I've only been here for a few days but really like it.  The lay out is great, lot's of space, and all the cardio is set in a private are which doesn't infringe on free/machine weights.  I workout a lot harder here then the place I was at, the equipment is also nice.
5	I joined this location in January of 2012. A couple of my friends brought me in as a guest to try it out since I was looking for something great for my family as well as a clean environment with good equipment. I loved it right away and joined! This gym has far exceeded my expectations. The front desk, kid club attendants, trainers and management all have superb customer service. Even the maintenance staff is friendly. When I come in with my two daughters, the front desk is always smiling and friendly to my kids as well and that is important to me because if my kids like coming to the gym, then mommy can get into the gym no problem.:) the overall atmosphere is great and the other members are friendly. I come to the gym 5-7 days a week and I have not lost motivation yet. I always want to come in:) thank you mountainside Gilbert for helping me achieve my fitness goals and for making this a great place for my kids to play while I workout.
4	Classes are always great (I frequent muscle with Bridgette and occasionally spin and tabata). Premium classes (barre, trx) cost additional money so I have never tried them but have heard they are challenging and worth the money. Daycare seems to be popular and there is always some parents night out for a decent price being advertised.Although the weight lifting area is large it is pretty much always crowded (especially free weights and arm machines) much more so than the Ocotillo and Scottsdale Pavillion locations. But their music is way better than the Ocotillo location so I deal with the crowd.The staff has always been friendly and welcoming.Four stars instead of five because I rarely see staff cleaning (there's one manager who is cleaning every time I see him but that's about it). We used to go to a city owned rec center in Scottsdale (for half the price of Mountainside) and that place was spotless, the staff was ALWAYS cleaning, I don't get that vibe here. There is always some fee being charged outside our monthly premium (this month they sent letters saying there would be a $1.50 monthly premium increase because of the online account management system they're implementing?). I know it's only $1.50 but I thought we signed a contract for a certain rate?Free wifi would also be nice (sometimes my phone network cuts out in the cardio area and my iTunes Radio quits), but the movie channel (with a different movie playing every day with no commercials) almost makes up for it.
