1	Very bad customer service. Avoid like the plague. Ordered some Oakley frames. They charged me $190 then said it would take 1-2 weeks to get in. SOOO 2 weeks go by and I call. Oh, he's not in, I have him call you friday when he gets in(this was on tuesday). Friday no call, sat no call and monday no call. Go in on tuesday(week3) Oh, the Oakley rep is bringing them today, you should have them by thursday. Thursday no glasses, friday no glasses. Again, Tuesday i go in and get. Oh, they are in our lab and you should have them by 5 tonight. Nope didnt get them. Call on Friday, and ask the retards if that S.O.P. at Woolf to charge for an item and not produce it? Anyways, after 5 weeks I got my $190 back and went down the street to Lens Crafters and got them. These guys are clowns!
1	I wanted to switch to an optometrist that was closer to my house.. Anyways I go in and I already knew i have slight astigmatism in one eye.. That dr gave me astigmatism contacts for both my eyes.. I went in later and complaint about getting astigmatism contacts when I really didn't need the specially on my good eye.. Any ways I finally got the right pair of contacts and the charged me close to $70 for the eye exam which consumed about all of what my insurance gives me.. I hated that place and their doctor...Plus on a side not I would go in on Tuesdays and he would always say how he was glad it wasn't Monday anymore.. When people complain about Mondays that just rubs me the wrong way
1	ABANDON ALL HOPE, YE WHO ENTER HEREThey get one star only because ZERO is not an option.  To be clear, we did not get an eye exam.  This is in reference to buying glasses.There is NO customer service here at all. They are rude, dismissive and are not interested in your business.  We love to buy locally and it is a big disappointment to have such a bad experience. They did not try to make our experience successful, let alone pleasant.  They have poor communication, no customer service skills and not even a process that makes it possible to conclude business with them.  They aren't cheap and the people we dealt with were abrasive.  I don't know how they plan to stay in business when they treat people in this manner and don't seem interested in making sales. I am just glad that they don't have any of my money and that I will no longer waste my time with them.
5	My first experience with Woolf Eye Center was painless and pleasant. They office was welcoming and efficient handling my insurance and appointment.  The doctor was very knowledgeable and took his time during the exam. I appreciated that he explained the tests to me and what exactly my issues were. After the appointment he walked me to the eye glass area and introduced me to the person who fits you for glasses. There was no pressure, and I was thankful that Sam helped me choose just the right pair that would look good on my face type. The glasses came in just a few days later and are perfect. I have nothing negative to say, as everything could not of gone any smoother!Thanks Dr. Woolf and staff!
