5	Jenny is the best. She is the one to see for beautiful gel nails that last for months. She has good taste and always make trendy recommendations. If u want waxing and lash extension, u won't regret having her work on u. She makes my lash look natural. I live in Los Angeles, but I would come here for my beauty needs.  Price is very reasonable as well. Little jenny can works magic. I would never go anywhere else.
1	I chose this place from the yelp review because if I drove past it I never woulda gone in. The place was cluttered but clean with a lot of  very dated  airbrush nail art samples on the wall. I was in a huge rush so I just went with it since I just needed a gell manicure.  I had a short wait time for the only guy working at 4-5pm. They had  both gel and shellac which is why I chose them ( I'm partial to shellac brand) but they   had a limited supply of flattering gel and shellac colors once I got in the chair. The guy working on my hands worked with lightning speed which was not good, when he clipped my cuticles it hurt a few times. He could even see and we chatted about how good my cuticles were from my previous amazing  manicure I got else where. Now, 2 week later they are cracking. He applied my polish way to quickly causing him to even miss a large section on my thumb And globing in on in other parts. I had to ask him repeatedly to redo a thumb that he tried to convince me was ok. .. Ok I'm done,  you get the point.
4	So I needed a place to do my nails for my birthday. Needed a place that was  nice and clean at a normal price all the hotels salons were crazy expensive. so I found city nail which was by the boulevard mall and they were very clean ,cheap and friendly .For 18 dollars I got a refill on my tips and a French manicure and it lasted for a good 2 weeks so now I have a nail salon in Vegas when I go so happy hopefully stay around .
5	I would only trust Jenny with my nails. She also can does an excellent job waxing my eye browns. I would highly recommend her. You would not regret it.
4	Not the snazziest, but my girl scrubbed the crap outta my feet. Got all of the calluses off. Next time I'll bring my own polish and tools though.
2	I've been here twice and the lady who did my pedi was super sweet...but I went in to get a full set of acrylic nails from the guy that's there and was really disappointed.  They looked good at first, but not even 4 days later, they started lifting.  Within a week, half my nails had lifted to the point that I had to pop them off.  He was really nice and worked quickly, but just not a quality job.  Also, the location is very weird and while it's mostly clean, it's not exactly immaculate.  It could definitely use a makeover.
5	This is one of the original Vegas nail shops. I have been coming here for years and if there's something you don't like about your nails (everyone is not perfect) they will fix it with no questions asked. Eva and Jenny are the only ones I will let touch my nails because I know they do good work and they take their time. If you want a good experience and great prices go here. It's not in the best neighborhood but it is a neighborhood shop with great people and loyal clients.
5	Been going here since 2007. Jenny waxes my eyebrows every two weeks and Eva does my manicures. I don't do anything special for my nails so I don't know how their designs are. Jenny and Eva are great and their service is what keeps me coming back. My mom has gotten her permanent eyebrows done by Jenny and she's happy with them compared to 2 other people/places she's gone to. They're busy Thursday - Saturday so schedule an appt.
5	Jenny hooks it up! Does my lashes beautifully! It was hard finding someone when I first came from Cali. I have plenty of horror stories from salons out here! Jenny is a pleasure and always quick and precise.....would recommend her to any lash diva! All her over services are great too, lol.
3	So this place isn't in the best area but it was open early on a Sunday morning so I found myself here. The lady who did my pedicure Eva was really sweet. She did a very good job and overall my experience with her was great. She even did my eyebrow wax really nicely. I went to ask the other lady to do my pink in white fill and she told me she wasn't very good at it. Ok? Well thanks for your honestly but I had to hike to another salon just to get my nails done! 2 stops is not my idea of a quality nail salon. So maybe I'll be back, maybe not.
1	I came here on a Sunday with my friend to get pedicures done. Our normal place was closed so we looked up this one and saw nothing but positive reviews. When we arrived there was only one technician doing everything, manicures, pedicures, acrylics, everything. I feel like she rushed through all of her clients. I wasn't happy with her service and she wasn't very friendly. Every other nail place I've been never charged me extra for buffing or polish, City Nails did. Aside from the fact that we had to wait forever, now we're getting charged extra for something that usually comes in the package? Never coming back here.
1	Walked in at 6:30pm. Doors were wide open! Male employee had just stepped outside to smoke a cigarette. When I walked inside the shop he just turned around and stared at me....uh awkward. I asked if they could fix my toe. The whole corner of my original toe had peeled off. Dancing too hard at the club. @^_^@ This is my second time getting it fixed til  my nail grows out. He responded with "NO!". Confused I asked did they run out of acrilic (I know that is spelled wrong oops) Lol. He told me " We cant do that " I asked why not? " We can't. We close soon. I looked at the glass door at they close at 7:00. My toe takes 10 minutes to fix and there was a female employee sitting in a chair not doing anything. Then he was on a smoke break. There were 3 people in the spa chairs being attended to. Uhhhh.....okay???? I gave him an eye roll and told him "Wow y'all suck" and left. Customer service sucks. Maybe its because I'm African American. If you don't want anymore customers close your damn doors! Anyone else would've gotten excellent service I'm sure. Oh well. :/Found a shop on Las Vegas Blvd that fixed my toe for $7. Woohoo!
5	Pleasant and friendly. Got a full bikini wax for the first time. And it was clean as a baby. A must go to person is jenny ! She is absolutely amazing, she made it as less painless as possible. She is warm and have an amazing eye for beauty. I also got my get nail manicure and pedicure with her. And I got so many compliment. She art of work is in depth with so many detail. Must ask for jenny!!!!
1	Came into City Nail with my friend looking forward to getting our nails done. Went in around 4:00, the sign said that they closed at 6. We were denied service because the owner (I'm guessing) wanted to go home. I understand wanting to go home but if that's the case then change your hours. Ended up going to Pink Nail; excellent service. After the fact I was actually hungry that we were turned down because that led us to finding something better!
1	Bad service. I came in to get a n eyebrow wax. I signed in and when employee acknowledged me I told them all I wanted was an eyebrow wax..  They said "ok, one minute she'll be with you" I sat there for 25 minutes and when I asked if it was going to be much longer they told me that I needed an appointment.. Just wasted my time.. Going elsewhere.!!!
