1	This McDonalds is absolutely awful.  It always seems like it is never open, its not open 24 hours like most locations, and the service is very horrible and slow.  The line is always long and as said, the place is so slow.  Their quality for a bacon egg and cheese biscuit is very low.  The best location is Pecos and Bonanza.  This one Valle Verde and Paseo Verde is the worst.
3	Good location, s-l-o-w service.  Funny crew, on a trip through the drive thru, the cutie taking my order for a Happy Meal, asked if I would like a girl or a boy toy?, I excitedly answered "Oh!, I'll take a Boytoy!", he must of thought I was a dirty old lady, he'd be half right!
1	If I could give this McDonald's a negative star I would!  Absolute worst McDonald's I have ever been to.  They NEVER get your order right.  The kids taking your order are usually texting or on their cell phones while you are trying to order.  The fry containers are always half empty.  They ALWAYS have a hand written sign hanging up on the drive thru that explains what they are out of.  One time it was hamburger patties!  We live around the corner but choose to drive an extra 5 minutes and go to any McDonald's that is not owned by the Lipscomb & Smith franchisee. Terrible....F!
1	We should have read reveiws first! I'm amazed that one store in a chain can be so consistently terrible. We have now had our order screwed up three times in a row- that's three for three. We have an endlessly growing tab of free stuff from every time we have called to complain abour our order being wrong.  The last time we got home with the incorrect order it was actually the store manager who completely screwed our stuff up! If you are going to bother hitting this restaurant against all recommmendation that you do not, , make SURE before you leave that the incompetent workers haven't botched your food!  I GUARENTEE that they have.
1	McDonald's usually is good for an inexpensive, decent quick bite when you've been drinking. However, I hate clarifying 2 times that I'm ordering an unsweetened iced tea and receive a disgustingly saccharine sweet tea. I mean, this location is one that you order face-to-face through drive-thru!  Here's the conversation:  "I'd like an unsweetened iced tea," I pronounced. "sweetened or unsweetened?" asked the careful listener. "unsweetened," I replied. You know the rest of the story...Oh, and the southern style chicken hockey puck was both dry and burnt. This McDonald's receives 1 star because they were able to make a usual shitty dining experience even shittier.
3	It's a typical Mcdonald's with a play area that's great for kids to run around and burn off some energy.  It hasn't been renovated like many other Mcdonalds around town but I'm sure it will be done sooner rather than later.  Food was exactly what we ordered and was hot and tasty.
1	I stopped coming to this location because they NEVER give you napkins in the drive-thru..employees here are pretty grumpy.
1	I usually do not care to write reviews for fast food chains, but this was the strangest experience we have had in a drive thru in a long time.  When we pulled up to the first menu, we did not see a window so we glanced at the menu and pulled forward to the next menu where the intercom usually is located.  We did not see one and another car was already behind us.  We went around the building thinking that we missed it at the first menu only to find that located at the second menu was a big unlit sign stating that it was "personal face-to-face service" and we were to order at the window...really???  We pulled up to the first window and no one was there and neither was there a sign stating to move forward to the next window.  We took the risk and pulled forward.  A few seconds later a lady wearing the supervisor uniform took our order while giving another employee a hug and having a conversation with another employee.  Then we saw the car behind us paying for and placing their order at the first window!  Then the lady who took our order came back with our food and was trying to give us some change when she realized it belonged to the car behind us.  The food was cold and old...very confusing and horrible experience at what should have been just a simple drive thru service.  I am not surprised by the low ratings this location has received.
1	Why do I keep falling into this hellhole?!4 times, yes, 4, the most I chances I have given a place...either they:a) Are out of whatever you want.b) Have bad attitudes.c) Give you cold food.d) Give you melted down frozen strawberry lemonade that looks like puke, I should have taken a picture so that you would know I am not making it up.I am going to yell now, ready? STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!
1	If they had no stars available i would give them no stars- the management has failed to train their staff properly or the kids they hire are just dumb and lazy- either way i have contemplated working there as a manager just to overhaul the staff. I have yet to have gone through the drive thru and get what i ordered. The poor reviews should be a wake up call to this mcdonalds manager and owner- get a clue! I will no longer be visiting this mcdonalds and i hope this review along with all the other 1 stars help dissuade any future customers.
1	Worst McDonalds in the history of McDonalds. All of their employees are rude, serve cold food, and have bad attitudes.. Your better off with Taco Bell  a mile away. Don't waste your time, or money.
1	Walked into this place for the first time to get an ice cream cone while my wife shopped at nearby pet store. The older lady wearing glasses behind the counter asked me if I wanted it To-Go, "To-Go" ? it's an ice cream cone. Anyway I said To-Go, this lady then gave me the biggest Yarn as she handed me my change, then I watched her drop some kind of plastic cup on to the floor, but didn't pick it up right away. She looked like she didn't want to be there at all. i watched her prepare my ice cream cone, then she decided to pickup that cup she dropped on the floor earlier, what gets me is the way she picked it up, looked like as if she was picking up a 400 lbs weight at the gym. Then, as she was handing me my ice cream she says to me "Welcome", "Welcome" for What?  I haven't said my Thank You yet !,  as if she was doing me a big favor.  I grewup in Japan where a customer service is probably the best in the world so maybe I'm little too critical. But I do know one thing, if this was a McDonalds in Japan, she be so Fired !
1	Horrible !!!!  The teenagers who work here are more interested in socializing than serving customers.  I have been coming to this location for over a year because it is close to my house , but must say I will drive a little further now just so my order will be correct !  I dont understand ????? Are suburb teenagers IQ's going so far down that they cant get even master a cheeseburger fries and drink order?   I get excellent correct orders at Maryland pkwy and trop location on my way to work!!!!  I challenge the owner if this location to order  a meal here and I would be beyond shocked if it is hot and correct!  One example: i ordered a cone a diet coke and 2 coffee.  They give me 2 coffee.  I say " my cone?"  He looks at the big bright screen with the order and  says " oh ya ".  Gives me my cone.   Then a few seconds pass.  " my diet coke ?"  Once again another long hard look at the screen followed by a puzzled look and another " uggggghh oh ya".  Need I say more.  Go somewhere else !!!!!
2	McDonald's will be McDonald's so I've based my review on service alone. cashier had no personality. He didn't smile or even was interested on working. He looked and sounded miserable taking my order. The manager on the other hand gave me my food with a smile and even cracked a joke. it was a morning shift so that employee needs to cheer up and smile more and spread positive vibes especially when people are just starting their day.
1	I am only giving this location one star, because you can't give zero stars. This location can't get anything right. First, my order is wrong or incomplete 7 out of 10 times. Second, the food comes out cold or the fries will not be salted often. Third, a manager/shift supervisor was extremely rude to me simply because I went through the drive thru w/ two separate orders. Fourth, if you want ice cream it's a crap shoot. You never know if the machine will work. TERRIBLE! Worst McDonalds on the planet!!!!
5	We had no issues here - however, we only got drinks and ice cream cones.  It went easily and quick through the drive-thru.  And the ice cream cones were HUGE, like almost double the size we normally get in Arizona.  Thanks!
5	I honestly don't know why this place is getting such bad reviews. The young kids there were more than nice, and everyone there seemed really friendly. The place is really nice and clean. The food is classic mcdonalds food, cheap and good! Every time I have been there they have only messed up one time, and completely made up for it. I honestly don't understand why ever one is giving this place such horrid reviews. Yes, teenagers work there, but they're just trying to make money like everyone else. But overall really great mcdonalds, very family friendly!Edit: Spelling
1	This place is absolutely horrible! The last 3 times I have gone there they have gotten the order wrong. This last time was the final straw. They not only got the order wrong but the food they did give us was cold! The chicken sandwich was cold and felt like cardboard! The fries were completely disgusting and soggy like they had been redropped in the fryer. The manager on duty was an absolute joke! Aubrey the manager did not offer to remake the food. I had to demand a refund from him. And then asked if it would be remade and he said, "oh you want it redone?" This is the absolute worst McDonalds and upper management should be ashamed of the level of service that is provided to their customers and the horrible quality of their food!
5	I forget that I'm at McDonald's when I visit this location. It is very clean, and the food is fresh. The indoor play area is large and new. Service is good...could use a few more smiles. Sometimes I feel as if the cashier (same one each time I went) is annoyed that she actually has to work when I go up to order. But my order was always correct. I definitely recommend this location!
2	Went here for Breakfast with my Grand daughter. She loved  the play place. I ordered  the bacon egg biscuit, hash browns and iced coffee for me and since they do not have happy meals at breakfast time( they really need to come up with a happy meal breakfast!) we ordered scrambled eggs and bacon for her. My biscuit was very dry and the hash browns were cold in the middle. Scrambled eggs were not fully cooked but bacon was nice and crispy.
3	We came here the day after Christmas with our 2 kids and our nephew to quickly eat breakfast.  We were greeted in a very non friendly demeanor by this older woman who just couldn't get our order right.  Once we got our order, she still got it wrong and I went back and said something to her.  No apologies.  She would not give me the small coffee I wanted instead of the large coffee and she short changed us a sausage burrito.So, I bought another coffee, even though I should not have had to pay for it because I was in a rush.  She just had a really sour attitude and I know she probably doesn't like working there, but it's not my fault.  She accepted working there.So, for that, I give her a 1 star.However, the next day, we did come and the younger man was in her place and he was pretty much perfect.  Got everything right.  Great attitude, no issues.  I give him a 5 star.
