5	Great Borders. I love being able to come in here, waste some time reading books And magazines. I'm sure that they don't want people to keep doing that, since hey, it's not a library, but still. It's relatively quite and a great place to read a book in. They have a great variety, especially for a brick and mortar store. Now, be forewarned though, it's a b & m store, so the prices ain't gonna be like Amazon. Nothing can help with prices like no overhead.
5	Ginormous Borders at this location & tons of good stuff to tempt you Had finished my only book while in Charlotte for the week on business so I knew I'd need something to hold me over till I got back home to SF. Luckily, I was seeing a movie at Regal Cinemas & this Borders is right beside the theater - score! They had all the Best Sellers; recommended authors; huge selection of science fiction / fantasy so I grabbed the newest Guillermo del Toro vampire book.....found a copy of World War Z and the book from the movie "Let The Right One In" After all, it was Halloween & vampires & zombies were more than appropriate! Staff was super-nice! 1 lady was singing & walking around the store helping customers & the person who rang up my purchase ever-so-kindly voided my original purchase when I remembered my Borders Club info too late.....never an eye roll or even a smirk. She happily assigned my Club info to my purchase & I was off on my merry little way!
5	I've been to this location several times and it is great for relaxing and reading and equally as much for getting work done.My most recent trip to Borders was on Saturday night for a meeting my organization had.  They have a few tables in the cafe that are good for small groups and makes for a conducive workspace.  We were able to get a lot of work done with the comfort of their excellent drinks and delicious pastries.The treats they have are particularly appealing.  I LOVE their chocolate chip cookies, they are perfect!  One of my colleagues had a carrot cake that looks to die for so that's next on my list of desserts to try!As for the rest of the bookstore, pretty much what others have said is on the dot.  The place is huge and there's lots of room to find a good spot to sit and bury your head behind a book.  The selection is just as awesome.
2	Borders is going out of business.  Let me advise you that the sign says from 10-40% off.  I saw greeting cards that were 40% off but I don't recall seeing greeting cards in the store previously.  There were some textbook like books on sale for 30% off but primarily children's books and everything else was 10% off.  This looks like one of those going out of business-let's sell you some other stuff sales.
1	It isn't there anymore.
