4	I had the chicken teriyaki bowl (with extra veggies and easy on the brown rice) and it was a nice lunch.  Nice alternative to fast food, although those sauces don't exactly make it healthy.
3	Came here for a quick bite during lunch. It's small and clean.   My order came out fairly quickly.  I had a chicken bowl.  All and all it was a decent lunch.   I feel it was a bit pricey for a bowl of rice and chicken.
4	Did not know about this location until I was in a bind the other day, super clean, great service and of course they have the best  yakisoba which is noodles with chicken and vegetables with their super awesome samurai sauce (I buy it by the bottle).  This is the only teriyaki sauce I like and I am sure it is because it has tons of sugar.  It is super sweet and thick and goes great on almost any chicken or beef.
3	I had the sweet chili bowl. I used to eat Smaurai's farily often when I worked in Chandler. Before I always thought they had great flavor for a great price. I wasn't that impressed when I was here a few weeks ago. The flavor was just ok, nothing special or it just didn't taste like I remembered. Everything was just ok, nothing exceptional. I would go back, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
5	Looks a clean restaurant and good customer service. Bowls to small for the price. I can go to Pei Wei get the kid bowl go the same price or lower.
2	Food is good BUT their business hours are HORRIBLE. they've actually been just randomly closed before. No holiday no nothing. Someone just decided to not show up. And I'm currently here right now at 7pm on a Saturday and they are already closed ????? Really????? ITS SATURDAY AND YOURE A RESTAURANT. #fail prolly won't be backP.S they do not have any sign that show their business hours after they are closed. How convenient for themUpdate: I looked on their website to find out additionally that they are completely closed on SUNDAYS !?!? What kind of business is this. Never coming back to this one again. The one on Peoria is still open at the moment. Lost my business for sure
2	Went in around 2pm, had the #1 combo, Teriyaki Chicken Bowl.  Was way too expensive for what I got, and the Egg Roll was microwaved, not fresh or crunchy.  I would not recommend this place.  There are a few other asian restaurants that are marginally better in the area.  The only plus here is that its the only rice bowl place at this intersection.
2	I've been here plenty of times for their teriyaki sauce and I love it. Today I tried the streak bowl and do not have a good thing to say about it. I saw them take it out of the microwave, the rice was soggy and clumped together, and the streak had no flavor. The lay working there had a visitor sitting in the lobby, when my good was ready she called me up left my food on the counter than walked right past my table to sit with her friend. Bad service!
2	Same 3 star food as any other location, but here they seem much happier when you are headed out the door than when you come in. Evidenced by their never asking but assuming your order is to go.
