4	I visited the Bellagio Las Vegas Spa after they remodeled their facilities a couple of years ago.  My sister thought it would be cute if I got a facial at the spa with her boyfriend.  She paid for it, and, well, I'm always up for trying something new.  Although making small talk in the sauna was a little awkward to say the least.The facilities here are pretty awesome.  Whether it's the mood lighting in the showers, the dry and wet sauna rooms, even the locker rooms, complete with a lounge and flat screen TVs are a sight to behold.  There is also a room filled with different kinds of jacuzzis.  Overall, it's breathtakingly massive.And my facial?  Well, it was an experience, complete with a massage and some astringents that felt like they burned a hole through my face.  But I have to admit, my face was remarkably clean.  My facial specialist was also easy going.  She walked me through the entire experience without being condescending or chatty.Prices have gone up dramatically since my last visit, so it's difficult giving this place 5 stars.  I do, however, want to try out one of the massage packages they offer at some point.  Once you get over the price and the random naked dudes you'll see from time to time, you'll find that the Bellagio Las Vegas Spa is a very chill joint.
4	Back in Feb I came to Las Vegas for a weekend getaway with the then bf (now ex). He was being deployed to Iraq and was doing a 3 month training in Cali. So we met in San Diego and drove to Vegas together. I had made reservations for us to stay at the Bellagio and as a surprise to my very Alpha Male ex, made reservations for a couples massage in the Bellagio Spa. Upon arrival we were greeted and lead to our separate changing areas. We were told to take advantage of the spa areas (separate for male and female) and then we could meet in the general area and we'd be called when they were ready for us to come into the massage area. Along the way we were also given a tour of the other facilities that were available for our use. Including the meditation room. Side Note: If you come to The Bellagio Spa, TAKE FULL ADVANTAGE OF THE MEDITATION ROOM!!!!! OMG.... When I grow up to be rich and successful, I want to mimic the Bellagio Spa Meditation Room in my house. Imagine a dimly lit room with little waterfalls and reflection pools... The calming sound of running water and a little added sountrack of nature sounds... Breathing in and out, deeply and in rhythm with the sound of water... Ahh.... *snaps back into reality*Ok... So we're called and greeted by our masseuse and lead back to our room. The room is a typical spa room that was set up with two massage tables. We are given our choice of massage oils and then we settled on our individual tables. The massage was going wonderfully and there is a part where they do a hot stone massage. The masseuse places hot stones between each finger and each toe and several along your back. So it's peaceful and relaxing and then all of a sudden you hear a loud snore and the sound of rocks dropping to the floor... Yes... My ex fell asleep and jerked wildly as he always does when sleeping and all of his rocks fell to the floor.... At this point I burst into uncontrollable laughter which made my masseuse start to laugh as well... I couldn't catch my breath for about 5 min.... But yeah... The massage was great. But I'll have to agree with Tony L on this. I'm knocking off 1 star for price. It's a great place, but for that price, it ain't all that great....
3	I am only giving it 3 stars because overall the amenities and cleanliness was above 5 star but the massage I got SUCKED. It feels like camp there also, you go in and get ready for your treatment than go to a lobby and they come in and get everyone who has a 1 o 'clock appointment and than you go on this long walk to another lobby area where your therapist one at a time comes and gets you. and than you end up having to tip like 4 different people! SUCKS
5	$25 for full use of the spa facilities?  I'm so there.  Went there for a catch-up weekend with an old friend, and it was so nice to just go from area to area, and relax and talk.  We were there for hours.  The amenities are very clean and it's a very comfortable atmosphere.  I haven't tried their additional services like facials, but I plan to.
5	I recently visited the Spa Bellagio and had two services with an excellent aesthetician.  The facilities themselves are quite impressive, with extensive amenities and a wide range of treatments, but it was my technician that left the most lasting impression.I had a detoxifying body wrap and facial combination. My aesthetician was an absolutely beautiful woman from Italy, named Liliana, who has over 20 years of experience in the industry. She demonstrated the highest levels of knowledge, expertise and professionalism possible. I hope I look even half as good as she does when I am her age!Las Vegas is a town full of excitement, entertainment and vice. My time in the spa was a very different experience from the rest of the trip, and my favorite part of the Bellagio. I can very honestly and enthusiastically give my five star recommendation to Liliana Prima at the Spa Bellagio. She exceeded my (very high) expectations in every way.
4	What's a girl to do when the BF and his guy friend goes to watch WSOP tournament in Vegas?That's right.. now we're talkin'   :-)While the boys were in Rio watching the tourney, the girls had a super relaxing aromatherapy massage at the spa.  Works for me!The place was very nice and clean and we were given nice robes and "croc" like slippers to wear around the spa. There's plenty of areas where you can just roam or sit around, and enjoy the lack of noise while sipping on one of their varieties of beverages and fruit. We didn't hang out in the lounge room prior to our massage because we hardly had to wait for it. The area where you get the services done is waaaaay back, and I mean.. waaaay back. You had to go through an endless corridor to get to the waiting area where your masseuse will come and escort you. Now.. I'm 4'11", yes I know .. I'm can't even lie that I'm 5" .  I heard my name being called, and I saw this man who's my mas sues and he's .. oh I don't know .. maybe about 6'3"?  I started laughing inside because I can just imagine how big his hands are when he's massaging me.True enough, his hands were about half of the length of my back!  OK, so maybe I'm alone in finding this amusing.  But this is my review.  So ppphlt!  :-DAnyway, the massage room had soft music, dim lighting, and not until I was on my belly on the massage table that I notice that they had ambient lighting on the floor.  I was given a choice of 7 different oils of which i can only remember: lime, ylang-ylang and lavender. I ended up choosing "calm & peace" which was a mix of 2 oils.My masseuse, Ethan, was very good, despite my challenging size. He also had a very soothing voice, perfect for a spa. I didn't want  the massage to end, but alas, all good things must come to an end.Back to the spa portion, there are 4 different Jacuzzis although we just stayed in one so I'm not sure what the differences are if there's any.  The showers have cool ambient lighting and four  (yes that's one, two, three four) shower heads 2 wall ones, a "rainfall" one, and a hand-held one.For hair, they provided, hair dryer, hair straightener, and gels. (no anti-frizz though)  For body, they have 3 different kinds of lotions.For face, they have cleanser and toner, but no face lotion. boooThey have other things too such as nail file, hair ties, etc.,etcWhat would have been nice though, if they 2 separate areas, 1 for activities done around the sink (brushing teeth, washing hand, etc) and  another for vanity area for blow drying hair and putting on make up, etc.All in all.. this was a good experience with good company.Was it worth $145 plus tip?That's debatable.  But then again, we *were* at the  Bellagio.if I ever come back here again, perhaps I'll visit the different rooms such as the meditation room, steam room, etc.
5	These were GOOD massages and the thing that pushed me over the top was the raining quiet room!
5	As a built-in time away from the family, my BFF planned a spa day for her "ladies in waiting" the day before her wedding.We got to the spa just over an hour before our massages. That's when we slipped off to a fantasy land where the outside world didn't exist. We were led on a tour and soon thereafter stripped down to nothing and put on wonderful robes.The four of us started in a whirlpool hot tub and then sat in the sauna for a bit. Wow, who knew sweating out all the alcohol from the night before would feel so good?We had to be in the waiting room 10 minutes before our massage. They came and got those of us who had 11:00 appointments and led us down a long, dim hallway, where we sat for a few minutes.I had a hot stone massage and it was way cool. Only not cool because the stones were hot.My friend reserved the meditation room, where we all met after our massages.  Our fantasy land just kept going. It was so nice and quiet and relaxing. We had a delicious lunch there as well, including desserts from Jean Phillipe. Wow!! The work that goes in to those things is amazing!The spa staff took really good care of us in every way.It was super indulgent and so super nice.
5	Holy cow, the Spa at Bellagio is amazing! After a night of heavy drinking and a horrible morning after, the girls and I headed to the mediocre buffet at Bellagio. I couldn't eat and was feeling worse and worse by the second so decided to call the Spa just a few steps away to see if they had appointments on demand. They did (usually for hotel guests only but since it was a slow Sunday, we got in) so my friend and I headed over there half an hour before our appointments. Let's dissect this spa bit by bit. First, the space itself is gorgeous. They sure paid attention to detail. From the moment you step into the elevator, you know you're going to have a relaxing experience. The mood lighting, from the fabulous "tropical rain" style showers to my private massage room, constantly changed from a relaxing green to orange to pink. It really created a lovely ambiance fit for a nice spa. The several walks you take to finally arrive in your massage room is gorgeous. You walk past the conservatory, pools, and dimly lit corridors. Next, the amenities. Spa Bellagio has an excellent sauna (with obvious minerals sprayed into the mist), steam room, jacuzzi, and showers. The shared space was heavily stocked with juice, waters, towels, products. For beautification, they had an abundance of high end products - nice lotions, nail polish remover, everything you could think of, they had. Even our robes and spa shoes were nifty. Unfortunately, we arrived unprepared and did not have swimsuits to change into. Usually I wouldn't mind stripping down bare (as it was "swimsuit optional") but every other patron wore swimsuits. :( We couldn't take full advantage of the amenities but I can appreciate it when I see it.So, on to reviewing my massage. I've never spent a better $130! I will admit that it's a little pricey (I don't like spending over $115 (before tip) on a massage if I can help it) but well worth every penny. Definitely beats other "fancy" spas I've been to for the same amount of moola. I received a Swedish from Kevin. Kevin was so so good at what he does. He's polite, talkative when appropriate, and amazing with his hands. Even kinda cute :) For 50 minutes, I thought I was in heaven. Emerging out of heaven, I was hang-over free and felt like a million bucks. It was just what I needed. Now I know. Don't schedule your spa treatments the day you arrive... schedule it before you leave to get rid of the "Vegas" sore. I've never stayed at the hotel but it's higher on my list now that I've had this experience with the spa.As always... I will find something wrong with every thing I review. The one thing I feel Spa Bellagio could improve on is the reservation system over the phone. When I called to book my appointment, the girl I spoke to was kind of a ding dong. Yikes. Not nearly enough to take any stars away, though. 5 stars for Spa Bellagio.
5	I love getting spa treatments and have tried many different spas throughout the U.S. My staple is Burke Williams cause it's close and convenient. But on a recent trip to Las Vegas with my husband I decided to try the Bellagio Spa. This place by far exceeds any spa I have been too. Including the Four Seasons in Maui and the Fairmont Kei Lani in Maui.The treatments we got was a couples massage and an Indian back, shoulder and head massage. We were about 15 minutes late because we over slept but they still accommodated us and didn't dock us the 15 mins. After our wonderful massages we were led to this Zen room that was so peaceful even I, who my husband says is always "go, go, go", took a moment and just sat. It was so peaceful and relaxing I actually dozed off! The next place was the shower - now I would never review a shower - but this was the most heavenly showering experience I ever had. It had the rain shower head (not that special since it's in most spas) and had 4 other shower heads surrounding you (also not that special since this also are in most spas). What made it so wonderful was a combination of the shampoo/conditioner products, the "just-right" water pressure hitting you everywhere, the "just-right" water temperature... well, it's just pure bliss and I only wish everyone gets to experience this luxury. I thought it was just me but at dinner later I was discussing with my husband and he laughed cause he loved it too. So much so he said he washed his hair 4 times so he could just be under the water that much longer! Only negative is you have to be a hotel guest to make an appointment.
5	uh. maze. ing. most wonderful massage ive ever received. we enjoyed the couples massage with hot stones. i couldnt believe that it was 50 minutes... i wish i couldve stayed all day! the green tea oil they used was the perfect scent for relaxation and it stayed on my skin all day! the shower was one of those rainfall kinds and had like, 4 other heads on the wall. the shampoo was great, shaving cream, the hair products. they even had a flat iron! i was quite surprised! and i used it! basically, if you want to spend a shitload of money but be extremely satisfied, then come here. they didnt even mind that we were late for our appointment.
5	Absolute decadence!  I will definitely return to try other spa treatments.I had the relaxation massage with the cooling eye treatment.  Hungover friend had the hot stone massage.  We both raved about our respective treatments when we met up in the dry sauna.The facilities in the women's area make my bathroom at home look like an outhouse.  And the shower?  Ahhhh, the shower.  They should really call it the masturbation quarters since they have a "directional shower wand" attachment.  Who are you kidding, Bellagio?  You know the ladies are in there using that thing to violate their naughty bits.  Not me, of course.  But I'm sure the others were in there with that wand aimed at their peekachu!
5	ignore the girl's that check you in - they're a bit on the slower side. once you can get past them, you'll be in absolute, amazing, damn fine heaven.spa bellagio really and truly, is worth the money. hell, i was watching real $$ wives of atlanta the other day and their treatments were more pricey than here and i'm sure they do not compare.i got a couple massage (this rocked as a warm up for the weekend). on saturday, i got the signature facial. and today, i got the most amaaaaaazing treatment i done ever experienced:RAIN DROP THERAPY...holy mother of mothers. was it awesome. she swears that i'll feel the effects for 7-10 days and if i hydrate myself correctly, maybe even for a month!she warned me in the beginning that it was going to burn and it did. at one point, i was imagining a very bright red back and flames coming out of it. i had to remind myself that if i had 2nd degree burns, i'd be coming out on top. then, i breathed deep and looked at the colors underneath me (chroma therapy, galore at spa bellagio!) when it stopped burning, it was done. holy shit. i walk differently. i swear. i feel like a baby who can walk, talk, and be an adult.so...spend the $205 and get the raindrop therapy. tip your therapist at least $48 b/c she's that worth it.And then, the best part of the spa? you get to partake in the amenities. steam room with eucalyptus! lovely lime and lemon water! herbal tea! sauna! and the SHOWER with chroma therapy, a rainforest shower head and a body wand. oh and lots of nice touches (free rezors, lotion, robes for the day, etc.)my husband and i are planning on going back as often as we can. we'll never forget you, spa bellagio. i'll never forget you, sue.
5	WOOOW!  The best spa I've been to...EVER!  I was on a business trip in Vegas and decided since I have an hour to spare, why not hit the spa?  It was the best decision I've made in a long time.  The spa is beautiful, spacious and ginormous!  I paid for the 50 min. Therapeutic Fusion Massage.  My massuse was amazing!  She not only took out all my knots on my shoulders but she did it in a way where it didnt hurt while removing the knots.  She exercised my arms and shoulders to loosen up the tension.  She was wonderful. I need to go back so I can experience the facility.  I paid the amount but didnt have enough time to try out the steam rooms, saunas or showers.  There's always a next time!  From all the spas I've been to in LA, it doesnt beat this spa.
3	The interior of this place is GORGEOUS!I do think it's a strange process of getting you to your treatment though. I made my way through the Bellagio Conservatory into Reception Area 1 of the spawhere I was told to take the elevator upstairs to Reception Area 2where I was checked in, then directed toReception Area 3 in the ladies section. I was given a quick little tour and the facilities are stunning. I stripped down and threw on my robe then went to Waiting Area 1where a bunch of ladies and I were rounded up, checked in by last name, then marched down a long (felt like .5 mile, yes I'm exaggerating) hall to Waiting Area 2which is the co-ed section. Where we waited another 10 minutes. My therapist retrieved me from here and we were off on another mile hike through beautiful, dim, long hallways. I had the seasonal plum/persimmon massage which was nice, particularly the part with the hot stones on my feet and between my toes, but my therapist (though she was VERY NICE) was kind of lame. Bummer!At the end of it, she gave me a take home jar of body butter (confiscated at the airport today) and led me back to the ladies lounge where I hung out in the sauna, then one of the 4 hot tubs. I took a great shower and then went on with my day.I think I would try the full body hot stone massage here, but otherwise, I'm sticking to Canyon Ranch over at the Venetian.
3	I was so excited to try the spa here after reading the reviews. Unfortunately, it did not come even close to meeting my standards. I tried the Raindrop Therapy and did not feel any different then when I first came in there. His massage felt rushed and unbalanced. I had a hard time relaxing because of this. He would work on one leg for 10 minutes, 5 minutes on the next.I then had a body wrap and a mini facial with Terry. The mini facial was nice but the body wrap was not worth $175. I've had better. Terry was very sweet though and I really enjoyed the mini facial. My treatments totaled to $450..had I been blown away by this spa, I would 't be complaining. This was the thing I was looking forward to the most on my trip, and it ended up being the most disappointing. The spa itself is huge and beautiful and the showers are great too, but that's about the only thing I can give it. If you're in Huntington Beach, try Skin Deep for body treatments and facials and go to Lorenzo at Massage Envy for massages. I promise his massage will not disappoint and the price won't hurt you either ($39 for first timer)
3	Nice upscale spa.  I got a haircut and while the staff and service were excellent, there was nothing special about it except the price.  One good thing about the salon and spa is that is is open to hotel guests only, so getting an appointment at the last minute can usually be accommodated.  I'd stick with Canyon Ranch at the Venetian/Palazzo
3	stayed in this hotel last weekend so decided to try the spa.it's annoying having to walk the "reception area" just to be told it's upstairs. i hate that extra footwork, especially after a hangover. so actual spa was on 2nd floor, so first floor was probably the salon area.there sure was a lot of walking to do, because the changing room and massage area was quite some walk compared to any other spa i'd been to. waiting room was co-ed. this is definitely a huge spa area with the long corridor and many rooms.had a 50 min deep tissue massage. therapist had good strength, skill was not bad but again, too much use of small surface area pressure like using like the thump to rub hardly on an area. i like a wide-surface area massage, like using the whole hand or arms or whatever. neck massage didn't relief any aches and was just painful. service was good.
2	I really feel like the more expensive the hotel, the more they charge for internet and the gym.  $25 to run on a treadmill for 30 min.  Come on!  Yes, I could have used the steam room, but I didn't have the time.  The machines were nice. It was pretty cramped, though. They did have apples and water. Also, there were these really nice freezing towels that had been soaked in something like lemon. It was really nice.  Still not wort $25, though.
4	I like this place and the massage was great.  Had the deluxe massage with the mint/lime/ginger oil massaged into my scalp.  I chose this because of the cold I'd been suffering from for 5 days.  The steam room is the best out of any of the other spas I've been to so far.  It's really a eucalyptus steam room, again I needed that due to my nagging cold.  I really did not like the hot tub/spas situated in the middle where the vichy showers and saunas/steam rooms were located.  There's absolutely no privacy and I didn't see anyone really hanging out there, sadly.  I love the baths at QUA at Caesars.  LOVE QUA at Caesars - try that spa next if you haven't been.I would come back to Bellagio spa again if I'm not offered QUA first.
5	My favorite Spa. Hands down. Period. This spa is SO clean.  The people are SO professional.  The spa is so large that I truly would have been lost if I wasn't being guided by a staff member.We spent a full day at the Bellagio spa. The spa is only available to people staying at the hotel, so it wasn't a problem booking our treatments. I've been to a few spas, but the Bellagio spa is by far the best and largest I've been to. I would definitely go back just for the Vichy shower and relaxation rooms. I had a Vichy shower, sea weed body wrap, facial, manicure, and pedicure. All of the services were excellent.If you can only afford ($ or time) to do one thing at the spa... it's got to be the Vichy shower. You go into a room with a table with multiple shower heads above it.  The table is covered with towels and is very comfortable.  You lay on it and choose a scrub.  The spa technician then uses the exfoliant and scrubs your whole body.  It's a massage with a scrub with shower heads all hitting you at once.  It's perfect.  I've tried the Vichy shower in many other places and this is the best one. Yes, it's expensive, but it's the Bellagio in Las Vegas.  It's not going to be a $20 massage. I think it is expensive but worth the price.
5	Robert, you are fabulous!  This is my second massage with him.  He's great and knows how to really get in there and hit those spots.Of course, the facilities are fantastic and OCD clean.  Love the robes.  I would live here, if I could.  And Robert would be my husband and massage me every night.
5	whenever I yelp about another spa, I think: well, it isn't the Bellagio..... enough said?
5	I would come back here in a heartbeat! I didn't have any treatments done but my bride-to-be friend and I purchased a day pass to enjoy an afternoon of luxury. After some bananas and a V8 we worked out in their huge gym. It was almost empty, very clean and had plenty of machines with TVs, mini water bottles, and headsets provided. Next came relaxing in the steam room, consuming much water and free juices, varying temperature hot tubs, the sauna and getting ready for the pool in a locker room that had everything you'd ever need!What an awesome way to spend the day, especially in preparation for a crazy weekend...
5	my friend and i came for a 50 min relaxation massage. it was really easy getting an appt. only guests can use the spa so it was not crowded like other hotels. (i love canyon ranch at the venetian but it's so big now after the renovation - it can somewhat feel like a factory)i had diana and she was amazing! don't let her size fool you - she knows how to work those muscles! i explained i had just done a half marathon and wanted to try focus on my legs - she offered to use the hot stone therapy massage as her treat for part of my treatment (i have never done the hot stones and they truly enhance the treatment) my friend and i were both very pleased with our treatments.
5	I've had my fair share of massages. From the lotion slathered open air beach massage of the Dominican Republic, to the rushed barely 50 minute massage courtesy of the company dime...most of my experiences were pleasant, but not absolutely awesome, need to go back next week kind of thing. Paulie is the kind of guy I'd write home about. And the Spa Bellagio is the kind of place I'd make a point to revisit on my next trip to Vegas. I went into my appointment thinking about how much I just wanted to put my head down, relax and enjoy 50 simple minutes of silence while I anticipate the cramped cross country flight home. But Paulie drew me out of my shell (ok, who are we kidding - it doesn't take much to get me to talk.....), and asked a lot of open ended questions about how I spend my day. He then started to assess what types of muscle tension I may have, and really worked those muscles. I wasn't really prepared for the sports massage type therapy I received, but it was the best thing I needed to relieve my sore, fatigued, post marathon muscle pain. I left feeling extremely relaxed, and look forward to my next visit to Vegas. The spa itself is very clean, inviting, and well kept. The steam room was eucalyptus scented, and was the perfect way to relax post massage. Pricey, but I gained more than I would have dumping it into a slot machine.
4	Simply put, the Bellagio spa is one of the lesser-noted gems of a legendary property; it is the archetype of a large-scale spa, with an elegant, spacious layout, strong amenities, huge marble steam room, sauna and big hot/cold plunges, excellent waterfall-option showers, comfortable lounge, strong retail, fitness and salon offerings and all floor-length lockers. Also a nice balcony view of the conservatory when coming and going. Mud baths, thalasso therapy and ashiatsu are among their treatments.I enjoyed a rare Watsu floating massage treatment that was definitively theraputic, physically and mentally. Absolutely worth $210. Request therapist Alice.
4	I LOVED this spa! I was treated very well and enjoyed my Relaxation Massage. I felt comfortable to walk around the spa area and enjoy the meditation room.If you're in Las Vegas, this is a great way to recover from a crazy night.
5	Bella bellagio--how i love you. I found a little piece of heaven in the bizzaro Disneyland for drunken adults that is called Vegas. Everything about this place was close to perfection. The hot tubs are slightly sunken, so that you don't see the person in the next pool.. the steam room was spacious, super clean and fragrant with eucalyptus. So many different waiting areas, lots of magazines, fruit, juices, tea, water ( in my heaven, there would be almonds, dried fruit and chocolate,too.) The interiors featured natural light, crystal chandeliers, candles and gorgeous rows of sexy red anthuriums. My masseuse, Evelyn, took away 3 months of neck & shoulder pain, and was quite charming. I think it was called a fusion massage.I have been to many a spa around the country . The prices are comparable to my hometown, maybe more on the pricey side.   If I go to Vegas again, I will be sure to spend an entire day here, lounging, contemplating, steaming, bathing, relaxing, and maybe sneaking in some chocolate.
4	NCAA tournament time and Vegas=good time..... What can make this better??? A good break at the spa! I went into the Bellagio spa thinkin' I was gonna have to pay an arm & a leg to get in the spa....but I was mistaken....It was a Vegas 25 buck steal.... Good saunas; both the steam and dry sauna were top notch. Nothin' like a little eucalyptus to help you steam out the toxins from a long Vegas nite out!! The hot and cold jacuzzies were good; my only issue would have been that the cold jacuzzi didn't have the jets going. The showers and wash areas were good...nothin' like a multi-directional shower. They could do better in the facial department in the wash area. If they had more items to clean and pamper your face, I probably would rate it as high as the Mandalay Bay spa. But overall, it's quite a bargain. The customer service in the spa was outstanding, from the front desk to the people working in the spa; it was all GOOD!
5	If The Vatican had a spa - the Bellagio Las Vegas would be it. This place just hemorrhages superfluity. And it's so monolithic, you basically have to be escorted down the meandering hallways from one room to another. Massage (one of the best I've had, ever), facial, and salon treatments were all luxurious, pampering, indulgent...nothing short of a spiritual awakening. I'll be back, Bellagio. God bless you.
3	Was oddly, surprisingly underwhelmed by the Bellagio spa. Well, let me restate. Totally OVERwhelmed by the size of it; getting from the locker area to treatment rooms involved what seemed like a quarter-mile walk through an uber-contemporary series of hallways. My body scrub and mini-facial was fine but--and this is due in part to my choice of services--I feel like I paid a heck of a lot to have someone rub some salt on me, for me to take my own shower to wash it off, then coat me in goo. And when I heard the telltale "beepbeepBEEP" of a Clarisonic face cleaner, I was like, "Seriously? I'm paying you to clean my face with the same exact gizmo I have sitting on my bathroom counter at home?!?"I've been to a good number of spas and Bellagio's is certainly a great example of pampering but I would suggest that you select treatments that really require lots of service (massage, perhaps?) to get your money's worth.The mani-pedi combo is nice, because they do them both at once. Saves time and makes you feel like a freakin' spoiled rotten princess/beyotch.
4	Overall great experience!My girlfriend and I purchased a couple's massage and were not disappointed at all. For starters the changing/waiting area for the men was great. They provide you with slippers, a bathrobe, beverages, and ESPN. It doesn't get much better than that. My girlfriend said the area for the women was very tranquil. The massage itself was given by two very professional masseuses. I can honestly say I felt like a new man when I left the massage.
3	Two and a half stars. I was really looking forward to an awesome spa day at the Bellagio. I love visiting the different spas in Vegas, and thought this would be the best of the best. Sadly, not so. I booked a prenatal massage, and a Bellagio Signature facial with the spa several days before arriving for our stay. I was really excited, and expected to roam the spa hallways, relaxing in their tea room, etc. I planned on getting to the spa a couple of hours ahead of time just so I could relax before my massage and facial. Since I was pregnant, I wouldn't be able to enjoy any of the steams or sauna rooms, but I thought I would take a peek anyway to see what they were like. I also went in early thinking I would explore the 65,000 square feet of spa to see what they have to offer. The staff service was just ok. When I got there, the lady was nice, but not very gracious. I felt like I was imposing myself on her at a very busy time. But, it was 2pm on a Tuesday afternoon. They were not busy at all. I was given a pair of spa shoes, and taken to the locker room. She offered to show me around, and I agreed. This is where the disappointment sets in. The actual "spa" part of the Bellagio spa is very small. Everything is situated in the same room. There were four small pools with varying degrees of heat. They looked like jacuzzi pools. Around the pools were lots of glass doors. All but two of them were body treatment rooms, only to be used if you have a body service booked. There was a sauna and steam room, but I was too disappointed to check them out. After I got changed into my robe, I looked around to see if the area extended beyond the pool area. It did not. So, I settled into their tea room with a glass of iced-tea and a magazine. They had a nice set-up of beverages, offering both hot and iced-teas, juices and some fruit (though the fruit was not cut-up, nor were there any knives/plates to eat them off of).It got a little boring just sitting around and reading a magazine. I usually would visit the steam room or pools, but since I was pregnant, I could do neither. When it came time for my massage, I was taken to the massage/treatment waiting area. The trip to the waiting area was where I got to see how big the place really is. But, why would they make the massage rooms and its waiting area so large? It seems like a waste of space to not be able to utilize so much area for relaxation with additional pools or steam rooms, etc, like they have at other spas. The other thing I didn't like was that the waiting room for the massage/treatment area was co-ed. It might be nice for couples to wait for their treatments together, but the rest of us were walking around naked under our robes, and it felt really weird to be sitting around this way with a bunch of strange men. The massage itself was nice. But, not great. I love massages, and I get a few a month at a minimum. The only thing that was great about the massage was that they had a foam belly cut-out for me, so I could lay on my belly during the massage. The lady who was performing the massage was very sweet, but didn't use enough pressure, even after I asked for it on my shoulders and legs. She kept reminding me that a prenatal massage is gentle and light. It doesn't have to be on the shoulders and legs, I thought, but whatever. The facial was great. The estatician was very knowledgable and did a good job. But, like another reviewer said here, when she busted out a Clarisonic brush, I felt a little cheated since I use one of those everyday at home. I expected a lot more for a facial that cost me about $200 with tip. The shower area was nice, but not very clean. This was surprising to me since this was the Bellagio spa, plus it was not very busy at all. There were a total of less than 10 spa-goers, so I'm not sure what the filth was all about. Most of the showers looked used, and were not refreshed by the staff. There were used razors and used towels in many of the stalls. The staff that I did see working around the shower/locker room area didn't seem to be happy to be there, and in general were not too friendly. Service is what Bellagio is all about, but unfortunately, service is what the Spa at Bellagio lacked that day.Overall, I would not go back to the Spa at Bellagio, even if we were staying there. It wasn't that great, nor could I justify dropping $400 for a day at the spa, when the spa didn't have much to offer. For a fabulous time at a Vegas spa, be sure to visit Qua at Caesar's Palace. Qua is worth the money and time, and  you don't have to be a guest at the hotel to visit it.
5	Still the pampering goodness I remembered.  Ahhhh, Bellagio Spa.  I do love thee.As many times as I've stayed at the Bellagio and have gone to the Spa, this is the first time I've visited the Salon.  Lovely, gorgeous, beautiful.  Sam gave me the "Bellagio Blow Out".  I had volume like nobody's business!  Not Texas beauty queen stiff big hair, but moveable and sexy.  Exactly what I wanted.
5	My go to spot in las vegas is bellagio, i've been staying there for years..the suites/reg. rooms are nice even if it's kinda older there services makes up for it.... i've been to this spa many times, i always get the rest & relaxation package (50min stone massage and 80min custom face and body treatment)..i like the size of the spa not to small not to big, it's just right (men's side)..Plus the staff is extra nice,the massage and body treatment therpists were great, if you have extra money to blow stop by the spa and you'll come out a different person
4	On the last day of my long weekend in Vegas, I felt like I needed to recharge. We had already checked out of the hotel and all my girlfriends were out gambling (something I definitely don't have any interests in). What's a girl to do? I was so tired and worn out, all I really wanted to do was sleep and detox. Thank goodness for the Bellagio Spa. The facilities are fabulous. There was never more than four people in one given spot (actually, I was usually the only person in each area -- love it!)  and I really felt like I could just sauna all my aches and pains away. I loved the four hot tubs with different temperatures, the sauna and steam rooms, lounges, oh.. and the fabulous hidden treasure -- the tranquility room (completely dimmed to mood lighting, with mimics of rainfall and tons of day beds and blankets to nap in). My massage with hot stones also hit the spot. Overall, a great experience and definitely a good deal for the price.
5	How can you beat a spa that has it's own wing of a hotel dedicated to it?So I have been to a variety of Vegas spas and none of them hold a candle to the Bellagio. The staff is friendly and helpful. Plus, this place is huge. I'm guessing that any given moment up to 150 people could be receiving massages at the same time. Even with the grandeur in scale the service never lacks.  Everyone knows your name and offers plenty of assistance.The husband and I had a couples massage that included river rocks and aromatherapy....on the house. We just booked a couples massage and they tossed in the extras gratis. Lounging in the lady spa was amazing. You have to try out the eucalyptus steam room, the hot tubs, and the sauna...all well worth the day pass. The showers can't be beat, first off they light up in different colors as they sprinkle you with water, there's a wand for hand held cleaning and the whole kit and kaboodle is inside a spacious stall where you can easily keep  a towel and robe dry. When in Vegas do as the Bellagians and visit the spa...frequently!
3	This is a review of the SPA and GYM only.  Not the salon. A day pass was $29, and a three-day pass was $70.  This was during a December weekend. As much as I want to give all spas in Las Vegas a 5 star rating,  I gotta stick to my honest opinions about a place of which I had such high expectations.  Maybe its because my first spa experience in vegas was at the Encore, so every spa i've visited, i just have a natural tendency to compare to them, but if Bellagio is considered as regal as the CityCenter, Encore/Wynn, Ceasars, and now the Cosmopolitan, then I do expect a LOT. While they do dedicate an entire wing of the hotel to the spa, the size (to me at least) was only so-so.  The main desk of the spa just looked like a check out counter in a gift shop.  Other spas are the same, their layout was just...awkward.  I like the view of the Atrium on the balcony that connects the women's side and the men's side.  The lobby and seating area's to me, were just so...plain. And the lockers used keys rather than codes. (Maybe its because the Bellagio is a little olds school?) The gym was what you'd expect.  They had all your standard equipment, but what I did not like was that instead of supplying you with free ice-cold water bottles, all they have were water  coolers on each side of the room where you refill using paper cups.  Kudos to the large size of the sauna and steam room, as well as the eucalyptus scent of the steam room.  However, the jacuzzi area was a little disappointing as well.  I counted only 2 chaise lounges. The M resort's jacuzzi room was smaller than this and they had 4 chaise lounges!  The individual showers are probably the best feature in the spa.  Color changing lights, waterfall feature, and top quality products (shampoo, conditioner, soap) at least let me leave my spa experience feeling how I like to feel when i leave the spa- refreshed,  relaxed, and luxurious.  I do like that they carry a large selection of beverages, but their ice water was not "fancy" the way i'm used to (see my review on the spa at the Encore).  -not so sanitary findings:1. I discovered a questionable brown stain on one of their towels. 2. Really?  How often are they going to change out the hair brushes?  I don't want to brush my jet-black hair with some other chick's blond/gray hair in it!  Hopefully I'll up them a star when i come back for a massage.  The massage prices were pretty decent compared to the Encore.  But then again, I'm still searching for the spa that will match the quality of the spa at Encore....and i have a feeling QUA or COSMO might have it....til next time vegas!
2	I'd love to believe when you vacation to a resort-like hotel the the spa experience would be stellar.  Guess that makes me wrong for once.  I'm only human.  My girl friends and I had a variety of services including manicures, pedicures, polish changes and eyelash applications.  As expected, each came at a hefty price.While I understand there are a multitude of other offerings, you'd think they'd be able to cover the basics?  2 stars is generous.  Oh - and if you think you may be pampered with a glass of wine or mimosa, think again...that will cost you an additional $15.
4	Facilities were clean and spacious, but I should focus more on raving about the deep tissue massage I received!  I believe my therapist's name was Michael...not sure, but the BEST deep tissue/swedish combo I've ever had in Vegas.  Seriously.
3	Ehh... That about describes it.  The services are nice (Watsu is a specialty -- you should google it), but overall I wasn't impressed.  The facilities are definitely not on par with other spas I've been to.  They have 4 whirlpool tubs all next to each other with varying temperatures.  They also have a sauna and steam room.  The steam room is one of the best I've been to (with a shower and all), but overall the facilities are just okay.  Not great, not terrible.If you're looking for more of a spa day, I would suggest going to either Aria or Caesar's Palace.  Both of those spas are much, much better overall.
5	Had a great day at the Bellagio spa yesterday (2/20/11).  I had a deep tissue massage with Sasha and a facial with Meredith, both of whom were amazing.  The facilities were beautiful and luxurious and everyone who worked there was friendly, professional, and welcoming.  My only regret is that I didn't budget enough time to enjoy some of the other amenities, like the sauna.  Looking forward to spending even more time in there next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I had a pedicure at the Salon while a guest.  The massage chair needs to have more pressure, the privacy factor alittle lacking, asI overheard more about others conversations than I wanted to hear.  However, Teresa was professional, gave a fabulous leg massage, and was quiet when I made it clear I just wanted to relax.  I knew it would be pricey, but it was Vegas, so had to take advantage of my time in such a lovely place.
5	By far the most heavenly spa experiences. My husband and I always make sure to book a couples massage when we stay at the Bellagio. The massages are simply amazing!  The spa its self is beautiful, clean and a true delight to the senses. I have had other services at the spa as well and must say the coconut bath was an indulgent treat I didn't want to end! The spa staff are friendly and caring.  Everyone is helpful and professional and really do work hard to make sure you enjoy your visit.
5	I had an unforgettable experience at the Bellagio Spa. While pricey, it was one of the best facial and body scrubs I've experienced.  It was as if I was back in Korea, the land of spa heaven.  I hope to return again soon!
4	My wife and I signed up for the couples massage during our last stay and were rewarded with a very relaxing experience.  On the day that your massage is scheduled you have full access to the spa for the entire day.  Take your time and arrive well ahead of your scheduled massage time or leave ample time post massage to partake of the facilities.  The men's spa had four jacuzzi whirlpools and a steam and dry sauna.   There are separate shower stalls with rain shower heads.  Plenty of sink basins and snacks and drinks are provided.   My wife reported similar facilities on the ladies' side.  When you're time comes up, the host takes you to the common lounge where you meet with your partner.  The therapists then take you to your massage room where they offer you several choices of massage oil.  The massages are Swedish deep tissue style, but the masseuse will tailor the pressure to your liking.  They include hot rock therapy which was very enjoyable.One thing that you should be aware of is that the spa is clothing optional.   Interestingly, my wife reported that on her side the women wore suits while on my side it was like "Spartacus".   One guy just slowly walked around the perimeter of the jacuzzi  like he was on a runway.   Overall it was a warm, generous, and relaxing experience and a special treat to you and your significant other.  Give yourself a lot of time to use the spa and indulge in your massage.
4	The staff were great and I would have given it five stars, but, didn't need the lecture from the masseuses about not drinking enough water and working on a computer.  Okay, I freely admit that enjoy my one cup of coffee and one mixed drink a day, but have been pounding down water like crazy.  Seriously, we're in the dessert!  Then she starts in with questions about whether I work with computers.  What a ridiculous question.  How many people who can afford the services if the Bellagio spa don't use a computer?  I admit I may be wound too tight, but if I didn't use a computer at work and carry all that stress in my muscles, I wouldn't be there in the first place.  You go to a spa like this for them to relieve the stress of everyday life.  I didn't need to hear it from the masseuse. She did get the knots out of my back and neck, the atmosphere and facilities absolutely first rate and the rest of the staff was wonderful, but can't give this spa five stars.
4	Top notch space... The showers and steam room were particularly impressive.  The massage was good but not great.  There wasnt any coed places which always sucks in a spa.  But overall money well spent.
3	I selected this spa based on the good name of the Hotel. I have no negative comments the facility is great, but I was not impressed by the massage or the facial, just basic, nothing special or unique about their services.
4	I had such a relaxing experience at the Bellgaio Spa -Just popped in for a massage before an evening out and it totally rejuvenated me, especially after a long flight from the East Coast.My attendant paid extra attention to areas that were especially tense and was careful not to apply to much pressure.  Treatment rooms are very peaceful, and I love the eastern inspired music.
5	Simply perfect in all aspects!
5	Love the spa here, my husband and I always book a treatment here when we're in town.  The facilities are great and the massages are amazing.  The staff seem really experienced and aren't pushy with their products.  I've had facials here too and those were great as well.  A nice get away from all the craziness downstairs.
4	Very nice place. Got the seeweed wrap with a facial.  My aesthetician was very informative.  Place was huge.  Go a few hours before your actual appointment so you can enjoy the other amenities that are included when you book a treatment.  Nice relaxing place after a night out.
5	This review is for the salon (specifically, the nail area). I previously had a pretty terrible experience getting a mani/pedi at one of Bellagio's (more expensive) competitors, so I was a little cautious about booking this service. However, it couldn't have been better! The chairs are super comfy and massage your back while you are getting manicured. They also gave me a brief shoulder massage before starting my service. The basic mani/ pedi includes a scrub of your choice (pineapple for me), and it smelled and felt great. The ladies working on me were very nice and professional, and did a good job of gauging when clients want to chat and when they want to just relax. Not only did I get an excellent manicure and pedicure, but also a very relaxing experience. They also have a little shop on your way out, and I found a pair of super cute flip-flops to show off my pampered toes!
2	As a bride I was VERY disappointed with the services!  They ran more than a half hour past my appointment making me late to my own wedding and because the hair dresser was rushing the curls all fell out and my hair looked horrible; I would have been better off doing it myself!
5	Rain shower, mood lighting, 55000 sq ft, extensive service menu, 3 hot tubs, 1 cold plunge, huge steam room and sauna, lots of drinks, no robe placed in warmer during treatment tho. Day pass only $26.  Enough said.  Go, enjoy, be pampered.
5	I've been to the salon twice. Once was the best blowout. of. my. life. the other was the. best. manicure. of. my. life.The fees are highway robbery, but it's Vegas! Go big or go home.
4	I received a Detox to Relax package which included a massage, seaweed wrap and mint pedicure. When My boyfriend called to make the appointment the receptionist did a great job of up selling him to the Bellagio facial. I received an email of my itinerary and what was expected as well as am ementities. I arrived an hour early to take advantage of the sauna and steam room. My boyfriend paid first and I was leaving gratuity in cash. They walked me upstairs to the spa where I had to check into another desk. I walked to another desk where the lady walked me to my locker and showed me where everything was and where to wait 10 minutes before my appointment. When it was time for my appointment the same lady walked walked around with a clipboard checking people in and walking in groups to another waiting area down a long hall. This is where the therapists came to retrieve us for our first appointment. The girl was so sweet and communication was great. She walked me into a clean room and told me where to put jewelry,robe, spa shoes. She asked about previous massages and told me what to expect for this one. She started with a welcoming greeting, which I found nice because it allowed you to stop the chatter and really start to relax! She used pressure with her hands over my body ontop of the blanket. She then put a large hot towel over the blanket which was very comforting and pressed it into me. The massage was vey firm. She put a detoxifying mask on my back and almost laid a paper like substance over it for it to be removed with ease. When I got up, I was amazed for how intensive the massage was, the room was spotless. It was truly amazing. She walked me to another waiting area where I waited for my seaweed wrap. I had never had a wrap before, so I didn't know what to expect. The esthetician greeted me and told me how the service would go. She left to undress and I laid the towel she left on top of me. She also started with the welcome greeting and applied the smelly substance over my body. She explained the benefits of a wrap, which I found very appealing. This part gets a little awkward, thank God the shower was in the room. She didn't attempt to get any of the seaweed off. I was made to stand up drenched in mud etc and walk to the shower to get everything off. I ended up taking a full shower to get the sticky/ smelly stuff off. Next onto the facial, it felt like the massage went on forever. I loved the mask that was used and the esthetician was very knowledgeable about products and skincare. She left a nice little bag with products I might enjoy. I was walked back to the locker room by my esthetician and given instructions to go downstairs to the salon/ nail wing of the Bellagio. It was a little awkward waiting in an open waiting room ( being the only one in a robe) while others waited for hair services. The nail tech was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. A very nice pedicure that came with a peach smoothie. Upon leaving gratuity, was a little awkward. Had My boyfriend not paid in advance, I imagine it would have been easier. I had to leave the spa tips upstairs and the nail tip downstairs which a tiny hole in the front of the desk was for leaving them their tips. All in all, I couldn't have expected anything less than the luxurious time spent at The Bellagio Salon and Spa!
5	The Bellagio Las Vegas Spa is GORGEOUS!  I have yet to visit a nicer spa.  I booked a facial (because the Las Vegas weather was killing my skin!) and was very impressed with the spa and the staff.  I believe my facial was around $130 after tip.  Not bad considering that I got use of the spa for the entire day. The spa includes a locker room/shower area, dry sauna, steamroom, and four jacuzzi tubs.  I love that the showers provided everything from shampoo to razors.  I am a little more modest so I brought a bikini to wear in the jacuzzi and sauna area.  A lot of women went nude; it's Vegas so be prepared to see lots of fake boobs!  Despite the fake boobs the atmosphere was really comfortable and did not feel at all awkward.  I really enjoyed my facial and wish that I booked a massage as well.  I can't vouch for the salon services.  I am very picky about my hair and have been going to the same salon for the last six years.Next time I visit Vegas I am definitely going back to the Bellagio Spa!
5	Best Blow out ever!   If I could take Hillary who styled my crazy long thick waaaay wild hair into a sexy perfect mess of big smooth waves and body that lasted 3 days!!! back to Chicago with me I would.I got a collagen shampoo/ conditioning treatment and blowout for extra long hair with hot tools and the total with tip was about 250.... yes it was expensive, but it was soooo worth every penny.
5	I'm not a spa person, so I can't really compare this spa to others. However...My experience was akin to a religious experience I expect one to encounter after a pious life devoid of sin. The minute that I entered, I was completely relaxed, swept away by the tranquil ambiance. A friend and I got a 1 hour massage which was about 150, give or take. The massage given in a small and private room with music that was probably played by angels with their harps. I didn't even notice that the room darkened until I was forced to change positions.The masseuse was a very nice lady with a calm voice. I mentioned to her that I never had a hot stone massage, a massage that was more costly than the one that I got, but she gave me a taste of the hot-stone massage for free. I was even able to pick how hot I wanted my stones!Afterwards, I showered and sat around the pools that were divided by temperature. I also lounged around the steam room before lounging around like Heffner in his robe, watching tv and munching on oranges and apples. The nicest thing about my experience wasn't anything in particular, but it was the fact that this was a place where you can forget everything that's waiting for you in your real life, outside the doors of the spa, and just relax and breathe. It was my happy place.
5	The spa is wonderful.  We went for massages, and loved every minute.  Price is ridiculous.   But if you're gonna go... get the stone massage.  Pure bliss!  Service is excellent - extremely professional.
5	I treat myself to at least 1 massage a month, I have had plenty. Of them all, my massage at the Bellagio was the best one yet. It was 90 minutes of pure bliss, the massage therapist was on point. I can't wait to go back!
4	Very high class!  My wife and I stayed at the Bellagio this past week (4/22-4/26/12) for our wedding/honeymoon week. For a treat on the day of the wedding, I decided to go to the salon at the Bellagio to get the classic shave (straight-razor) and head shave, since I had never had either one (professional). The barber, Johnnie, was very good at what he does. He was very nice, talkative and seemed to enjoy what he was doing. It was definitely a treat!!
4	Great hotel, great restaurants, luxurious decor.....the flower arrangements are stunning throughout the entire hotel. The standard room was great, super comfy bed and spacious bathroom. The toiletries were disappointing and cheapo. The shampoo doesnt lather and the soap doesnt smell so pretty. The view of the fountains and the Eiffel Tower was nice but they shootnoff every 15 minutes!!! Its not so special anymore when they over do it.....its like if we celebrated Christmas every month, after the 3rd month in a row, we'd be tired of it. Thats the Bellagio fountains these days.The spa was great, not the best Ive seen, but very nice. The pool area was exquisite!! No splashing or screaming kids, beautiful landscape~ flowering and fruited trees and fountains. Slow service (nobody gets drunk at the Bellagio pool)  but very relaxing and nice.Love the Venetian, but Bellagio is great.
2	My husband and I had a couples massage Memorial Day Weekend 2012. He said his massage was great, however I cannot agree, I've had many massages at Five Star Hotels before, but none like this. I didn't get a pre-massage consultation, so she didn't ask what kind of pressure I needed. The only question she did ask is if I had any problem areas and I told her no. I believe I was more tense after the massage then before. The massage therapist started massaging my face and she rubbed my whole face and she roughly rubbed around my eye area and then I asked her to not touch my eyelashes, because of the oil, and she snapped at me that she was not going anywhere near my lashes. I shut up the rest of the time thinking she may snap at me again. As writing this I've also realized that my massage with me laying face down and the therapist working from neck down to my feet, the turn over and works up... She touched my face after she touched my feet.  This was my first experience at The Bellagio, and other than the massage everything else was great. Review on Salon, unfortunately it needs to be added with my Spa review, but the Salon was a MUCH better experience.I had my nails done at the Salon, they had to fix a broken nail and got nail polish change on my toes. I came in without an appointment and figured that I would have to wait, however this was not the case. I was so happy that I got in right away and they were able to get me done before my massage appointment. The ladies at the salon were great and they did a great job on all my nails.
5	One word....AMAZING! I had an amazing pedicure this afternoon. Taylor (who took great care of me) was great, I definitely recommend her is you are in need of getting a pedicure. She took her time and did it right, she didn't rush and spent time really working on feet to make them feel wonderful. She even went in the back and looked for a nail polish color we couldn't find in the box and found it for me! I would recommend this over and over again and definitely go see Taylor you wont be disappointed!
3	This is a tough review for me and you will see why.  I first experience the spa by getting a pedicure - the Belllagio Signature Pedicure to be exact.  To put is simply - it sucked.  I would equate it to a $20 pedicure at a mall (or even worse).  At the beginning the woman there asked me if I wanted to add on anything and I thought the moisturizing treatment would be good.  It was an extra $25 and all it ended up being was her rubbing a little moisturizer on my calves.  TOTAL RIP OFF.  Also, there was no messaging or anything special like that - it was a wham bam thank you ma'am short and horrible pedicure.  Definitely DO NOT recommend anyone get that - I ended up spending $105 for pure non-sense.Now, the next day was the exact opposite.  My husband and I each got 50 min custom messages.  They were amazing.  The Spa is super nice and has all the top of the line amenities - I was very impressed.  You can use the spa all day until 8pm the day of your appointment.  Both my husband and I were super impressed with the service and the quality of our messages.  So, bad pedicures but amazing messages!!
2	I love spas and I love the Bellagio.  But I have to say for 192.00 (including a 30.00 tip) 162.00 for that manicure and pedicure was not worth it.  It's not that it was bad, heck I even brought my own nail polish, but Asian women do a far superior job at massaging the hands and legs.   I'll rent a car next time and go to the Korean place across the street from the Station Casino.
4	Pricey but fantastic.  Great location, very nice staff, and elegant.  Loved all the amenities.  Wish there were more amenities to be used at the spa as a couple and by this I do not mean the services... as there are a lot of couple things... but I mean the things we can use at the spa like the soaking pools, etc.  I wouldve liked to enjoy those and a steam with my husband.
5	This Spa is Amazing ! Where ever I travel,I would try massage and their spa for sure !I haven't seen any spa cleaner and more equipped than this one !Also, they have an amazing massage therapist whose name is Jeff !I travel to vegas every few month not to gamble, not for shows which I have almost seen most of them, not for clubbing,  JUST TO HAVE MASSAGE WITH JEFF!He is the only person who can make my problems in my muscles fixed and help me get rid of those pains. He is so knowledgeable. As an example which happened for me, when I said I have pain in my feet, he asked me about it and he finds out the origin place of my pain ! Mine was my neck ! I couldn't even Imagine the pain in my feet is because of vertebra out in my neck ! It was the last reason I could Imagine and well, he was right as always ! After you have deep tissue massage with him, you will feel your pains leave you and your blood flows there.Besides what he do as a great massage therapist, he is so friendly and professional. He is the best therapist I have seen in my life !Trina Robinson is an amazing skin specialist as well. I had great experiences with her for  facial ( which before her, I was not doing facial at all ) and body skin cleansing. Also, she is so warm and friendly. You will love each moment of your session with her, guaranteed.Spa attendance are so friendly, helpful and respectful as well.When you go to this spa, the only thing you need to bring is yourself ! you would have all the things you may need there.I love this spa. I love Jeff and Trina and strongly suggest every one to try massage therapy and facial with them at least one time. When they went once, they  go again by themselves ;) What they do as a therapists is the most unique experience you can have.Enjoy :)
1	So I stayed at the Bellagio in Vegas for my wedding on November 21 I booked an appointment 3 weeks ahead of time for a blow dry and some curls but I ended up with just a blow dry because the lady that was doing my hair put so much volume in it and the curls were so bad I ended up looking like an old lady with a bee hive and curls. I was almost in tears till I asked for her to just wash it out and do a blow dry. It was my wedding day seriously I would never go back here again. Oh yeah I have been in the salon industry for 7years (color tech) and I have never had my hair look so bad. I know what your saying why didn't I do it my self I should have but my fiance thought he would treat me. Just a little advice if you go here bring a picture of what you want...
5	Best SPA ever. I and my wife had the best massages and then enjoyed hours of jacuzzi and sauna time. The place is simply phenomenal.
5	We take the tram to the Bellagio Spa where we will have massages and facials.  I chose the "Athlete's Revival" (or in my case, "Former Athlete's Revival") due to my various aches and pains as a result of sports injuries sustained from 2010-2011.  Bella and I part ways and head to our respective women's and men's spas.  Inside my area there are comfy couches, a TV, four sizable Jacuzzis, a shower area, a bathroom and wet and dry saunas.  There is free java, various canned juices, sodas, bottled water and fresh fruit.  I change into my robe and drink beverages on the couch while watching college football bowl games.  Eventually we are escorted to the co-ed waiting area where I run into Bella.  Our massage therapists greet us and take us to our respective rooms.  Of course the massage I received from therapist Ethan Oldenburg was phenomenal and the facial which I received from aesthetician Cynthia Priola was equally remarkable.  Afterwards, Bella and I meet up in the "Tranquility Room" where we observe a young Japanese couple sleeping on separate loungers.  The man is skinny but is inexplicably snoring like a "wildebeest in heat" (deviated septum?) which quickly proves to be -- not very "tranquil".  The room has water features, twenty foot tall ceilings and is very well decorated with a vibe of an Amazonian jungle.  In spite of the "wild boar" we decide to hang out for a while before relaxing in our respective spas.   Based on all the "hoofing" we did I believe the spa occupies the entire fifth floor.
5	My friend and I went to the Bellagio barber the day before my wedding day to get a shave. Our barber Christine was AWESOME!!  The experience from start to finish was top notch. She had my friend and I in tears laughing by the end of the shave.  I will defiantly be back everytime I go back to Vegas
5	I visited the spa on 5/14/2013. As you would expect, the Bellagio provides and amazing experience from the moment you walk in the door.I was walking through the hotel and had been walking the strip all day and thought I would inquire if they had any last minute cancellations. The associate said they did and we found a perfect package. She was amazing - she worked with all three therapists to ensure we could complete the package before the spa closed.I had a massage, a seaweed wrap and a pedicure. Although I cannot remember my massage and pedicurist names, I do remember that Vivien did the seaweed rap. She was absolutely incredible. The spa rooms are very relaxing and the spa itself is extremely large.If you go, be sure to allow yourself at least an hour or so to experience the sauna and hot tubs (which are gender specific and do not require suits, from what I remember?).The main reason I am writing this review is because of the unparalleled customer service I received. In the world of spa, this is a big differentiator in my opinion.Enjoy!
1	ZERO STARS IF I COULD!!!! My boyfriend and I and one of our friends came to book an appt. for a couples massage and the girl with long blonde hair gave us THE WORSE EXPERIENCE EVER!!! I am so mad i did not catch her name. (She's lucky)We came back to our appointment at 5pm and was told that the reservations was messed up and that MY FRIEND and my BOYFRIEND had a couples massage and I ended having the customize massage for myself. (WTF?)TWO DUDES IN A COUPLE MASSAGE DOESN'T SOUND AWKWARD?! I don't know how they messed that up, they told us it was going to be fixed but in the end WE ALL GOT A MASSAGE SEPARATELY.They did not fix the problem and i am very pissed with that associate who did not handle the issue correctly. i am still pissed with the girls in the front desk.
2	5 stars for the atmosphere of the spa 0 stars for the customer service the spa is such a great way to spend the day.  they have a eucalyptus steam room, 3 hot spa pools, one cold pool, a dry sauna, the showers are heavenly! there is a sitting area and coffee, tea, fruit, and water available.  nice towels, bathrobe and shoes.  i had such an amazing time at the spa it was the most perfect disconnect for such a sensory overload that is a weekend in vegas. what really got me upset was the lack of customer service.  it's $30 a day to use the spa and $40 to have a fitness class and then spa.  When we called we were told that we could have a private yoga class and that no reservation was needed.  When we got there we were told we could *not* have ANY class as we had missed the group yoga, and the woman (i think her name was megan) working was like super condescending. like omg HELLO you work in sales, try to SELL us something.  we were dead set on going to the spa anyway so we paid for admission with out the class - but we were pissed we couldn't do the yoga - we were either told misinformation on the phone OR we had mis information in person - either way our expectations were not met at all.
5	I went into the spa with very high expectations and it was exceeded by a mile. From the moment I entered there was a relaxing atmosphere and the ladies in the front provided excellent customer service. The massage was one of the best I've had.
5	So relaxing.  If you are staying here and have $25 to spend on just relaxation and spa  you have to try it at least once.
5	Woke up early and had a late appointment. So just went there and found the spa and the jacuzzi, back and forth for hours with naps in between. Then the athlete's thing which took care of issues and made the skin glow. With lots of advice which keeps things ongoing.
2	As beautiful as Bellagio and their things are, the spa was pretty compact without anything remarkable. Pretty disappointing after coming in after seeing their thematic gardens just below the balcony. The gym was nothing remarkable either, just packed full of the regular equipment and overlooking a pool area you couldn't go into. A day pass for non-hotel guests is $40. For that price, Canyon Ranch at the Venetian offers a whole lot more in space, lights, features, and extras.
3	I am really not a huge fan of this spa, and this weekend reminded me of why.SPA:I went out of pure laziness this weekend - didn't want to walk to Caesar's or Aria - and regretted it. I remember thinking, this would be a nice spa if it were in another city. But it just does not compete with the neighboring properties. The atmosphere and decor are kind of lame - bright lights in the jacuzzi area, weird colored LEDs in the showers. Bellagio, you could at least replace the furniture without it being a huge production.Other than the jacuzzis, they only have a wet sauna and a dry sauna - no cold room or anything like that. I'm spoiled by Korean saunas, I guess, but I know both Caesar's and Aria have other offerings besides those, too. My massage was pretty good, I will say at least that the therapist was very knowledgeable, and I learned some new things. But I paid for a special seasonal service and didn't receive it... I think it was like a $15 difference, so I didn't bother to split hairs on that. Still, I think it reflects badly on their service.If this were a review of only the spa, it'd be 2 stars. However, I visited the salon as well.SALON:My pedicure was excellent, great conversationalist and the most comfortable pedicure chair I've ever seen. The drink I ordered was unbelievably delicious, too. I also had a blowout which was fantastic, legitimately the best blowout I've ever had (and it ought to be, for the price) - I can see why the Bellagio salon is kind of famous for this. I was especially impressed that the shampoo assistant, when I told her I'd just had a toner a week before (so use cold water, please), she also offered purple shampoo. I wasn't expecting that to even be available.My stylist, Sam, was not much of a conversationalist, but a blowout stylist doesn't really need to be. He did everything I asked for, and I walked out looking like a country singer, which is what needs to happen for me to have any volume to my hair an hour later. I was very happy with the salon services - my only reason for not repeating that visit is just that it's very time-consuming.So yeah, overall... definitely feeling like my trip to this spa was a mistake that I probably will not repeat. Don't be lazy if you're staying at the B... cross the bridge to Caesar's Qua spa instead. Or if you're trying to earn MGM tier credits, go for Aria.
5	I visited the spa on Sunday 9/15/2013 for a custom massage gifted to me by my boyfriend for my birthday. As you would expect for the Bellagio, every second of the experience was top notch and I found myself not wanting to leave!I was immediately given a tour of the ladies spa area and took a dip into the hot tub before my massage. I like how there are 3 different hot tubs so you have a good chance of privacy.The spa is huge! 55,000 square feet so when I was escorted to my private treatment room I felt like I was walking forever! I chose a female masseuse, Wendy and she was incredible! I have never felt so relaxed and pampered yet she took care of my trouble spots with some deep tissue work.I also took time to experience the dry sauna and steam room, then took a luxurious shower and used one of the many hair dryers and products to get me back to normal.
3	I booked an appointment to celebrate my sister's 21st.  I was told after booking the appointment over the phone to arrive 30 minutes before our appointment which was the Girlfriend's Italian Bliss package with an add on.  They were accommodating and gave us a private room.We arrived 30 minutes early and I checked in.  The greeting staff behind the desk could use some work.  A bit rude, and then instead of letting us know that the room was being readied and that was why we waited 15 minutes past our appointment start time.  Then we find out we did not need to arrive 30 minutes early for our mani/ pedi only spa treatments.  Kind of irritated about that.Our manicurist/ pedicurist made up for the botched front of the house.  They were very cheerful and welcoming.  We had great conversations for the less than 2 hours we were there.I was disppointed about the lunches, a couple of the things looked like they had been sitting for a while and were pre-made a day or so in advance.  The lettuce was already starting to become pink- water logged.  The dressing was very heavy.  The desserts were alright.  I was told that I would be sent a menu and then able to choose from the options listed.  Nope.My manicure only last two days, I was sad and disappointed.  Less than a week later the polish was removed.  I was hoping for an all out WOW experience.  At the end, there was a wait because there were issues with a booking or something.  One staff member was chatting it up with a friend and both saw the line but almost gave an F-U stare.  Not sure if I will ever go back again.  Not happy about the experience.
5	Heavenly.  On a last minute trip to Vegas this past weekend, the bf made out pretty well and generously offered to pamper me at Bellagio Spa.  I got the 50-minute Custom Massage, where the masseuse customizes the pressure and techniques to your wants and needs.  My masseuse was Mandy, who was an angel with amazing hands.  She made sure I was comfortable, all my requests were met, and put me in this state which she referred to as a the relaxation fog - where you kind of fall asleep from being so relaxed.  It was just great overall.  The spa amenities are quite standard - they have 4 smaller hot tubs.  3 were warm and 1 was cold.  They also had a eucalyptus steam room, which I was able to only be in for about 5 minutes.  I realized what the cold tub was for after I got out of that steam room.  Teas and other drinks, as well as fruits, were also provided, and I loved grabbing a cup of tea and curling up in the lounge room, reading a magazine until I was ready to hit the shower.  Loved my experience at Bellagio Spa.
5	OMG that is the only thing I can say. I decided while I was in Vegas that I would pamper myself by getting a massage. Where better than The Bellagio right? That is right! They have a beautiful spa that is very relaxing. The best news is when you get a service you have access to the spa and relaxation area until it closes. There are 3 spas and a cold plunge. There is state of the art sauna and steam room. All of which you have access before and after your service. You are provided with a locker, a fluffy robe and slippers. There is free fruit, water, tea, coffee and juice for your enjoyment. They also have fully stocked showers and a makeup area for afterwards. It is pricy but worth every penny. I left there feeling more relaxed than I had in a long time. I had the 80 minute Bellagio Custom Massage. This massage is great because you get to pick the areas that you want to ficus on. My masseuse was Teresa and she was amazing. She had very strong hands and she really focused on my problem areas. This was a full body massage. She put me in a state of relaxation that I can only describe is that place between asleep and awake. It was amazing. My mind completely cleared and my body was totally relaxed. This was an amazing experience that I will be doing again when I come back to Vegas in March. Highly highly recommend that you treat yourself!
5	I really love this spa. I love the hotel in general, so it makes sense that I would love the spa. It's perfectly luxurious and relaxing, and the deep coconut surrender (deep tissue) massage I had was perfection. The combination of hot stones with the soothing coconut oil helped me to relax and de-stress. The amount of heat used with the stones help to release tense muscles without the harsh digging that it sometimes used in deep tissue massages.I love that you are able to use the spa during the entire day of your scheduled treatment. I enjoyed the sauna and relaxation area very much. The hot tea options were lovely as well.Highly recommend.
4	Luxurious. But of course, you'd expect that from the Bellagio.Chi, my pedicurist, was wonderful. Super sweet and very attentive. She took her time with the scrub and massage; after a couple of days in Vegas, it was heavenly. When it was all over, I was kicking myself for not scheduling additional services - I didn't want to leave!Four stars instead of five because:- The ladies in reception were a bit rude, both over the phone and more so in person. - My pedicure only lasted two days! A pedicure from anywhere else easily lasts me 2, even 3 weeks without a single chip.
5	Hands down this was the best massage I've had my entire life! And I've been getting massages for a very long time.  I had a male who did the best deep tissue massage which I desperately needed with all of my travel.  I wish I had remembered his name because when I go back I'm only asking for him.  Regardless I loved the facility and the woman's locker room was nicely equipped.
1	The head stylist Robert ,  is far from anything special or talented . Not only did he not give me the cut I asked for, he also blew out my hair w multiple round brushes when I had asked for a straight blow dry so I could see the cut... Not to mention he didn't check to see if both sides were even.  These people are board certified?
5	I have been at the Peninsula in Shanghai, Miami, PR, Vegas spas, NYC and I have to say that this is the BEST SPA i have ever been in...Love it. Sooooo worth it!!! Nude, not nude...only women relaxing, talking, drinking tea, getting massages, reading, getting ready for a night full of fun...getting beautiful...smiling and having a heavenly amazing time. The staff is just the top from the top service and they treat everyone like a queen!!!! I hear the same from the man area as well!!! Goooooo!!!! : )
5	This place is one of the best spas that the Mlife chain has to offer.My boyfriend and I decided to book an appointment here for a couples massage on New Years day after a long night of NYE partying.The spa is located on the 2nd floor next to the botanical garden, which was kind of hard to find because we did not know we had to go upstairs via elevator. Luckily for us, the front desk lady on the first floor was able to point us in the right direction. When we checked in and paid, we were promptly introduced to two ladies that were going to escort my boyfriend and I to our separate spa faculties (one for men and one for women of course). The lady showed me around the facility and showed me where everything was located, and I must say the whole facility was beautiful! VERY HIGH-END. Everything was very detailed, including the showers! (which I expected since after all, it is the Bellagio). After showing me to my assigned locker to put my things away, she offered me juice and escorted me to the waiting room where I met up with my boyfriend. We waited less than ten minutes for our therapists to get us and they immediately took us to our massage room. Our therapist was one guy and one girl, the guy was my massage therapist and that was honestly the first time I ever allowed the massage therapist to be guy. Before they began they ask you what kind of massage oil and scents you would like to be used which I found interesting because that was the first time I was ever asked that. He was very good, his massage technique was perfect and I like that they incorporate hot stones into your massage there. VERY RELAXING. Our massage was 50 mins and after we went to our separate facilities to use all the amenities they offer there. They had two different types of saunas: dry (stone/dry heat) or of course  the steam sauna, and then they have not one, but FOUR jacuzzis. As for the amenities, even though I gave them 5 stars, i will say Vdara spa is the only spa that offers the most "toiletries" for you to use when it is time to get ready to leave. They have more options for lotions, deodorant, hairspray, etc. compared to Bellagio.Overall, this spa is at the top of my list because of how beautiful and relaxing this place.PS. The boys side has a outside balcony with a view, which is something our women's side doesn't have. I asked the lady why and she said the guys get it because most of the high rollers are men so "they win" :|
4	My mom and I went to have our hair styled for a gala we were attending that night.  The ladies who did our hair (mine is long, so curls pinned up...my mom's is short so it was just a blow dry) did a great job.  I felt it was a little pricey, but then again we were on the strip in Vegas so everything is higher.  They were quick too.  I was done in 30 minutes, my mom a little longer.  It cost us both a little over a hundred dollars for each hair do.
3	Nice but poorly trained staff. I waited for 26 minutes for someone to get me into the steam, and it wasn't because there was a long line. It's because there is no indication that one must go upstairs for the spa (not salon) and then once there, the staff is again incredibly slow. Once inside it is very large with many amenities and a place that is much more suited to verbosity of a brides maids party rathe than serenity, meditation and peace. The staff is very chatty and I just saw them demonstrating their back pains in the restroom. Good luck, I'm not at all impressed.I have now been in the steam and for the temperature and the use of eucalyptus, I am raising this rating by a star. It is the best temperature and eucalyptus measure I have experienced on Las Vegas.BTW- I just saw staff herd all of the same time spa treatment appointments like cattle. also, the hostess into the spa is really great, kind and probabl should be managing the whole place.
1	Ok, so I've been here before 3 years ago. Was very impressed since it was my first time to Las Vegas. I was not impressed with the check in staff. The ladies who answer the phone are rude and short. I'm visiting Vegas again next week and I booked an appointment with a lady who was a bit rude or not so friendly and when I called today to ask a question the lady was so unpleasant again so I just canceled my appointment all together. Customer service is very important in the salon and spa industry. I would think the Bellagio would hire some more friendly staff to be the face of their Spa.
5	This review is for the gym facility.WOW! what a great facility for a hotel. It is well stocked, well ventilated, and not too busy. Great place to get in a quickie in between gambling.
5	Amazing experience!! My wife and I had the best couples massage. We are staying at the  Pallazo and decided to go there first for our day at the spa. When my wife and I went to see about using their services the staff was very rude and the lady at the desk even rolled her eyes at my wife. We turned around looked up Best couples massage on Yelp and saw the Bellagio reviews were fantastic. The staff was amazing and the services were outstanding. I would highly recommend this to all my friends and family.
5	Pamela did my hair color and cut. It cost close to a trillion dollars. My husband just told me my hair has never looked more beautiful....priceless
4	I've come here for extension and makeup services. Beautiful salon and great staff. Probably the best extensions on the strip.
5	The bellagio pedi was awesome and so worth it. I also opted for the coconut milk sugar scrub. So what I needed and the most lovely & talented woman did it. Ask for Nicole because she does an awesome job. They have delicious tea in the silk bags too. The spa tub soak for the feet during the treatment feels so good! Definitely worth the time and money. Love it.
3	The only reason I would give this place 3 stars is because of Kayla.  She was the therapist who provided the sugar scrub treatment.  She was great and provided a relaxing atmosphere while she was rubbing me down with coconut scented sugar all over my body. Unfortunately the rest of the staff aka the girls once you enter the women's spa were very rude.  These are the people who customers first meet and they put a damper in my experience the moment I walked in.  I'll make sure to keep my business at the Qua spa. Not only is the ambience way more serene but the service there is worth the money spent.
