4	The outdoor architecture of this place is oh so retro cool.  We've bowled here lots of times and it's always a great time.  Now, we all know how great bowling alley drinks are, right?  They have a really big bar.  Big.  And it's separated off enough from the rest of the place that it's almost its own thing.  Pool tables and TV's can make this it's own hang out.  Gotta tell ya - we just got a new surprise.  Their pizza is made from scratch.  And it is SO good.  Impressed our whole crowd.  Thick and soft and airy crust, good sauce, great toppings.  We're already talking about going again - just for the pizza.  And the wings were also surprisingly good.  Let me tell ya - great pizza and wings in combo with strong bowling alley drinks is an awesome combo.  You may not be able to bowl after that, but it's totally worth the sacrifice.
4	Hands down, this is my favorite bowling alley in Phoenix.  Talk about character, this spaceship-looking place is down with the 50s Googie architecture with the pointy eaves jutting diagonally into the sky.I've been here many a Sunday nights for the cheap bowling, and have always had a blast.  The plastic seating booths here are the best part - curvy with enough seats for everyone.  The bar is pretty big here too, with pool tables if you're bored of bowling.   I've never eaten here, just drank - so not sure on the food.  But the pizza sounds good....
3	Pretty much perfect old school bowling alley suffering from the tyrannical reign of AMF. Me and Christown Lanes would be best friends if it weren't for the absolutely awful prices here. At AMF lanes, you can find some specials for 1.50 games and such, but only at times like before noon and after 9pm on a Sunday. If you show up for a Sunday matinee like I did yesterday you have to pay 4.25 a game and 4.25 for shoe rental. Bowling is a perfect escape from the summer heat, but not when it costs you around 10 bux an hour. I'll make sure to keep going to Sunset Bowl, which has 2.25 games all day Sunday with 2.75 shoe rental. The other really sketchy thing about this bowling alley is the huge bar which is used as Horse Race den with all the atmosphere of a public library. I got about half way to the bar yesterday before I got scared and turned back because of all the dirty looks I was receiving for getting in the way between all the compulsive gamblers staring at the 19 inch screens on the walls showing the races. They also didn't seem to like the noise my shoes made from walking on the ground. They appear to favor DEAD SILENCE.Top off the experience with having a go at the air hockey table which costs a dollar a game and is broken in ways I didn't think an air hockey table could be.
3	Spent a few hours here Saturday afternoon bowling and playing video games with my little bro and I'm going to try to not let the fact that I bowled 5 strikes in my best game ever affect my review of the place. 5 strikes. Unbelievable. My little bro was so impressed. I didn't have the heart to tell him I normally suck. Good:-Service was friendly and helpful - had several folks stop by while we were bowling just to see how we were doing and if we needed anything. Also lost some quarters in a video game that wasn't working and were refunded quickly and without question.-Family friendly environment - several other groups with kids.Bad:-Limited ball selection. I'm not an expert, but I'm pretty sure my fingers are regular guy size fingers, and it took me a good ten minutes to track down a ball with large enough holes.-A little pricy for bowling, I thought - shoes for two and a couple games ran us close to 30 bucks.
4	Work hosted a bowling party here.  It was really great!This alley is huge-- like really really big!  The snackbar is like a diner and the bar is massive and has off-track betting.The lanes are really nice too!  So clean and in good shape.  The staff was friendly and we ordered pizza for the gang.  Decent pizza, not anything out of this world but decent for sure.There is also a good size video arcade area too-- Christown Lanes is a cool bowling location!
3	I don't like bowling.  This is probably because I associate it with lots of cig smoke and pitchers of Bud Light, circa Michigan 1992.  Or maybe because I associate it with drunk guys pseudo bowling to enjoy the cheap PBR, circa college 2001.  Or maybe because I'm no good.  Anywho.My "team" at work wanted to do a "team" activity so someone decided on bowling.  I'm a "team" player, so off I went.  This stetchy location was dead on a Tuesday....fine by me.  The staff was helpful and friendly, it was clean, there were a ton of lanes, and no smoke.  Will I be back?  Noooooo.  But for what it is, it's A-OK.
4	I was definitely pleasantly surprised when we took the kids here during the day last Saturday. I just have these images of dark, dingy, dirty bowling alleys but this place was not like that. The exact opposite as a matter of fact. The employees were extremely friendly and helpful. For food, we ordered a $20 package which included a 1-topping pizza and appetizer sampler. For a family of four, I felt like the pizza was sufficient. Pretty good, too! I picked up a draft beer from the bar and was amused by the men inside betting on horse races. Kind of charming. I noticed a decent beer selection at the bar and they also have the seasonal Samuel Adams depending on the season. My husband liked that. For the kids, there are video games and the games to win prizes. For 4 people (including 2 kids), the 1 games, shoes and food, had us at about $60. That seems pricy to me but I'll have to take the family to Lucky Strike for a comparison. Overall, I was pretty into it and would absolutely go back. Maybe we'll take the light rail so we can drunk bowl!
4	When I think of bowling, I think of two things: The Dude and "Shut the F*&k up Donny!" http://youtu.be/3foXJfWlgoMOkay, bowling conjures up more memories than characters and scenes from The Big Lebowski, but it instantly reminds me of that great movie!And, this particular bowling alley has everything you'd every want in one.  Besides the awesome 60s architecture of the place, it has got lodes of lanes, a huge bar and a very nice staff. I've been here several times -- a few times for a work event, and once with my sister. Every visit was a good one, and I had a great time, gutterballs and all!It is a bit pricey (and the reason I can't fully commit to giving them five starts), but being that it was a Friday night, I suppose it is much cheaper and more fun than going to a bar, paying for overpriced drinks and not being able to hear yourself think. I'll definitely be back in future -- to work on my gutterball skills and to enjoy the eclectic and interesting atmosphere that can only be found and appreciated at your local bowling alley.
3	Great location, great lanes. Service is good (although the bartender is super strict about IDs- and I am obviously over 30- but I'm not mad, she's just doing her job). The reason this place gets three stars instead of 4? The beer is ridiculously expensive. $20 for a bucket 5 and that was with a discount? We also were on two leagues last year (short summer and fall/winter/spring) and I felt like it was way too expensive and the payout percentages were not handled well at the end. For that reason alone, I wouldn't do another league there, although it was really fun (and my fiance scored his first 300... actually he got two 300s in a series, so he racked up his 300 and 800 rings which was super cool.)Otherwise, it's a great neighborhood bowling center.
4	My trusty entertainment book got me a buy 1 get 1 free game that I used on a saturday afternoon to beat the heat. NICE. The staff was friendly, place wasn't full on a saturday afternoon, the stench will have you knowing your in a bowling alley in no time.
4	IMPORTANT UPDATE! THESE ARE THE BEST BOWLING SHOES EVER. Period.On my first visit to this place, I couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised at how new it was. And that the bar was the size of an entire restaurant. And that the restrooms had doors to the alley and to the bar. I was here on a Saturday night with friends to celebrate a birthday and we got this amazing deal for two hours of bowling and shoes for $10. The place was nearly empty (I think because it was probably between leagues and disco/glow/whatever you wanna call it bowling) and completely pristine. The staff was courteous and we had a blast. I still wish that bowling system interfaces weren't so damn unfriendly, but that is hardly a situation unique to this alley.One thing that was sad was that we really wanted the glow bowling to start early because no one was there but us and we were excited. In fact, 40 minutes before it was slated to start, they put down the projectors in front of the lanes and started some of the spot lights but didn't start the music videos or dim the lights. When I approached them to ask if we could possibly start it early, they said no. I then inquired as to why everything was 3/4 set up then, and they said, they do it slowly at set times. BORING. I understand if you're busy. But no one was there but our two lanes and one lane that just joined beside us. Out of like 30 something lanes (I'm guessing). For that I will knock you down a star. Don't act like it's a chore to answer my question.
3	Ahhh... Christown. How I have always loved thee.. This used to be my personal house when I was a youth. I always loved coming here, whether it was for practice, which was usually 2-3 times a week, or for league/tournaments... Let me go over the alley with you and its pro's and con's:~What to do?~Bowling...Lots of bowling...because its a bowling alley ;-) , and is perfect for family outing, school trips, or a party. There is an arcade here as well as pool tables. The tables are inside the bar area, to the right as soon as you walk in. The bar is quiet, its sports-centered and is nice for a guys night out to watch the game and bowl a couple. ~The Good~This is the largest bowling house in central Phoenix people. Its held the PBA US Open here before, so it is a location with a good reputation. The manager who runs the center does an great job training the staff, who do a stellar job whenever you need help. The leagues here are large and are fun to experience if you are looking for a Central Phoenix alley with a large league. Once again, its so much bigger than most alleys, so if you need to come by to practice or bowl with friends sometime, it will be difficult to not grab a lane unless there is a league going on.~The Bad~However, since it is so big, a lot of the time it does go quiet here, which can be a bit discerning if you like a loud bowling atmosphere. Please note that there is no pro-shop here. That's a bummer, since this is a huge house, you'd expect them to have a bowling shop after all these years and its location. The closest one is Bowling Dynamics up the road on Bethany Home, just across the I-17. Drinks and food are over-the-top expensive, like most bowling alleys, but AMF seems to always goes overboard in my eyes. I do not consider using an arcade at a bowling center a lot, but the one here is very small. Most Brunswick center's have a better overall selection making it a bit more kid friendly. Here, its mainly about taking the family bowling.~Extras/Rating~Nothing really else to note here, I covered what you need to know. I base the rating off of the fact I have bowled at every single lane here in Phoenix, I know each one by heart. They do not have a pro shop, which automatically loses a star. Then its the fact that it is your average lane run by AMF. I prefer Brunswick over AMF, they take care of their lanes much better compared to AMF and also have better deals for the most part. I would suggest you try them first. Message me if you want more information or if you would like a suggestion for a good bowling lane to go to.
3	It's great because it was a weekday and no one else was there. :)
3	Ya know, this place isn't half bad for a bowling alley. I came here last night with some friends of mine to do the cosmic bowling and we actually had a good time. From the outside it doesn't look like anything special, but the insides in pretty decent shape.There's a bar inside, and you can get your drink and food on in here if you like, or take it with you to the lanes.  The bartender we had was sort of cranky and kept spewing all these rules about how it's one drink at a time and we had to get bracelets to prove we were of age if we wanted more drinks. I'm sorry, I thought prohibition ended a long time ago? I was unaware that beer should be rationed for adults. If I go to a bar, they can't seem to shove enough booze in my face, but here? ONE AT A TIME PLEASE!  I obliged since I didn't want the bartender punching me in the face for being sassy...just sayin.Lanes were nice, but halfway through our game the scoring thing died so we had to switch lanes.  Kind of a pain in the butt, but hey, it's not like we're going to quit halfway through!  Staff was nice and friendly, overall not the typical dirty bowling alleys that I'm used too.
5	It is our 1 year anniversary and I asked the front desk to do a "shout out" for my hubby... Not Only did John do that but Mimi jumped in and asked what song we like and the asked where we were headed for dinner ... She then suggested the Marriott at the top for dinner... Then even went as far as printing out the info for it and directions  for us while we bowled... :) WOW!! That kind of attention to detailIs so overlooked and not evened looked at twice...well haha even once.. These days... But they wereReally great and wanted to make our day even that much more special !! Thank you guys!! Really appreciate the extra effort and care!!great great start to our 1 year anniversary !'~J & T~
2	Reduced hours for bowling!AMF has new ownership. Most bowling begins now in the PM. On Wednesday they're open at 4pm which does not work for us and the G'kids. Too bad. We have to look elsewhere to bowl that day.
5	Great pricing and location.  Right off SR-51 & I-17 on the corner of Bethany Home Rd. & 19th Ave.  I've been bowling here for about 5 years now on the Monday night league team.  I love everyone that works there, especially John, he's always very friendly and will help you figure everything out if you ever have any questions.
5	I don't normally go bowling, and my preconceived notion of what a bowling alley would be like contributed to my aversion.  My employer hosted a bowling party for the employees and I went along to be part of the team.  I was surprised and impressed with the Christown Lanes.  First, I arrived early and opted to sit in the bar and have a soft drink...What a place!  It is quiet, clean and richly and very tastefully appointed.  The bar was attractive and in my opinion, very un bowling alley like...I would consider going there just to meet with friends and unwind.  Next door is a diner, and while the menu may be basic, it did have salads and wraps and other non fried items.  I ordered a hamburger and fries and opted to dine in the bar/lounge area.    The bar tender brought me my food and kept refilling my soda...he was very personable too...Bowling was nice too.  The lanes were very clean, balls were available in many weights, finger sizes and configurations, and keeping score was easy and automatic.  The rental shoes (another concern of mine) were clean and fresh and fit me just right.In short, for a good time, a good environment, and good food and drink..visit the Christown Lanes.
