5	SDI is my clients' inspection company of choice as well as mine. Tray Raymond does a great job for my clients time after time and is evident by the repeat business my clients and I do with SDI.  The care Tray shows in explaining findings and offering possible options is important.  Promptly emailing reports the same day and oftentimes within hours of doing the actual inspection is very handy and allows us to respond quickly as needed.   Subcontractor recommendations on SDI's website is also very helpful and shows the company goes the extra mail to service client needs.  I have done business with SDI over the past 10 years on a regular basis and  do not hesitate to recommend Scottsdale Desert Inspections to my clients and peer agents for their residential home inspection needs.
5	I am a Realtor since 1999 and have come across my share of home inspectors.  In the spirit of "keeping it classy" all I can say is that Tray Raymond is the best.  His diligence with every home, and his patience with the Buyers is unparallelled.  I always get a VERY thorough report emailed directly to me and often times before I get back home from the inspection.  It is obvious that Tray takes pride in what he does, and I for one wish there were more people like that that.  If you are looking for great customer service and professionalism then you should use Tray Raymond of Scottsdale Desert Inspections. I do!....and my clients and I couldn't be happier! Thank you Tray.
5	If you are looking for a Professional Home Inspection, Scottsdale Desert Inspection is your company! Look no further! Scottsdale Desert Inspection/Tray Raymond brings his experience, knowledge and commitment to every Inspection.
5	Very good experience.  Tray responded to our request for an appointment at very short notice - responded by phone on Thanksgiving Day !   He was very professional, knew exactly what he was doing.  The home inspection was handled efficiently and it was very thorough.   .   Gave us a written report when finished.     We thought the cost was very fair.  I would definitely recommend this company for a home inspection
