2	Been looking for a good Indian restaurant for awhile now, and it looks like I am going to have to keep on looking.  The staff was very unfriendly, not even saying welcome, or how are you today?   The food itself was okay, nothing worth going back for, but not something that I wanted to walk out over either.  The only real redeeming item was the Rice Pudding that my husband had for desert. Overall not a place that I would tell people to go to.
1	Caution - do not go in Pasand unless you have a couple of hours to kill.  Service is very slow, surly, and indifferent.  I can see why most people order take-out.  The lousy service ruins any positives about the food.  The tinny Indian music can get on your nerves after a couple of hours as well - they volume could be turned down.  Overall one of the most disappointing dining experiences in recent memory!
4	I've been here three or four times..and its not a bad spot. The food was a little bit pricey (like $9) for the a la carte dish, but i'd say its worth it. Got da curry chicken marsala, and it was a good choice.  Good sized portions of nan and rice with the meal. Makes you plump and weak in da knees afterward. The environment is a little too quiet, has a library feel to it, and you feel like the staff is listening to your every word and judging you upon it. There was an old man slightly smirking in the corner, with soft indian music playing in the background. Homely looking fellow. So intimate, easy for a larry david situation to arise. They need to pump that stereo up a couple notches.
5	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the valley.   There are always different and interesting choices on the buffet.  Try the sauces,  there's a coconut one, and the cucumber/yogurt one is the tastiest I've ever had.I've been here 10-15 times and always really enjoyed the food here.   Atmosphere, yeah right, there is none just good food. They open at 11:30 and I really wish they would open at least 30 min earlier.  I've sat in the parking lot drooling on myself waiting for them to open on several occasions.
4	I love this restaurant.  I'd eat here every week if I could.  I couldn't begin to list the menu items I like or love because everything I've tried is great.  I'm vegetarian, and they have a large selection for me.  My husband isn't a huge Indian fan, but he likes a few of their chicken dishes.  The buffet is a great value, too!  We've taken a few kids there, too, and they all liked it.
4	This is probably our favorite Indian Food restaurant.  The buffet is the way to go.  The naan (especially when fresh out of the kitchen) is super tasty.  My favorite is the chicken mahkani.  The rest of the dishes, especially the vegetarian selections are very good too.  The staff is always friendly and I like that the restaurant is family owned and operated.  My only complaint is the bathrooms - they need a little TLC (and sanitizing).
4	I love Indian cuisine, and Pasand in on my list of Indian faves.  Check out their chicken tandoori, different varieties of dosai, and vermicelli/rice pudding.  I've only dined here about two or three times, and I always tell myself I have to go back soon...
3	Recently enjoyed a thali dinner, which consists of papadum; choice of chutney (mango or hot carrot); sambar (tomato-based soup); raita (yogurt-based soup with cucumbers and spices; daal (curry-based soup consisting of lentils and spices); tamarind soup*; choice of entree; two pooris (deep-fried bread puffs- I asked to substitute paratha- pan-fried wheat bread); basmati rice; and dessert (one pc. gulab jamun).  My choice picks were hot carrot chutney (VERY salty and greasy, and I can't recommend it to ANYONE), and palak mutter paneer (spinach, peas, and cheese cubes in a coconut curry sauce).*(Tamarind is a sweet and sour ingredient used in flavoring Asian entrees and can also be made into a popular candy with many versions- three versions I know of are salty/sour, salty/sweet/sour, and sweet/spicy!).I don't think I'll be ordering thali dinners here anymore, since the raita and sambar are made with ingredients I'm allergic to.  I would recommend the palak mutter paneer entree, except the serving is pretty small, even for me.  (I like serving sizes that allow me to splurge and still have enough left over for a meal-- I'd say three Goldilocks-portioned servings- you know, not-too-big, not-too-small, just right.)  Another strike against ordering a thali dinner here... dessert consists of ONE piece of gulab jamun!  What a tease!  Perhaps one piece would satisfy the majority of diners out there, but for a super-sweet tooth such as me, either give me AT LEAST two pieces of gj or don't give me any at all!
3	Good Indian food. The buffet on the weekend is pretty good, but Guru palace has more of a variety and better quality. My favorite is the chicken masala and their naan. On my 2nd trip to the buffet there was no more naan and waited around 5-10 minutes and it was never refilled, so this was the main reason for the 3 stars.  Oh yeah their chili chicken is also very good and spicy.
2	In Short: A shell of its former glory, but still edible.I remember the glory days when this place was awesome, definitely the best indian food in the valley.  I hear there was an ownership change and all went down hill from there.  The steady decline resulted in lesser quality ingredients, smaller portions, shoddy service, and down right rundown nature of the place.  I wish they reinvested some cash in to this place and put a little pizazz back into the food and decor.  The best and worst thing I can say about the food is that it's edible.  Most items are over spiced, all I can taste is the curry and nothing else.  Lunch buffet is still probably your best bet, it still have most of the staples but at the height of this place, the buffet was a sight to behold.  Samosas are pretty top notch, then again it's hard to mess up a samosa.  It's still decent indian food, but nothing great, there are much better options out there.
3	Let's see.  Dave A. gives it 1-Star & says, "One of the most disappointing dining experiences...  Ok, it's awful.  But wait!  Matthew K. gives it 5-Stars & says, "My favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley.  Ok, I've got it.  It's either horrible or terrific.  Where are my keys?This is a good-sized place, with a simple, clean-looking decor & soft lighting.  I was greeted by the friendly host, & found a completely comfortable booth to relax in for lunch & catching up on a little reading.Over in the serving area I found 3 kinds of soup.  I'm a soup lover, so Pasand was off to a good start.  I had some of two of them, which were both excellent.  Then, though, there was salad dressing but no lettuce.  What's up with that?  There was some fruit, though.The hot dishes & little snacky things were all good, while the Chicken Makhani & Chicken Tandoori were both exceptional.  In fact, if you're all about Chicken Tandoori, add a Star!  It was warm, moist, tender, & really tasty!The food here is on the spicy side, & my server, a fellow even older than I am (Can you imagine?) was friendly & attentive.  Compared to other Indian buffets in the area, I liked it about the same as Royal Taj, & Indian Delhi Palace, & a little less than Delhi Palace Cuisine of India, with their rich, authentic atmosphere.Pasand opens at 11 AM (never mind what it says on the door), is closed on Mondays, & the lunch buffet is only $7.99.  "A-OK!"
1	My g/f and I ate here last year and it was, plain and simply,  AWFUL. We got there about an hour before closing and they basically ignored us. The veggies on our plates resembled the kind of stuff you find in those cheap frozen Bird'sEye packages with the square-cut carrots. The sauces were extremely bland. The service? Non-existent. Don't ever go, as I believe closing time or not, the food and place is a terrible waste of money and time. Go to Royal Taj or The Dhaba instead, to experience something closer to the term "satisfaction".
2	We survived inspite of the stale food! Several items on the buffet were just plain stale. Not sure how these guys are in business.
3	Pasand is a great option for lunch if you're hungry and want some Indian food.  The buffet is great, and they always have a good selection of flavorful dishes.  The nan is hot and plentiful, they always have a good combination of sides and entrees, and the spice is just right.  Best of all, it never leaves me feeling sick or having digestive problems.My only complaint is that they never seem to have a wide enough selection of chutneys.  Instead, I find myself dipping my nan and other things in the extra sauce from the entrees, which isn't bad, but some mint chutney would be nice.
3	This place is A-OK.  Why?  Primarily cuz of the price.  I went here for dinner today, and Pasand has FABULOUS specials.  There are four to choose from, and they are all $4.99.  No joke.  I ordered the chicken curry special (you can choose from all different kinds of chicken curry, so i went with saag), which comes with rice and also your choice of naan or bhatura.  It had a little kick to it, but it was still good.  Even without the specials, the prices are awesome.  My friend got the first-timer special, which comes with a little bit of everything, and it was only $12.  My friend and I also both ordered samosas, and though they weren't the best I've had, they were still pretty good and definitely filling.  Also, per usual when I go to an Indian restaurant, I ordered the mango lassi, and that was delicious.  Not as creamy as I once preferred it, but I think I might enjoy the not-so-creamy version now.  The only downer was that the waitstaff never came around to asking how we were doing or refilling our glasses or coming around with a check.  They seemed not so enthused that we were there, so there was a slight feeling of unwelcome-ness, but neither my friend nor I was all THAT concerned.  I thought it was also interesting that there were some boys (possibly owner's children?) playing with a ball and running around on the other side of the restaurant.  I mean, I'm aware that Indian culture is all about the family, so part of me was like, Whatever.  Then again, there was another part of me that was like, Oh that's distracting.  Regardless, I'll probably go back again when I'm low on cash and need an Indian food quick-fix.PS: This place also serves some North Indian food.  Yum...
4	Wow, it's been almost a year since I visited Pasand...  better get back over there & see how they're doing.The first remarkable thing here is that there are at least THREE buffet restaurants right in this center!  ...Peter Piper Pizza (pretty bad), China Town Buffet (a little banged up but good food!  4-Stars), & Pasand here.  Most landlords wouldn't allow more than one buffet-serving tenant at a time.So let's see how well Pasand holds it's own here, & competes with it's Indian rivals in the area:Ok, first, the bad...  there's no salad, & barely any dessert!  Fine, so it's 1-Star & we're out of here, right?  Well, just before that let's see if they have any soup."Aha!!", as they say in India(?).  There's Sambar, with pureed lentils, carrot slices, & more, & uh-oh, it's delicious!  Then there's the Rasam, which is tamarind soup, of all things.  It's unusual, it's spicy, & it's good.  Lastly, today anyway, there was Dahl Soup.  This has lentils, spinach, tomato pieces & more, & it was really good, so never mind the salad!For solid food, you've got your Basmati Rice.  They make it really good here...  buttery with lots of little things in it.  Then today there was Potato Pakora, which is little fried potato pancakes.  Delicious!  Same for the little curly-q Cabbage Pakora goodies.  Their Tandoori Chicken is excellent too, & they keep it moist with a foil cover.  Their Chicken Makhani is very good too.Lunch Buffet $8.33 including beverage.  They open at 11:30 AM, & they're closed Monday. but whatever other day you're hungry for some delicious Indian food, hop on your elephant (or in your Mahindra) & get over here!NOTES:*  Since the food is spicy here, you're kids might have trouble with it.*  They don't have the full bar you "always" see at Indian restaurants, but if you ask, they can whip out some beer & wine!*  I had this place at 3 Stars, but I find myself craving it & coming back here all the time, so I guess I'm a serious "fan"!
4	Ambiance aside, this is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the valley.
3	i dig pasandthey are a pretty stand up jointjust your average mom and pop indian restauranti honestly cant complain about Pasand, the owners are friendly enough, the food is usually good- if not the freshest its still tasty.i'd advise going during their lunch hours in order to catch the buffett; earlier the better as the food is at its peak earlier in the daythere arent that many indian restaurants in tempe, unfortuantely, and between this place and cafe udupi i'd probably go w/ pasand(not a veg so im biased tho)
5	Wow. Just, wow. I've never had Indian food make me say that. Granted, I've only had it one other time, and it was pretty good. But this? Wow.It wasn't very busy when we arrived, so we were seated right away, and it really has the feel of a "Mom and Pop" restaurant. Very nice couple, and a comfortable laid back atmosphere. I'm glad I was with my sister because she knew more about the food than I do (but I'm learning!), and I decided on the curried shrimp, which came with rice and 4 different soups on the side. Sis gave me a bite of her Chicken Biryani, and that was pretty yummy too. SO MUCH FOOD! And it was all delish. I wanted to keep eating even though I was ready to burst. The price with the amount of food you get was surprising, I expected it to be much more than it was.I can't wait to go back, and I would not complain at all making the drive from east Gilbert! Wow!
3	Went here for lunch with Rand H. and found a nice quiet and comfy restaurant . The buffet contained most of your average Indian buffet items .All of which were good, the tandoori chicken was really good. They have salad dressings on the buffet but no salad , they say its for the naan bread. For dessert they only had the monkey balls and some cubes of watermelon , mind you the monkey balls were good. So I decided to give them 3 stars but they are bordering on four. If you like Indian food this place is not bad and a good value at $9 for the lunch buffet.
5	I've been going to Pasand on and off for the last 10 years. Simply put, this is some of the best Indian Cuisine in the Valley, particularly for take-out (I put it in a tie between Pasand, Delhi Palace, and Dhaba). Some of the lower-starred reviews below are not at all reflective of this place. The staff are very welcoming a friendly. The food is excellently prepared. The Tandoori Chicken (any anything else from the Tandoor for that matter) is way better than the competition. I'm also a huge fan of their house-made paneer (cheese) curries. Oh, and Pasand also offers South Indian specialties that you won't find elsewhere -- like dosas.
4	I love this place even though I live in Gilbert; few Indian places at all in Gilbert. Will usually stop by when I go to Trader Joe's and get the chicken tikka kebab, thali style - that's enough for 2 meals for me. (thali just means it comes with pappadums, pooris, rice, raita, lentils, soup and 1 gulab jamun ball for dessert (two would be better...).Also love the onion pakora, onion pieces deep fried in lentil batter. Service has always been friendly.
3	Solid.  Definitely a place to go for lunch.  Dinner is a little overpriced for what you're getting.
4	ahhh pasand. I was introduced to this place by a friend of mine who's form India. Her and her husband frequent this place. I'm a huge fan of the Indian buffets because I don't know very many of the dishes and like variety. Pasand prepares the food much spicier than some of the other Indian buffets around, which I really dig. Don't dull down the spice to suit my gringo taste buds, bring the heat!!  The atmosphere is very mom and pop, and we're always made to feel welcome. Make sure to get some of their Pakora and the Chili Chicken, totally awesome!!
3	I made the mistake of hitting the buffet at 1:30 pm. I think it would have been good around noon, but I was stuck at work. Anyway, I will take some responsibility for my tardy lunch. Over all the place was clean, the staff was great and the service was very quick. The food, I assume because it was past prime lunch time, was not the greatest. I don't know how to pronounce or spell what I ate, I just know that it was sitting around for a while.
2	Went for their buffet last week, and sadly didn't have any sort of memorable experience. The most impressive dishes were the potato cauliflower dish, and the drink. Naan was boring, spiciness of the meat dishes lacked flavor to make them complex. Perhaps it is just that I have been spoiled by the amazing Indian food I have had elsewhere, but this just did not stack up. To be fair, I have never ordered off this restaurant's menu, so perhaps their cooked to order fare is more impressive, but the lunch buffet was just not doing it for me. Price was reasonable, so at least there was no sticker shock to add insult to injury.
3	Loved the price, but the food really was just "A-OK".  Nothing too impressive and can't say I'll be back unless I happen to be in the area at lunchtime and am simply dying for some Indian.  Lunch buffet with drink, total $9.00 (incl tax).  Good chicken dishes on the buffet, but otherwise didn't really like the other things I tried.  Not bad, not great.
2	Some days are good, some days are bad.  I have experienced the good and the bad of Pasand.  I have experienced great service and horrible service from the same person.  When my family and I first tried Pasand, we had a very family warming type experience.  The food was exceptional as we each tried a variety of North and South Indian foods.  There was also a time where the server took the food out too late and the dosas turned out cold.  He did not offer to refire another one.  In another experience, my dad got sick the next day.  It is hard to dine some where when you don't know how it will turn out.
2	Not my favorite at all, it was just ok. I would like to try the buffet though. I just did not think the flavors were all there.
4	Gosh, I haven't been to Pasand in a couple of years and I am glad that it was just as good as I remembered. I love, love, love me some Indian buffet. We came for lunch today and it was about $8. I had a couple plates of fried pakora, naan, chicken mahkani over white rice, tandoori chicken, and chili chicken. The food was delicious although not as spicy as I remembered. I wasn't complaining, though. We also ordered some dosa that was stuffed with potatoes. The service was good with prompt water refills and cleaning up extra plates. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal today!
1	Week end buffet was awful..nothing special about the food.. there were few items that were stale...A weekday regular food was ok...I wouldnt suggest pasand for indian food as phoenix has better indian restaraunts.
3	My Mom and I decided to have a girls day today, starting with massages and ending with Indian food on a whim. My mom said that she hated Indian food, but then it came out that the last time she had had it was 20 years ago, so we decided to give it a shot. The place is dark and a little run down, but once you get past that it is a decent place. We split the chicken tikka masala thali with garlic naan and a mango lassi. The drink was really tasty and my mom loved it! The chicken was good, but it wasn't as good as I have had it other places and it wasn't that spicy. The sauces that came with it were all pretty good. For dessert it came with a little fried donut thing that was sorta chemically tasting...not my fave. Overall, the place was good, it just didn't measure up to other places I have tried BUT it did change my mom's opinion on Indian food, which is awesome!
4	Pasand is under new ownership and the changes already seem good. I went there today expecting the same old stuff. What I got was some truely excellent tasting food. The food was leaps and bounds above the previous food. The spices were much more distinct and flavorful and especially fresh. In talking with the owners they were going to rennovate the run downinside and add some more buffet places. Overall I approve of what has been down to the place especially the food.
