4	Fresh fast food, but a tad on the expensive side for what it is. I much prefer this place to Baja Fresh or Chipotle- Home of the ten dollar burrito! They have a great little salsa bar where you load your own plastic containers of a variety of salsas. If you've never had a fish taco and you think it sounds yucky, try one here and you'll change your mind!
5	I come here for lunch about once a week. The food is great, but the reason I come back is the people. They are always fast and helpful. Many place in the area have dumb worthless employees (Einstein's Bagels). I recommend the fish burrito!
4	I'm a fan of Rubio's and stopped by this location for dinner one evening.  I ordered my traditional item.....Steak Burrito.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j0h8OH6ktQsnTmIaJsN5Hw?select=Zx--exGz8noCK_pSNsQuOAOf course, I stopped by the Salsa bar to get a few cups of their Spicy Salsa.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j0h8OH6ktQsnTmIaJsN5Hw?select=FpVfp0gkLcDXCZBTWSLyGgThe Burrito was very tasty as usual.  So far, all of the Rubio's I've been to have been consistent with good quality food and service.  This one is no different.  I'll be back again!Return Factor - 100%
5	Fast very friendly service. Especially love the fish taco's. Taco Tuesday is the best.
5	Great food and great service for a fast food Mexican restaurant.  What more could you ask for.
3	Of course if they claim to have the best fish tacos-I had to try them. I liked the fish, nice large pieces, deep fried, not too heavy on the batter. Although I found the tacos a bit dry, and I didn't think their sauce was anything special-but at least they had sauce! I asked for just the tacos and they charged me and gave me the entire meal, therefore only three stars...and my search for awesome fish tacos continues.
3	Rubio's is ok when I want a chill place to relax while I'm having lunch either on the patio (if you don't mind the noise from the road) or in the dinning room.The fish tacos are in a heavy batter and are decent. I also enjoy the chicken burrito. I do think the pricing is a skosh high considering this is more like a fast food place.
4	Rubio's helps me keep my diet, so I can eat out more often, haha.  This is my go to Rubio's after the gym.  As another yelper mentioned, the location is a little tricky and sometimes it is hard to find a parking spot.  Francisco, the manager is very personable and accommodating.  They have a few choices that are a lot healthier and they even make stuff for me that is not in the menu.
4	The original fish taco's...yum, my favorite! I have also tried other things here and enjoyed them all. But my go to is their original taco, hold the cabbage. The only non positive thing I have to say is that I am not a fan of any of their salsas. But that ok because everything I have had doesn't need them.If you are looking for something affordable and tasty this is a good pick!
5	Very friendly workers who are knowledgable.  The food is made fresh to order and feels healthy when you eat it!
5	For a chain place, they are pretty decently good I must say.  But the reason for the 5 stars (which I don't give out easily) is more for the service.  I am constantly blown away by how good the cashiers are here.  Excellent Customer Service.  That's a lot coming from me since I used to work for a company where we were known for our outstanding customer service.  My expectations are high.
4	Solid, reliable fish tacos.  Sometimes in life, that's all the world really needs.  Rubio's always comes through. Now please...open stores in the Midwest!!!
3	2/28/13Redeemed a couple of free fish taco coupons I was given at the Yelp event held here a couple of years ago (?).  Was told they were for the Alaskan pollock- the same ones we were given at the party.  While I waited for these to be prepared, I realized I don't like the atmosphere indoors, as it felt too fast-foodish for me, and yes, I realize that I am writing a review on Rubio's... I guess dining al fresco is the way to go when you're here.  Should I ever go back, I will choose outdoor dining, or just go for takeout and head to a nearby bar with a better selection of beers and wine and better atmosphere, as well.Oh, and I liked the beer-battered pollock with the greens and signature "white sauce" on flour tortillas.  Just wished each taco came with more than just the one lime wedge-- I need more acid to cut through the grease!FYI, I was told by a Mexican coworker, who used to work at Rubio's many, many years ago, that the beans' side dish is well-prepared here, for those who are health-conscious.  It isn't refried in lard like in other places.  I can't say I've tried it in recent times, so I can't comment on it any further-- just passing on what she told me.
4	Dear Fellow Taco Fanatics (and representatives of Rubio's):I am a long-time vegetarian and have spent a lot of time and money going to Rubio's over the years. I'm also the girl that rants and raves about Rubio's and their perfect chips, amazing mango habanera sauce, and juicy limes. I absolutely adore that you responsibly source your fish, and that's just the best thing about you guys. Thank you. Here's where I have my beef (vegetarian pun included).The Portobello Pablano taco (a.k.a. tastiest vegetarian treat ever) is GONE!  I went to visit the Rubio's in Scottsdale, Arizona. This particular Rubio's has the best people, wonderful management, and as I've mentioned already, very juicy limes. They literally sold me the last Portobello Pablano taco that they could make, since it was coming off of the menu. Talk about heart breaking.I was wondering if we could maybe delve into why such a decision was made, as there are seemingly very little options for vegetarian food in the "Taco" sector of the food industry. Don't break my heart, Rubio's!Sincerely, A Vegetarian Taco Lover (Don't read into that...)
3	Rubio's gives me hope for fast food. Maybe it's the grass roof seating area inside (see photo), but the food is very good and it's not so cookie cutter predictable here. We first started coming here after leaving the northwest.  Mostly because it reminded me of another great seafood place: "Taco Del Mar".  I much prefer seafood, while the family enjoys beef and chicken.  The prices here are closer to Chipotle, than Toxic Hell (aka, Taco Bell).I love their original Fish Taco and it's only $1.49 on Tuesdays after 2:30.  Normally it goes for $2.79, so it's a great deal.  Another favorite is their Veggie Burrito, which is more flavorful than Chipotle and priced at the same $6.49.  But here it's a better deal because they includes chips.  Their large side of beans is also a good deal for only $1.49.  They also have a good selection of beer.Rubio's is not perfect and sometimes the fish can be dry.  But most of the time, it's really very good.  The folks who work here are also great.  Mark behind the counter particularly makes you feel welcome and is good at sharing stories.  Oscar the Manager keeps the place very clean and the Salsa Bar is always immaculate (see photo).  Another plus!Here are their posted "Fresh Rule" as you come in:1) Flavor comes FIRST; 2) We never start your meal without YOU; 3) Our chips, salsa and Guacamole are made FRESH; 4) Our signature black & pinto beans are NEVER refried; 5) We use NO lard or MSQ ever!Works for me!The only weakness, which is really not their fault, is the location. Rubio's is sandwich between an AT&T store and the Skeptical Chymist pub.  It has virtually no parking and because of those other two places the parking lot can be a mess at times.  I find 2:30-3:00 works best for a late lunch.Three and Half Stars Plus, or "A-OK" bordering on Four.Enjoy!
3	I had lunch with coworkers here on a Thursday. I ordered the grilled veggie burrito. It had flavor and was filling, but it seemed a little expensive (more expensive than Chipotle), and in hindsight, I probably should have gotten a salad. The place was busy but not crowded. Service was quick, accurate, and friendly. The tables and salsa bar were clean and organized. It's not hard to find and parking is easy. They specialize in fish tacos, so that's probably the best bet for fish-eaters. Rubio's tries to market itself or seems to have a reputation as a somewhat healthy option, but that of course depends on what you order. My grilled veggie burrito had 770 calories according to their website's nutrition facts. Not terrible, but I also had some chips and salsa (they came with it free!), so not something I'm going to do everyday. I considered giving it four stars, but it seemed a little expensive, and it wasn't the best food I've ever had. Portions were big, but overall I think I prefer Chipotle.
4	Staff was very friendly.  Place is very clean inside and nice selection of salsas, limes, chopped onions w/ cilantro, marinated jalapeno peppers.  Ordered the 3 street tacos platter, two steak and one chicken taco, chips and beans.  Chips were very tasty, steak was nice and moist, more so than the chicken.  Nice bite size tacos.  Also got a Rice and bean burrito was was a nice size and cheap.  Left spending less than $12 for tasty lunch for two. Will be back.  For the price, place was fast, tasty, and accommodated custom orders.
4	they do have the best fish tacos!  Every Tuesday night is Rubios!  They are friendly and fast at this location.
4	It's been over 2 yrs since my original review, time to update it....this place has been a solid, consistent restaurant since I moved to town a few yrs ago.  They should be recognized for their consistent delivery of good food and solid service.  Their employees are always friendly and welcoming.It can get busy here for lunch and on the weekends....the one knock on it is the small parking lot area...it can get full fast.I'm addicted to their Steak Burritos....especially when I top it with Spicy Salsa from the Salsa Bar.Return Factor - 100%
4	The food is freshly prepared and far lighter and more flavorful than any fast food place.  The service is pleasant and efficient, at close to fast food prices.  The mahi mahi is so flavorful, and I love the grilled fish burrittos, especially Baja style - some of the best I've ever had!  The fish tacos are also excellent, any way you get them (I've tried many different versions, always great).
4	Made a quick lunch trip to this location.  Had the Coastal Trio, which was very good.  The atmosphere has a beach vibe and was very clean and organized.  I probably will try another meal when I go back, not because the Coastal Trio was bad, but I would love to try a more traditional style taco from there in place of the seafood ones.  Overall: A-  Will definitely return and try new things at this place!
4	Always enjoy the shrimp salad and unfettered access to the salsa bar!
5	Stopped by for lunch. This was my very first visit to Rubio's. Found out what I was missing. First off, the manager was very helpful. Said she was with the company for 3 years here and in Tucson. I stuck with the Shrimp Burrito...wasn't disappointed. Staff was helpful, restaurant was clean and presentable, food was delicious, and everything seemed healthy.
5	Excellent shrimp tacos!  However the gentleman behind the counter who is the Gringo who speaks Spanish to the staff. Your customer service is flawless but your tone and delivery to your staff is condescending and rude in Spanish, and believe me they notice it!  Be warned, there are other Gringos who are bilingual like myself (interpreter/translator).  Use of the reflexive command form in Spanish is dangerous!  It can make you sound like you are yelling or treating people like dogs if you are not careful
5	Love this place! Great food and nice staff!
5	We order Rubios about twice a week here at the office.  I often get it catered in for guests we have or company meetings.  The online catering option is extremely convenient as well!  The people working at this store (John the cashier, John the manager, and Liza...not sure how to spell her name) are always so friendly and helpful.  The food is always great too!
3	The food had good taste to it and the service was fine. But when the cost is factored in I have to drop it a star because the portion size of their $7.29 burritos did not match up, and no beans or rice come at that price, just a handful of chips. We've certainly had more authentic Mexican food for less money.  The fish tacos were good, too, but again the coat should have meant three tacos. The steak was tender, the chicken in the burritos had good flavor, and the salsa bar is a nice touch.  So it was a decent place, just overpriced.
1	This was the most unorganized, hectic, and ridiculous experience I've ever had at a Rubio's, or at any eatery for that matter. I was picking up a catering order, which should have been ready at 11:30...With all of the confusion between the staff & the kitchen, in regards to multiple orders; it was obvious by noon that my order had not even been made yet. One of the employees was literally running back and forth, frantically delivering food to people's tables inside the restaurant. Meanwhile, a line of people piled out the door about 20 deep. The ice machine was out of ice for a good 15 minutes while I was waiting there for my order. This place was a mess. No system, no organization, and no communication between the staff in the front and the kitchen. I finally got my order, 50 minutes after it should have been ready. It's safe to say that I will never go back to this Rubio's & my office will most definitely not be making a huge catering order from them again, because they couldn't even get it right. With missing items, wrong items, and poorly put together burritos, let's just say it was a bad day for this poorly run Rubio's.
3	Rubios. You already know what your getting (the fish tacos) and since Jennie and I split the meal I ordered a side of chips .79cents extra ( I seriously was only given a half a bag.  Sorry Rubios I did not realize you might have to lay off an employee if you gave me a full bag. )
4	I'm not going to review this place again unless I have a bad experience. Great service, very good food, love the salsa bar a lot! I did the coastal trio again and it was consistent with last time! :) Fresh and delicious!
5	I order a lot of catering for lunch presentations and this is the best Rubios by far to order from. Great customer service and the food is yummy!
3	Ordered my food, then about 5-10 minutes later the manager started apologizing for delay and warning customers that food might be further delayed. He communicated the delay but didn't give any timeframe. 20 minutes later, customers started getting food. I got a refund without an issue and the manager was very apologetic. Great manager but unfortunate situation that was very frustrating.
1	I have come here for years, right around the corner from my house. Always been a great place to go, in the past couple months this place has gone downhill fast!! It's always filthy! Dirty tables, dirty dishes, dirty restrooms. It's never crowded so I don't know why they wouldn't have time to clean. The past few times I have gone in the girl taking the orders (she always has a flower or weird hat in her hair) messes up the orders and doesn't listen. The service has become horrendous, the food is always cold or not cooked. Sad because this place was a favorite. Take your business somewhere else this restaurant doesn't deserve it!!!
