5	Excellent experience Great service ,attention and care better than many others school Best place to learn they really have patient
5	I never write reviews because I am usually too busy with work and such.  I am making time to say just a few words about this school and one of the instructors.  Just finished the advanced class yesterday with Joanna Needham and I can tell you that it was worth every second of the class.  By far one of the best instructors I have ever dealt with and willing to listen when you need a little more assistance.  Knowing that everything that you are being taught is needed on an almost everyday basis and having the knowledge that you have been taught to handle the bike, the road, and yourself in any situation is great.Everyone there does a great job and now I have the skills and training to truely enjoy the ride.  Thank you Joanna and the whole Training Crew!  Your the best!Jason C.
5	Although I did not complete the class (riding street is not like riding dirt - just sayin') I really enjoyed the staff and the knowledge of the instructors. One of the instructors was the first female bike cop in Los Angeles, kicked off the American Gladiator series in 89, has won numerous riding awards and use to race for Husqavarna in the Baja races. So I felt like she had experience and knowledge on several topics that were of concern to me which made me feel more at home in the class.When taking this class, you take a written test and a bike riding test that allows for you to bypass both of the DMV tests and just go up to the DMV and get your new license. I consider this to be a bonus as I have heard that the DMV riding test is pretty tight and harder for novice riders to pass. So if you take this class, that's something you do not have to be concerned about. And you are tested by your instructor.In navigating around the Boulder Highway construction, if you come off the Detour from Sahara, its an immediate turn to the right by the IBEW and Chapman Dealership.I hope that I will be able to get back into the class to pick up where I left off and not have to pay extra, but we will see after I have knee surgery and heal up. I will post an update then.
5	It should be a fluke that you not only get a wonderful & wise instructor but that your classmates have an equally good time with something that tends to make non-riders nervous to the point of danger. I've had friends go through the Harley Davidson school after knowing how to ride and have less fun, less learning & less comparability. I wish they had been with Doc. He's not only ex-military, he's no b.s. with a sense of humor to calm the most frazzled of nerves & the best part, he's not teaching to make money, sell gear, or any of the other commercial reasons. He teaches because he loves seeing people experience the utter joy & freedom that two wheels & a foundation of rational safety offer. I'd recommend this school to anyone.
5	I just finished the motorcycle training course with my girlfriend and a co-worker. Comically we picked the hottest weekend (so far) for the year in Las Vegas (117 degrees). The course was held out of a small trailer next to a parking lot that almost seemed apart of the car dealership next door. The bikes were small 125cc Eliminators. Sounds bad? The environment and information overload came close to having us three (motorcycle virgins) quit several times. The three of us passed the course and the riding test, but even if we hadn't, it would have been worth every penny! Joanna Needham was our instructor. I cannot imagine a more knowledgeable individual in her subject matter than Joanna. It is only due to her training that the three of us had a hope of passing. I believe that we picked up a life skill (and general knowledge) that is invaluable even if we do not hop on a motorcycle in the near future. Concerning the class. This is NOT a pass or gets your money back sort of course. You receive all the training necessary to pass the course and then you are impartially graded on your riding skills in the exact same manner as DMV. This means that there is a fair likelihood of failure at the end. There has to be impartial grading to give the school any credibility AND there is no way the school wants to put dangerous riders on the streets. If you are interested in motorcycles or just want the life skill to know how to ride one, I highly suggest taking this course!
5	Alright LV riders and rider-wannabes, if you need/want to take a MSF course, this is the place to do it.  Starting from calling the place (the owner answered the phone and all of my questions kindly and patiently) all the way through the course, this was a great experience.  First of all, I already had a license and decided (after several years of not riding) to attend the basic rider course as a refresher.  (BTW, if you do this, you get a "S" card for your insurance and don't have to take the tests!)  I am so glad I did.  The instructor I had was Joanna Needham, this lady is tough but she has a ton of valuable riding experience and stories and definitely puts a real-world spin on the classroom bits.  She was also able to impart wisdom and coaching appropriately for a variety of skill levels (it was a mixed class).  She took her time in explaining each maneuver so that everyone was clear on what we were supposed to do (which was nice, I didn't feel too stupid asking dumb questions or not grasping where we were supposed to go during an exercise).I will say that a really nice part about the class was the size--limited to a group of 8, I didn't feel too bad if I messed up a maneuver or had to re-accomplish a task, and it didn't feel over crowded on the range.  Luckily it was overcast and drizzly during my class (c'mon, Vegas in the SUMMER, with riding gear on?  That gets pretty toasty!), but we still got plenty of breaks to hydrate/snack/relieve ourselves.  The course itself starts with the basics (this is a motorcycle... it has 2 wheels...) so it's not difficult to keep up.  Even the maneuvers progressed at a reasonable pace but I didn't feel like I wasn't given enough time to grasp a concept.  The one thing that was a little distracting (super minor detail, probably not standard for the courses) was that there was another coach who was getting a recertification, and I'm not sure how much prior coordinating he and Joanna did before he showed up because there were a few differences in their teaching methods (she would tell us one thing, he would tell us another); nothing unsafe, but I could see where it could cause some confusion.  For the most part, the basics/curriculum were the same, and having an extra instructor there just gave us another set of expert eyes on the course.  All in all, 5 stars for quality training and pleasant people interaction.  Last thing, this is a military-friendly organization (even the snack bar benefits the American Legion)-- so veterans, active duty, and family members remember to ask for a military discount!
