1	Front counter receptionists are more concerned about their own gossip than the patient.  Had to wait 45 min past my appointment because they "forgot about me!" overall a low rent operation where profit comes first.  They can't get their billing correct. Received 4 frenzied calls while driving home to let me know that they had undercharged me.  They ask for payment upfront...that tells you a lot. I feel bad because the hygienist was very nice, but it's just not worth dealing with the front desk.
4	Very friendly and helpful. Had 4 kids seen here and was very happy. First time was a quick in and out second time was to get cavities filled waited a bit longer cause the orthodontist was in so waiting room was packed but everyone was busy and worked hard it was emptied soon and my kids were seen in a timely manner
1	They changed the price to double the amount. Yet the work they are to preform has not changed. They are only trying to make a fast buck off of you. If they can double the price they will.I am filing a complaint with the Nevada State board of Dental Examiners here is a link http://www.nvdentalboard.nv.gov/Licensees.htmI have also informed my dental plan that they be over charging for the work.I only give them one star because it seems that the work they have done is ok.
5	I have been going to this dental office for a few years now after my dentist I had for more than a decade went out of network. The main reason I am giving them 5 stars is because I missed an appointment and did not get charged a "no show fee." Most dental/medical offices charge some type of fee for those type of occurrences. I was also late a few times and the office staff were totally understanding about it. At my other dentist the receptionist would always give me that "ugh" attitude. I also want to mention Dr. Kern fixed my crown which always caught food in it. I've been to two other dentists with the same crown, although they noticed it they didn't really do much about it, so I can truthfully say he cares. Dr. Kern went to UNLV for his dental degree, if that adds a slight bit of a wow factor  The women up front are friendly for the most part and it's pretty easy to schedule an appointment. If you're looking for a dentist and come across Courtesy I definitely recommend them.
1	There are not enough words to explain how much I do not like this dental office. I used to go here when it was Colosimo Dental, and I was fine with Dr. Colosimo. Not wowed, not disappointed, just an average dental experience. Then, I met the new dentist, and apparently new front desk staff. I have NEVER been to a business that was like this. Not one person working the front desk seemed to know what they were doing. That makes me very uneasy going into the actual procedure I went there for. Then, the dental assistant I had talks like a hoodlum kid, which of course doesn't make me feel good either. In comes the dentist. Did. Not. Like. Him. At. All. He too does not talk professionally. I have talked to Walmart clerks who sound more professional then him, and I am not exaggerating. I told him that I did not like getting my teeth cleaned and didnt want them cleaned, I just wanted to find out what I needed to do to get the crown I needed put on. He kept pressuring me and making me feel terrible about not wanting to get my teeth cleaned and started SCRAPING MY TEETH ANYWAY. If a patient says she doesn't want something, you leave it at that. After this visit, I switched dentists (Premier Dental Care, amazing). I have been to many dentists offices over the years and this was absolutely the worst experience I have had.
5	I was recently involved in a accident and as a result i lost some teeth. After going to a few other dentists a friend suggested i stop by here and see DR. Kern, he was not only  very nice but he knew what he was doing. He saved me lots of money by advising against unneeded procedures and took extra time to make sure i had a perfect match with color, shape, and size on my crown. Due to the himself and the rest of the staff i will be making courtesy dental my only dentist !!
2	First thing, the front desk staff had a full on conversation with me standing there waiting to check out. Then the woman looked at, didn't say anything, flipped through my chart and then said I was good to go. When I called to make an appt for a cleaning it was suggested that I have an exam first, all I needed was a regular cleaning which I had to wait a whole month for an open appt. The day before my appt I got a call that my appt was cancelled due to the hygienist being sick and I had to wait a whole other month! Went today for the cleaning which took all of 20 minutes....I liked the dentist a lot but I probably won't be back again, this office is highly unorganized.
