3	Closed on Sundays.  Otherwise it's a typical bike shop, one or two guys running the place at a time so if there are more than one or two customers inside you have to wait a while to talk to anyone.
3	This is a tiny little bikestore located right off Park Road. And while it may be small, it's definitely cram as much as they can into the place.They have plenty of bikes, mainly mountain bikes, but they also have some cycling & kids bikes as well. Raleigh & Fuji are their main 2 brands, so don't expect much else in the way of brand variety. When you walk in, you're shuffled between 2 rows of bikes, which is the majority of this stores inventory. And while they cram in the bikes in here, they also have some apparel such as clothing & shoes.The prices here seemed pretty reasonable, but you won't find too much of a variety, considering it's such a small store. So if you're looking for something particular, they probably won't have what you're looking for. But if you're looking to get into biking, then they'll be able to help you out.
3	I needed a water bottle holder/mount for my cruiser bike (which didn't have the little hooks on the frame for a holder). After trying a couple bike shops and having no luck, I was happy to find a mount at The Bike Gallery. When I explained what I was looking for, the employee was pretty helpful and showed me the best way to put it on my bike. For a small store, they had a lot of bikes and accessories in there. I'll definitely try it again.
3	Bikes, bikes, and more bikes. I didn't need a bike when I went in, but if I did I'm sure they would have one that I like. It's a small store, but filled to the brim with accessories. I needed a bike lock and the nice guy behind the counter quickly directed me to their locks. It was over $20 (you can get other locks at Target for about $5 less), but I got 5 keys to go with the one lock. Maybe they think I'll have issues with losing my keys and want to keep me on the safe side. I was in and out within 5 minutes! Perfect, quick stop!
