5	R & R is awesome. Sunday afternoon in the middle of a birthday party our AC stops working. I have used them before through our Home Warranty Service and knew that the were dependable. I never thought I would be able to get anyone to come out late Sunday afternoon, but they sure came through. I called and they were out within the hour. They fixed our AC and party was a success! R & R is a pleasure to deal with and would definitely recommend them to everyone.
5	I'm a native Phoenician, so over the years I have had my share of experiences with air conditioning issues.  I've used a couple of services providers consistently but had become more than a little disillusioned with them recently and after some digging for references settled on R&R Refrigeration.  I have to say I was really pleased.They've been to my house three times (including the initial inspection) and each time they were right on schedule.  This is a huge peeve of mine; I don't like being given the four to six hour window. Each time I was given a two hour block and they actually were at my house within 20 minutes of the "as early as" time.The service has been stellar.  I had my evaporative cooler replaced and they did the pre-season tune up on my A/C.  When I had questions about my new system, they were quick to respond to my inquiry and had a service man come out to check things out on the next business day.Add to this that for the cooler they were about 40% less than the nearest quote and I think they might have themselves a life long customer. :)
5	Our air conditioning upstairs went out 3 months after buying our house.  Luckily, we have a home warranty from Landmark.  Filed a claim, 15 minutes later, they call saying they are going to contact their local AC repair contractor.  15 minutes later, R&R calls and we schedule an appointment same day! They were very professional.  They came out, figured out what was wrong, explained it clearly to my wife, and then worked with Landmark to get the claim approved within 24 hours!  Because this was on a Friday, we had to wait until Tuesday next week to get the new unit installed.  Again, R&R was on time and professional.  Their contact, Mindy, was very helpful, very nice, instructive, and spent a lot of time with me on the phone making sure my questions were properly answered.  The new unit is quiet and I would imagine much more efficient.  Lucky for us, our home warranty covered everything but the $60 initial service call and a connection they recommended we replace.  They also told me they would fill out the warranty information for us and send it back to the manufacturer of the AC unit.  Awesome!  I would recommend them to anyone who needs any work done.  Very impressed.
5	Wife at house in Cave Creek had AC issues. R and R technician was a few minutes later than scheduled (service work is that way) but did call ahead to inform that he was on his way. He had the parts that were necessary and the repair was prompt. Gave us a few tips to keep our units running dependently. Will always be first call.
5	R&R was great!!! I talked to Mindy the service manager and she was so helpful at explaining everything to me. I had called around and by far Mindy was the best!!! I recommend R&R to everybody.
5	R&R is the only place for my heating and A/C needs.   Appointments were made down to the minute and the costs were consistent with the estimate.  I am an electrical engineer and found these folks are some of the few that do the math when working on your equipment.  Keep it up R&R!
5	R & R is the only company we use! I first stumbled upon them a few years ago when I was out of town (cross country) and my wife and young kids were at home in Surprise, when our AC unit went out! This was a Sunday late afternoon. I tried looking up AC companies online and found R & R, I explained the situation and they were great - within a few hours they came to my house and fixed the problem on a Sunday night! Have used them ever since whenever there is an issue, as well as for AC 'tune ups'I also value their honesty and they will tell you the 'real deal' and not try to get you to do something that's not needed. I have dealt with the owners and their employees and have always been treated well.
5	I have been using R&R Refrigeration for the past two years and I am so happy I found them.  They are honest and know their stuff and their prices are fair and comparable.  I recently got a new AC unit put in and their staff were professional, patient and very nice.  I HIGHLY recommend them to anyone looking for a HVAC company.
