3	I'm usually one for Its A Grind coffee shops being that I worked for one a year ago.. Pros:- Plenty of seating (maybe because it was super slow)- Free wifi- Drive thruCons: - Service = alright. Barista just took my order, handed me my drink, and went back to cleaning. not what i'm used to when going into coffee shops.. didn't feel too home-y.- lighting was a little too dark for me.- coffee was wayy too strong. I know Its a Grind uses a special cold brew for their ice coffee thats stronger than their regular drips.. and just add some water.. but seemed like my coffee was just straight strong brew. i even added soy milk..Other than that this place seems cool. Hopefully it gets busier.. wouldn't wanna see it go under.
5	Great alternative to Starbucks. Lots of yummy sweet treats to choose from and love the flavored fresh brewed coffee. Plenty of seating (including patio) which makes this a great place to spend a few minutes of your day! Prices are reasonable (typical coffee shop scale).
3	I love their ice for the iced drinks! Perfect tiny little round ice nuggets.Friendly service, quick in and out, not "watered" down and the perfect # of shots for each size drink. I really only ever get coffee here and it's usually at off times. 11 am. 2:30 pm... so I can't speak about anything but their hot or iced latte and I never have to wait long because sometimes I'm the only one in there.In fact, writing this review makes me want one one. Might make a pit stop on the way home today.
4	If you're from SouthWest Vegas and looking for a good place to chill, look cool with your skinny jeans, oversized beanie, and mac book pro, look no further....The Grind is the place to be.Yea I was describing myself on the first paragraph. I no longer have to drive all the way to Desert Inn and Durango for the other Grind that's open 24hrs because this one is also open 24hrs now too.  I like looking important here with my macbook as if I'm doing something with my laptop thats productive.  I'll place a book to the side to act like I'm doing homework but really, I'm just facebookin' or yelping and checking out these 2 cute chinese girls chillin' outside while I'm doin this review.The ambience of this place is chill, with your typical hippy looking cafe crowd.  Coffee is good but I favor the ice blended menus since I dont really have the tongue to handle anything hot.  My fav is their caramel mocha. Be warned, stay away from their crepes, nasty.  I love chillin at here, sipping my drink slowly and just browsing away.  If you ever see me, feel free to say hi. I'm the lonely guy at the corner.
5	I've gotten so tired of Starbucks! And It's A Grind is a pleasant (and super tasty!) break from the commonly occurring blandness of Starbucks! I'd recommend the vanilla caramel latte! It is by far my favorite!
4	This is my home away from home for: getting a solid cup of coffee, doing homework, and just to get out of the house.I prefer this location to the other two It's A Grind's that I have visited (Durango & Desert Inn and Eastern & Pebble) because they are corporately owned...although this is typically a bad thing at this location the baristas are always upbeat and smiling, the wi-fi is FREE, as opposed to having to make a minimum purchase for up to 4 hours of time and it's not 100 degrees inside like the others, which I don't think runs the air in the summer time.I'm not a big fan of the extended coffee menu that has come about since proliferation of Starbucks. I drink black coffee when it's cold, and iced black coffee when it's hot. a little sugar or an occasional cafe au lait is as adventurous as I get. They have a variety of plain coffee options. My favorite is the toasted southern pecan, but their plain house coffee is great (much better than what other serious coffee houses brew). Their iced coffee is cold brewed and has great flavor and a very aromatic after taste.As for the other drinks...there are a thousand different things they can make for you with a huge variety of syrups, powders, and unique toppings. This means your favorite drink isn't just around for a season. If you want a pumpkin latte in June you can usually get it.The only reason they get 4 stars instead of 5 is the prices...A small cup of coffee is $2 before tax.  That means if I only have $2 in my pocket I can get a cup of coffee anywhere within 2 miles except here. With McDonald's improving the quality of their coffee while clocking in at $1, Dunkin brewing a very consistent cup and Starbucks being the industry leader and being known for quick service while keeping a small coffee at $1.70. I probably wouldn't ever take my to-go business to an It's A Grind.However, with that being said...for an in store coffee shop experience with comfortable seating, great music, friendly service, free wifi and a discount on refills if you keep your cup you can't beat this place.
4	I am taking back one thing I claimed from previous review:Why is it always 80+ degrees in Here? Even if it's 50 outside...is this some common thing with all of the It's A Grind's? Is this your way of keeping people from staying too long. If you don't want people in here then don't have chairs and tables and internet.Heat makes me want to drink WATER...for FREE...Not coffee. (even if it is iced.)
5	I love this place it's so yummy! My favorite is the sugar-free muffins.......and the strong high octane coffee with a great pick me up effect!!
5	Been there several times and actually prefer it to Starbucks, I know, I said it... Great quality espresso drinks with the right amount of syrup - you can actually taste the coffee. My only complaint is that the service staff usually looks pretty sloppy - I'm not the kind of person that takes stars away like I am a Yelp god, but ownership might consider stepping that part up a bit.
5	I'm hooked man these are the best blended drinks in town. The funky monkey is my favorite.
4	This location has the nicest staff!  Always puts a smile on my face when I hit the drive-through in the morning.Good coffee too!
5	Went this morning and the service was great. I only wish they were wearing name tags so I could give them "shout outs" It was a great change and alternative to starbucks. THe new Pumpkin Holiday drinks are great to try.
2	We normally make our coffee at home but were in a rush recently so we stopped here to grab morning coffees.  Normally, this place does a great job of delivering our tasty caffeine fixation.  But on this day, there were a gaggle of young girls behind the counter loudly talking about their Halloween party plans.  One girl, I don't think she was on duty, was in sweatpants and flipflops... just making herself coffee beverages and enjoying them behind the counter.  Ok, whatever.  I just wanted a good strong Americano.  Alas, my drink tasted like hot brown water.  And there were a LOT of grinds in my grey cup of coffee when I took the lid off to add milk.  So yeah, 4-5 teenage girls hanging out near the espresso machine and this is what happens.  I'll be going to the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf over on Rainbow from now on.
4	They were super sweet when I came in for a tea! It was my reward for going to the Dr. Hey even mommy needs a reward! I told them I miss them by my house as Madhouse is not the same. They said they "make it with love" LOL..I don't disagree!
4	My girlfriend is here very night pretty much. I come one in awhile. But, the coffee is good. I order the caramel mocha which are tasty. internet is good until it stops working and they have to reset the router (century link, what can ya do, right?)  chairs are comfy and yes as a review says they used to keep this place at 1,000,000 degrees then they turned it down and it's a lot more pleasant. all around i like this place, but  . it's backwards busy during the week and dead on the weekends? I dont get it but whatever. come here get some coffee and chill.
4	Since this place is open 24 hours a day, I go here several times a month around 4:30 am to get an iced mocha or iced coffee.  They are very consistent with the iced drinks, even at that time of the morning.  Now and then I'll get a chocolate croissant, and those things are absolutely incredible! The frappe type drinks aren't quite as good in my opinion, but overall this place is very good.
5	It's a grind has great coffee and friendliest staff I ever seen. There cup sizes range from small to very large. I love this place!
3	I thought I could give this place a try since the reviews were decent and I'm trying to wean myself away from Starbucks. I came here last Saturday when it was super windy and wanted to warm myself up before shopping. I ordered their hot chai latte, I believe it was a regular size. I went through the drive-thru  and waited a about 5 to 10 minutes from the time I ordered the drink and waiting for the car ahead of me to get theirs. Once I payed and received my drink, then left..just after a couple sips I wasn't impressed, I guess everyone has their take on certain drinks. It felt like it was watery and somewhat tasteless, I think I've had Safeway brand instant chai taste a lot better then that, I'm sorry but that's just my opinion. So, this experience wasn't great but the employee was courtesy and the price was fair. I will try it again in the future but a different drink just to give it another chance.
5	My husband and I are night owls and wanted a place to play on our computers and sip lattes! This place is fantastic, they have nice big comfy chairs to sit in, and almond milk! great atmosphere and the baristas are friendly and make delicious drinks.
2	A lot of these reviews talk about how friendly the staff is, but when I went yesterday (6pm on 2/26), I did not experience that at all. We weren't ever greeted or said goodbye to.  The first thing the cashier said to me when I went up to order was just "hold on." Then she took my order (medium tea), then told me to hold on again, so she could finish doing two other orders, one of which was a smoothie. I literally just ordered tea and their tea comes in tea bags. She just left my cup with a tea bag in it on the counter while she went to make the coffee and the smoothie. Maybe it's just me, but I don't see why she couldn't just put the hot water in my cup.I do understand that it must've been hard since she was the only one working up front, but c'mon, you gotta learn how to multitask and do it with a smile on your face. If she at least greeted us or said something other than "hold on" and "here you go" to me, then I might've given this place 3 stars, maybe even 4. Customer service can really do a lot for a place and I just didn't experience anything good here. I will, however, be back in the future since this is one of the only coffee shops by my house and I'm always on the prowl for some study spots.
4	I love coming here the staff is always really nice and the drinks are great. The only reason for a four star is because of the seating,, this place would be great if it was bigger
5	The staff is so friendly and helpful. Because its a family owned place the take pride in making sure every drink i order is delicious!
4	I really liked this coffee shop as it was a change from starbucks, not to mention it was right across the street from my place.  Went there this morning and they are now CLOSED :/
4	A nice breath of fresh air from the Starbucks franchise.  Get the Aztec Mocha if it's in season...a cocoa coffee drink with a spicy kick!  Sounds weird but it's good :)
