4	I eat here often and enjoy the food very much.  Ask them for chicken with curry sauce (not on the menu) for a treat.The restaurant has moved from the address listed to 1318 Ste Catherine East.  Everything about the new location is better than before.  You can even bring wine or beer in with you (SAC, the liquor store in Quebec, is a block away).
3	It was good.  We wanted something easy and breezy for our last night in Montreal this past Sunday.  Our friends took us to this tiny place located in Le Village next door to Mozza. The spicy peanut sauce chicken was delicious.  I'm not much for fried spinach and I didn't know people did that, but it was gooooood! Pros: -The menu is no fuss or muss. -You know what you are ordering. -Fresh food.  -Friendly and good service. -Clean establishment. -Good location.
1	I'm glad the 2 previous reviewers had a better experience, but this place sucks!First, we were so in the mood for delicious Thai food during our last day in Montreal. Finally we bucked up on this pedestrian way. We walked it top to bottom then decided okay, let's eat here at Wok Et Soupe. Well, what a waste of money!Service - Grade F!I have a 15 month old, so they seemed a bit agitated that stroller was taking up space although there were barely any ppl sitting on deck due to the weather. Waitress didn't even come to move a chair or to make space. Plus she didn't offered a high chair (maybe they didn't have one, so ok). Next waitress (female with a frown), dumped all three menus on table and walked away. About a minute later she returned to ask if we wanted drinks. I asked do you have sparkling water? "yes" waitress with a frown replied.  Ok, so 1 sparkling water, a glass of house white wine - she stops me with an attitude as if I should know they don't serve wine and it's a B.Y.O.W joint. So I said, oh okay, no worries. Just the water and a hot Chinese tea for my mom. When she delivered the tea and water, my mom asked if she could have 2 packets of sugar, waitress with a frown says, sugar??? (with an attitude). Ugh, okay.  When she returned with the sugar, she tossed them where they landed in the middle of the table and no spoon to stir. At the same time, a male server decides to take our food order.  I realized the water is not sparkling, so I said I'd like a sparkling water and not flat, he said we don't have, so I said okay. I don't want the flat water. We proceeded to order a number 22, another combo and my Red Curry Chicken, plus a Thai Fried Rice to go. Well all combos, plus rice was Disgusting! Sorry, I don't usually complain, but really???! Bad service + bad food? I just don't get!  Now as the previous reviewers said, you have to know what to order I guess. Maybe they should call it the hit or miss restaurant. I didn't eat my Red Curry with Chicken dish. The chicken tasted like processed deli meat and the coconut curry was watered down from its original form at least 2x. It was more like coconut oil with spice. I love spicy, but with some passion to its content. There was no kaffir leaf, no basil, not a rich coconut curry taste. Nothing! I've been to Thailand twice, and have enjoyed fine Thai food for years - this place was a joke!When my 'to go' rice arrived, I got excited to just eat that and ditch my curry, only to open it and to my dismay, even worse. Not even worth getting into what was wrong with this dish.To top it off we had no utensils when food arrived, had to call Ms. Frown Face to table to ask her for utensils. She brought 2 then dipped back to the table behind us that had 6 people seated, took one of their fork and knife sets and gave it to us. Lazy and tacky.At this point, I was just over the nonsense. I decided I wasn't going to choke down garbage for dinner. I quietly went inside to lady at register and said I wasn't pleased. I told her I would pay for the 3 meals, although most of it was still sitting in plate, however I wanted fried rice removed from my bill. She didn't even ask why, or what happened, instead she decided to get an attitude like a child! I then decided that's it! You listen! Your service is bottom of the barrel and the food even worse. Take it off my bill - Thank You! She uttered words in her language to male server and he then tossed rice in trash behind him (right where it should have been in the 1st place) and she grumbled that many ppl eat there and I said - cool! I hope they continue because it's not very good. She handed me the bill. I decided NOT TO TIP, because it is my Right! Why should I tip for bad service? Bad food is 1 thing, but both...No Way! I'm a great tipper! I usually leave 18-20% anywhere service is rendered to me. If Ms Frown wasn't so awful, I'd have had no issues tipping, as service is separate from cooks in the kitchen. I know they didn't cook the food, but this place was a complete joke. Bad all around. As I'm walking out Mr Server decides he wants to confront me and give me a lecture about ppl in Montreal tip 15% for good service and what did he do wrong? I asked what he did right? He wasn't even our server - only took food order. Take it up with Ms Frown Face...she can answer your questions bro. Here's your tip! Improve everything all around. Get a new chef, train your staff and rock it out! Otherwise, close the doors!
2	I ordered a Chicken with Satay Sauce and it was a disappointment...it was edible but it was not satay sauce....the waiter brought the soup and three minutes later he came and dumped our food  on the table without asking if we were finished, I guess he wanted us to eat in 10 minutes so we could get the hell out of there...not a pleasant dining experience. The food is decent (not great), rather inexpensive, the place is clean, but the staff needs more training... I am sure there are better places to go
1	This was one of the worst Chinese food meals I've ever had. Diabetics should steer clear of the General Tao chicken -- it would be less sugary if they just doused it in maple syrup. I've had better food out of a catering truck at half the price.
5	This is my favorite local Asian place.Friendly service, good home made food, bring your own wine, what else can you want!Love it and been there, reliable for many years.
5	I don't care what any of you people say. This place has the BEST GENERAL TAO in town. Its the meatiest too (Judging from the chicken to batter ratio). Its crunchy and meaty, has the right amount of sweet and spice too. Order 2 sides of rice the bowls are pretty small. They can deliver to me too!
5	Cheap & CheeryI go to this place every time I visit Montreal. The staff are friendly, there is barley a wait for the food and you can bring your own wine and they provide a bucket with ice too keep it ice cold. Definitely 5 stars with the exception of the General Tao Chicken (it's too sweet) but everything else is amazing!
4	If you're vegan, you can eat here!The vegetable spring rolls and general tao tofu is vegan! And the tofu is fantastic! They fry it till its SUPER crispy and its so delicious!Location:Right in the gay village. In the summer, the patio is open on the street (as the street is completely closed off from any cars). The inside is nice and simple. The bathrooms are clean.I'm giving this a 4 star only because I feel like $10 for the general tao tofu is a little much. I wouldn't mind paying max $8 since its not a HUGE portion or anything.But, other than that, I recommend.
