2	Ate there YesterdayFood  was  average Sushi was Ok.    Waited a long time for crab leg.  Over an hour They were tiny for a 16 dollars buffetGood variety but  all tasted mediocre Lots of dirty plates.  Told the girl at the fruit bar, and she came out with a towel to clean it  right at the buffet table.  Donno why she did not take it back to the washing machine .   I took a pic tooGreat wall taste better and shan hai too
5	With the old location in Chandler believed by many (including myself) to be the best Chinese Buffet in Arizona, imagine if they opened a brand new place.  Well, here it is, & is it ever something!This wonderful place STARTS with the 80 or so dishes you expect at a top-quality Chinese Super Buffet, & then they go on to add that many more terrific tastes, many of which I'd never even seen before, & I eat at these places almost daily!  Of the 162 dishes that I counted, one was presented to me by a Korean lady that I got to talking to.  She dragged me over there & promised that if I would try this fish cooked in Kim Chee sauce, that it would be the best fish I ever tasted.  (Yes, it was right up there!)I tried to stick to pretty much brand new dishes like that, cheating with a few things like their amazingly good Sushi, & I still got full before I could try all the great treats that were out.  It's going to take a few more visits (soon!) to really experience this place.  Meanwhile, I already think it's the best Chinese Buffet in Arizona!!     :-))Lunch Buffet $8.38/$7.54 Sr.
3	To begin, the interior is nice and it didn't smell weird like buffets-- especially the way seafood ones do. The staff was young and energetic and was enthusiastic to talk with you and explain how it worked. You could eat from the buffet or order from the menu and there were separate seating areas for both. We opted for the buffet. It looked interesting. What surprised me most was the number of patrons that were of Asian descent sitting around me. (Some of them quite fashionable, I might add!) If they eat here and have a smile on their face, then maybe it's ok for me to eat here too, I thought.Overall, the selection of food was impressive. The buffet was clean and there was never a dirty plate on my table. My drink was contantly refilled. The food was fresh and hot or cold like it should be and the quality was middle of the road good on everything I tried, and a few items (like the orange chicken) were very good. Usually at buffets, you hate most of the stuff and only end up liking two or three items, but here I actually liked everything I ate. The sushi was completely average but what do you expect for the $10 including my diet Pepsi? I've had a lot worse sushi and paid a lot more for it. I left there surprising satisfied and I would go again.
4	This place was at the very top of my favorite Chinese Buffets List until today.  After raving it up on here & to Mike C., he joined me to have lunch there today.  After a strictly 5-Star experience last time, it was like THIS this time:     :-O*  We arrived by opening time at 11 AM, but the food just dribbled out to the serving area.  In fact, not everything was out yet when we left at almost 12!  The food should have all been out BEFORE 11!*  The Hibachi (aka Mongolian) BBQ items were out, but when I handed my plate in to have everything cooked, the guy had to START the grill, & I stood there for at least 10 minutes waiting for him to cook my food!  The grill should have been up to temperature BEFORE 11!*  For dessert, Mike took a piece of cake that should have been room temperature, & it was FROZEN SOLID!*  I opted for ice cream for dessert.  They keep 8 flavors of real ice cream, which is great, but it was FROZEN ROCK SOLID & almost impossible to serve!This is WAY not the way to operated a buffet restaurant!  The only thing keeping me from taking away more than one Star is that the restaurant setup itself & the general atmosphere is excellent, & the food is mostly sensational, once you can successfully GET IT & EAT IT!Until this place gets their act together, it drops off my Top 10 Favorite Chinese Buffets list, while it's properly managed older sibling in Chandler replaces it at top spot.Lunch Buffet $8.38/$7.54 Sr.
5	well this one beats the other one in Chandler they have a few more trays and a nicer atmosphere. Everything I ate was real good from the creamy clam chowder to the desserts.This is my new favorite Chinese buffet in Arizona.A couple of things wrong were,my cake was still frozen and all the trays were not out at opening. They are new with new staff so I hope they iron out these problems quickly other than that it was a great buffet experience and I am going to put them on my top ten list for buffets.
5	This was my first visit to Pacific.  Went there yesterday Sun. Dec. 12 at lunch with some Canadian friends.  A previous review made me believe that we should get there earlier because of wait times.  Despite all efforts we arrived just after 12:00 and were ushered right in.  No wait times. So don't plan on waiting too much.  Of course the previous review had 50 people and we were only four.Staff was very efficient and friendly.The restaurant itself is new and nice and clean.  Colorful.  A brochue I picked up on the way out says there are 12 buffet tables.  While I didn't count them, I think that is a reasonable number and no two dishes were the same.  There were even escargo(snails) and frog legs.  Mongolian Bar B Q, sushi bar dim sum, All was there.  It's impossible to try to eat one of everything so don't even try.  Just be assured that all was very good.Prices, for seafood, was quite reasonable:Sat, Sun. and Holidays was $14.88 with seniors of 60 enjoying a 10 discountThere is a lunch buffet (no crab legs) for $8.38-Mon-ThursdayFrday after 4 until 10 is $14.88.This place is quite a find.  The previous reviewer couldn't have b een more accurate when he said "...worth the price."  Definitely worth the price!
5	Today was my third visit to this Pacific Seafood Buffet.  They seemed to have it all together on October 28th, just four days after they first opened,  but then eleven days later when I went back for a second visit, they were all disorganized with food not all out until way after opening, some items the wrong temperatures, & so on!  It was such a disappointment, & I cut them down to 4 Stars in my Update then, & they deserved worse.  Now, though, after a little over a month more, I'm thrilled to report that they've solved all the problems & everything was just terrific today!To start with, this is the largest Chinese Buffet in Arizona, based on the variety of food out.  (The next largest is their other excellent location of the same name, over in Chandler.)  Not only does Pacific here in Glendale have a lot of delicious things that I have never seen anywhere else at the hundreds of buffets in AZ, but they VARY what they serve too!!  To me, that's just nothing short of AMAZING, & I can all but guarantee you will find food here that you've never seen before anyplace else!!  The flavors of each dish were tops too, everything was fixed just right, the temperatures were right, the service was great, the place is beautiful, & the prices reasonable.  I say this one really has it all!     :-))Lunch Buffet $8.38/$7.54 Sr.
5	I'm a bit of a germ-a-fob so you wont usually find me at buffets very often but I had to try this place after our waitress (while dinning at a fine dinning sea food restaurant) recommended we try Pacific Seafood Buffet.  She was the BEST waitress we've had in a super long time and extremely honest with us when we asked her where she eats seafood and she said, "Pacific ~ but please don't tell anyone"..  If you're looking for a great Asian style seafood buffet, this place is it! It's not Rio's Seafood Buffet in Las Vegas, but give this place a shot and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised with the quality of food, variety and freshness this place has to offer especially in Phoenix AZ!I actually like this buffet better than the Rio.  It's got as good of a selection of food and it's half the price.  Albeit the decor isn't as nice, but I would trade a nicely decorated place for better food any day. The quality of the food is slightly better at the Rio, however it's not twice the price better, and we don't have to go all the way to Las Vegas to eat at a great seafood buffet ~ it's in our own back yard!This place has got you covered with a little bit of Chinese, Thai, Korean, Mongolian BBQ, dim sum, and a generous and decent sashimi/sushi bar. For dinner and lunch you'll find a huge selection of freshly cooked food to choose from like snow crab, sea bass, mussels, oysters, many different kinds of shrimp, Peking duck, escargot and so much more.Since this place is still fairly new, you don't have to wait in the long lines. The servers are quite attentive, they will take plates almost as soon as you are done with it and I never quite saw the bottom of my glass.This is a great place to go when we are thinking about eating seafood, sushi and/or Chinese. I'd technically rather give this place a 4.5 stars, but this place deserves better than a 4, so I'm going with a 5 star.
3	Chicken feet prepared 2 ways, frog legs, escargot......Pacific Seafood Buffet does it all.   I did not try them.  Huge variety of Asian and Asian-inspired food from Japan, China, Korea, and other cultures.  Hits: Chinese spare ribs, sesame balls, orange chicken, steamed pot stickers.  Misses: shrimp on a stick (very odd taste - I suppose they are supposed to taste that way but it's not for me!,) Korean short ribs (too dry/chewy, baked salmon (overdone/dry), maguro sashimi (cut thick and maybe not from the best grade tuna),   I give it 4 stars for the wide variety of food choices - there is something for everyone!  I give it 2.5 stars for the food.   The sushi/sashimi table (not the food) rates 5 stars - it's an amazing carved giant boat.  So overall 3 stars. Lots of people but wait staff handled them very well.  There is also a teppan room to the side.
2	Yet another Chinese run seafood buffet.And the usual large crowd, reasonably cooked (but clearly mass produced) foods, and the abundant choices.  The two-star rating is really for all of this kind of restaurants.  I would probably never volunteer to come, but wouldn't object them either.
2	OK so what did I think of this place. Well first off after reading these reviews I thought, doesn't sound so bad, so what the hell. So tonight my partner and I went there for dinner!OK this place says its a Seafood Buffet, someone says its like the Rio SeaFood Buffeet  in Vegas, HARDLY! The Rio is in a completely different and A LOT better.This place is hugh, and if you do not get there by 6pm forget finding a placeto sit  its packed. The food was just OK, when you walk in you see this very large boat serving center, that is where the Sushi is at, nice selection for a buffet, but then again not the best,They have a section that is like a BBQ area where you pick what you want, and the cooks will cook it for you, a nice selection. They have a meat section its OK, the beek is over cooked, as well as the chicken. They have the same selection of the chinese buffet as any other Chinese Buffet in PHX, in fact there are better places.There is a lady who brings the food as well as broadcast to the cooks in the back what is needed, the speakers are so loud in the kitchen that it sounded like a train station anouncements in a chinese train station, This same lady "bumped" into my many times while she was bring out the new food, I understand that she is in a rush, but when there are people in front of me who is overwhelemed by the selection of food I have no place to go, The atmosphere is nice, very airy but very loud, when you have a large gruop of people trying to talk to each other, it gets very loud. The wait staff need help, they take forever to clean away dirty plate and to get refils of your drinks.So, lets talk about price....  Total for 2 adults with drinks (non alcholoic) was $39. WOW, I couldn't beleive that price. Yes, they serve alcholoic drinks, that is a nice part I saw.Over all, we wont go back to it, for that pice, I would rather eat some place else. Save youself from this pace and go some place else.
4	Pacific Buffet is a SEAFOOD ORGASM restaurant. I was very surprised with the choices of authentic food from escargot to frogs legs but not my favorite. They do offer variety of Chinese dishes in the buffet line and a salad bar. The sushi bar is awesome, it shaped like a boat. Bring a hungry stomach because you can get full fast by just eating sushi. The price is a little up there but it's worth it for a special occasion. The crab legs tray gets empty fast by hungry patrons but it gets replenished quickly. Make sure to try the Hibachi grill. You can pick and choose fresh ingredients and the chef will cook it in front of you. If you want to try something new or just wanting eat to all you can eat crab legs. This is the place to go.
4	They had crab legs, sushi, longan, escargot and frog legs!!!  It don't get any more hardcore than that!
4	This was my first visit to this super buffet. Rand H, Mike C. and I went down to enjoy a meal. As usual by the wisdom of Rand H. we arrived at about 11AM ready to eat. The first thing you see to your left as the hostess showed us to our table was an IMPRESSIVE SUSHI BAR! I went straight for the sushi and everything I put on my plate was great. I then started at the rest. It was nice and clean and the help was friendly.The only reason It did not get five stars was because it rests in the shadows of the amazing buffets that I have recently enjoyed with my usual crew. Try it for yourself and tell us what you think!
4	I come up here fairly often, & you just never know what you're going to get with this place!  On the plus side, this ties for the largest buffet in Arizona (162 food choices last visit, plus sauces & dressings), & the food is great overall.  Wow!  5 Stars so far...The problem here at this Pacific Seafood (operated by the sister of the fellow who runs the one in Chandler) is her management.  It has just been weak over the course of my 5 visits so far.  Yesterday was somewhat of a repeat of my visit time before last.  It was about 40 minutes after opening time before they had all of the food out!  Here's an idea:  Have ALL the food out before 11 AM when you open!!!  (Yes, I've spoken to her.)Last time, they had adjusted the temperature of the ice cream freezer so that you could scoop out the ice cream.  This time it was back to rock hard!  It's a shame that this beautiful restaurant with their vast array of food can't keep their act together from day to day.  Meanwhile, it's a terrific place to eat...  SOMETIMES!  Lunch Buffet:  $8.88/$8.00 Sr.
4	I am definately a fan. I have gone for both lunch and dinner .....the sushi bar alone makes it worth the trip. The place is clean and everyone is helpful and friendly.  Besides the sushi bar they have an abundant amount of selections including a vraiety of ethnic Chinese dishes in the buffet area. There is a salad bar and lots of desserts.....A MUST TRY! Bring your appetite cause you will EAT!!!!
4	Only went once, but it was great. The food was really good and it has a nice atmosphere.
3	My husband and I went to check this new seafood buffet out and weren't too impressed. I thought we would have a lot more seafood options, but ended up being more Chinese, Korean and sushi. There were only 2 fish dishes offered, although a lot of shrimp dishes. There was also snow crab legs which were somewhat little, but nevertheless, all you can eat. The sushi bar was good, but not too many options there either. They have a stir fry bar as well which my husband liked. Overall, the food was good, but I don't think it was worth the money of $16 a person. The service was great and the buffet was clean and refilled often.
4	I'm so glad they finally open this 2nd location in AZ.I'm a fan of seafood buffet. I love walking into a restaurant and have access to your food right away and taking your time eating, that is until they bring out the fortune cookies.I only look for the following at a buffet --  crab legs, crawfishes, sushis, frog legs, and stir-fry mushrooms/green beans. and this place HAS IT ALL!! They also have a nice grill area for those who like to have their vege and meat grilled.Gotta try their Green Tea Ice Cream too!! It's great for dessert afterward
3	There is nothing seafood buffet about this Chinese restaurant.
4	I am no buffet raider by any means, but from time to time, I may have an itch to go to one.If you roll up on a prime evening such as Sunday or Saturday, you will most likely wait.  This is not new information here, just a norm around these Asian buffets.Based on my two experiences, thus far, Asians seem to be the primary demographic here, but that should not deter you from having a decent buffet dinner.The nice, tiled lobby holds around 20 seats if you do end up waiting.  Once your name is called, the host takes you to your determined table and let the feast begin.The sushi bar offers a small variety of sushi and other fresh salads that is mediocre at best. The rest of buffet offers a plethora of different things that you see often at just about every place.  I cannot highlight one or two things that just pops, it truly is nothing out of the ordinary.In comparison to other Asian buffets in this part of town, I would feel confident in making this my go-to.
2	I wouldn't really call this place a seafood buffet; it's really a Chinese food buffet with a few more seafood offerings... unfortunately, good seafood is not really well suited to sitting on a steam table for an hour or so.  I found the shellfish tough and overcooked as were the crab dishes and crab legs.  It appeared most people come for the crab legs which, upon arrival at the steam table, were set upon and consumed like flies attacking a fresh roadkill.  The sushi bar was OK, but not really exceptional.  I really enjoy good seafood so I was very disappointed that this place did not live up to it's name.
5	here's a tip for you guys...they DO take reservations!!!  i don't know why a lot of people don't call ahead of time, specially on weekends when the wait can go as long as 2 hours.  for a little over $13 for dinner (does not include drinks) it's all you can eat chinese & japanese cuisine.  they have a wide variety of sushi/sashimi to choose from. they have a good selection of bbq'd/grilled meats and seafood.  they even have a stir fry section where you get to choose the ingredients (vegies, shrimp, chicken, beef, noodles) and they cook it for you.  they also have crab legs, prime rib, crawfish, frog legs, dim sum, etc. they also have a very good dessert selection which includes an ice cream bar and a fruit bar.  for kids they have chicken wings, fried shrimp and french fries just to name a few.i've been there quiet a few times since they opened last October and never had any problems with service and the place is clean.  for the price, you really can't beat it!
4	Awesome.  I was a bit skeptical, but the food was delicious, fresh and hot.  The crab legs were great, unfortunately, they never had enough out and people where waiting by the crab dish like they were starving.  They have a great selection of food.
5	A little bit on the expensive side for asian buffet, but the food was amazing. All the food was fresh and hot. Quite a large selection of sushi and grilled items. My favorite buffet so far
4	Sweet Tomatoes is about the only buffet I can enjoy anymore. All the others have put a fear into me for one reason or another. However, I was compelled to try Pacific Seafood. It sounded so coastal even though I knew it would largely be a Chinese buffet with the usual lo mein and beef and broccoli cooked in 40 weight oil. These dishes were there, however, the sushi was very good for a buffet and had a decent selection. Nothing beats a good sushi bar with it being made right there to order but this wasn't bad. The grilled items were very good also. Pork chops, bbq ribs, and grilled zucchini. The crab legs looked good but never had a chance to try them. As soon as they filled the empty vat, Somebody who obviously felt they were more important and deserving than everyone else would walk off with most of them and the person behind him scrounged what was left. Maybe next time. Desert was good-real ice cream and a selection of cakes and cookies. Our server was very attentive also. Maybe it's just me, but it seems that at buffet restaurants, the servers either fall over each other trying to serve your every need or they all but ignore you. This day, it was good.  In the buffet category, I give 4 stars.
3	I agree with other reviewers that this restaurant is more of a Chinese food buffet than a seafood buffet.  I liked the food well enough (you can't go wrong with deep-fried shrimp!).  I've had better, but overall I enjoyed my meal, I'd go back. The desert choices were rather pathetic, but I don't go to buffets to eat desert.
5	Yay! Now I don't have to go all the way down to Chandler for Pacific Seafood! I'm a little late with this review....but let me tell you, I was ecstatic when I drove by on Bell and saw the "Opening Soon" sign on the building. I loved the Chandler location, but hated making the trek!Glendale Pac Seafood has everything the Chandler one does, except this one is nicer, newer, and super clean! Be careful on going on Friday evenings...this place gets packed, so I'd recommend getting take-out if you're just wanting to grab a quick meal.
3	My boyfriend loves buffets so here we are. We came here right after they opened and the food was ok then. Actually it was better then because in the time they have been open they have raised their prices & when we went tonight we paid over $15.00 per adult and that didn't include a drink. Buffets are cheap to feed the kids when they are with us & they get a variety of food. If you're a big fan of crab legs & some of the other "fancy" things they have I suppose it's worth the money. I on the other had preferred sushi at a restaurant not a buffet so I stick to the simple items that are just as good at a place that charges $8.99. Don't get me wrong, the food is good it's just overpriced in my opinion. The restaurant itself is very nice & clean and they do have a variety of food to choose from. I wish they had some coupons that would make me feel better about dining here again!
4	Nice buffet with plenty of choices to include a chef to prepare your raw noodles.  They also include a fresh sushi bar.  The place is usually packed for dinner.  I paid about $45.00 for two adults and one child.  Their seafood selection is pretty good.
5	I wished I lived here so I could eat here more often... *looks at size of belly*... Maybe its a good thing I dont live near this place. Awesome Awesome food... Service is meh. But thats ok, the food is so unreal and the selection is great!
5	DAMN! this place has everything, sushi, pork, chicken, beef, soups, shrimp, fruit, Ice cream even pizza. OK this is the kind of place that is dangerous for a big man trying to downsize. I almost went and found the manager to have him bar me from this place! It's just too tempting! It's like one of the really good seafood buffets in Vegas. I saw no down side to this place. Me and a friend had lunch and it came to $24.00 for two, I could have easily ate that in shrimp and ribs alone. Man I'm getting hungry just typing this. If you like a good, clean and plentiful buffet this is the place. Damn they are good!
4	I've tried many Asian buffet places but this is by far the best I have ever been to. The service is very attentive and I like that the cooks go out to the floor often to check on the quantity and quality of the selection. My favorite is the barbecue pork that has just the right amount of carmelized glaze char that is indicative of being fresh off the grill. Free Wifi and all you can eat Chinese food?!?! ZOMG! My only complaint is the price but I have to tell you the food is definitely worth it.
2	Did not like it what so ever. I had to go because of my friends. I'm allergic to shell fish by the way. All there non seafood food sucked. I use to enjoy comming here for their kbbq. But the last time I went here, there kbbq were hard as rocks. The sushi wasn't great either. However, my friends love their seafood. Crab goes by quick so wait in line.
4	Our favorite place - so many great dishes to choose from and we especially like the plentiful array of vegies, fruits and fish.
5	This is the best buffet in Az. HUGE variety from veggie dishes, fish, shrimp, mussels, and even sushi. The quality of food is very good too. One thing I have learned is when looking for good Asian food, look inside! This place is always full of beautiful asian folks so you know its good. Just sayin'. For a buffett, they have a really nice staff. There is a shrimp dish with a sweet cream sauce that is amazing. It is more pricey than most asian buffets but well worth the extra few bucks. I eat here at least once every couple weeks.
3	Pretty great place for wonderful asian bbq/grilled meats including cha siu, korean short ribs, roasted duck, teriyaki chicken, pork chop.  Typical chinese fare includes beef and broccoli, fried rice, chow mein, sweet and sour pork, pot stickers, sweet and sour fish, steamed crab legs, salt and pepper crab legs, steamed clams, etc.  Japanese fare includes sushi, sashimi, tempura, etc.  Salad bar, ice cream bar (orange sherbert was the best), and dessert bar (yuck) also available.  About $25/person includes tip.Other important info:  Ample parking, long waits/lines, great array of foods, asian bbq was great, dessert was gross, floors are slick (either wet or greasy, or both).
2	As with ALL buffets, they start out good, then slip into meh, or worse.   The first time we tried this place it was nice.  (Buffets are never great, its the nature of doing cafeteria style food)The selections this time were just as vast as the first time we tried them, but alas, the quality is so hit-n-miss that I must pass on this place in the future.  Not only was the food ranging the scale from good to gross across the various dishes, it was also doing so on the same dish.  My first trip through the line I got pot stickers and some really nice sole, after several minutes I returned to finish off with the stuff I knew was good and in just that time, the food quality dropped to... yuck!At $20 a plate, I don't expect it to be Roy's Hawaiian Fusion, (Check that out sometime) but I do expect to be able to get through a meal without wanting to vomit.  (Yes, some things just about got me to that point.)Look, I love to experiment with food, nothing scares me, but I do require that if you are going to present me with something new and unusual, you prepare it in the proper way to highlight the ingredient.  Epic fail on many of the dishes here.  Oh and I forgot to mention the sushi that was made from fish so old that it should not have been used for any kind of dish.  I have had pre-packaged stuff from the grocery store that was not as fishy tasting. All in all, I'll spend another $20 a plate and get something awesome.
3	Pretty much standard Chinese buffet with some additional seafood items.  When I was there they had chicken feet which I felt obligated to try.  Not a good move.  I'm pretty sure they had frog legs too.  So if you're looking for some extra adventurous food, that's been sitting under a heat lamp for awhile you should check this place out.  The Chinese food stand-bys are all represented and aren't bad, didn't try the sushi either but it looked about like what it was supposed to.  Good service and decent food.  A-OK in my book.
4	I was ecstatic to learn that there was a Pacific Seafood much closer to me than the one I had gone to two times at the Chandler location.  I was quite impressed when Ifrequented the Pacific Seafood buffet at THAT location.  The variety of items offered was ENORMOUS!!  I would rank the Pacific Seafood buffet well above your average Asian buffet.  My only complaint that the food on the steam tables, for the most part, was just lukewarm.  A comment to our waiter elicited a prompt response from the restaurant manager.  She stated that the steam tables were kept at the required (by Maricopa county) temperature and that the circulating air in the restaurant cooled the food down AFTER it was placed upon our plates.  I told her I only walked about 20 feet with my filled plate - so that didn't seem like a reasonable excuse for the temperature of the food not being hot.  The tempura vegetables probably were the most cool thing I had on my plate.  My companion stated that most all of the food that she had gotten was lukewarm, also.  Food temperature, notwithstanding, I will still go back there again since its only about half the distance for me to drive in comparison with going to the Chandler location and I did enjoy the wide variety of dishes offered.
5	Pricey, but that's because of the great food selection they have there.  It's well worth the price IMO, plus it's clean, the food rotates because it's popular, and I've not heard of one person getting sick from eating here.
1	My husband and I ate here once and that was too much!We went in for dinner the prices were very high for a buffet and drink was not included.I was disappointed at the selection , lots of fish but not a lot of other meat dishes.My husband loves sushi and it was OK, the fish he ate was dry.I tried beef & broccoli very simple dish yet had no flavor and the meat texture was like rubber.The service as OK the waiters seemed like they hated their job and didn't want to be there. For a place that charges almost 20 bucks a person you expect it to be great but what a let down it was.Overall I would of saved a bunch of money and eaten elsewhere.
3	Fist time here - it's a buffet so keep that in mind.  Food was OK if you can get past the filthy bathrooms and food on the floor near the buffet area.  The utensils were being shared between dishes (one soup ladel for 3 different soups).  The napkins that are used to wrap the utensils were like tissues so thankfully they give  you more when you sit down.   Good variety of food but could be cleaner which made me worry of getting food poisening.  One great deal is the crab legs  - it made it worth the cost.  Expect large families with screaming kids and a crowd that is less than 2 stars when it comes to eating and manners.
5	You're seated by a friendly hostess who explains the enormous selections and various stations, promptly greeted by a waiter who takes your drink order and send you off to buffet heaven.Even though we arrived an hour and 1/2 before closing, everything was fresh and if anything was missing, they would cook it to order. We couldn't believe the offerings set before us! 4 full buffet stations, a sushi station, a stir-fry station, a BBQ station, a dessert station, & an ice cream station. Every 15 minutes, fresh king crab legs appeared! Oh, we all tried so many different things we have never seen before and loved every one. The waitstaff is highly attentive and courteous and tended to our every need. Our drinks never reached empty.Definitely try this place if you get a chance! Saturday lunch is a special price - almost half-price!
4	You must come here on Saturday mornings to get the $10 special price.  Then it is most certainly a worthwhile experience.  The hot food here is delicious.  There are plenty of exotic delicacies like crab legs.  And all the basics are here too.  There are also some standouts: pineapple rice which is served in an actual pineapple.  If you see it you MUST try it.  It is the perfect balance of saltiness and sweetness.  Also, the korean glass noodles are fabulous.  And the barbecue station never disappoints.  There is more than enough variety to make everyone happy.  The sushi and dessert selection is so so, and it gets a star off for that.  But the green tea ice cream can usually save the day.  The staff is always super friendly and you can definitely come here with a group and have a great time.
4	Visited today. A friend told us about the place and we were not disappointed! My dad loves to try and have us try foods made/from around the world. You can have your traditional Chinese and other Pacific region food. We went during the lunch special (which was $10.99) on a Saturday (that's a good weekend price). We do eat at Crazy Buffet (at Priest/Elliot) and their all day/night price is $11.99 (with crab legs) and no drink. I'm glad that there is a restaurant that serves food that I would have never have thought of eating. It was a cultural experience that I will go back to again and again.
4	Soursdey ya'll!Pacific actually started in Chandler and I'm very to happy that they added another one here on the west side! Never have to wait too long here. Plenty of room and great variety of Asian cuisine. Pretty good sushi bar with tempura veggies, various sushi rolls, and a platter of sushi "accessories" such as pineapple salmon salad. The rolls are made fresh in front of ya. They also have a Mongolian grill, also hot and fresh after you assemble what you want. King crab on the weekend is a must. They seriously have a variety of food...from es cargo to frog legs to dim sum items. Along with a variety of desserts, they even have green tea ice cream! Haven't seen green tea cream at any other buffet here in AZ.  Oh, and you scoop your ice cream the "Thrifty" way from the tub...which I prefer than the Micky D's way. Anyways, come with a big appetite and enjoy!
1	This was really really bad, from the amount of food left behind on the plates of other guests I should've known.I'm leaving here and I'm still hungry, probably have to grab a burger somewhere.Im very picky, ill admit that, my wife is not, she'll eat anything, and this was the first time I've seen her leave so much food on the plate.
3	Very good good...as far as buffet style goes. Tried just about everything. Dessert is a little off and many are frozen...however the rest of the food was fresh. Service was slow and the bathrooms need a bit of attention...but it is a Friday night. This will not put me off from coming here again.
3	Peoria and Phoenix both seem to lack all-you-can-eat sushi places. After going to college in Tucson, where there were all-you-can-eat sushi restaurants galore, I felt really deprived moving back to Peoria. This is the closest thing I could find on the northwest part of the valley. Yes, as my friend once complained, it does smell like fish when you walk into the restaurant, but that's to be expected. It's an Asian seafood buffet! I think I have been here about 4-5 times, and I still haven't gotten sick yet. I'll be honest. There's been days where the sashimi has been really fresh like around 5pm today (a Sunday), but during the weekdays, there has been times when it hasn't been as fresh. It's just a gamble I guess, but I feel like it's best to come on a Sunday now. They seems to switch the variety of sushi rolls too each time I've been there.Today, since it was Sunday, there was a lot of variety of cooked food too. There was stuffed crab, roasted duck, stuffed shrimp, roast beef, and crab legs. They had steak that could be cooked upon ordering. There was also a variety of Korean, Chinese and Japaneses noodles as well as some Dim Sum favorites. My dad ate mussels and fried frog legs if you can believe it. The mussels I understand, but I was pretty surprised they had fried frog legs. Disclaimer: my family will eat almost anything and everything - I guess one could call us "taste adventurers." The variety of desserts was okay. They had carrot cake squares, bland flan, and bread pudding. They always carry green tea ice cream, which is pretty good. I'm praising the variety of food as you can tell. I'm not praising how amazing the food is. The food is overall just good for what it's worth. It cost about $55 for the three of us: my dad, my husband, and I to stuff our faces and go into food comas. Usually, that's how much my husband and I spend on 5-6 specialty rolls at a regular sushi bar.
3	Not really thinking highly of buffets already, I didn't go into this place expecting fine dining. It was just a place where the family could get together and everyone could get something they liked. Not being from around here, I was up for trying something different. The buffet seemed small, but had plenty of variety. I was surprised by the variety of sashimi they had to offer, not just tuna and salmon. They had creative rolls that were decent. SKIP THE RAW OYSTERS! I didn't touch the king crab, but people were walking away with towering crab legs on their plate. The crawdads were good. The rest of the buffet was the usual salad island, fried rice/stir fry noodles, stir fried veggies station. Then they had a variety of soups. I just want to hurry to dessert so I could get some ice cream. They had a good range of flavors, even green tea. It's nice that the bar has a tv so you could watch sports. This place is worth coming back to, but I'll see what else the desert has to offer.
2	So so. I guess. The food really wasn't that great. Plus, some little kid coughed right on me.
3	The price is higher here than at other buffets in the area, but it is also a step up in quality and variety. Sushi is decent, not a huge selection, but more than California and Philadelphia rolls. It seems reasonably fresh; there is a sushi chef working behind the line, though of course, the quality is not as good as a dedicated sushi restaurant. Food turnover seems high, as the place is always busy. The hot food is slightly better than typical buffet food, nothing stands out, but nothing is so bad that it bears mentioning. Desserts are terrible, as usual, but that's not surprising.
3	Came here for dinner for the first time last night.  It's a bit expensive ($40 for two) but has a good variety and everything tastes good.  The frog legs were excellent and they have really good soups.  Table drink service was excellent.  It's worth the trip if you don't mind the cost.
4	Each week a different family member gets to pick where to eat after church. My daughter's (6yo) pick this week was Pacific Seafood Buffet, she loves any buffet but this one has left an impression on her for some reason. We have been there a few times before and they always have fresh Asian buffet style food. I like the Sushi... while it is your normal American style rolls, the chef will take special requests if you ask. They also have a few unique items that rotate at different times... and allow you to experiment.A tip... go for a early dinner or late lunch, esp if you like things like the Crab Legs (Snow), as those things tend to go fast when the place is full (always been full when I go for dinner). And a side note - I hate it when one person takes like 20 legs full plate...and leaves none for anyone else....but oh well.
3	So I came here because a friend wanted to try it out. This is your typical all you can eat low quality Chinese junk food. Obviously, this is more catered for people that are trying to win the "who has the shortest lifespan" competition. The meat quality is horrible. I could tell these meats were frozen for a long time- I'd say at LEAST a month (bought in bulk). I've been dragged to a few variations of these cheap Chinese buffets and feel like they all order from the same food supplier somewhere in China I bet. I highly recommend this place if you are really hung over from last night and need to gorge yourself out or just ran an ultra-marathon and want to replenish your body with oil and grease. +1 because the waiters there are very very very hard workers. Oh, I'll pay you 5 bucks to eat their sashimi.
3	At first I thought oOoh sushi and seafood buffet! Yay to all you can eat sushi and seafood for the cheap price of $15.88 ....then when I went to get my food - I took a look at the sushi station - hmMmM  it's a Wednesday night and not very busy...those rolls and sashimi looks like they've been out on the plate for a while.....ehhh maybe it won't be too bad....so I decided to get just a few salmon and mackeral sashimi and one - what looks like a yellowtail handroll.However, they have a pretty good selection of other foods - the seafood section had crawfish, king crab legs, fried crab, shrimp, periwinkle, scallop salad on the shell and cooked salmon....I tried a little of each and besides the periwinkle, the other is pretty good. The sushi/sashimi I had, however was not so good -- the salmon sashimi was warm, so was the mackeral sashimi, and the one hand roll I had was not really edible - it was chewy and I was a bit afraid to eat the fish cause it didn't seem so fresh after all. So I steered clear of the raw stuff - especially when it's not a busy lunch/dinner time and when it looks like they have been sitting there for awhile - I think the problem was that they didn't put ice underneath the plates that served the sashimi and the lights above it really warmed it up. The other food sections they had were meats - bbq pork, short ribs (good taste but chewy), roasted duck, sausages, korean bbq ribs, teriyaki chicken and some grilled octopus and zucchini. and some other food sections you'll see normally at this type of Asian buffet. As I walked around I noticed that they had a whole fridge of Dryers Ice Cream - 6 different flavors of ice cream...not that soft frozen yogurt stuff they have at most buffets...now I was looking forward to dessert! hehe The dessert section was fancy too - they had chocolate cake, strawberry cake, flan, angel cake and cookies but none tickled my taste buds like the cookies n cream and mint chocolate chip ice cream I had. ;) Overall this place was, to my surprise, not bad at all.....for $16 bucks I had a pretty satisfying meal. the service was nice - gave me a refill on my drink before I even finished my first one...and was quick to clear out the plates.
4	It's been nearly a year since my last Update of Pacific here, so I stopped in for the Lunch Buffet today, joined by Scott W. & Norm R.  My report this time is just about identical to the last one.  Here we have the largest Buffet in Arizona (along with it's twin in Chandler), featuring 162 main food items.  There's a BIG Sushi "boat", lots & lots of tasty meat & seafood dishes of all different kinds, excellent Mongolian BBQ, & so on; an awesome array of food!The only thing bringing this one down to 4 Stars rather than the 5 the Chandler location earns is the same small management slips as reported before...  not all of the food out until well after opening time, & again, that half-frozen Strawberry Cake that should be served at room temperature!  It's a shame they don't run a tighter ship here, because this place really is special overall, & our table service from "Carla" was just right.It's a HIGH 4 STARS for this excellent, "Almost as good as it gets" Buffet where it's FUN to eat!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet still $9.39/$8.45 Sr.
4	Decent buffet I think it was $10 at lunch when we went.  They had a decent selection of hot foot and sushi type rolls. I'd go back for sure!
2	Let me preface this review by stating that "World Buffet" (it's just a few miles south of this restaurant) is a better option than Pacific Seafood Buffet.From the hostess that doesn't look you in the eyes when speaking to the illiterate staff, the service is mediocre.  For almost $17/ person on a Sunday afternoon, the selection doesn't vary that much from what you get at World Buffet for around $10/ person.The sushi was a bit disappointing as it lacked options with yellowfin tuna, and the crab legs and crawfish were somewhat overcooked.  Some items were also on the room-temperature side.  The Korean BBQ beef ribs were my favorite thing there.  They also offer a Mongolian BBQ area, some items that you'd find at Panda Express, soups, a dessert area, and some tubs of ice cream (including a Green Tea flavor!).  So, again, I suggest sticking with World Buffet as that is what I'll be doing for now on.
4	Of the non-casino buffets in the Valley, this one is my current favorite. It is big and spacious, and the quality and variety of the food is very good. While I can go on about how well-prepared the seafood, poultry, and vegetable dishes are, one thing that stood out for me is that they offer grilled fish - which I really love and which I don't recall seeing in any of the Valley buffets. The sushi, while not on par with those in sushi restaurants, is quite good nevertheless. As with most super buffets, there is a really wide variety of offerings, so I know that I will be making several visits here to be able to try all. And even after having done that, repeat visits will follow;  the quality of the dishes ensures that.
3	Bordering on 3.5.  It's all you can eat sushi and seafood for $16.The sushi was bland and dry.  The crab legs and cocktail shrimp were the best things here. They also have fried crab, fried shrimp, scallop on the shell, cooked salmon/white fish, bbq pork, short ribs, roasted duck, sausage, Korean bbq ribs, teriyaki chicken and grilled octopus.For dessert, they had 6 different flavors of ice cream, chocolate cake, strawberry cake, flan, angel cake and cookies -- all mediocre. This place is fine for the price and selection, but I doubt you're coming here for quality.  Next time, spandex pants.
5	crab legs were very good and service was friendly and the buffet was always stocked full of good things
5	hands down the best chinese seafood buffet - salt and pepper shrimp and kalbi short ribs
4	Been to pacific a few times and have good experiences here. Nothing too fancy but very clean and tasty food for a buffet. I've come for lunch and dinner several times. The last time I came was for lunch and was a very good deal, 20% off from 2-4, and had a great lunch! Bonus that there is a sushi chef that will take orders if you ask Nicely and a Mongolian grill too. Sushi wasn't bad, but they do use cheap Imitation crab meat, but the fish on it is actually good. I always order Rainbow and caterpillar roll both are tasty. Not 5 star on sushi but I'm thinking a solid 3. I've had better and I've had worse. But great for a seafood buffet!!Anyways from what I remember for dinner they have snow crab legs and a bit more fish. I had such a good lunch I will probably be back for lunch only for now on.
5	Ah, Pacific Seafood here was in top form today when I was joined for lunch by Scott W., Norm R. & Mike C.  They were now up to 178 items now, plus sauces & dressings.  They already had the largest Buffet selection in Arizona, but now even more so.  All the food I had room to try was delicious, the service & price were right, and I think this and its twin in Chandler are the best Oriental Buffets in Arizona!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $9.39/$8.45 Sr.
4	For Asian style buffet, Pacific is as good as it gets here in Arizona. I went for lunch at $9.38 (served until 4pm) and didn't even get to sample everything. I think I only made it through two of the buffet tables and everything I tried was delicious. They even have a sushi table, rolled fresh right before your eyes. To add to the great food was a clean and quiet environment. The lighting added more of a fine dining experience instead of a cafeteria feeling you would get with most other buffets. Plus, separate rooms and booths to make you feel a little more cozy and private. I will definitely be going back. Great place.
1	Not impressive at all and most of the food was either flavorless or overcooked. Way too overpriced.
4	Definitely one of the better buffets in the valley and possibly THE best on the West side.  I've been here twice now for lunch with Rand, Norm and Mike.  The food and service have always been good.  Because they have so many items, several go off the beaten path in entrees and desserts which means everybody should find something they like.
4	All you can eat buffet!  What a great place.  Roomy seating that is clean and comfortable.  Really went tonight for the crab legs and was not disappointed.  The crab legs were meaty and tasted fresh.  The rest of the Chinese buffet food was plentiful and tasted very good.  The wait staff served with a smile.The only reason I am giving four stars instead of five is that the egg drop soup tasted a little funky and the wait staff were just a little slow removing the dirty plates from our table.A great experience and I look forward to many more visits.Adult Dinner 15.88 w/o tax.
5	One of the best seafood buffet places I have been. They have good selection and of course very tasty food! Its an excellent place to go with friends and family! Thank you very much for great service!
3	We were looking for a buffet with crab legs and this place fit the bill.It is a little far from home and we took the risk. I have not been to many Chinese buffets lately so I thought this place was a little pricier, at about $16 per person (weekday price), not including drinks.I like trying new stuff so I was pleased with some of their dishes that I had never seen before in this kind of place (chicken feet, some sort of cow's stomach, escargot...)Right at the end I noticed some shrimp ceviche that turned out to be very good. Most of the dishes I didn't try but they had a big selection.I just wished they had the names for all the dishes, the sushi area didn't have them.We didn't try the ice cream either... I was not very impressed with the desserts but they had what seemed to be an orange cake that was very good.Also, they had these little disposable 1 oz containers whit what turned out to be like a shot of coffee flavored jello. That was interesting.. : )Overall it was OK. Not sure if we will be back, tough...
2	I'm a huge Chinese buffet fan.  Pacific Seafood Buffet runs somewhere in the middle of the pack.  Here's why:The sushi is probably the best part of the whole buffet.  It seems to be always fresh and I always see someone behind the counter prepping more.  I've never been disappointed at this station.  8 out of 10The rest of the buffet is hit and miss.  IF the food is fresh (and they have it prepared out), it's OK at best.  Some dishes are over-seasoned (too salty for my taste).  I tend to judge by the Orange Chicken.  Ususally, it's a hot selling dish and has to be prepared more often because it's constantly selling out.  On a scale of 1-10, I'd give it about a 6,  They also have a Mongolian Grill (again one of my favorite things normally) but it's kinda blah here.  Not enough seasoning choices for my tastes.  3 out of 10 stars for the grill.   Deserts I could care less about.  I don't go to a Chinese buffet for their desert cart.  If they have a little something to nibble on afterwards, fine.  If not, I'm OK with that too.  I really don't look for it.  Service here is hit and miss too.  After the hostess seats you, you have to wait for the server to order your drinks.  Sometimes this can take a while.  Also clearing of the table and refills (and getting your check) could take a bit too.  I'll give the service 5 out of 10 stars.  The place is also WAAAAY overpriced!  $18 for dinner??  I really don't care about price usually as long as the food and service is good.  Sorry guys but for that price this place has got to be much better for me to return.  I've been here a number of times.  I just don't go 1 time and write a review.  The food and service has gotten steadily worse with each visit.  I'm not returning anytime soon.
5	My favorite!!!  I do wonder how they would stay in business if every customer was like me though.  The sushi is always melt in your mouth fresh and everything else that Ive tried is good too.
2	This place is ok but not great for the price. I like the Mongolian but would like to pick out my own sauce though. The sushi is ok. I haven't had a roll there that has a good flavor. I like the different dishes on the buffet. I wish I could have tried some crab legs but its like Black Friday there. People are standing around and then they take them all. It is so rude. Then it takes forever to get another order out. They should bring orders to the tables so people don't go crazy and take them all. What really got me though was the dessert table. It was all Costco dessert. They didn't even take the cakes off the cheap plastic trays to make them look homemade. It just looked like a potluck where the families swung by the grocery store and picked out a cheap cake. For 15 dollars at least try to fool me. I won't be back.
2	Way overpriced Chinese buffet! Sorry I don't want chicken feet! Will not return. Staff was nice but $40+ for dinner with iced tea? Nah...
3	I was not a huge fan of this place. The food wasn't horrible or disgusting. The food tasted good. But the drink service was meager at best, the selection wasn't overly fantastic. I think I have been spoiled at the Vegas buffets. Certainly give this place a spin if you are in the area but don't make a trip specifically for it.
4	My brother and I came here for lunch a couple weeks ago, and we thought it was great! I'm not a big fan of buffets; but, my brother is and so he usually drags me with him. This is the first one I've been to that actually became a favorite! Very spacious with comfortable seating. Excellent service from our waiter. I wish I asked for his name. I never eat the sushi from buffets I go to, but this sushi was surprisingly tasty! All of the seafood was delicious, actually. I was more stuck on the chow mein and the variety of Asian food they served. It was a mix of goodies and we enjoyed all of it. ... and all of this for only $16! We will most definitely be back!
1	Just came back for Pacific Seafood Buffet for Lunch. My wife and I got sick after eating there. Some of the foods are old and not clean. So, we got sick. This is our last time.
2	Went here with my parents. It was very expensive for what they offer. Yes they offer crab legs and sushi etc... but the crab legs I had to stand in line forever for some because they keep them in the back so they don't have to re- fill them right away. They where always low on there clean dishes. For dessert they ran out of choclate syrup so I asked a worker and she ignored me like I was a bother to ask her. Then I had to get someone else to grab it. Over all I waited 9 minutes for choclate syrup. So I recommend this place if you like waiting for food, bad waitressing, and food that's not fresh!!
4	Favorite spot for some buffet seafood
5	This place probably is one of the best Chinese buffet in the valley. For the price of $16.99 per person, they offered a great variety of seafood. They probably have more stuff here than other places. The restaurant was clean and does not have an odor like in some of the other  Chinese places. Decoration is much nicer than other places.  Not salty like other Chinese restaurant.
2	I must start by saying I am a 22 year veteran of the restaurant business. I do not usually write a review without stating that fact. OK I get it it is a buffet.....Now what i KNOW. There was not 5 items on the buffet that met the temperature requirements of the health department. I think there were 5 soups so thats why I say 5 items. NOTHING else was....major health issue waiting to explode.
2	Meh!2nd time here...11.99 for a meal here is a joke. The food isn't that good, the waitresses are mediocre and dense. And the help in the back will knock you down if you are in the way when they are moving food  trays around. This one lady cook asst. kept running into me without saying excuse me. Not acknowledging I was there. The atmosphere is decent, except when you here the cooks in the back yelling out things over the speaker...I don't wanna hear that while eating. Ok, I'm from New Orleans and I've been in Arizona for 4 years....the food is just bland here
4	Compared to other Asian buffets, this place is pretty good. They have a nice selection of sushi and a very large selection of Asian dishes. Things may be a bit oily, especially the veggie dishes... but overall, the flavors are good for being an Asian buffet. They keep all their items well stocked. The desserts are standard buffet desserts - some likely purchased at some grocery store or something. The ice cream you scoop out yourself is yummy.
2	Never been a huge fan of buffets, but came here on the recommendation of the hotel we stayed at and because my parents really wanted some seafood.Run of the mill Asian buffet. If you've had any REAL Chinese food before, you'd know that this is on the lower end of the scale in terms of quality, and that it caters a bit more towards Western tastes (with the exception if the occasional oddball dim sum item). Fairly wide selection, but I ended up skipping over many of the fried things and steamed things because they looked as if they had been sitting there way too long. Sushi was meh - ended up skipping over the hand rolls after I saw cream cheese in them. One of the rolls had some strange spicy sauce on it that caught me by surprise and I ended up spitting it back out. Two stars just for service alone. Waitress was very nice and prompt with our drink orders, and very patient with the mess that the kids at a nearby table was making.Got sick after I came home so that should tell you about cleanliness (or lack thereof).
1	This establishment has 2 locations.  This was our first time at this one.  It seemed to be a nice place when we arrived.  Cleanliness was approx. 3 stars and the hostess was vey nice.  Once we were seated the horrible experience began.  It took the server forever to fulfill our beverage request. Keep in mind there were only a few families in the restaurant.  My husband chose a soft drink I opted for water.  The food was okay.  There was a large variety of items not generally at buffets this was a plus.About 10 minutes after we arrived our check was provided to us.  The server that was assigned to us had a terrible attitude.  She made sure to refill my husbands beverage  on several occasions.  My water was refilled once and I had to ask.  Her behavior disturbed me so much that I inquired with management about their protocol with the bill. I was advised the server was probably very busy and didn't realize her actions.  I was told don't worry about it just relax and enjoy dinner.  Although, it was evident that we needed assistance throughout the evening she consistently went out of her way to provide sub par service.When paying the bill her attitude was still foul.  I believe wholeheartedly in compensating individuals who serve others.  In this case I could not, which really bothered me. This goes against every fiber in my being.  The good thing is that we know not to every visit this restaurant again even if they were to provide dinner on the house.
4	Great food and way better than any other buffet.
5	I actually like this place, for right now anyways. We've been here twice and both times have had positive experiences. Pricey, but wide food selections and sushi was pretty fresh. We tried the Pacific in Chandler many times before and this one is way better! Don't know why people gave less stars when there are more positive factors than negatives. Well, as of this moment to my taste, I think they have good crab legs, hibachi, and sushi bar. They also have flan for desert and I love flan! Service was good, no complaints! Restroom was clean. We'll be back!
1	Not good. Id pay 16$ to NOT eat here again. We were stared down by the chef while getting food? The place was hot and muggy and smelled like a fart. There was a glass barrier above the ice cream that forces you to lean over the first row of ice cream to get to the second, making you breathe all over the ice cream! GROSS.The server and hostess were somewhat nice though.
4	Yummy yummy I got seafood in my tummy &  I'm not going to regurgitate it for you. Lol . It was good . Endless crab legs not snow or blue but still good . The stuffed scallops are great along with the stuffed crab. Hot & sour soup good compared to most. Coffee mouse was good.  Its hard to understand the waitresses. Ya know an Asian place is good when Asians are eating at it and you're a minority.
4	The best Chinese buffet I have found in town.  That being said, chinese buffets are not very healthy or high in quality in general.  When your looking for a self indulgent $10 chinese lunch; this is the place!
3	I like to come here on occasion to eat their crab and their salmon sashimi.  There are other items which aren't too bad either.  They have a wide array of chinese food, seafood, a Mongolian stir fry area, dessert and salads.  This is defeinitely one of the better buffets that I have been to.  Only thing I hate is how people hoard the crab.
4	Seafood a plenty. The quality is somewhat better than the other buffet joints. Big selection of oysters, mussels, shrimp, salmon, and crab legs. Also the usual buffet food. Small dessert bar as well, Great service will keep you coming back. Expect to spend about 20 a pop.
4	Better than average food for a buffet. Varies a little bit which is why I am not giving them five stars. Nice ambiance.
4	No Mas no mas, but Lord that was good!  Endless quantity of good variety, better than usuall local buffet quality food. Though Norm R who took me for my birthday thought they were having "an off night", it was the best buffet I've been to in Phoenix in some years, surpassed perhaps only by the casino buffet at I think Wild Horse Pass of a couple years ago.  Probably six variations on shrimp, attractive and tasty fresh made sushi/sashimi, unlimited crab legs (though I've never wanted to work that hard for that small quantity of meat!), salmon and at least 2 other whole fish offerings, a small "meat bar" where you chose your own small small steak or other and had it grilled to your specs, an absolutely perfect, mouth-wateringly juicy prime rib, numerous asian and veggie dishes of no particularly great distinction, but all well-made and satisfying.  Bonus points to the staff  who kept our water glasses full and plates promptly cleared throughout our stay, despite having a very full house to attend to.  At I believe roughly $20 each for adult evening dining, it wasn't as cheap as some asian buffets in the area, but the quantity, as in sheer number of offerings and quality was superior to most. Considering the servings are unlimited in portion and number, it's a bargain for big eaters, and  suffering from that bent to "get one's money's worth" at an all you can eat establishment, I would be one BIG eater if I ate there often, as were a number of the other customers at the well-filled establishment on the night we went. Note there are significantly less expensive prices for lunch, for children's dining, and a senior discount as well.  You can also find coupons for additional discounts on their web site.Avoid the temptation to try a little bit of everything - there's just too much!  But go hungry, eat heartily, and leave well-filled and satisfied, hopefully feeling as I did that "Lord, that was good!" Based on my experience: Highly recommend.
3	The food is slightly better quality than most buffet's, but the service isn't great. It's also quite expensive. There is a large selection of food.
4	Not bad for Chinese buffet style lunch. The sushi selection was better then the Avondale location but the lunch price was also higher. Overall good lunch- green tea ice cream is so awesome!
4	Simply put lunch was great... and a bargain... Trays were kept full and fresh... a woman watched the trays and radioed the kitchen what was needed,  Many items not normally seen on a buffet,,,    I even tried chicken feet,,,,,  also you should try the green tea ice cream.  I will be back anytime I am in the area!
1	I'm absolutely disgusted with this place.. Flies are all over, I'm swatting them as I type.. The food is cold ,no flavor, grossest items like chicken feet, cold crawdads, mushy  skinny watery crab legs, fish with eye balls,mushy squid , cold stretchy baby octopus .. I feel sick ...Not to mention this is an Asian place and our greeter at our table didn't speak a lick of English.. Since I have never been there before I needed to know how it works what it costs ect... She kept saying " you eat" omg
4	Argh! The secret is out. Do not even try to go on a weekend. It is packed! Even on a Friday there's a wait to be seated. My only complaint is there isn't enough actual food food my daughters like here. They think the fried rice is too spicy. But there are so many options. Yummy seafood!!!!! Try the seviche! I could eat ten plates of it. This joint made me like crab legs which I've never really dug. The sushi is ok. I haven't tried the hibachi grill yet. I like that you can order alcohol here too. I would suggest maybe adding some pie on the dessert menu.
3	Today was a big disappointment.  From dirty dishes to hair in the dessert.  Plus Sunday is the most expensive day to eat here.  Adult $16... Food choices weren't anything special.The sushi was plain cucumber filled with boring.The chicken on a stick tasted really good.  You're better off going to the China buffet for better food.  Every different shrimp title tasted the same.  Although there is a variety of food to choose from I'd rather have quality.My second time eating here and after today I won't be back.  My stars go out to the waitress not the food.
5	Finally got back around to this terrific restaurant, and this time enjoyed the excellent company of Norm R. & Scott W.     :-)As always, there was an amazing selection of food here at the Valley's largest Buffet (tied with it's twin in Chandler).  They do vary the selection some each day, & today I counted up 174 items plus sauces, dressings & toppings.Where to begin??!!  Ok, how about the REALLY GOOD creamy Clam Chowder, a match for the best I've ever had, anywhere.  Then from over at the BIG Sushi station I enjoyed such fresh, tasty treats as grilled Cuttlefish steak!  (Photo.)  The several Sushi items that I chose from over there were all delicious too, as was the seaweed topped with some kind of tasty cheese bits..After some regular salad with plenty of goodies to include in it, it was over to the Mongolian style BBQ for a plate of delicious stir-fry with beef steak cubes and chicken, plus plenty of different veggies to choose from.After many other taste sensations and a nice dessert selection it was time to leave, but what a fun, delicious lunch this was, here at one of the three very best Asian Buffets in the Valley.     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $9.39/$8.45 Sr.
4	Pretty good selection for a buffet, and the sushi selection was good for a buffet. They even had sashimi, which is very rare for a buffet. We went at dinner, so they had the full dinner selections including crab legs.
3	Most of the food was ok, the Mongolian BBQ was the best out of everything. I got way too much food and didn't want to waste it so I wanted to take some home for later. I knew it wasn't going to be free, but they wanted to charge $5.99/pound plus $16.88 for dinner. That was WAY too much money for me. I don't know if I'll come back here, the food wasn't worth the price
4	I'm not much into Seafood but love Sushi. This place has really good & fresh Sushi. They'll even make what ever you want. The Mussel & Crab Legs were yummy as well. They have plenty of other choices if you're not into Seafood.
1	This place is absolutely disgusting to say the least! How are they still in business? So disgusting... everything is COLD and the food was terrible!
1	i have been here a few times thinking it has to get better.  but tonight was the worst.  we go for the crablegs.  it is an all you can eat buffet.  i brought two friends with me and we each grabbed a plate of crablegs.  the owner, comes up and says cant we eat something else the crablegs are very expensive.  i cant believe the humiliation we felt after only 20 minutes in this place.  i will never  recommend anybody to this place.    i need to find a new place.  i mean id rather eat at mcdonalds.....rude and humiliating.
4	Ha, it was that good. We went late in the day, Father day. They were very busy and kept most everything full and fresh. It was impressive. As buffet's go this is the one to measure by..
4	Love the variety at this place. On top of the regular buffet items, they have a bar with fresh food that the chefs cook up for you after you put it together. And who would not love a sushi bar at an all-you-can-eat place??The only negative thing is how oily the veggies and most food are (I guess that's what makes people full faster) and the raised new prices. Went there yesterday with my boyfriend and paid $42 plus tip (included 2 iced teas). If I break it down, I was far from eating $20 worth of food. I'd still go back occasionally though.
2	The quality of their food has gone downhill.
4	The food was good. It's not just seafood as the name suggests. It's what you will find at most Chinese buffets that have a Japanese sushi bar. The waitress was full of friendly energy.
1	The last time I came half of the buffet entrees were empty, I inquired about it with management.  They took 20 minutes to refill the soup which I eat first before anything else.  It was the cooks that were taking a break all at the same time.  I saw all of them eating and only one was cooking and filling the empty dishes.  How rude management was, I hope she's reading this review because I will go over her head and make sure she is fired or demoted.  Ignorant Asian woman, they should hire an American born person.
2	Mediocre at best. They boil the crab legs to the point that they are mush. Overall it is your typical buffet experience...store bought cake desserts etc. On top of that the meal was way over-priced. $18 for frozen seafood. We will forgo future visits.
4	We were greeted immediate.  We got seated for all 6 of us.  There are so many things to pick from.  I got noodles, rice, chicken, grilled meats, dim sum, fish, etc.  Everything was good.  The service was pretty good too.  1 con was that the tables were so close together that we keep bumping into the table behind us and vice versa.
1	Okay was totally not feeling  it 2nd time around..it was just not worth it. I guess if you just want to fill up its ok but if you actually want to sit and enjoy very disappointing. The wait help was sweet though. The dishes were wet and a bit oily. The food just wasn't good. the kids didn't like it :(
4	Good selection of food, sushi was better than average for one of these buffets. I also really likes the Korean BBQ. Service was good and my ice tea stayed full. I'll be back again when I'm in the area.
1	I came for the crab legs and nothing else. Food here is pretty freaking sad. Being Asian, I do eat quite a few weird things. But frog legs...seriously...? Waitress came by and filled my sprite cup with water and a damp FRUIT FLY. This place is a joke... I can't even...omg....This place sucks.
3	We had a back room for 15 of us and the room was comfortable.  The food was good but I thought it was expensive for a buffet.  There was a huge selection of food and there were ample crab legs to take.  They kept refilling the hot food selections.  The waitress was friendly too.
4	Tonight we thought we'd try the buffet as we had heard wonderful things from friends.  I am SO glad I did not read the reviews (at least on Google reviews) before dining.  Staff was so friendly.  Cheese won ton and crispy fried shrimp were awesome.  The egg drop & hot & sour soup were superb   We ate everything from Mongolian beef to spicy Tilapia w/veggies, a Mongolian Grill (U don't get to choose/make u're sauce for the cooking), beef short ribs, full salad bar, huge sushi selection, snow crab legs, and a few exotic items. I saw pig snouts, chicken feet and frog legs.  Our drinks were refilled, extra napkins brought intermittently and dirty/finished plates picked up in a timely manner.  The food was actually steaming consistently and the choc chip mint ice cream tasted jusT like an Andes Mint.  The restaurant was packed and had a semi full lobby waiting to be seated. It was Friday night at 4:30pm when we arrived and very few people were there.  Leaving at 7:30 it was completely full.  It was $20 each was a little higher priced as seafood wasn't in abundance to warrant that price.  However, w/all that said, I definitely would return but this would have to be a monthly or every other month choice because of the cost per person & the number of people in our family.  Great job tonight, TYVM!!
4	For a seafood buffet in the middle of the desert, this place is decent. For the amount of seafood and sushi you can eat, the price is not that bad if one stops to think about how much they've actually consumed in price. It's a clean place with more Chinese dishes which I'm not a fan of. I'm not too fond of the other customers who stock up their plates with crabs and leave none for others. Seafood isn't super fresh (as expected. We're in the desert!), but it isn't dry either. Very clean and without tacky decor. I frequent this place quite often with family.
5	I don't get to Glendale much but this place was very good for a lunch buffet. Only $9.88 (see pic for prices). They had a tray of salmon skin which is my favorite (see pic). Few selections of nigiri, cut rolls, and even some hand rolls. Normal selection of Chinese food but also had dim sum which most of these buffets do not. Korean kal-bi was pretty good. I have to check out the Chandler one some day to see how it compares. For the price and the selection, I think this is the best Asian/Chinese buffet. Sure the Korean food is not as good as an only Korean restaurant but overall very satisfying.
4	This place was clean and fairly inexpensive. There are many options to choose from including sushi, crab and Mongolian BBQ. Even my 5 year old enjoyed the food.
