4	I was probably way too excited about this store when I heard it was opening. Everyone says that it is kind of like a cross between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods. I can understand that comparison because of the wide array of organic products offered, but it is generally an unfair comparison. This store definitely stands out on its own.For me, the best part of the store was the produce and pre-packaged meal selections. In this way, the store really did remind me of Trader Joe's. There were soups, salads, samosas (!), sushi and plenty of other things that would be great (and affordable) to have for lunch at work.Also impressive were their selection of meats. They had varying cuts of meat, all looking very nice. Much better than Trader Joe's and much cheaper than Whole Paycheck, er, I mean Whole Foods.The beer selection is very small, with very little choice of microbrews or anything pretending to be a microbrew. But, once again, good for those emergencies where your beer run also requires something else like diapers. No booze, but there did seem to be a decent selection of wine.There was also a rather nice tea selection.Regular groceries were varied in scope - you'd definitely be able to get that emergency bottle of ketchup or can of tuna on the way home.I would have preferred more "exotic" grocery items such as ethnic foods, but they DID have samosas so I guess I can't complain too much. Also, the checkout was a bit weird because everything is self-checkout but they also have a cashier who will do the self-checkout for you. They didn't have paper bags which kind of surprised me.Overall, it's a good alternative to the Walmart Neighbodhood markets, especially if you are looking for something organic.
5	Whole Foods is WAY across town and I decided to hot this place to see what they were about.  I am so glad I did!  Clean, new and great staff.  Organic food galore!  The meat selection was wonderful and they had all my vitamin supplements in stock.  Will return!
4	This store is great and they have locations in so many areas. Their produce is fresh and lot of it is organic. Their prices are good and the selection is excellent for such a small store.I will always love Trader Joe's, but here you can save a lot of money. Their special offers make my budget last a lot longer.I found items in their store which I did not find in other stores and had been looking for. Hope they will be around for a long time. They have fantastic juices and the prices are right. Try it you like it.
4	Was thinking this store was going to be bigger, considering the reviews comparing it to Trader Joes or Whole Foods, but it ended up being pretty small.  I first saw the produce aisle, and while I was impressed with some of the choices that you don't normally find at a Wal Mart or Albertsons, some of the things seemed a tad more expensive.  The avocados for example were 1.27 or something like that.  The next thing I saw were their frozen foods that they make themselves.  The choices were great!  I got mango chicken and basmati rice, and my little sister got the cajun pasta.  We were both really impressed with the quality and quantity.  I went throughout the rest of the store and bought some chicken that was already premade for dinner.  It was bacon-wrapped and cheese stuffed.  I've yet to try it but my boyfriend made his yesterday and said it was delicious!  The meat seemed to be of good value.  Things like lotion and body-wash were definitely more pricey, but I reserve buying those certain products from a Target or Wal-Mart type store.  I'd say their biggest winner is all the pre-made food that they make ready to cook.  That was great!
5	I love F&E. We picked up some steak, bell peppers & onion and made some delicious fajitas at home. Great prices, fresh produce & meat. Thx F&E!
2	I think Fresh & easy should go to Trader Joes and learn how to set up a little market. They have very little to offer and use their space terribly. No wonder they are closing so many stores. Besides from there sales they are also overpriced, but the employees are very nice.
5	Love this store!! When I lived in Vegas and shopped here I once completely forgot I had a coupon and I walked back in and they gave me the value of the coupon simple and easy! The food is amazing, the price is even better and I live in Seattle now and wish there was a fresh and easy out here!!!
