5	For some reason, I had a tremendous amount of anxiety about buying a new mattress. Maybe I was just self-conscious about rolling around on a bunch of beds in a public place. ABD Mattress quickly alleviated any idiotic fears I may have had. The store was empty when I arrived on a Monday afternoon and I was attended to immediately and never felt pressured. ABD has a great selection of mattresses, and the prices cannot be beat. I picked up a full plush pillow-top mattress for a cool $375 (without a box spring or a frame, since I already had one). Better yet? Delivery is free AND prompt. You pick a three-hour timeframe, and the store will call you on the day of delivery to narrow it to a one-hour slot so you're not sitting around all afternoon.
5	I'm a mattress buying novice. I also hate buying things that require you to try-before-you-buy. I also seem to give explanatory information about myself before reviews. Anyway. I had a lot of anxiousness about buying a mattress. If it's terrible, you'll be spending a large proportion of your life in misery until you fix the problem. Who wants that? Especially for something that can be as expensive as a mattress? These people were great. They patiently answered all of my mattress questions and treated me like a valued customer - both times I called, the man on the phone remembered my name (and number!) and took care of me. When I failed to buy a box spring (why oh why did I think I could go without a box spring??) they were able to take care of me over the phone and get me a box spring in the SAME day. Within hours, even. They even helped me set up the mattress that I DIDN'T purchase from them, which blew me away. Their professionalism and friendliness are excellent. I will recommend them to everyone who's in the market for a mattress, especially students, because their student deals are fantastic.
5	The only place to buy a mattress.Both my wife and I and our daughter desperately needed new mattresses so I decided to check this place out. We went on a Sunday afternoon and were the only ones in the store. Lee greeted us and showed us around the store. They offer mattresses, recliners, dinettes, daybeds, bunk beds and bedroom furniture. We found her a great mattress at a great price. While waking around the store my wife found a Serta iComfort series mattress for us that felt like heaven to lay on. Lee had told us about their free 18 month no interest financing through Wells Fargo Bank, free bed frame, free delivery and set up of your new bed and free removal of your old mattress and box spring which made it a no brainer! I went in to only buy our daughter a new mattress but I bought us a new one as well. No one can beat their prices! I compared the price of our new mattress to Levin, Macy's and Mattress Discounters. No one came close to the price we got at American Buyers. Everywhere else was double the price for just our mattress not including our daughters so it was like getting hers for free. Take it from me, when it comes to your sleep, DO NOT BUY A CHEAP MATTRESS!!! We bought a cheap, supposed Serta mattress in 2008 from Mattress Discounters. The boxed spring had to be replaced about 2 years after owning the bed. I don't think I will have that problem again as our new Serta has a full 25 year warranty. A couple days later our daughters mattress was delivered first and about a week later our new mattress was delivered. The delivery guys had our old mattress and box spring out and our new frame, box spring and mattress set up in less than 10 minutes.I highly recommend American Buyers Discount Mattress for all of your bedding needs.
