5	Great facility! The owner is wonderful and all the horses are well fed, receive excellent care and are very happy. Highly recommend!
5	Lovely place! Calm, beautiful and nice facilities. Full-sized dressage arena, grass turnout and HUGE stalls. Has everything you need - wash rack, lovely tack room and round pen. No barn drama - just a great group of people who love their horses.
5	The care and attention afforded to horses at Bridlewood is second to none.  I am of the opinion that there is not a better place to keep a horse in all of Las Vegas.
1	I had an awful experience here and felt my horse was unsafe. They claim to have 24 hour supervision, yet my horse was left in a turnout next to demolition going on next door. Obviously scared, he got to the point he was so terrified he broke a piece of the gate. When I was informed of this, I got told that he was destructive and I needed to put him in training-- no mention of the fact that there was demolition going on next door, I found that out after the fact. The barn manger left the phone conversation at "Here is the trainers number, I'll tell her you will be contacting her." I felt like I was being forced to put my horse in training and being hosed for more money. I was also told they had arena lights, which turned out to not be the case. I was very clear when I did my tour of the facility that I had a tight schedule-- turnout and arena lights were essential for my young gelding to get exercise. After giving my notice and agreeing to adhere to their the 30 day requirement, I got numerous text messages and emails badgering me about when I was moving my horse, and emphasizing the fact I needed to pay. I was even told that they will put a padlock on my horses stall if they feel necessary. I have never been to a boarding facility that I had issues at like this one. I couldn't get my horse out of there fast enough. I was definitely not impressed with the management and overall experience. Boarders beware.
5	I retired from racing 20 years ago.  My soul was never the same without the connection to a horse, and without it, I was slowly dying inside.. When I thought I just might lose my mind, the most amazing woman reached out to me. Robin Compagno and her Bridlewood Farms! One of the trainers there, Andreena Flores, was also from the track and the two of them welcomed me with open arms. The arena is tended to daily, watered, harrowed, and in fantastic condition. There is a "mare barn" where the ladies seem so very happy! Mothers and babies in large turnout pens with room to move around. There is a round pen, covered stalls, and little bunnies you see from time to time. When I turn the corner and pull in....everything else gets left behind!  I have not met one person I did not like, Jose takes great care of the property, the stalls are always clean and the level of experience when taking lessons will take you as far as you want to go!  I live on the South Side, but nothing compares to Bridlewood Farms, so do yourself a favor and go see for yourself!Vicky Frontiere
5	I have been at Bridlewood Farm for two years. I have a very sensitive Saddlebred gelding, and it is always a challenge to keep the weight on him, he will worry it off. Today he is shiny and and has a wonderful bloom. He is in a large pen  with an executive stall 'rooming' with a weanling. Everyone knows him and looks out for him, so I know he is happy even when I can't spend time with him.The place is always clean. Robin Compagno knows each horse, when they take naps, who their friends are, and their individual quirks. She makes adjustments so that the horses are happy and relaxed. She is very committed to safety.  I also appreciate my fellow equestrians. Everyone there is considerate of others and there is absolutely no gossip. There are trainers available in a variety of disciplines and all encouragement and compliments for whatever small accomplishments, even for those who don't take lessons. All the horses are friendly which is a direct result of kind people, and considerate handling.  Way to go Robin!
