3	The "Grand Opening" for this place is on the 16th of October but they're pretty well stocked already. The place is nice but a little small for all the have to offer. The prices are decent and they are almost identical to Buffalo Exchange except they don't seem to be quite as picky. Their stuff is still pretty good though. It's definitely worth a look if you like this sort of thing.
4	Have you ever walked into a store and had to pinch yourself to see if you were dreaming? I had a variety of life-threatening emotions overcome me upon entry to this store. My blood pressure rose, my pulse quickened, I caught a fever instantly and I nearly collapsed from hyperventilation. In the words of Julian: Not good. This store is AMAZING. High-end designer gowns with New Year's just around the corner? Must try on fast! Vintage leather, bake lite and tortoise shell hand bags? Ladies, I will cut you if you try to beat me to the register to buy them all. Leather, and embroidered coats? Good Lord, I might pass out. Then the I see the price tags. $11. for a patten leather bag from the 1060's?!!! Where am I? Heaven? Am I a goner? I don't remember dying but surely this store is too good to be true. With the aid of two employees, we heaved piles of dresses into the fitting room. Like a wolf protecting her young, I hovered over my enormous pile of goodies. The darling girls made sure that I had a stool in my fitting room so that I could try on my many pairs of platforms. They even let me take my gloves, hats and purses into the fitting room to be sure that no other women would be stealing my rightful claims. I took out a handkerchief from my pocketbook and dotted my brow. I hope that Secret really is "strong enough for a man"! Even the memory if this store is causing my pulse to skyrocket.I spent about two hours in this store. Every time that I thought I was finished, I spotted another gem, brooch or scarf. I bought a camel-colored butter-soft leather trench coat covered in white embroidered butterflies. Price tag? $42.00!!! *small heart attack* An unreal tortoise shell handbag with a wooden handle from the 60's Price tag? ONLY $11.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WTF?! And a couple bags filled with cute stuff. But wait. Two HUGE bags filled with party dresses and beautiful vintage finds? Less than $200. total. One of the luckiest shopping days of my life. If you don't love it? Leave it for me. I'll be back my every future trip to Vegas. If you come the same day that I do? Watch your back. It will be on!
3	Great place to sell, but not my favorite for buying. I was really excited that they would take my buffalo exchange rejects, but pretty disappointed when I looked at their current selection. After selling $50 worth of clothing I could only find one sweater I would wear. I'll have to try again another time in hopes of new finds.
2	Mustang Xchange is clearly a knock-off of Buffalo Exchange, and like most knock-offs, it doesn't quite compare to the original. It's rather small, and while the prices on items seemed very reasonable I was unable to find much that I would be interested in other then a skirt which ended up being a little too small. There were two people working when I was there, both stayed in the far back of the store the entire time I browsed and seemed to only realize I was even there when I asked to use the fitting room. I wasn't impressed with the selection or the service. I doubt I'll go back.
3	It's a nice little place, very friendly staff.  Curteous, and less snutty then buffalo Exchange.  I like it, it feels less trendie, everyone knows it, line buffalo.  It also seems like there stuff is much more high style instead of 80's closet left overs.
2	It is a small shop that is stuffed to the brim with clothes, but the only problem is that there was nothing there that caught my interest. Looking around thrift stores are a great way to find Halloween costumes, yet I came out empty handed. For the most part, the stock that they have did not come in anything smaller than a large. I searched their small section and finished after looking at five items. The prices, they were as expensive for the new version at some of the chain stores, or slightly discounted. The girl working the front was nice. She tried to suggest some items, and even took clothes off the rack for me, but nothing fit right.
3	I've only been here a couple of times, but both visits have been within the last few weeks or so.  I must admit, they make good use of the space that they do have, since some of the items are stacked along the walls (even close to the ceiling) and are hung on the sides of the store, too.  The place has potential, although when I walked in, it seemed like there was more supply than demand.  Translation: it seemed like one of those closets where almost everything has been arranged strategically, but one false move and it all tumbles down.  Ok, maybe a bit of a stretch, but that's how I felt.They sell a variety of items--all types of clothing (outerwear, regular clothing, evening wear, shoes, boots, scarves, wallets, sunglasses, handbags, luggage, etc)--for both men and women.  The clothing type seemed to differ, but for the most part seemed to be retro, vintage, and indie styles.  Bear with me, I'm no fashionista or anything, but they did have high-end brands and retro items.Pros: The store has a large variety of items, and the displays seem to change regularly.  They definitely have some high-end stuff (Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior, Fendi, Prada, etc), as well as some affordable brands (BCBG, Juicy, Bebe, etc), in addition to regularly priced/more affordable items.  They have a mix of authentic and knock-offs, but tend to let you inspect the items or at least ask questions regarding authenticity.    I've been to Buffalo Exchange, but felt like the people at this store valued me more as a potential customer, rather than assess me based on whether or not I would buy something.  The girl that was working there was very helpful and offered many suggestions or tried to point me in the right direction, at times.  Cons: Although there are a variety of items, it doesn't seem like I was really able to find anything in my size.  I also wish that the store would've been more spread out, since they have some nice items--some of which may have been hidden--but with the way that they store is set up, it was a bit on the claustrophobic side while walking around, as there were LOTS of clothes in the store.I'll definitely be coming back again to see if they have "new" used merchandise, since they seemed to be getting a steady supply of items, and also make an effort to switch out what they do have.
4	This little store packs a lot of punch. And by punch, I mean variety, big name brands, and quality items.I have shopped here so often, the associates and I know each other's majors and catch up each shopping trip.You're not going to just walk in and walk out 20 minutes later with great stuff. It's one of those great shopping adventures where you can spend time in each section and find something wonderful. It is small, so if you are claustrophobic...be aware. But the store uses its space well and isn't by any means messy or cluttered.Try clothes on. Ask for second opinions. The associates are friendly, knowledgeable and give honest opinions.Call ahead of time and see if they are giving cash for clothes (there have been times where they aren't) but the store credit is a good deal and you'll get your money's worth for sure.If you are a male... you may not find as much as you'd like. So I encourage all males to bring in their clothes for consideration! Ladies, tell your significant others to come down! Or, just bring in some clothes you know they are going to donate or no longer want and score a new outfit for you!
4	Had an all around terrific shopping experience here.  I regularly visit friends at Stakeout - so I don't have any excuse for not stopping in at Mustang before.  This store is jammed wall-to-wall with great vintage wear in stellar condition. I fed my out of control coat habit with the purchase of a gorgeous cream and brown-toned hounds-tooth overcoat - perfect for Fall - for a measly $15.00!  I had a great conversation with the girl at the counter - who said not too many people know about this store, even though they've been around for a year.If you're into vintage clothing - go.  The selection, attitude and prices are way better than that other place named after a different four legged animal down the street.
1	This place is so disgusting. I wish I could give this place a negative amount of stars. I tried to sell clothes here and the girl told me she could only offer store credit then after she chose what she wanted, she basically made up a price. Once I asked her if they used percentages of what they would sell the clothes for (like EVERY other thrift store of this nature) her answer was just "we're a family owned business". That makes no sense. The selection was ugly, disgusting and way overpriced. I couldn't find anything with my arbitrary store credit told the girl to consider it a donation, then she freaked out so I took my clothes back. I'd rather give my clothes away to Goodwill then sell to these people. Never go here. Not to mention how gross the inside of the place is and how poorly decorated it is. They have purses you would find at savers for $5 priced for $25.
3	I've been to Mustang Xchange a handful of times, and it tends to be pretty hit-or-miss. They have a large selection, but amidst some nice designer and vintage pieces is a lot of no-name fast fashion. They could benefit from being a little pickier and pricing more appropriately. Anytime they get something with a label they jack up the price, seemingly without regard to how stylish the piece might be currently. I've had more luck with their shoes and accessories than with their clothes--I have a few pieces of vintage jewelry and some vintage purses from Mustang Xchange that I really like, but I don't think I've ever bought an article of clothing there. They're more expensive than Buffalo Exchange, which is good for selling but not so much for buying. However, you may want to call ahead if you plan to sell, because they don't give cash after 5 and sometimes they won't buy at all. If you're in the neighborhood it's worth stopping in, but be prepared to do some digging to find something good.
