4	I love Pier 1, they have some of the cutest xmas decorations at all different price points.  This year I got some adorable ornaments and then some other decor for my end tables, and I had to restrain myself from just piling more into my basket.  There regular merchandise is really nice as well, and they have some great looking, but priceyish furniture.
4	Pier 1 is a fun store for buying gifts. I find myself coming in for at least one or two Christmas presents each holiday season and this year was no exception. The employees at this location are always helpful and full of great suggestions.  This year one of my finds was a really cool set of contemporary martini glasses & other bar accessories for a friend who has everything. After Christmas they have great sales on ornaments and other seasonal items.
4	After moving, my change of address notification from USPS came with a bunch of coupons, one of which was 20% off at Pier 1.  Since I can almost see the store from where I live now, I thought I would go and check it out.  Located in Promenade at Providence, Pier 1 is in a corner space close to the entrance at the light off of Ballantyne Commons Pkwy.  With two entrances, one on the main flow of traffic and one near the Beauty Brands side of the building, there is plenty of parking.Greeted as soon as I walked in the door (and then left alone to shop - thank you!), I started my search.  I wasn't sure what I needed, I just knew I needed something.  However, this store is overwhelming.  As with most Pier 1 stores, because they carry various sizes of items, the stuff is crammed in with barely passable aisles and stacked to the rafters.  A wide variety of mirrors, candles and accessories, furniture, very cool lamps, kitchen items and every knick knack imaginable... it was sensory overload for me.  They had quite a selection of clearance items, things that were reasonably priced and some things I had to snort at when I saw the price tag.  After a day of running errands, I couldn't decide on anything - the next time I venture out, I will make Pier 1 my first stop instead of my last so my brain isn't fried.  Seriously... a LOT of items.  A.  Lot.  The store was clean, the employees were friendly, a lot of unusual and quirky items (lots of OWLS - very cool!).   As usual the customers were snotty and rude - "pardon me" seems to be a phrase of the past, but you can't blame that on the store - only in a society that doesn't keep score and gives ribbons to everyone just for participation.Great store - I shall return!
