5	Extraordinary customer service! I was so impressed with how much patients the sales person had. I spent at least an hour deciding on a cue and asking question and not once did I ever feel like my business wasn't appreciated. It was a relief to find someone with knowledge about cues to help guide me in the right direction. Although a good thing, the selection of cues was overwhelming! Huge selection. I first stopped in to have some repairs done on a shaft which came back like new! Also had questions about a more complicated repair and received updates by phone informing me of multiple options. They really do care about their customers and it shows. HIGHLY recommended. And as long as they are here in AZ I will be doing all my pool cue business through them. Thanks G cue billiards!
5	Hand down - the best place to buy pool cues (and other supplies) in the Phoenix area. Excellent service. Great selection. All price ranges. The owner is well informed and has a great amount of pride in his business. Don't waste your time looking elsewhere.
5	For such a small "boutique" type store, they actually have a lot to offer. Their accessories and selection of ques, stands and wall art are all packed right in without feeling cramped. They sell Olhausen pools tables here. Due to the limited space, the day we were in, they only have two in the show room but they allowed us to build our own custom table on their computer. We were very impressed by Richard's good advise on the tables, options and prices they came in. He pretty much showed us everything good/bad about all the different types of rails, skirts and stains for each of the designs we picked. He even showed us the swatches of felt that we choose to see how they looked on a table. The severices and follow-up they sell with the tables appear to be extrodiary compared with other pool table/ billard stores. I reccomend them for their customer service. we didn't buy a table from them, but we are stillin the market so if we do I'll update my review.
5	This place is simply the best! I've been doing business with Robert for years and highly recommend him for all of your billiards needs.
5	I recently rented a home in Tempe, and very fortunately, it came with an 8-foot top-quality pool table. There were four decent house cues, but I wanted to purchase a high quality cue of my own. I hadn't played much since my teen hangout was a pool hall, back in Philadelphia, more years ago than I wish to remember. But with a table in my home... I was not going to let this go to waste.My second bit of good fortune was the discovery that I am only a 5-minute drive to G Cue billiards. So I took a run over and was helped by RJ and met Robert, the owner. RJ could not have been more professional- he clearly knows the why behind the what, answered my questions patiently, and sold me exactly what I needed. They have a great selection in all price ranges. Nice guys, too. So... professional, friendly, know their stuff, great selection, nice to do business with... I can't imagine a reason to ever go anywhere else.
5	Honestly I can't say enough good things about this store. I live in San tan valley and I am more than happy to take the drive. I own a table at home but just have some house cues that everyone uses when their over so I wanted to go get a stick that is mine and only mine. I went in on a Sat and I believe his name was RT. Anyway, man was he a cool dude. Not only was he very professional and knowledgeable. But he let me take a look around without following me and trying to up sell me. I am actually bringing my wife in their this Thurs.  For her to get a sick and I hope he is their. Although I am sure anyone who works their is just as professional.
5	Great cue selection, great staff, just what you need if you are interested in billiards.  After multiple purchases including pool cues and billiard balls I recommend G Cue without reservation.
