5	I have been receiving water at home by Sparkletts Water for over a year now. Their service is always professional and I am in love with it. The water they provide me with is always water that's cool refreshing and good. Their is no after taste and they also have other drinks they bring from time to time like tea, and crystal light. The water cooler is fun to use because you can use hot or cold water and also its easy to keep clean.
1	I agree with Christchen.Im having the same problem.Ive been calling all day. The guy is not answering any of the phone calls from the customer service rep, not a one. He is not answering any text at all. Ive been home all day waiting for water that is never coming. I keep getting an apology, but nothing is being done to fix it! Its like its okay that these drivers dont deliver like they say.Funny..they took my money right away...but I cant get my water.
1	My first delivery was on time with no problems.  Two weeks later I get an automated message saying I will be getting a delivery, the following day no delivery. I wait another day still no delivery I call them up and talk to DR Water's customer service and get a lot of apologies but I can't drink apologies. They schedule another delivery. Now I was supposed to have my water delivered yesterday and I still don't have any water as of this morning. Called again and got more apologies and a promise the the route supervisor would call me and try to get the water today all I know is if I don't have any water when I get home I am canceling and dropping the bottles off at there office since apparently the delivery drivers forgot where I live.
1	Ordered service online on wend set up for delivery on Friday. Called to confirm appointment was told they would be there Friday morning as appointment was set up for. Friday morning passes no show or call . I called customer service And found out they simply DONT CARE about new customers!!!! Driver rescheduled appointment and did not call to let me know not to sit and wait for them WHY GIVE customer service they don't care.Your time is not important   CALL OTHER ANYONE BUT Them !!!!!!!!
1	It is nice to see that I am not the only one with issues regarding Sparkletts. When we lived in California the service was good, but we had issues with having the cooler replaced a few times. We moved out to Las Vegas and boy, the customer service deteriorated after that. Deliveries were skipped with no apologies. We signed up with Nestle (highly recommend them, BTW!) and I called Sparkletts to come get their cooler. I was given a day and they never showed up. Its been months now. We also just got a letter from a collection agency to 'return the equipment'...excuse me?!!! So, yeah...now I am back trying to get them to come get their stuff or I'm going to drop it off on their door step.
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. Just got off the phone (this is my fourth phone call) with the manager who told me about their disorganization and blamed my consistent issues on everyone else, taking no responsibility. As the customer, I don't want to hear you blame other people, especially in management. It's unprofessional, I'm a paying customer. Fix the problem. Water not showing up, the right quantity not showing up, having to call over and over and speak to different managers who give the run around, credits for inconveniences never being applied, water being delivered DAMAGED- leaking all over the porch. This company is a joke. And it's water for Gods sake. How hard is it to deliver 4 handles of water every two weeks? Go with Nestle.
