5	Great coffee and arepas!!!! Loved the attention, service and the food was fresh and very typical Colombian. Met the owners very pleasant.
5	AWESOME COLOMBIAN FOOD !!! Had breakfast at El Cafetal, everything was delicious. I had perico with rice and My husband huevos, chicharron, chorizo, and arepas. The service was fast, friendly and everything clean and welcoming.  Can't wait to go back and try the Bandeja Paisa !!!
5	This is by far one of the best Colombian  restaurants I've been to. The food is authentic and doesn't seem to be any different from my grandmother's food (who is from Colombia). I never am disappointed with the Entrana which seems to be a worthy competitor to the Bandeja Paisia. Will visit time and time again.
3	Food is excellent, I mean EXCELLENT!  SERVICE LAST TIME WE ATE THERE WAS TERRIBLE!  We, a party of 5 walked in at 8:20 pm, ordered by  8:30,  and then a party of 10 walked in 10 minutes later,followed by another party of 2, followed by yet a another party of 2 and we still do not have our food 45 minutes later..I state to my family that I am waking out if we do not have our food in 10 minutes. So I set  my timer and my family and I got up, offered to pay for the drinks we ordered, they did not make us pay, and we left..     It's a shame for both parties because their food is phenomenal and we all like it and they just lost a lot of money since we eat there at least once a week and will be hesitant to return.
5	What a pleasant surprise to find a gem like this hidden in Indian Trail. The meats were flavorful, the empanadas we had as an appetizer were excellent, the prices were reasonable and the service was friendly and fast. I will definitely be making this one of my regular spots.
5	Awesome colombian food in Indian trail! Ate some delicious steak asado. the empanadas were delicious and the service excellent. The people here are so kind and I am never disappointed.  The fried plantains are also amazing.  You won't regret eating here (if you have an open mind).
5	Ate here for the first time as an alternative to La Unica. Food amazing! Service was excellent! We ordered yuca frita, empanadas, tostones and the entrana. Definitely my first choice of restaurants from here on out. Spread the word because we need this place to thrive. There are very few great Colombian restaurants and this is one.
4	I intended on going to LaUnica,  but wasn't thrilled with the food the last time. I saw this cute little Columbian place in the same parking lot and thought I would give it a try. Glad I did!  The food was fresh,  authentic, and the staff were all very pleasant.  I tried the Empanads,  and they were a nice spin on the kind I'm used to. Made with corn cake instead of the customary pastry shells or tortillas. Very good!  I'll definitely be back to try more items.  Great place to go if you want "home cooked" Columbian food.  Just what I was looking for.
3	Something completely new to us so not sure what to expect. I have to say it was good but a bit on the meaty side. If you're looking for a well balanced meal you may want to hit the La Unica. Seeing how I have no idea what to order I asked the young lady to help me out and she did very much so. The problem, not hers or mine, the language barrier. Once we hit in the same page I was happy with my choices and will return.
5	We chose to eat here when there was too long of a wait at La Unica, and I'm glad we did! The food was delicious, the staff was friendly- they answered all questions and helped us decide what to get. This place is a hidden gem! The tamale was HUGE and unlike anything I've ever had. We will definitely return!
4	A variety of menu options allow you to try pancakes while also having a traditional egg/bacon breakfast. Friendly, helpful waitstaff and large airy space made starting the day here great.
