4	I think it's necessary to review this place, as reading an Inc. magazine in their waiting area is what prompted me to start writing reviews for Yelp instead of Insider Pages.Every 3,000 miles you need an oil change. It's one of the inevitable truths of owning a car, like it or not. A number of these old Texaco service stations were turned into Grease Monkeys in recent years, including this one at Boulder and Greenway/Palo Verde. Quite honestly, I don't think this place has ever been better. Any skepticism I had about a different company taking over has been shattered.This is a full-service oil change facility that performs a number of other services as well - including a smog check facility in the back and a car wash. Plus, the property has a convenience store/gas station within walking distance. The waiting room here is a little on the small side, which is a disappointment. However, they do have additional chairs outside if you just want a place to sit while you wait. The waiting room itself has free coffee and water bottles while you wait, plus a restroom. There are several magazines for your reading pleasure as well, covering all interests. Hell, the last time I was in there they even had a Bible! The wait times tend to be a bit inconsistent, but given how congested this place gets that is definitely understandable. Fortunately, the staff are all friendly and will always let you know if your car is in need of some type of repair/replacement/etc. There's a real family mentality going on here, the staff are all nice and they won't try to milk you for every dollar the way some places do.One minor complaint I have is that, along with Grease Monkey taking this place over, they no longer give out free car washes with each oil change. However, they make up for this with a "frequent oiler" program, where if you get a certain number of oil changes you can earn a free one. This is useful when you live in a household the size of mine, where there are several cars that need it.This place is at a convenient location in the heart of "Old Henderson" and is easily the best facility of its kind in the region. Come here for all your oil change needs - they'll take care of you.
1	Went there 10-20-2012.  They told me that my 2012 Scion required synthetic oil, which costs twice as much as conventional.  He showed me the oil fill cap which said weight for conventional and the weight for synthetic.  He then said that Toyota  recommends/requires synthetic.  He said the only time you can use conventional is if you are off in some small town that does not have synthetic....well, little did he know, I may be female, but I have worked in the car industry my entire life!  I told him never mind and went straight to the dealer.  I talked to a service writer and asked him what kind of oil they would put in my car if I came in for an oil change, he said conventional, not synthetic.  Obviously,Toyota does NOT recommends, further that synthetic oil is not in the car when purchased!I went back to the oil change place and told him I had been to Toyota and what they said.  I then told he is a liar and a thief!  He was trying to up sell me something I did not need, and that is stealing.  Steer clear of this place!
5	As a woman in her 40's, it can be very difficult, not to mention frustrating, dealing with any kind of automotive mechanic.  A necessary evil usually.  However, dealing with Shawn and his team, they always tell me when I DON'T need a service that I ask for.       I came here for the 1st time about 6 months ago.  I had my oil changed and asked them to rotate my tires.  I came in today for an oil change and asked about my brakes and they said they looked fine.  No need for brake service today.  Now that's someone I TRUST!  Thanks guys!
