4	I've been stumbling around the Quartermile a few times now when I've been working in the area and was intrigued by Looking Glass Books. I could see pretty looking books, coffee, cake and comfy chairs and it just looked so inviting. I've always been a bookworm and wrecked my eyesight as a kid, trying to read whilst it was getting dark so the parents wouldn't know I was awake. No pen lights in those days as pocket money stretched to penny mixtures, not torches and batteries, but books have remained my one true love. Sure there's been a few disastrous dates, but then there's the cosy dates, late nights, on the sofa with a great novel.I finally dropped in to see what was inside the looking glass and to grab coffee between meetings. No cake as no GF versions available (I had already been to Peter's Yard at lunch) but had I been well fed and the Nak'd bars are available. I was told there is usually a chocolate and orange GF option. For cake munchers, lovecrumbs supply cakes. The pretty books which always caught my eye when I passed were re-issued classics, with lovely colourful printed covers. I was drawn to the pretty pastel covers and also feeling guilty that I hadn't read the many classics on offer. Its not just classics available but also up to date releases, history, culture and kids books too. The store itself is a mixture. Despite being glass fronted, the mix of dark wood book shelves and jewel coloured velour sofas and chairs, interspersed with perspex chairs and tables gave it a modern but relaxed, comfortable feel. Staff were helpful and friendly but left you in peace to read. I didn't buy books this time, but given that the Yelp book club is starting, I think I'll be a regular visitor, popping in for the next book on the list or just to grab a coffee and a comfy chair and curl up with a book between meetings.
3	a rather blustry saturday morning (a sad reminder that winter is well on its way) i made my way to this bookshop slash cafe to have a coffee and a chat with the lovely Lou V.  now i'm not overly familiar with the whole quartermile, but after instructions from my dining companion i turned right at the starbucks and made my way along.  the shop is hard to miss though with the huge glass windows displaying a beautiful interior of colourful and well loved classic books behind a chic cafe with clear tables mixed amoung huge velvet purple couches.getting there early i took a seat at one of the tables as the couches were occupied and proceeded to make a phone call while i wait.  now this place gets a immediate extra star because i was clearly very upset and crying on the phone and instead of looking at me disapprovingly the ladies working the cafe seemed to just get on with their business and leave me to be.  when Lou V. did arrive she took me and my sorry self to a newly emptied velvet sofa and bought me a cup of tea and a cheese scone.  the girl behind the counter was especially nice and made no comments as to the mascara that had migrated from my eyelashes to my cheeks.our hot drinks and my scone came promptly and i found it very lovely that my tea was a loose leaf which came with a little timer and instructions from the waitress to allow the tea to brew for two full turns of the timer.  very nice touch.  my cheese scone was huge as well and immediately slathered with butter for a quick bite into the comfort of cheese and carbs that i needed!  when poured my cranberry apple tea was a rich red colour and very comforting.despite being blatently modern, i found this bookshop very cosy and welcoming.  it reminded me of the trendy boutique shops i've been to back in the states.  i also loved that they had beautiful coloured covers on the classic books that were on display and really used the huge space they had to fill up the shop nicely but not make it feel crowded.  i had a quick browse of the books before we left and felt a bit of sadness that i no longer buy real books since i've had my kindle as this would clearly be the ideal shop to get them at.now my only complaint and why this place has gotten 3 stars instead of 4.  it was freezing!!  absolutely freezing!!! and i was wearing a cardigan and ugg boots, so clearly i should not have been so cold.... i don't know if it's because the place doesn't keep heat in well with the high ceilings and massive windows lining three out of four walls of the shop, but it was so cold that we opted to leave and get a second coffee elsewhere.  i think i will visit this shop again, but perhaps bring a few extra layers to keep warm or wait until a sunny summer's day when the warmth from the sun can heat the shop through the windows.
4	I love Looking Glass Books.Not in the least for their decoration (think Alice in Wonderland on Tim Burton with a hint of cirque du soleil thrown in for good measure). This little bookshop with deviously placed comfortable couches, is hidden away behind a Starbucks and Peter's Yard on Middle Meadow Walk.If you'd like to get away from the screaming children at Peter's Yard, and I often do, (have you seen Sinister? Yeah, my point exactly), Looking Glass Books is just your place. It's so lovely and quiet, for a change, people seem to come here to read, browse or just catch up over a quiet tea and coffee. But there are no screeching children, this is sort of a pet-peeve of mine, and that is so so lovely.They also sell the chocolates from what I believe is the Chocolate Tree, which I still need to visit! But yes, the coffees are very well done, and thought not a the standard of Artisan Roast (but I mean, who is) they are well above and beyond a Peter's Yard. Very jummy. The baked goods are not covered during the day, which means that there's no sneeze-guard (I don't quite know how I feel about that) but more importantly, it also means that the cakes are a little dried out at the end of the day, and not quite fresh. Maybe something to think about?The staff seems absolutely lovely, and their selection of books is just, ... well, bad for my budget really. But so good for my soul.One more kind little hint towards the owners: please turn the heat up just a little. We love your place, but Robyn and me were freezing in here! Oh, and please get a latte ready, I'll be there in ten.
3	I struggle a bit with the Quartermile area generally. I don't really get the floor to ceiling window apartments and when the wind gusts up from the meadows I either want to rush on into town or turn the collar up and get back to Bruntsfield.  So I didnt think the prospect of another coffee shop opening here would have much impact on my weekend route planning.  Today however, we veered in for a quick pit stop in Looking Glass Books and think this could be the place for a regular wrist twister before hitting the shops.  Setting up a business here must limit potential in terms of 'feel' or abience - these are after all glass boxed business units so don't expect Black Books.  That said the coffee shop is really nice, solid brew and good cakes.  Seating is comfortable with couches and designer moulded plastic chairs and while we were in, there was a story telling about to start, so great for kids.I'm looking forward to the edges of shop and cafe softening in time and maybe in a couple of years I'll get a latte in a stout bookshop mug rather than a glass tumbler but in the meantime I'm more than happy to put of the hustle of Princess Street on hold for half an hour.
5	I have been randomly coming to Looking Glass after accidentally stumbling upon it via a walk through the Meadows heading from Victor Hugo t'wards another coffee chain. The unique selling point is they are an all important indie bookstore that can make great coffee, decent service staff that have a fantastic knowledge of books contained, wifi, and its quieter on so many levels than another nearby brew chain, unless children are in - but most do behave.A quick scan in terms of what books they stock found nothing concrete, and as heading out was asked if I was after anything in particular. It bothers me that no other bookstores do this? I expressed interest looking for technical travel books on cycling the for a future venture.Their database held one possible but as feeling obliged to buy upon ordering, didn't want to do this...more research is needed before I come back and buy. Oh yes while I nearly forgot to note - take cash next time as their card machine sometimes throws a hissy fit.At the end of the day, they don't supply a bad service, but a great big happy one with icing on top plus they have the components in place for repeat custom. One thing I did notice on searching for Looking Glass Books on internet, their namesake in the US cropped up - and it has or had a resident cat that sleeps by a fireplace.Please oh please LGB don't get a cat, or far worse a fireplace!
4	This is a unique place, tucked away from plain sight in Edinburgh's Quartermile. A hybrid between a coffee shop and book seller, Looking Glass straddles both experiences quite well and offers a fresh take on buying your latest read. The selection of literature isn't the largest, but what's on offer is of good quality. Browsing is a pleasure as there aren't mountains of books to get through and they're on display with space to breathe. The non-fiction section could use a bit of bolstering, but I appreciate that space is a little tight as a wee cafe has also been included in the shop's space. Buy a book, grab a coffee, have a read and enjoy the atmosphere. A lovely little place, indeed.
4	I love this independent book shop. Tucked away inside The Quartermile, its a book lovers oasis that serves very delicious coffee & teas. There are always tasty baked treats to consume while reading and the couches in here, boy! They invite you stay and snuggle and lounge and generally keep your nose stuck in a book for many hours.The staff are wonderfully friendly and helpful and it is a quieter, more grown up vibe than say Peter's Yard around the corner and less student packed than the near-by Starbucks. It is smaller in comparison to its better known neighbours but it is well worth browsing the book shelves if you cannot find a seat.Knitting groups and the like often meet here and so there is always a nice level of chatter/white noise and there is free wifi should you wish to work away. There is also a book club that is hosted by the shop and they always seem to be reading interesting titles.A wonderful gem of a shop, that should be loved and support by Edinburgh locals.
3	One afternoon my friend and I were looking for a warm drink to heat up on a wet dreicht day.  Seeing that Peter's Yard was complete full and noisy, my friend took me to Looking Glass Books, just behind Peter's Yard.  A lovely quite, chilled coffee come book shop.The interior is fresh, floor to ceiling glazing, quirky seats and mono colour bookshelves.  There is a whole Alice and Wonderland vibe about the place.  All in all a nice surprise to find hidden within the metropolis of the Quatermile! All sounds so good, so why only 3 stars?  Well, I had the urge for a real chai tea, delighted they had it, I ordered.  They bought the hot drinks to out coffee table and sadly it was just a tea bag chai tea, no creamy sweetness, just a weak chai tea.  I slowly drank it, wishing I had indulged in the hot chocolate my friend was sipping! Would I go back? Of course, especially to get away from the yummy mummies and screaming kids in Peter's Yard!  I saw they do fair trade there too.  Thumbs up, but alas, still on my conquest to find a real chai tea in Edinburgh!
5	A breath of fresh air if you're willing to bypass the usual Sbucks and walk about 30 seconds further. Chock full of interesting books to peruse either with or without coffee from their shop. Cute seating area that for some reason reminds me of a modern day Alice in Wonderland.
5	After hearing so much about this bookstore I finally went to have a coffee there with a friend. I loved the look and feel of the place. Even though it's new looking, there's still something very welcoming and comfortable about the place. I loved sitting at my table, being able to see all the books on the shelves. It's very tempting to spend a fortune in there. I want to go back, soon!
4	I visited this little independent book shop for the first time today, after having been wanting to go there for a while. The shop itself is tucked away beyond Starbucks on Quartermile and is much smaller than its surrounding cafes. The place is lovely inside, with stylish furniture and colours (and a particularly lovely lamp shade). We went at about 3pm, and it was very full. After a few minutes we got a table but I reckon the sofas were the place to be, particularly as I had brought my knitting along! The shop has a lovely selection of beautiful books as well as other literary themed bits and bobs. They also stock plenty of delicious goodies from Coco of Bruntsfield...mmmmm! Overall I'd thoroughly recommend a visit. It is quite busy but I suppose that just shows that it's a popular spot!
5	Off the beaten track can be a good location for punters as this place is never too busy. Books, tea, cake... what more could you want?  Well, the staff are always incredibly friendly and there are regularly events in the shop to help bring you in after hours.The coffee is considerably better than average, a small but excellent selection of teas and hot chocolates, various cold drinks and a bunch of tempting sweet treats round out a satisfying choice of things to stick in your face. People who Know Books have often commented to me that the range on offer are remarkably up to date and often pre-empting the next big thing. Certainly it's nice to have books that have been chosen to be in stock for more than being big sellers, as well as being comforting to sit and chat with an army of interesting literature right next to you.
5	Would it be too obvious to say that Looking Glass Books is... a wonderland? I think this is my spiritual home. It's got everything I need. Chess tables. (I have pieces, but no board). Shiny floor. Books. Macarons. Wi-Fi. WHITE HOT CHOCOLATE. The only negative part of coming here was feeling myself shrivel into a raisin of regret at not having come before.The books on offer are varied and eclectic, so if you're looking for something specific rather than just Looking For A Book, finding it here might be tricky. But to that end, they have a Super Fast Ordering Service so you can still avoid the foul trenches of the corporate giants if you're not needing it in your grubby mitt right away.Also, white hot chocolate. I'm returning to this point because it's important. And the fluffiest, flavouriest crumbly passionfruit macaron this side of town (probably). It's tall and igneous-looking, not like its smooth-shelled cousins, delicacies of Laduree so on, and bursts with flavour in your mouth in just the way a good weeny treat ought.Oh, Looking Glass, I find a better version of myself in thee...
5	This book shop is like a dream, situated right in the middle of Quartermile. For anyone who lives around here, I am extremely jealous of but it is very close to my gym so I still get to visit it whenever I go to the gym during the day.I was first in here for the Istanbul Review night with author Elif Shafak and I loved the feel of the place so much that I came back the next day and spent a few hours in here.Tables that pair up as chessboards (not entirely sure how likely you are to have chess pieces but no board, unless you're Cressi of course but she's the CM, she's allowed to have these kind of qualities) and comfy chairs to lose yourself in whilst sitting with a coffee and read a book is, in my opinion, heaven.The books on offer are extremely varied and eclectic so, as Cressi has said, if you are looking for something specific then you might be best going to somewhere corporate as this is the kind of bookshop that, upon entering, you know you are going to leave with something you would never expect to buy (for me it was Elif Shafak's "The Forty Rules of Love")There is one negative part of coming here and that is the fact the floor is black and white tiled "humbug" style as opposed to chequered, which eradicated my idea that, along with the chessboard tables, this would be a superb place to host Edinburgh's first Wizard's Chess event. With less bloodshed obviously.
5	If a shop were my spirit animal, Looking Glass Books would be a top contender (you know, with a little added splash of red and a weird circus act in the corner.) When I moved from Canada, I had to pack up my 700+ book collection and pop it into storage. I'm not going to say it was harder then leaving family... but I just did. So gauge your interpretation from there.I'm a bibliophile to the core and stocking up a new bookcase was top priority. In fact, I bought books before bedding - I take this s%&t seriously. So from one book nerd to another (and I know you are, because you've not only Yelped "bookstores", but you made it through my overly flowery review intro), do yourself a favour and pop into this place.I don't know if it's the hodge podge of charming chairs to curl up in, or the big bay windows that scream, "ignore your emails and watch the world go by!" - but I was at home from the second I stepped in the joint.Having the first book I saw, be the current Booker Prize Winner (I happen to be in the midst of attempting to read every winner since my year of birth)? I knew I had found my literary home.The selection here isn't extensive, but it is incredibly curated. Almost every book I picked up, I immediately wanted. Not to mention, the hand written notes on the covers? Brilliant. It makes the experience all the more genuine and I started following one specific hand writing around the place, because we shared similar thoughts about Life of Pie. It led me to pick up a title and an author I had never read, and after cracking that book last night - i'm already hooked.For the true book nerd, this is heaven, and you'll be hard pressed to make it out of the place with less then three books in tow (it makes for very expensive business lunches... but pleasant nonetheless).If you're a book newbie, it's the perfect spot to start. Take a walk through the place and read the reviews - you're bound to find something that catches your eye.And if you're not a book guy/gal, you likely didn't make it through this review. But if you've skimmed to the bottom, chances are you're on a gift hunt for a book loving buddy - this place is your foolproof guide to what's new and interesting.Definitely one of my favourite finds so far and you'll catch me combing the shelves here for many a day to come!
