5	The reasons I love this place:They make your ice tea fresh when you order it.  They sweeten it for you and everything.  I'm a tea fan, so that's a big thing for me.Super friendly staff.Everything made from scratch.Coffee and tea locally roasted/blended.  Big menu for such a little place, and reasonably priced, too.It's just nice--really nice.  It's the kind of place you can go, sit and read a book from cover to cover.  I did that today, in fact.  I haven't had coffee there, but I tried my boyfriend's and it was excellent.  I haven't had much of their food--only soup, but it was awesome.  And the people have been so friendly every time I've been there.  I've been in once when the owners have been in, two smiley ladies who are really proud of their business.I only wish they had longer hours.
5	I adore the fact that this place popped up around the corner from our new apartment! The staff is incredibly friendly and always ready with a recommendation for the indecisive coffee aficionado. Their iced drinks are huge (a must for the scorching Phoenix summers) and everything is delicious.  The tea smoothies are made with a premix, but are quite refreshing. They have breakfast sandwiches, pastries, soup as well as lunch sandwiches. The breakfast sandwiches (we have had vegetarian and the ham) are served on flaky croissants and are very good. If you get egg salad, be warned, it is messy!Another bonus is that they get their coffee and tea locally.You can get a drink punch card too, which they will keep on file for your visits. I could continue to ramble as there are so many lovable things about True Brew, but instead I will just tell you to try it for yourself.
5	I love this place-we found it by using a coupon from one of those saavy shopper mags you get in your mailbox.Great artwork on the walls (they sell them too), wonderful staff, and delish iced coffee. I'm really a dunkin donuts fan from NJ, and when I came out here, I had a horrible time trying to find a decent iced coffee. (sad that there aren't any DD's in my area).This has become my fave new place! I just wish they were open in the evenings.Great sandwiches and they put fruit on the side too!
3	A VERY nice establishment, very nice people working here.  The coffee was fresh, but not to die for.  Would I avoid this place? No way.  Would I go out of my way to come back (like I would for Seattle Espresso)? No.
3	This is a super cute lil coffee shop, and the people inside were extremely nice and very chatty. I have only been here once but I would definitely go again...although I have to say the drink I got really wasn't that great. I'm thinking maybe I'll order an extra shot of espresso next time and try my luck! I'll definitely update if/when I do!
1	Good atmosphere and decent sandwiches but once again HORRIBLE iced coffee. Can anyone do it right besides Dunkin Donuts? Im trying to so hard to find another good iced coffee store but no one can compare to D&D yet.
5	True Brew puts a smile on my face.The owners are very welcoming and certainly appreciate your patronage. I was introduced to this business at work. They catered a breakfast during a staff meeting and provided wonderful food and great service. Since then, I have visited their shop. The shop is small and personal, beautiful art decorates the walls. The quality of the art is above average, which is a nice change due to most places having rather poor art which they are selling for an insane amount of money. Art aside, I frequently order both coffee and sandwiches. The coffee is  brewed perfectly and not overdone like the majority of chain coffee shops. The sandwiches are always fresh and inviting. The vegetables  crunch when they are suppose to and the size is better than average for the cost of around six bucks. This price also includes a side, pickle and some candy. Certainly, one of the better lunch options in terms of quality and health. If you believe in supporting local businesses, take the time to visit True Brew.
5	True Brew is a good as good can be! This cafe is owned by the great harmonica and vocalists Rochelle Raya formerly of Sistah Blue. They serve great hot & cold coffee drinks, sandwiches, soups, salads and pastries. They serve it all up with the best sunshine smiles in the valley!True great food! Great brews! Incredible music with the best of local artists like Rochelle and Nancy Delessandra now of the DelRayz, Linda Bilque and many other greats!Truly local independent Arizona - I have found a new place to hang!
5	True Brew! This place makes me so happy and was a huge stepping stone for me to get away from crappy Starbucks coffee. I discovered it through a friend of mine that was moving to California and was instantly hooked. Their drinks are reasonably priced, incredibly delicious, and the staff is wonderful. Whenever I order a flavored drink I'm asked how it tastes before I leave, just in case I have a sweet-tooth and would want more flavoring to it... Anyway, I can't express how amazing this place is enough. Just walk in, order some coffee, and see for yourself. Oh, and for local artists - the artwork is regularly changed, so if you want any of your work displayed all you have to do is ask. Honestly, what's better that a great coffee shop with some excellent eye-candy on the wall? ;)
5	I found my new fav coffee place in town. It's always the little hole int he wall corner shops that get me. The gal's who run the shop are so personal and inviting. I am coming back here for sure.they made me the BEST iced Americano with white mocha  i've ever had.. and it's 32oz... how awesome is that?!!
5	Even though I had been in California for the last two years, the ladies at True Brew remembered me when I popped in for a caffeine fix last weekend (perhaps this is a sign that I may have been here a wee bit too often). Even better, my drink card was still on file (wish they would have told me that they knew I would be back). My espresso was every bit as delightful as I remember, and the owners just as personable. I am going to keep introducing my friends to this lovely shop so that it will always be available to me. Selfish, I know!
4	Nice place, nice people, good coffee. I would have never found this place if it weren't for yelp. I have driven past it a million times, and even been in the parking lot of it multiple times for the vet office and never saw it. It's a cute artsy store. Smooth music playing and photography and art covers the walls. They have a menu that clearly shows their sizes and prices so it's easy to order. The Barista gave me tons of options and asked questions to make sure that it was made the way I like it, even though it was just an Americano. I would definitely go back, it's just not on my way to work anymore but if I'm ever nearby needing a fix of caffeine then I will gladly stop in.
5	True Brew is still my absolute favorite coffee place in Phoenix.Rochelle and Sharla  make every single customer feel like a friend.They know us by name and remember our favorite drinks.Delicious breakfast sandwiches with fantastic artwork on the wall.I can't think of a better way to spend my Saturday mornings (ok maybe sleeping but that's another topic).They also have live music on certain nights when weather permits, on their outdoor patio. They also have a super cute children play group that meets there on Saturday mornings.Such a great place to have in our neighborhood.
4	I have read about this place on Yelp and had a hard time locating it so i will tell you where it is. It is on the Northeast corner of 16th St. and Bell Road in the north west corner of the shopping area.  Ok back to the review, it was all I read about the girls were super helpful and giving lots of sugestions on what to get.  I got a very large iced grapfruit green tea, good choice it is very good and the price it right. I will be back to have some coffee and the breakfast, lunch menu looked good too, so if you like a mom and pop kind of place this is it, I am all about supporting them instead of the big businesses..
5	The best ice tea you can get brewed fresh when you order it.  They are super friendly, the food is fresh and made to order, delicious.  They also support local artists, schools and businesses.Make it a point to stop by!
5	Nice cozy coffee shop! good coffee and nice pastries, free wi-fi! I got a nice big Cinnamon roll and it was nice to see they put a few rasberries on the plate! it was a nice touch and good customer service!Would like some power outlets though! But nice spot to waste the day away for a bit and soak up some wifi!
5	Went here for lunch the other day and fell in love with the place.  They obviously have a great coffee menu but also a surprisingly large loose tea selection as well.  Lunch was fantastic.  You can choose from different ingredients to build your own sandwich or salad.  I had a tuna sandwich with sprouts and avocado that was to die for, and the Asian coleslaw was really yummy.  Everything is fresh and prepared with care. Can't wait to try breakfast there with my hubby some morning.  Loved the overall feel of the place. The barista and the owner who I had the opportunity to meet were both incredibly friendly.  I will definitely be back!!
4	This place is so cute and really represents a good, local coffee shop. I'm always looking for local coffee shops when i'm out and about as I would rather support fellow local business owners than the CEOs at Starbucks.I ordered a dirty Chai Latte and a half sandwich and half salad. Everything was excellent, but my only complaint is that they were all out of many of the ingredients that were listed as salad and sandwich topping. Also, there was only one person working and although she was extremely sweet and helpful, it took a little longer than expected to make our order. Overall, this place has a great atmosphere and excellent menu.
5	amazing place!! coffee, tea, food and service are all 5 star! I love it for breakfast and lunch :-)
4	Reminded me a lot of Coffee Rush in Gilbert/Chandler... Up to 32oz for iced coffee and decent prices. Fast service with plenty of treats (we got a chocolate chip cookie which has a surprise cinnemon and... banana? flavour).A bit hard to find as it's tucked in the corner of a small shopping centre but just look for The Codfather on the northeast corner when driving.
5	LOVE this place!! I was looking for a good coffee shop around my house, since all there is is Starbucks everywhere and I am SO happy I found this!! The coffee was so delicious and the food was amazing!! Super fresh and delicious homemade salads and sandwiches.  The owners were so nice and they completely support local which is great
5	This place blows Starbucks out of the water!  Please check it out and support a local business keeping the $ here in the community and hiring your neighbors as employees. Oh, did I mention the coffee and breakfast burritos are great!!??
4	This is a great local little coffee shop located in a strip mall with some sort of a Zumba place next to it. It was thumping from the music of class next door when I got my coffee. Combined with the coffee shop music the two music's together were a little bit overwhelming for me first thing in the morning. I'm glad I found a mom and pop type place close to my work. The large mocha was delicious and strong. I think it was $5. I honestly was sleepy and didn't remember. I was humming around all day from it!I love all the local art for sale. They had some pottery and jewelry for sale from local artists as well.They have a really good iced coffee too. I wish they would get a coconut milk substitute but most places don't unfortunately. Still I'm a fan!
5	I've worked a couple miles from this place for years, and I just discovered it on yelp today. I'm sad that I didn't hear about it sooner! The staff was friendly, and the latte was way better than what I've been putting up with at Starbucks down the road. I highly recommend giving this place a try if you live or work nearby... What a great little hole-in-the-wall coffee place!
2	They have things that make them stand out as a coffee shop, but they strongly lack the things I need for it to be a return type place.1. The only reason you will catch me in a coffee shop is because I need to use my laptop. So it needs free wifi and accessible wall outlets with comfortable seating. I'm not sure if they had the wifi, but it was definitely a no-go on the wall outlets and seating.There was one table and bar like seating, but that's about it.It's one of those very "hole in the wall" types, so make sure this would be your grab-and-go kind of stop.2. I dont drink all that fancy coffee. I drink black coffee, thats it. No cream, no sugar... just, coffee. The coffee I got here was burnt and it was self serve, I dont know how fresh that is. Pretty disappointing. 3. I do like that they offer a vibe that reminds me of San Diego a bit, and that they support local art and bands which is pretty epic. Reminds me of the place that I used to live across the street from. I do want to return just to try their food, their sandwiches seem reasonably priced, and I'll update my review if and when it happens. I was soooo looking forward to liking this place, it just didnt happen.
4	Very laid back, friendly place.  I stumbled upon it this morning and decided to get a coffee and a breakfast burrito.  Coffee and food was good and they have free wifi I used to work on my laptop for a few hours.  The only bummer is there's no power plugs if you need power for your devices.
5	This is my favorite place!! I've been coming here for 3 months.  Its a small walk from my apartment.  I love the people that work here, they are so friendly and they always say hi to my son who is with me.  They really have excellent customer service and I love the frozen latte. Because of true brew Starbucks has become my backup place for coffee!! Love you guys!!
3	I'm still up in the air about this place. I've been here about three times in the last couple of months.  I was looking for a good coffee place because I no longer go to Starbucks and although I loved Dunkin' Donuts last couple times I was at their place the store it was filthy.  So I decided to practice what I preach and go locally owned.   The first time I went I got a some sort of mocha flavored coffee which was the most awful tasting thing I can't even describe it. However I decided to give it a second chance and I'm sort of glad I did because both times I got their ice coffee which was really good.  Some people have posted about their great menu but I looked all over the store didn't see any menus Iexcept what was behind the counter which just described coffee.  I know they have food because I could smell it unfortunately it always smells like garlic in there. Anyway because the ice coffee was good and it's a locally owned small business I'll keep going there
