4	I was here a few days ago and I had a good experience. I was able to find really cute baby clothes for my niece at a great price. They also had some great deals on sun dresses and on this particular day it was take an additional 40% off everything in the store.The men's section had a great selection of graphic tees and jeans. I was also asked if I was finding everything alright and the associates seemed like they were happy to help. At the register I was assisted right away and the cashier was very nice. Customer service was top notch. The only downfall was that the tables were a little bit messy from being over shopped but I know that it can be difficult to keep up on recovery at times so I will give them a break on that.I will be back.
4	You can get some pretty good deals at this Old Navy Outlet. We went here recently when they were having a clearance sale, where I got some tank tops for $1.49 each! They were also selling men's jeans for as cheap as $6, although more clearance jeans were in the $11-13 dollar range (Still a really good deal!). I generally don't have that much of a problem finding items in my size, and the sales associates and fitting room staff have always been very friendly.
2	Customer service is apparently non existent here. They open @10am Monday- Friday. I call at 10:15 to ask about a sale. No one answers...just keeps ringing & ringing. So I call again. Same thing! What a bunch of lazy individuals who can't pick up the damn phone! As for the store, its fairly picked out & they don't restock much it seems. Yet I go here because its the closest one to me. Maybe I should find another one..
3	Primarily went to Old Navy to pick up some flip flops to wear around AZ as guests, since they are cheap and were conveniently carried here at ON.The flip flops were easy to find, had many sizes and colors and were 2 for $5. The only con about this outlet ON was that it was crowded, cluttered and messy in comparison to other locations. There was about only 2 cashiers at the time while in like with 6 other people.Cheap prices, but not fantastic and pretty disorganized store.
2	I hate this location.I am still bitter that the Ahwatukee store closed. Always good service. Always well stocked. Easy in and out. Why or why?But here is why I hate the Old Navy (Outlet??):- How is it an outlet? Basically a regular Old Navy. Same prices and HORRIBLE clearance sections. Regular Old Navy stores have way better bargains in the clearance area.- No one appears to work there, except the one cashier helping the 15 people waiting in line. And he/she appears to be on day 2 and still training. - Stuff is everywhere. Same shorts in three different places in store. WTW?- Re-stocking appears to be a low priority. They rarely have the size I need.At this point, I only go in there to return items I bought online and do not want. And that process takes no less 20 minutes. This store clearly does not value customer's time.
1	Horrible customer service. Lines were so long and only 2 people working the registers.
