2	Pretty average.  Really a shame, because it's the only Thai place near my work.  The lunch special was really cheap too, and you get enough for 2 meals (only $5.35 for pad thai, veggie fried rice and a spring roll).  The pad thai was OK, but really nothing to write home about.   The panang curry was yucky and was not enough for 2 meals.  Also the iced coffee was weird tasting.   Service was good- I called in my order to pick up and it was waiting on the counter when I arrived.
2	Below average, but overall not too gross. I had the sweet and sour pork - something that is usually pretty much the same no matter where you go. The sauce was nice and the pork was quality meat. The fried rice was ok, but not great. I was disturbed, however, by the Thai iced tea. It tasted how pupperoni dog treats smell - kind of fake and meaty. I don't know about you, but that's not something I want in a beverage.
4	Great first impression! Very clean, tastefully decorated restaurant. Good food, moderate price. This is a humble, honest restaurant with laudable intentions, in my opinion. I rate this restaurant 4-stars, and on Yelp, that means "Yay! I'm a fan." This is a family-run restaurant located near UMC at Rancho and Charleston in the same shopping complex as a major grocery store and an HMO's Quick Care facility, among many other businesses. I gather this "Seating Capacity of 70" Mom-And-Pop-And-Son-And-Daughter style restaurant is jam packed during the week.I had Red Curry Beef, spicy 3/5, Cucumber Salad and Coke...about eleven bucks. Honestly, I prefer Red Curry at Sakun Thai (and even typing that makes my mouth water), but it was across town. This is a very clean, carefully and artfully decorated restaurant with attractive wood accents and furniture throughout. The food is, in my view, very good. If you want glitz and glam, you've come too far off The Strip.
1	Really Really bland and boring. Service blah, slightly rude. Drive a few blocks over to spring mnt. Gets lots of business for $5.95 lunch special from harried healthcare workers.
5	This place has great service food and prices. The lunch special is key.
1	WOW, change of ownership ruined this place.My friends and I go here for lunch every week, the last time we went, they had new menus and different staff- we assume there is new ownership. They lost my friends credit card, didnt offer to cover her meal, messed up orders, and took abotu 3 times as long as they usually do.. They were unapologetic about losing my friends card. Such a disappointment, they will no longer be getting our service.
4	Great restaurant/food and everytime I eat here I get wonderful service.  Proves to not ever judge a book by it's cover. (That's why it's missing a star)  Great prices, especially the lunch menu.  I only like two Thai restaurants in Vegas and this is one of them! =)
3	I don't know the history behind this place, but the 1 and 2 stars are just not deserved in my opinion.  Yeah, its not the best Thai of Vegas, but it isn't that bad!  I ordered the green curry 7.50, along with a Thai iced tea ($2.50).  The Thai iced tea was pretty good.  It was sweet and balanced with cream.  The green curry wasn't too bad at all.  I ordered it "Thai style", so I don't know if they make it differently normally.  The curry is not flashy with a lot of bamboo and a few thin slices of onion and red peppers.  The spiciness was above average in the flavor department.  The only complaint that I had was that the beef was too tough.  I let the friendly waitress know about this exception, so maybe they will up the quality of their beef.An funny story, I forgot to bring my wallet.  When I went to pay, I realized I didn't have any money!  I asked the waitress to hold my phone so I could go home and get my wallet... luckily I don't live very far from here.  The waitress smiled politely and didn't make any argument.  She was quite understanding.  I would like to come back here and try some more dishes.  I am hoping that they take my advice on the beef.  If they do, this could be quite a nice little spot.  There are a lot of Chinese dishes that I probably won't try, but it is still more authentic than the other (more popular) Thai restaurant in this area.  Give them a try!
4	My wife and I have went there twice now for lunch.  I love their panang curry, and my wife loves their food too!  I love the fact that they ask you how how you want your spicy food, and will kick it up a notch if you want.  The lunch special is worth it, and service is good.
4	2 years of eating in this shopping center and never walked in...Never Ever judge a book by it's cover...clean, friendly, great prices and the food was terrific...I will be back! The the only reason it didn't get 5 stars is it was my fist trip there... need to try more of their selections and starting st $5.95 for lunch that isn't going to be an issue!!! Great find if you work around this area...
3	I think the old chef was better than the newer one. I love their customer service. The boss was awesome!
4	Prices are a bit higher than what I'm used to. Standard items like fried rice and lunch specials are about $9.
3	Avg. Not terrible. I had the larb... It was close to delicious.
4	Great neighborhood thai place! I had the mint chicken at a 5 level of hottness and could have standed it a little spicier but it was still dang good! I have been here twice and both times it was almost empty, not sure how it stays in business with the lack of customers, but I wish it luck!
4	Support you local places...less than $10 inc. tip, for a great lunch where you can be in and out on 40 minutes...what's not to like! Great value, great service...
2	I haven't reviewed Pad Thai yet!? How is this even possible? I've referenced it in the past. I suppose that means a review is long past due.A few weeks ago I would have given Pad Thai a solid 3 stars. Maybe even a 3.5. But they let me down today. They let me down hard. It was never the greatest Thai restaurant. The food can be bland. But it was not bad though. The service was always quick and the price was right. It was a good choice for quick easy delivery. Today, however, told a different story. The prices of the lunch options have changed. There is now only a handful of lunches at the previous $5.95 price. Most now are $6 and change. I understand prices fluctuate. It is all part of inflation. But they also seem to have cut the portion. My Mongolian Beef had hardly any beef. It was mostly onion and sauce. It had more flavor than most anything else I've ordered from there. There just wasn't enough of it. And the delivery driver didn't have change. I'll be damned if I am going tip 30% on a delivery from two blocks away. So I gave him my credit card. He wrote the number and expiration date on the order slip and left. That reminds me, I should check my account and see if the correct charge is on there.I hate to cut them out of my life but Pad Thai is on my (insert explative here) list. I'm sure I'll be back. Some day.
4	This is the place that made me like Pad Thai noodle dish. I was never a fan of it till I tried theirs. When I lived in Vegas, I would stop by this place and enjoy good pad thai. I was in town last month and I made it a point to eat here but was I surprised. Not in a good way. The pad thai tasted different, bland and lacked flavor. So was the fried rice. Maybe it was just a bad day, maybe it was the understudy chef working the kitchen that day I dunno. But it still gets 4 stars because of my past experiences.
2	I had a hankering for thai food a couple weeks ago and found these guys on Yelp.  I ordered about 40 bucks worth of various dishes... shrimp pad thai, green curry chicken, spring rolls, a thai iced tea and I think that was it.  I don't remember all that well because most of the food went into the trash.  The iced tea was about the only thing that was exceptional.  Everything else was pretty much blah.  Not a lot of meat, and the curry was super greasy.  The pad thai was dry and tasted like it was anything but fresh.  My quest for GREAT thai food continues.  The one thing that surprised me is that when I went to pick up my order, their dining room was packed with lunch guests.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong dishes (???)
1	This place is terrible with the blandest of the bland pad thai. My husband and I checked out the place since we work and live in downtown and were looking for a good neighborhood restaurant. When we walked in, we should have been clued in immediately when we noticed the entire place was empty and it was during prime lunch hours.  Our suspicions were confirmed when two platefuls of pale looking noodles with nothing else but pale looking noodles stared back at our disappointed pale noodle hating faces. Never again, peddlers of bland noodles. How you stay in business is as much as a mystery as the Bermuda triangles.
5	Great food, great value, great service. I eat here about 5x a month - 3 lunches, two dinners. Complete lunch special - including small salad, soup, egg roll, fried rice and entree is only $5.95 - in an area where most sandwich shops charge that just for the sandwich. So lunch is usually pretty full - if you show up right at noon you will likely wait a few minutes for a table. Dinner is never a wait (in this area, that is true of all restaurants) and entrees run $8-12. Food is TASTY - best of the (10-12) Thai places I have tried in Las Vegas (most of which were much more expensive).Downside? It is in a strip mall by a grocery store, and has the ambiance you expect in a strip mall - not a place to take a first date you are trying to impress. But if you want tasty Thai food that is inexpensive, come here (like I have been doing for two years - can't believe I never reviewed it before, but I usually only Yelp on vacation). Stands the test of time.
2	Came here for lunch with a co-worker. They have $5.95 and $6.95 lunch special options. The lunch special comes with choice of egg drop or hot and sour soup, a salad, and an eggroll. I opted for hot and sour soup and ginger beef. 20 minutes later after placing our order, we didn't even get our soup or salad. People coming in after us were halfway through their meals. I flag down a waitress to inquire and she apologizes and walks away. The original waitress comes by and apologizes stating it was her fault because she forgot to put in THE ENTIRE ORDER. Shortly after our food comes through, hot & sour soup was the highlight. The ginger beef was bland with chewey pieces of beef. Do you think they offered anything to rectify their mistake and taking away 20 minutes of our lunch break? That would be no. The waitress tried to make fake niceties and small talk after. Bland food and careless staff.. no thank you.
4	Ordered the pad Thai and pad se ewe, level 4.  Both were good with perfect spice level for us. Would order the pad se ewe again. For a neighborhood Thai place, it is great.
5	I have eaten here for years on a regular basis. Chicken pad thai and the panang beef curry are some of my favorite meals in Vegas. The staff is friendly and learns what the "usual" orders are, it's one of the few places where I feel like they know me.
1	Pad Thai has effectively nailed themselves into a coffin and out of my life forever.  I was never much of a fan of them in the first place but their lunch specials were so affordable and delivery so quick.  The temptation was simply too hard to resist.  After the last two visits, though, my co-workers are on board with finding a new place to go for our Thai fix and for good reason.Reason 1, the last time I ordered the name sake dish, Pad Thai, off the lunch menu I received a mushy mass of noodles that were almost too hot for me to eat even though I ordered only a level 2 spice as I have in the past.  I crunched down on so many pepper seeds that I was starting to gag.  Then there were the pieces of I don't even know what that I could not crunch though at all.  It was like grains of sand.  I tossed most of that dish.  Thankfully they did give me a scoop of fried rice which I actually rather like.Reason 2, today's order was met with all kinds of disappointment.  One of my co-workers ordered Cashew Chicken with steamed rice as she always does.  And the last two or three times we have ordered she has received fried rice instead.  Luckily I did get steamed rice with my meal so I just switched out the rices for one another.  And the inaccuracies do not end there.  I ordered chicken egg foo young today.  I don't have a damn clue what I actually received.  It cerainly did not look like any egg foo young that I am used to.  And there was absolutely no chicken in it whatsoever.  What ever I got seemed more like a fried mash of thinly sliced onion rings.  And to top it off there was no gravy.  How do you have egg foo young withouth gravy?  It is even mentioned in the menu description for crying out loud.  But wait, there's more.  I received a large bowl of chicken soup with a thick broth, chicken, a few pieces of shredded carrot and some green onion.  It was tasty but I did not order it.  I guess some other poor soul is going to get a cup of gravy in place of their soup.Reason 3, Pad Thai has raised their prices a couple of times in the past year or so.  I understand inflation happens but they have coupled the price increase with a serving size decrease.  Why would anybody pay $1-$2 more for half the amount of food?  I would rather pay the higher prices at the places that give you more food.
5	Panang curry all day everyday!!  I love the daily lunch special and the staff is quick and friendly.  Try to make it here at least once a week.
4	This place is excellent! I have been here probably 8 times in the last three months and bad thing that has happened so far was that they only had white rice that day(one time, probably the third of fourth visit). As for the food, you can safely say that it's not the best but it is FAR from the worst. Everything I've eaten (currys, pad thai, phrik khing, hot and sour soup, sweet and sour pork, and more) was, to say the least, edible. The curry is spiced perfectly from my experience. The phrik khing's vegetables were fresh and crisp. Possibly the only dish I didn't really enjoy was the sweet and sour pork but I have come to expect sub par Chinese food from Thai, Korean, Japanese, and Vietnamese establishments. On the other end of the spectrum, the hot and sour soup is orgasmic. One of the most flavorful things I have ever had the privilege to put in my mouth. That being said, I give the food a 7/10. Although, if you factor in the competitive price, I might raise that to an 8.5/10. The last thing I wanna go over is the service. Every time I've been here it has been the same waitress who has always been polite and friendly while clearly doing her best to take care of my party. TL:DR fairly decent food at a pretty decent price. Also has super cute waitress.
5	Very good costumer service; clean facility: the food is really good, their Panang Curry and Pad See Ewe are one if my favorites. It's a must try; their lunch special are a really good deal as well only 6.95. To add to it they have a good delivery system nice and quick if you work close to the 89106 zip code.
4	Stopped in for take out to bring home my family something good for lunch.  Thought I'd give this place a try since I was in the area.  Although, I did not eat inside the restaurant everything from the outside looked clean and the person who took my order at the front was prompt.  Stepped out for a bit to do grocery at Smith's while food was prepared & before I knew it my order was good to go. Everything I ordered was tasty: panang chicken, combination pad see ewe, pad tofu, and steamed white rice.  These were family style entrees which could feed 4-6 depending on serving size. Had an excellent visit and the food I received was good for the price I paid, be back for more items next time!
3	I'm a Thai food foodie. Whenever I travel I seek out good Thai food. Pad Thai restaurant was recommended to me as having the best cashew chicken around. Cashew chicken is my goto dish for rating Thai food. Keep in mind that I'm rating this restaurant against some of the best. At Pad Thai, the service and decor was standard (fairly quick, nicely decorated). The Cashew Chicken was good but didn't have that "Wow! This is good" factor. Be careful with the spicy level - it's higher than you would think. A "one" is more like a level "three". All in all I would recommend going there if you're nearby and hungry for Thai food. Look for at least one more Thai food review from Las Vegas from me. Cheers!
4	For me, this place teeters between 3-stars to 4. Not the best thai in town. Not really sure to impress, but it's decent. I come here mainly for their lunch specials (Until 3PM daily I believe?). $6.95 for small salad, small soup, and you get to choose from their list of entrees like curry, pad thai, mongolian beef, and regular vegetable plate. Don't expect dinner-sized portions here for lunch! Portion control is pretty awesome here. Their penang curry is decent. Not the best I've had, but it feels like a home-cooked meal at my mom's house. My spicyness levels for my curry always come out just right. Flavorful. Lately, the lunch special one has been a bit smaller than normal though...The vegetable dishes are a miss for me. Lean, cook pork slices with broccoli, chinese cabbage, and carrots are healthy and perfect for the dieters or light lunch crowd. But it's bland, boring. Again, reminds me of good home-cooking of a classic, ubiquitous asian dish. These dishes are not really meant for customers to be blown away or to be ordered to be 'wowed'. It's honest offerings of a culture. The service is pretty good! They always come back to check up on you and refill your drinks. I'm a total water-drinking fiend when it comes to the curry. I'm a total bitch when it comes to spicy foods. I always leave pleasantly full after lunch here. It's so close to everywhere I need to go.  It helps that my food always comes out in a flash when I'm in a rush. I haven't seen this place super busy because I've always come at the tail end of lunch rush (right when lunch specials is about to end at 3pm). But, I've heard this place does get super packed from the people in the medical offices nearby. I'd rather spend money here than fast food. Quick, convenient, the prices are unbeatable for what the food is. I've liked the food here, but some dishes are hit-or-miss. Definitely not a place to impress that cute copy chick you've been waiting to ask out on a date. But, maybe after you make her your girlfriend and you guys just want to order cheap thai takeout and chill out all night watching Game of Thrones reruns. Pad Thai is perfect for that, and that's okay.
1	Worst Thai food I've ever had. First time I tried them the food was bad, but I gave them the benefit of the doubt, unfortunately it was just as bad. I even ordered something different.
2	I have to find a better place closer when I work near this location.  I keep settling which is not like me. Each time I come back the food is of poor quality and never seems completely to recipe.  Service is lacking.
4	First time here today. The pad Thai and cashew chicken was great! The atmosphere was quiet and the servers were very attentive. A very clean and crisp restaurant, and definitely recommended.
3	No frills hole in the wall Thai restaurant. Have been by here a few times, because it is really close to my office. The main attraction here are the lunch specials that run Monday through Friday from 11 am to 3 pm where you can grab a lunch entree, egg roll and soup for $6.95. Have only been here for dinner once and thought the regular menu was pretty decent and the prices were generally under 10 bucks. I had the pad see ewe ($7.95) and although it wasn't a giant portion, it was enough to fill me up. Overall the food here is good, but there are definitely better Thai places around town. For the convenience and price though, this place will do whenever I'm at work or in the area.
4	This place was recommended by fellow Yelper Michelle J. and what a good recommendation it was. We walked in right as they opened at 11 o'clock. We were greeted and seated promptly and provided with menus. They have  a good selection of $6.95 lunch options.  I opted for the Sweet and Sour Chicken. The lunch special comes with a small little salad and soup in addition to an egg roll. The portion size of the entree was good and it was served hot and fresh. Lunch for two with beverages was less than $19 out the door (not including the tip). Word on the street is they get really busy during the lunch rush. Get there before noon and that shouldn't be an issue. I will definitely return and try another dish on the menu. Solid meal and solid service. I'd give it a solid three and a half stars and have no problem rounding up.
4	This place is hidden in the back of a large shopping so you've probably driven by and not even realized it. They have $7 lunch specials that are very filling and yummy. I had the chicken Pad Thai. The heat-o-meter was painfully deceptive! I like heat in my food but decided to be cautious and ordered a Level 1 (their scale is 1-5, rather than 1-10 like most places). Level 1 gave quite a bit of heat. It wasn't bad, but I wasn't prepared for that much heat. I think I'll order it plain next time but I will most definitely return! Lunch for 2 with drinks for less than $20? Can't go wrong there! Down side? Very few employees so if they get busy then you might be waiting a bit.
5	Thank you fellow yelpers. In Vegas for work and looking for a good local place to have lunch. Checked yelp under best restaurants and this place popped up. The 5 star reviews are spot on. Here is what I had and reviews:Panang curry with beef - very tender beef with no fat. Panang was great and tasty and with a spicy of #3 it was perfect. After 3 or 4 bites the heat built up on my tongue. Tom Ka soup with shrimp - very deep flavor with onions, tomatoes, chicken, mushrooms.  Some of the best Tom Ka soup I have ever had. Pineapple fried rice - never thought raisins in the rice would work but outstanding flavor. Pineapples, cashews, shrimp, roast pork, carrots and scallions this was a delicious mix of Flavors. One note is that if you order the lunch special the portion is small. Didn't matter because I ordered so much food but if I just had the lunch special I might have needed to order more.
