5	Hot damn!  If you want more bang for your buck, make the drive out here!  I would say that this Chinese buffet is comparable if not better than Pacific Seafood Buffet, which is one of my favorite restaurants.  The quality of food is fresh and delicious!  I ate everything on my plate!  I tried one of each sushi - all excellent, one with orange sauce was ridiculously spicy and tasty!  The baked crab on the crab shell has haunted my dreams; it was that good!  The tempura vegetables were absoultely delicious - Grade A quality!  All food was hot and fresh; waiter service for drinks was courteous and prompt.  Excellent price!  Lunch with soft drinks was less than $10 and I was full enough to skip dinner!  :)
5	Definately very good. food are fresh, selection good, priced resonablly. Among one of the best Oriental buffet I've seen.
3	sure this place has decent food,  but i have to say its crammed in there and to tell you the truth, i dont like to listen to other peoples conversation  much less smell their freaking perfume. the selection was small and the bill higher than expected. probably will not return. in my list of buffet's this ranks in at 5
5	No question about it, this is hands down the best Chinese buffet in the state of Arizona. When we visit family in the area, we always have dinner here two or three times. The selection is excellent, everythng is hot and delicious, and the service is great. If you go here during the winter, expect crowds of snowbirds, but we have never had to wait more than a few minutes.
5	I was on Yelp looking for some good places to eat , someplace with good reviews.    And I ran across this place.  Now, it was quite a ways to drive, but I figured, what the heck.  It was, without a doubt, the best Chinese Buffet I have ever been to.  The food is fresh and cooked just right.  The sushi bar is really good and fresh.  The fresh fruit is pentiful and fresh.  Even the baked steamed fish is good.  I am a big crab puff person, and the amount of filling in these was amazing.  I will go back to this place over and over again.  Anyone reading this, it's worth the drive!
1	Just plain disgusting.
4	This buffet is pretty amazing. So amazing that we drive over 20 minutes and come with a game plan on how to eat more than 4 plates of food. Eastern buffet has all the basic chinese favorites plus sushi and a stir fry  station. Prices aren't bad and service is friendly. So bring your appetite and your stretchy pants and have a great time stuffing your face!
5	Don't have enough good things to say about this place.  We don't like Chinese buffets normally because many times food has set too long.  This places was amazing!  Everything was hot, fresh and tasty.  We've only been once and that was on a Friday night.  We pigged out on clams, crab legs and shrimp and so many other good items.  All I can say is FANTASTIC.  We'll be back!
4	I am not ordinarily a fan of Chinese buffets..but wow.. this one breaks the mold !! The best ever, I've been to.Everything freshly prepared and served hot because of the popularity of this place. They have huge turnover but rarely do you have to wait for a table.Imagine all you can eat seafood.. crab legs, shrimp prepared in maybe 5 different ways, many unbreaded and stir fried with crunchy veges, shellfish of every type, a sushi bar as well, and Mongolian grill, where you can load up your own plate and have it stir fried while you wait.Really a treat and I highly recommend you give it a try.
3	Very good food and organized service. They also serve beer, wine, ect. The only problem is that their deserts are awful and the ice cream scoops sitting in dirty water is really gross. If they get some cheesecake or something, this would be the ultimate buffet.
4	Came here last night, had about a 20 min wait.. well worth it!  Crablegs were plentiful, and all of the buffet items were full and very hot! This place is better than pacific, doesnt have all of the items of pacific, but they dont ration out the crablegs , and the food items they do have are better tasting! And the dinner price is 12.95!
4	very good food, the person that said the place was just plain disgusting must be the competition.They have "prime rib" on the buffet, now i'm not sure if this is actually prime rib but if it is its the toughest piece of meat i've ever had, that is my only compliant...everything else is wonderful and a huge selection, one thing I would suggest is making sure the labels above the food match what is in the trayWatch out in the winter time the snowbirds flock to this place and you will usually have a wait at least on friday's and saturday's
5	Don't have enough good things to say about this place.  We don't like Chinese buffets normally because many times food has set too long.  This place was amazing!  Everything was hot, fresh and tasty.  We've only been once and that was on a Friday night.  We pigged out on clams, crab legs and shrimp and so many other good items.  All I can say is FANTASTIC.  We'll be back!
1	food was soggy and stale.  I've had worse before but this is definately bad.
1	Yuck is all I can say. The food looked like it was all dried up an then to top it off I found a huge black hair in my noodles. Worst buffet I have ever been to!
5	Awesome service, great food, I always get the crab legs and sushi, the honey walnut shrimp is very good also. Get there early for dinner, cause all the tables are full, even during the week. Servers very fast the refill your drinks and take away your finished plates. Will be coming back again. Don't know why there are 1 star reviews on here. Have never had a bad experience at this buffet.
3	4 stars for the service, 2 stars for the foodI joined my aunt and her in-laws here for dinner over the weekend and it is pretty much your average Chinese Buffet. We were seated right away and got up to look at our food selections. I started with a bowl of hot and sour soup and some wontons and egg rolls, all of which were pretty unforgettable. Second round I had some orange chicken, bourbon chicken, and fried rice. Again, standard fare. Last trip I grabbed some sweets; chinese fried donuts and a slice of cake. The chinese fried donuts were probably the best thing I had that evening. My guests chowed down on crab legs which they enjoyed - but I wasn't in the seafood mood so I didn't have any. The service was great though - my water glass was never full and our server was glad to grab us items we may have forgotten before we sat down. Personally, I wouldn't come back but it is a pretty popular spot.
5	So we all know that Chinese buffets are every where these days. But this one really is the best one I've been to. The crab legs are awesome here, seriously. The rest of the buffet has a large selection. The mongollian grill could be expanded but it passes for good. You will usually have to wait for a table, but don't fret, that just means that the food will be fresh for you! the place is bright, clean and up to date. This should be your choice for all you can eat Chinese.
1	Its lousy and its cold and bland, its horrible, the only good thing about this place i an in and out burger next to it so.you can get a real mealfor your money.
4	All their food was hot, fresh, consistent and just delicious! Their service was good enough for a buffet, and they even have Kilt Lifter.
3	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =The name of this restaurant is "#1 Eastern Super Buffet"!  Yelp has two headers for it now, both with the wrong name!  This Review is from our visit on 8/29/11:Robyn N. & Mike C. joined me today, & both of them have been here before as well.  Meanwhile, #1 Eastern here has changed hands recently.  There aren't any major changes, & they still have the same Mongolian BBQ fellow.  He's good, but they have reduced the meat choices from 6 to 5 though, & the place has slipped a little overall in other ways as well.  For examples, the BBQ grill had to be started AFTER Robyn & I presented plates to be cooked, somewhat after opening time, leading to a long wait for our food to be cooked.  Why didn't they fire up the grill BEFORE they opened?  Did they think they wouldn't have any customers?  Actually, they DID have fewer than any of the other times I have been here, but things were going well enough by the time we left around noon.A couple of other missteps today were that they didn't keep the sauces, such as the Egg Foo Young gravy stirred, the Kim Chee was too salty, & the chocolate & vanilla soft ice creams  were backwards in the machine.As I keep an eye on nearly 200 buffets around the state & watch them either gradually fail, these are the small details that I have seen grow & grow.  Pretty soon you are seeing empty serving trays, lukewarm "hot" food, & then before long, a "CLOSED" sign.  Take Great China Super Buffet at Bethany Home & 15th Av. for instance.  It opened at 5 Stars, everything right!  Then, it was down to 4, then 3, now it's closed.  Hometown Buffet in Scottsdale is another place on the same path.  It was great for that kind of place, 5 Stars!  Then it was 4, then 3, & only 2 the last time I visited.  Poor selection of food, empty trays, snarky employees, missing tableware, poor food temperature control, & so on...  a place now begging to go out of business!  Customers gone?  Of course!  Who wants to still go to a place like that?  The only reason it was still open the last time I went seemed to be because it is owned by the parent company, & both the building & land are paid off so they don't need much business to limp on.  Otherwise, I think it would have been gone a long time ago.Meanwhile, in the past year we have seen certain buffets such as Crazy get BETTER, & terrific new ones open, such as Hibachi Grill (2 open, 2 more under construction).You have to stay ON TOP OF THINGS at a restaurant, & #1 Eastern is down to 3 Stars right now, as I see it.  Let's hope they give it a little tune-up before it's too late.  They used to have a line out the door waiting for available seating at 11:30 AM, including on weekdays!Lunch Buffet $7.99,$7.20 Sr.
1	This, unfortunately is going to be a negative review. I had only been here once and i do not plan on returning due to my experience that i had. Let me explain. The day started with me and my roommate looking for something to eat. We were super hungry and there were many choices in the area, Signal Butte and Baseline, as some people may know. In the end, we ended up deciding to go the buffet since we were starving. We also didn't have much money at the time so we also wanted to check the price to see if it was fair. So we stroll in, they day happened to be a Sunday unfortunately, you will understand why i say it's unfortunate in a second. So we go inside and look for the menu for pricing. After looking around at all the walls like goofs for a good minute or so and not being able to the menu we decide to ask the hostess for the price of "2 adults". Notice the quotation marks? Without even looking at us she said in a rude voice that made it seem that we interrupting her from just standing. "13.some dollars !" ( cannot recall the exact price). After some quick math, and calculating the tax in, we concluded that 7 dollars each was a fair price. After being seated we soon recognized that we were the first customers of the day. The location had just opened for the day and we were going to be the first people to eat the "fresh" food. After being seated and asked what we would like to drink we went into the lines. After filling my plate and taking my seat I took my first bite of food. I'd say the temperature was between cold and room temperature. As a teenager who was still starving though i was able to finish my plate even though it had become highly unappetizing. I had really expected the food to be hot and steaming since they had just opened but boy was I wrong. After that first plate i stood up and went to go see what i should get this time, what i noticed was a lot of sea food, which is not necessarily bad besides the fact that i was highly allergic to shellfish. So no crab legs, shrimp, and those sushi rolls for this guy!  So after walking around the buffet for a bit i ended up getting the same thing as my first plate but smaller because i was still concerned by them temperature of the food. Luckily this time my food was just under room temperature, which happened to be an improvement. However I started feeling queasy and my appetite had disappeared. I was really upset because normally I'm the type of guy that would like 8 plates worth of food, but that day was just 1.5 plates. The waiter was nice but even his niceness could not fix how i felt about the place. So i just sat for a bit after finishing my half plate thinking if i was going to get more because you know buffets ain't cheap but i could not stomach the food and I had already began feeling sick. So we get the check and BOOM! 28$+!!!!  I seriously did a double take. Thinking the price could not have been correct and there must have been an error i look at my receipt and there it said "13.?? per adult"  had i known it would going to be that much i would have ordered 10 burgers from In-n-Out! I understand that it is not so much but sincerely felt that i had been cheated.   So we look again for the menu hoping to find the answers to our questions and we finally found it. It was in such a bad location it was no wonder we could not find it before. The reason why it was priced like it were Mother's day dinner time was that they were serving unlimited crab legs that day... -_-...The thing I could not eat or else i would die made the price 2x the amount i originally thought it was. So i basically wasted 30 dollars on food that was cold, dry, and possibly dangerous. Next time I feel like going to this buffet, I am going to punch myself in the face and drive to Olive Garden and spend less money on 10x better food. Have a good day.
5	Best Chinese food in the valley! They have the best food, the biggest selection and the greatest service. I don't think I have ever had to ask for a drink refill in all my times at their establishment. My family and I have a monthly tradition of visiting ESB and without regret! They are friendly, courteous and on point. We always leave a great tip, and for a reason.
5	This is my go to place for when I need an unlimited supply of Chinese food. Great selection, great food and they never let your glass go empty. They are quick to clean up the table so you have enough room. Nice and courteous. The best part is, they always make sure there is not an empty tray of food. Just writing this makes me want to go back!!!
4	I don't even like buffets but I must say, this one is really good!  We sometimes order the sushi to go which is always good as well.  The inside needs updating but other than that, good food!
5	Omg! I hardly ever write reviews but this place was fantastic!  It's going to be our new favorite Chinese restaurant.
2	Been here before several times. Did it's usual ok. Came tonight, (don't come for dinner). It's like the whole state of Minnesota is here. The food didn't taste that great this time either. Sushi rice was dry. Tea tasted like water. Not happy.
