5	I have to say that I'm thoroughly impressed with the service and quality of the food here.  Having just opened up here in Tempe, I assumed that when my co-workers and I decided to go here for lunch that we would encounter issues:- No Parking- Massive Lines- Waiting forever for food that would be cold by the time we got itI was rewarded for my pessimism with parking attendants who directed us right to a parking spot.  The line was long but we all had our food in less than 10 minutes.  The staff was smiling and very helpful.The food....It was awesome.  I got the Italian Beef with hot peppers and it was phenomenal!  I'm pretty sure I inhaled it without chewing enough it was that good.  Contemplated getting another sandwich but then thought the better of it. I will definitely be coming back, but it will be difficult to try the other menu items since the Italian Beef was so good
4	We went the grand opening day afternoon.I tried the hotdog with everything. (around $3)  Pretty decent price and good portion of food. I am impressed by the fresh ingredients. Every bite is very flavorful. Saw Mr Dick Portillo walk by in a purple shirt. May God bless him and open more awesome restaurants.
5	9/23 NOTE:  It's great to see that Yelp HQ has now pulled down the fake reviews for this brand new Portillo's, all posted before it even opened!  Now Greg M. has the credit he deserves for "First to Review"!= = = = = =Ok, so I dropped in to give it a try for lunch on 9/12, joined by Chicago food & Portillo's expert, Robyn N.     :-)The big dining room here is just like the one in Scottsdale.  I went with an Italian Beef Sandwich, a bowl of chili topped with cheese & diced onion, and a regular Chicago style hot dog.  Everything was terrific, as expected, including the friendly, perky service!     :-))We arrived at 11 AM & didn't wait too long to order or receive our food, & tables were available.  By a few minutes later, though, the place was packed with customers, the ordering line was long (although the staff members were moving fast to try to accomodate everybody), & it was VERY LOUD in there!  That's all just part of the fun with this place though, as those of us who have been going to the Scottsdale location (also new this year) already know.Driving out, a good number of Tempe PD officers were stationed around the place directing parking traffic in and out!  That's what a hit this place is, & it's no surprise really, with their great menu, delicious food and reasonable prices!     :-))Italian Beef $5.25, Bowl of Chili $2.99, Hot Dog $2.59.
2	One of the irritating inevitabilities about living in The Valley is eventually being unable to escape some douchebag who migrated here from ANY OTHER METROPOLITAN AREA, and drones on incessantly about how much better things are "BACK HOME."Chicagoans might very well be the worst.Enter Portillo's.Know somebody from Chicago? (Who doesn't? They're everywhere. Like cockroaches.) Ask them about Portillo's, and you'll never get them to shut up. "Dis is da gratess hot dug effer." "you kain't git hot dugs like dis in Feenix." "I'd keel yoo for a Portillo's"On and on.It's a hot dog guys, nothing more, nothing less. You'd do just as well from a CART GUY ON A DOWNTOWN STREET CORNER.We arrived at the new Tempe location and parking situation was a clusterf**k-zoo, which I can't see getting any better any time soon. Portillo's DID have staff poised in the lot to assist, but they seemed just as confused as most of the drivers.Inside? Holy Crap. Cavernous and full. Very busy, very loud and very colorful. Portillo's has a standard walk up counter for ordering, but today we were greeted by order takers who would then hand back our written orders to give to the people behind the counter. After paying, you are given a number and guided to the other end of the restaurant to wait at an "order up" counter. BTW, the lady working the mike and calling order numbers was extremely irritating, sounding like a carnival barker and, for some reason, feeling it was necessary to add a rhyming quip to every number called.I think this Portillo's was purposely over-staffed because it was grand-opening week, and they were still working out the kinks.ONE KINK IN SERIOUS NEED OF A WORK OUT was delivery and presentation. we ordered 2 JUMBO CHILI DOGS, 1 LARGE CHEESE FRY AND A LARGE ROOT BEER. We waited 20 minutes and what we got was a soggy lukewarm mess. We were confused as to why were asked "for here, or to go" when we ordered, as, even though we clearly stated we were dining in, we were handed a paper sack of food and a drink TO GO.Chili dogs don't wrap in paper very well. So what we unwrapped was a couple of smashed, room temperature messes with half the chili sticking to the paper wrapping. The dog was only ok, the chili generic, and they were a little too generous with the onions, but like I said before, "HEY IT'S JUST A HOT DOG." In this instance, a hot dog with absolutely nothing special going on. The cheese fries were hot and tasty with the cheese served on the side (again, in a to go cup). Not nearly enough cheese to satisfy the large order of spuds though, and I later noticed it was the same sized cup of cheese that came with the small order of fries too.I would discount this place as just another not worth it FRANCHISE OF THE "BACK-HOMERS," and the parking situation really does need a fix. But just as we were finishing up, I spied a rather frail elderly lady hoisting a ITALIAN BEEF, and man, did she look happy. Happy enough, in fact, to make me want to go back to Portillo's and give it another shot, this time with the ITALIAN BEEF.However, if you're just looking for a hot dog to throw down for lunch, see the guy on the street corner and avoid the Portillo's hassle.After all, IT'S JUST A HOT DOG.***********************************************************************UPDATE ALERT!!!***********************************************************************9/21/13Ok....went back and tried that Italian Beef I referred to earlier. Nope. Nothing special. Not bad, not great. There are a lot of "CHICAGO JOINTS" in The Valley. So far, none can hold a candle to LUKE'S Italian Beef.Just as many employees as the first time, but, even though Portillo's was much less crowded than the first time I went (is the luster really wearing off that fast?), the employees seemed even less organizedOnce again, our food took a little too long to come, and was, once again packed TO GO even though we specifically, ONCE AGAIN, said we were dining in.Overall, after 2 trips to Portillo's, nothing special or worth the crowd, wait time, or parking hassle.
4	It was okay. The environment was awesome but the food well... Meh. It is definitely a hot dog place because their chili dog was on point. Good place to bring your family to.
3	Went for dinner tonight with the wife and kids. This place just opened three or four days ago and was absolutely packed! It also didn't help that it was about an hour before ASU - Wisconsin kicked of at Sun Devil Stadium about a mile down the road in Tempe. Service was amazing. But with the approximately 70 employees I saw, anything less would have been unacceptable. Shit, I counted about 15 management and corporate types alone all gathered around patting themselves on the back. Unfortunately, the service is where the amazing ended. Food was...average. One of our daughters wanted chicken tenders, and they were among the worst I'd ever had. Onion rings sucked too. My wife and I each had a jumbo and they were ok - but certainly nothing even remotely close to special. If you're looking for better, it shouldn't be too hard to find. Ted's in Tempe has far better dogs and onion rings. And if it's Chicago dogs you're looking for, Jimmy's at 40th and B-way is vastly superior.
4	So with all the hype in Scottsdale -another Portillo's has opened in Tempe for us East Valley peeps!All I can say is what a fun and sassy place it is! While we drove into the parking lot we saw some officers directing traffic which made it nice. Once we were parked, we were impressed with all the outside seating with misters.... Everyone knows it's HOT here!When we walked in we were overwhelmed with all the people and quickly realized that we needed to get in line to order. While we stood there a man came up and asked us if we were ready to order, and I said no since I hadn't even had a chance to look at the menu :? So he quickly got us a menu and we decided and got in line to be greeted by a wonderful young lady who tool our order on a bag! Than we were handed our bag and headed to the line to check out. Less than 5 second wait and we stepped into the Pick up line.... Daughter went to the Salad line to get her Salad :)Within approximately 4 minutes they called our random number for our food and off to the table we went!We all dug into our food!  I had the Italian Beef (DIPPED!), with mozzarella and onions and a side of onion rings. Hubby had the Hot dog with mustard, yellow onion, and pickle, along with a Combo Beef and Char-Grilled Sausage and a side of fries. DD got the Garden salad, and DS got Chicken Tenders and Fries....I enjoyed mine a lot! Very flavorful. I do think the onion rings might need a different type of batter, just not the way I like them. Hubby loved his completely! I think the fries could have been cooked or browned a little more - Personal preference....DD loved her salad, very fresh!DS did not care for his chicken fingers :(  Next time I asked him to try something else :)Over all I think this is a great addition to the area. I had the opportunity to talk to Sharon (owner) and saw Dick Portillo walking and mingling with guests. You can see they are taking a lot of pride int heir new establishment and I can't wait to come back to Portillo's!
1	"Hi welcome to Portillos!" Try the salt its great! "we can even give you a beef sandwich or fries to go with that yummy salt" while we prepare your tasty salt bombs you can wait ............................over............there, yes by all those other people, listen careful for your number, and please don't sit till we give you your food, no matter how long that's going to take". I couldn't wait for Portillos to open and after lunch today I feel I was duped!!! It wasn't the plentiful and polite staff, or the Disney esque big top meets roadhouse interior, it wasn't what seemed like reasonable prices, or even the hoards of crowds most restaurants only dream of.Alas it all came down to element number 1, The food. I had a hot dog with everything. This shy dog wasn't too shy with the celery salt, it completely over powered all other flavors. As for the texture of that barker it was so soggy the bun seemed to drip off, and the peppers so tough I had to take them out of my mouth. The pickle on it was far bigger then the frank that just seems like reckless pickling!My beef sandwich was amongst the worst I have ever had, The meat was dry and mealy, The bread was lame, crunchy on the outside and almost as wet as the dripping hot dog paste bun on the inside. What struck me hardest was the massive dose of SALT!!!! Yikes I even like salt. I couldn't get back in line and wait twenty minutes to try over, so my lunch today hit the trash can!!!!I may have caught them on a bad day, it was certainly a busy one, but my first try will be my only try. There are better options around town and with less circus!!!
3	It was good.  The burger tasted charbroiled and delicious.  The onion rings were crispy and great.  The drive thru was awkward  and a little uncomfortable...forced conversation as three young men stand by your car as you wait for your order..... But they were very nice and professional.... Get the poor guys a car port so they aren't melting on the az heat!
2	I HATE having to leave this review because the Portillos in Scottsdale blew me away when I first heard of this chain. My 1st visit to this Portillos in Tempe, was this past weekend. I was super excited for I was traveling from QC to Scottsdale and new this location had just opened and I had to pass it to get to my friends house! Why not try it out since the other location is out of the way and FAR from me! I was soooo super excited I think I may have exceeded the speed limit to get there! LOL! The drive through was pretty thorough and awesome when I arrived. You had very nice (but crazy people, because they are standing outside all day in this heat) taking your order. I ordered my norm, chili cheese hot dog and chili chesses fries. My ordered was confirmed by at least 3 different people walking down the drive through taking orders and by the person who collects payment; they were all very nice and quick. I pulled up to the last person who brought me my order (even repeated my exact order back to me), super happy my order came out before the 2 cars ahead of me (how nice and fast) left the drive through and rushed to my friends to devour my delicious food. When I got home and opened up my bad of deliciousness I was completely disappointed!!! Immediate sad face! I received the wrong order! You know the feeling you get when your parents tell you you're going to Disneyland and they end up taking you to the doctor instead? It felt like that, the build up of awesomeness, then the tremendous sadness in the end! I was so sad and frustrated, for you are looking forward in enjoying a delicious meal and you receive an order you don't even want. I received a regular hot dog with mustard.... it would have been fine and I wouldn't be upset if I liked mustard, if I liked mustard a tiny bit, but I completely cant stand the taste of mustard, I hate it. I tried scraping the mustard off the hot dog and throwing the bun away, but it still had its mustard taste, so I tossed it! My chili cheese fries ended up being normal fries, so I ate those and pouted! I know things happen in the drive through ever now and then, it was just frustrating for my order was repeated to me so many times, there was no way I felt I even needed to check it before I left the drive through. Then getting all the way home to eat it and it not being the right order is just frustrating. It's a waste of money and then a waste of gas to drive back to get my correct order. I will try to give Tempe another chance if I am in the area and checking my order every time will be a must now! You wont find me driving out of my way to try it again though :(
5	It's Portillo's...you get the Italian Beef or the Chopped Salad.  Both are amazing!  It's what you crave when you are from Chicagoland.
1	I honestly didn't care for this place in Chicago but I figured I would try it out. Not only did their food suck like usual..they got my order COMPLETELY wrong. Needless to say.. I will not be going back.
4	My experience at this Portillo's was 10x better than at the N. Scottsdale location. Maybe they learned from that opening? But I found the quality to be much better. We must have missed the dinner rush because I quickly found a parking spot and there wasn't a wait to order. We walked in and they had some workers out in the ordering area taking pre-orders. I decided to try the italian beef sandwich and the boy got the italian sausage sandwich and a chili dog. We shared an order of fries. You order and then walk down the ways to wait for your order to be called. It took about 5 minutes to get our food (fast - too fast?) We got our condiments and dug in. I really liked my sandwich, get it with the hot peppers if you're into it. The fries were crisp and perfectly salted. My one complaint is that the sandwich was probably sitting so some of the bread was soggy. My bf thought the hot dog was okay. In my opinion all hot dogs are "okay" unless we're talking about Short Leash so take that with a grain of salt. We ended with a chocolate cake shake that my boyfriend hadn't yet experienced the delights of - he tried to drink it all so that's that. I'll be back
4	Service, service, service. It is the star here. Of course I expect that to change over time, no business is going to survive with 4 people working outside the drive thru or 2 people handing out menus to people as they walk in. Food wise for Chicago style dogs, italian beef, etc I would rather have locally owned Luke's or Taylor Street with one exception, the chocolate cake shake is awesome but as I said the other food is just average, nothing outstanding.
3	Looove a good Chicago dog so decided to try it out. Just as others have said, the food here is fine, good, average. The jumbo dog was good, but nothing special. I can truthfully get a better hot dog right down the street or at any Costco.I also got the Italian beef. That was better, but again, nothing to write home about. chocolate malt was good. I ordered the large which is enough for 3 people. I will probably go back, but don't see it being a regular stop. Worth a try to figure out yourself.
3	I'm not gonna lie, I mean, this place wasn't half bad but there's definitely some room needed for improvement. I'll give it a few months and it'll be an amazing restaurant. But anywho, I went to the new Tempe location, it's super nice (at least from the outside), and I love that there is a drive-thru! The waitresses were really nice and quick and our food came fast so that was awesome. I had the Halibut fish sandwich. I mean, it tasted pretty average. Very similar to a Wendy's fish sandwich. On the downside, it was really messy. Way to much mayo and tartar sauce, I literally couldn't wipe it off with a napkin. But the fries and onion rings were awesome and my boyfriend loved the Italian Beef sandwich with sweet peppers and the breaded chicken on croissant. This place is really cool, I will just give it some time to get itself established :)
2	Every time I go to Chicago, I try to hit Portillos at least once. I was so happy they opened some here. Our first visit to the N. Scottsdale store was so-so. The staff was good and the food as expected, but not impressive. The Tempe store just opened a few weeks ago so my son and I decided to go. We should have gone to Smash burger around the corner. First, the place is on the NE corner of McClintock and Rio Salado. It is NOT really attached to Tempe Marketplace unless you park by the Imports store and walk through the breezeway to the restaurant. if you go, do this, because the parking lot is a total disaster. The lanes are too narrow for two cars to pass each other, so when (not if) somebody ignores the arrows and goes the wrong way, everything gridlocks. If you drive a pickup, don't park there, as it takes a 50 point turn to back out of the narrow spaces. After parking my truck in a spot more sized for for a smart, we walked all the way around the drive thru (which should have been on the other side of the store) and through the patio with too many tables to the line at the cash register. They have two lines, and a nice big easy to read menu on the wall. the problem is, there is a lady standing there that hands you a menu in size 4 font and expects you to figure out what you want before going to the register and while she is suggesting stuff to eat. I was told " Please step aside while you make your selection, as the lines grow pretty fast. I don't want you to feel rushed." Really. At that point I felt rushed, told her so, and after looking behind me to see NOBODY in line but us, I walked up to the register, ordered something quickly without looking at the whole menu, and then stood in the throng of people at the pickup counter waiting for their numbers to be called, because you CAN NOT hear them in the dining room area. I guess they don't want you to get a table until your hands are full of trays of food. I can understand not taking a table while your family waits in line, but once you order, it's fair game. The Chicago Dog was bang-on perfect, the burger, was sort of bland. I'll go back, but only for lunch, and not for a dog or a burger, Teds Hotdogs beats Portillos, and Smashburger and Burger Rehab are the only place to go for a burger in this town. If you're gonna enter a new market, be sure you bring what makes you good at home.
1	Let me start by saying I was introduced to Yelp, August of this year while vacationing in Seattle. It made a great vacation better by giving me directions and ratings of restaurants in an unknown territory. Thank you Yelp.Unfortunately, for my first post, I must comment on a most unpleasant experience I had today at Portillo's hot dog. I've only heard rave reviews about this "Chicago iconic hot dog palace", so I had to try it for myself. I decided today would be the perfect day since I was having company over for the game. I drove to the Tempe Market Place location from South Phoenix, ordered, paid and picked up my order then headed home.To my disappointment, items I ordered were not included in my take home package. I called Portillo's and explained my situation to the lady that answered the phone and she said " Let me get my manager" and placed me on hold. When the manager got on the phone , I explained my situation to him stating "I ordered items that are not in my bag." The manager asked me for my receipt number so I told him. He then asked me to hold while he checked on it. He returned on the line and quickly apologized. He then asked "Do you want to come back so we can make it right?" I said "no, I live too far to come back!" Did I mention there was a charity run going on in Tempe. This is important because the normal three lanes were shut down to one lane for traffic making it a nightmare. The manager then said, not very kindly, "Then what do you want me to do, I can contact our corporate office and they can send you a coupon." At this point I felt the conversation was not going in a good direction, so I said "Thats ok, I don't think I'll be returning." The manager then responded "Then there is no reason to continue this conversation." So I said " You're right" and hung up my phone.Maybe next time they are fronted with this situation, they might offer to refund the money for services not rendered. Just a thought. I wasn't asking for anything I didn't pay for just what I did pay for. In my opinion, this is poor customer service.
4	So like most places I've discovered here in the vally, it was either by found by accident or recomended. I've been told about Portillos but never went, even  though its down the street from my place and on the way home from class. Anyhow, so I decided to stop in and check the place out.First of all, its in a high traffic area, so you can't miss it. The parking lot is a bit strange,  if you have a large truck or even a lifted Jeep it may be tight getting into some of the spots. It was busy inside, and the staff was friendly.  My order was taken quickly, just a simple chilli chesse dog, fries and a Coke. It took a little longer than I expected for my order to come up, but as I said, the place was busy. As for for the hotdog it self, it wasn't bad. Could have made the same thing at home for three quarters less, but what ever. It would be a good spot to stop for lunch with a group.
4	This was my first time to eat at portillos. I got the beef sandwich with hot peppers and cheese fries as a side. The staff there is really nice and help direct you ever step of the ordering process. The food came out quickly and was correct. The first thing I noticed when opening up my sandwich is how greasy it was! That usually doesn't bother me but dang this sandwich was drenched! The paper it was wrapped in was even drenched. The sandwich tasted good and the peppers added some flavor. I won't be rushing back and don't understand what the hype was about, but in the future if I do return I'll try out another item from the menu.
4	I came here tonight after hearing all of the hype over this place. I ordered the maxwell polish dog and my boyfriend got the beef sandwich. The food was extremely greasy. There was literally a pool of grease surrounding my hotdog. I wouldn't say that the food was bad, but it definitely was not as good as everyone had been raving about. Overall the service was really friendly. Store was run smoothly and was clean. But based on the food, I don't think I will be returning.
2	I was so so so excited to try this place.  I was even more excited after it opened and I drove over.  The ambiance is adorable and they have outdoor eating.  Ordered a hot dog, cheese fries and a chocolate cake shake.  The hot dog was fine, I think Costco sells a way better one.  The fries were just okay also, Del Taco blows them away.... the cheese is served in a little cup on the side and that wasn't to great either.  The chocolate cake shake was actually kinda icky.  There was so much cake it was dry and you couldn't drink it through the straw provided.  I actually took it back and asked to try the strawberry instead.  Also not impressed.  I WILL NOT be back.
5	I'm a total fan of the Italian Beef Sandwich and their crinkle cut fries.......I wish they'd open one in Old Town Pasadena...
4	Great fast food. Cheese fries and chocolate malt shakes are terrific. Parking is not plentiful, be prepared to park over in Tempe Marketplace and walk over if it's a busy night.
5	I am such a fan of Portillos after having it at the first location in Sdale and this location is just as great. The employees are all so welcoming and jolly :)I think I love everything on the menu But if you want something sweet, get the cake shake, it is heaven in a cupI am having a salad tonight, the grilled chicken Caesar... :)As much as I wanted the drenched Italian beef, I ate so much this weekend that a salad is much needed Oh Portillos, you shall see me all the time
4	Fast and friendly. Got the dipped Italian Beef. Great flavor, like I remember from Chicagoland Portillo's. Worth the the visit.Unf, bun was much more soggy than I remember, almost dissolved. Maybe they're using different bread supplier here in AZ?Food came out quickly, great job, but got the wrong drink. New location, new employees. Understandable.Will return and look fwd to seeing how this does here in AZ.
4	Great place to check out when you are in the mood for some tasty Chi-town favorites. The Tempe location has the same inside layout as their other Scottsdale location. The bonus here is Tempe Marketplace is within walking distance. Perfect when you need to work off some of those delicious calories.Normally order the Italian Beef with both Sweet and Hot Peppers and get it DIPPED. Sometimes like to add Cheese or even go BIG BEEF when I'm feeling unusually hungry. On other visits it is hard not to resist a few Chi Dogs with some Cheese Fries on the side. They even have a jumbo version of the DOG. Other selections include Burgers, Chicken, Fish, Veggie Sandwiches and a nice selection of healthy Salads.Service is quick and friendly and your order shows up almost instantly at the next window. My only pet peeve is that the food is always wrapped up and put in a paper bag. Lets just say the chili dogs and other items can get a little messy as they tackle each other in order to get a good home field advantage for the team. Da BEARS!Don't forget a piece of Chocolate Cake or one of their famous Shakes before you leave. This place is fun and is definitely on my work time lunch rotation.New CUBS spring training facility to open up right down the street. It is going to be packed with tons of people who enjoy great baseball and know how to eat. Come in and give them a visit and tell them ... DIP ME BABY and GO CUBBIES!4.5 STARS
2	Chicago must be seriously lacking good food. That can be the only reason why those from back East are raving about this new joint. We've been twice and both experiences have been completely mediocre.  As a hot dog fan, these lack everything you would expect. Not moist, no snap in the bite. The Polish had zero spice. If you must have a hot dog, Ted's Hot Dogs just down the road to the South is a better choice. I really don't get the hype here?
5	Husband and I went there last night......AWESOME EXPERIENCE!Food was amazing.....i got the hamburger and he go the chili cheese hot dog and a sausage. We also got the fries! Even though it was SUPER crowded, our food was out quick! I can't believe how clean the place was with the amount of people that were there. Every employee was busy and positive. We had a great experience with an employee. Her name was Stephanie. After we finished, my husband and I were just talking. SHe approached us and asked how our meal was, gave us some suggestions for next time and was just chatting with us. We were sitting over by the shake/cake counter and I told her how I was debating getting a piece of chocolate cake. She told us how she helped make it from scratch that morning and that we had to try it. Convincing me to eat any type of sweet is not hard, so needless to say I ordered a piece. IT WAS UN-REAL! super moist and the frosting was the best I've ever had! Between the service, the food and the employees....we had a great experience. We will for sure be back!
5	I ate at Portillo's all the time when I was a child in Chicago. The Italian beef, wet, is to die for. Great French fries, great food, great service, great atmosphere (loud which is great for young families). If you haven't eaten at this Chicago staple, you're missing out! I'm so glad they came to Arizona!
5	I fail to understand the criticisms on here.  It's great to finally have a place that has great Italian beefs in the Valley. Honestly....I've never had better Italian beef than in Chicago.  The 2 best are one place I don't even remember the name of....and Portillo's.  They've brought the greatness to Arizona.  The beef is tender and the beef and gravy super flavorful.  Get it dipped or not....but always get an extra side of gravy for dipping.  You have to sop up every last bit with whatever remaining bread you have.  The shakes.  Delicious also.  Fries....standard but tasty.  It's amazing to have a great Italian beef shop out here.  ...and everything else....including the salads....can't go wrong.
4	Portillo's brings the taste of Chicago to Phoenix. The restaurant itself is a bit chaotic - there's several lines, and no matter what time of day you go, it's busy. People huddle around the pick up counter, which can be irritating. On the upside, the food is cheap and tasty. I love the Portillo hot dog - the toppings are awesome and the chilis are hot! The burgers and salads are pretty good, too. The poppyseed muffin is delicious - so soft, sweet, and tasty.Give Portillo's a try when you're on a budget and have some patience. Cheap + delicious = awesome.
4	EVERYTHING is good at Portillos! The Chicago style dogs - GREAT! Burgers - GREAT! Italian Beef Sandwiches - GREAT! They also have a whole lot more to choose from. Prices are reasonable. UPDATE: went to portillos last night and went through the drive through. Although they were not that busy (it was 8pm) it took 20 minutes to get my food - REALLY PORTILLOS????? Minus 1 star!!!
4	The combo Is delicious! The char grilled Italian sausage and the Italian beef together is so mouth watering. Prices aren't too bad either. Definitely coming back here!
4	Look out calorie counters! For some tasty Chicago style fast food, you've come to the right place. The set up seems exactly the same as the Scottsdale location, which made navigating around the restaurant easy.Options here include shakes, burgers, Italian beef sandwiches, sausages and hot dogs. We split a big beef sandwich, onion rings, and a chocolate cake shake. The big beef had a heaping layer of beef on it, with extra gravy/broth (Standard order, although you can modify it as you like). I usually like my Italian beef full dip, but it was easier to eat it with less broth, and as you ate the sandwich, you would get different bites of broth soaked bread and unsoaked bread, making it kind of like you are eating 2 different sandwiches in one. I got it with hot and sweet peppers, and mozzarella, all blending well flavor-wise with the sandwich.The onion rings had a very crunchy breading, and one order was a decent size. The chocolate cake shake was everything you'd imagine it to be: Thick, chocolatey, rich, with blended bits of chocolate cake in each sip. Definitely a good way to ruin a diet!There is a spacious looking patio, and I saw people bringing their dogs here. Since the weather's getting cooler, this might be a good option for dining on a patio with man's best friend.
1	Although I enjoy the food and service from the Chicago area, the service at this location was horrible and I will not be back! Thankfully the Scottsdale location has good service, so I can still get my fix. The people at Tempe were rude and mindless robots forcing you along and not answering questions. Furthermore, they spoke over us when I tried to explain how we wanted our order (as if reading from a script).  Apparently in the rush to open, they forgot to train the staff how to respect the public that pays their wages.
4	I'm not the typical customer, eating mostly vegetarian and vegan these days. But, I went with some friends, and was pleasantly surprised. They have 3 sandwiches listed as "meatless", although 2 of them have fish. I ordered the roasted veggie, which was crazy good. They also have salads and a few other non meat items. Prices are reasonable.
3	Good burger, expected Italian beef to be better. No gardinera, would probably made it better. Good prices for portion size. Plenty of seating inside and out.
4	Good 60s style diner/restaurant.. One odd thing they only have 2 kinds of hotdogs on the menu,  why it's calling itself a hotdog joint I have no idea... The burgers are flame broiled and better than any fast food joint and they have an amazing number of salads on the menu, far more than they have hotdogs.. The fries and onion rings are pretty standard, they don't resemble hand made by any stretch I would put the place on par with a Red Robin experience and quality but no liquor or table side service Great place before or after a ASU game. Shopping at Tempe marketplace or movie at Harkins
1	I loved Portillos when I was a kid living in Chicago. When I heard they put one up in Tempe, I couldn't wait to go stuff my face. Instead I felt ripped off. $17.75 for a combo beef sandwich, 5 chicken tenders, and a small drink. There wasn't much beef on the beef sandwich, The tenders were tiny, (barely larger than a McDonald's mcnugget), and standing in line AGAIN just to get a refill of iced tea from behind the counter? Forget it.The food was decent tasting but I couldn't believe they didn't have any sauces like ranch or BBQ for the tenders.  I won't be heading back unless I hear that they lowered their prices or doubled their portions.
1	Nothing about this place appealed to me. There is a large crowd for sure but I cannot figure out why. Food lacks taste and character as does this location.
4	Food is delicious & you get the feeling you're back home in Chicago. Will fit right in w the Cubs new ball park opening down the street in 2014. Plenty of menu choices for everyone, the portions are generous just not sure how healthy alot of the choices are. But they do have salads and other menu items if your concerned. There is also a drive throu for faster service the inside ordering process is easy and quick, they have multiple lines setup and plenty of people working behind the counter so your food comes out quick.
4	The Italian beef sandwiches are the best in Phoenix I found. Also I'm not really a big fan of bell peppers but the sweet peppers they put on the sandwich here are really very good. I get my sandwiches dipped with an extra side of gravy on the side.
3	NOT LIKE PORTILLOS CHICAGO.  I first went here when Tempe location opened and I was impressed. Size of Beefs were comparable to what I remember in Chicago Portillos and it tasted as good. My second and third visits not as good. The Italian Beef was smaller in size. I though it may have been accidental, yet my 3rd visit was the same mediocre Beef sandwich.  These are supposed to be large sandwiches with the meat overflowing, not to resemble a Subway sandwich.  And I even ordered the Big Beef which is supposed to be BIG not just a big loaf of bread. I may not be back. My excitement has faded and hope that Portillos does not cheapen the place and reputation with these Arizona locations.  Why is there not consistency with the sandwiches?
4	I had the chili dog and it was the best dog ever! Chili was phenomenal. Its huge and clean inside people that work there really nice willing to assist.
5	When Dick Portillo opened his first "Dog House" restaurant, I'm sure even he did not realize that his restaurants would become a Chicagoland institution.  The Beef and Cheddar Croissant is the best item on the menu, hands down.  If ya ain't had it, then have it.  If ya don't like italian beef sandwiches, then go see a doctor and then have it!And their Chicago dog is one of the best in Chi-town, so try it... you'll like it.With multiple locations opening here in Phoenix, it sure helps me to get over my longing for food from my ol' home!  Sweet home, Chicago... er, Phoenix!  Yeah, babyyy!
5	The food quality is so consistent at Portillo's and the Tempe location is no exception. Went with coworkers and they all really enjoyed it and said they'd be back. I had the Italian sausage sandwich with sweet and hot peppers dipped and it was outstanding. I recommended the combo sandwich to one of the first timers and he loved it. Other great reviews at the table for the beef sandwich, fries, onion rings and chocolate cake shake. "I don't remember ever having to chew a shake before, but this is awesome!"
3	Hello all you Arizona foodies!Being from Chicago (as many of us are), i was at the Scottsdale opening of Portillos and was blown away at how organized they were.The orders came out right and the lines moved swiftly so when Tempe location opened I just assumed it would be just as organized...NOT!The food is the same as Scottsdale and Chicago but this place was one HOT MESS!Therefore Portillos has lost 2 stars from my Scottsdale review.The parking is not great but the worst part is when you wait for your order.You are standing in a small and very crowded area waiting for your number to be called and it was not pleasant experience.So the next 2 times I went I chose drive thru... this was the WRONG choice....but you dont find that out until you get home and find you have the wrong order......So, what do I do?  I call the manager and told him how unhappy I was that I just drove 25 minutes to get Portillos and get home to find the wrong order.Here comes the truly ridicioulous part.... they dont say, "come back and we will give you the correct order"...No.... that is too easy, they take your name and information and send it to the corportate office and in a couple weeks you will get a gift card to replace the dinner you never got due to their incompetence!So, I call the corportate office myself and ask why they inconvenience the customer by not replacing the order without having to go thru this riga a maro.. her response was that the store managers were not taking proper notes of people they owed replacements to and that caused problems....so of course it makes perfect sense to put the customer out of the way instead of just properly training their management on how to take correct notes!I love Portillos and have for many years but is it worth spending money on food you are not getting?No doubt I will continue to go back but... I WILL hold up the line to make sure my order is correct....instead of trusting the employees are doing their jobs correctly.Also... be careful when you order little side items such as "au jus".. Between both locations I have paid for their sides many times but never received them in my order.The food is Chicago good but the management is Not!Try it... you will come back for the authentic Chicago food.And so I end by saying....live each day as though it were your last and Enjoy!Bon Appetite'
4	What a blast!It was packed, but they are ready for it! Great selection of items.I had a hot beef sandwich ... awesome!Customer service is great! Missed Jimmy Buffet by 2 days!
5	My parents wedding cake was portillos chocolate cake!!! I'm from Chicago and nearly passed out with excitement when I found out a Portillos was being built in Arizona! When eating myChicago dog, dipped Italian beef or drinking my chocolate cake shake, it's like I'm back in Chicago. I went 4 days in a row and sometimes go twice in one day! I cannot get enough!
2	The plan the other Saturday night was to go get burgers from In & Out and bring them back to the house.  However, due to events taking place around ASU that night and the next day (ASU Homecoming and some race the next day), I was unable to get off on Scottsdale road.  And all of the surrounding streets were closed too.  BIG Cluster F.  After sitting in traffic for almost an hour trying to get back to the 202, I get back to Hayden/McClintock road.  I see the new Portillo's and give J a quick call to see if that was an okay substitute for him, to which it was. They have a drive-thru which is nice and if it is during a peak time, they have people standing outside waiting to take your order instead of ordering at the squakbox (like In&Out).  If you've never been though, you feel pressed to make a quick meal decision - Which I was for mine and  C's meals as J had checked out their menu online and texted me his order.  I ordered 2 chili cheese dogs, a regular hot dog, the poppyseed fruit with chicken salad, and an order of fries.  I found it odd that they do not have kids meals at Portillo's.  I will say that C liked the hot dog.  But to be honest, I could just buy a package of Nathan's Famous and make these dogs at home (chili and chicago).  J felt the same way about his chili dogs (which ended up falling apart).  And the fries, I could order the same fries at Del Taco for the same price.  Or better yet, make them at home.  The salad I ordered sounded similar to the Strawberry poppyseed seasonal (summer only) salad I fell in love with at Paradise.  BOY was I wrong.  The chicken resembled flash frozen chicken.  You know the kind you can get in the freezer section, you just reheat it and use as you like.  Terrible.  The only positive thing about the salad was the cheese (which there was only a sprinkle of) and fruit, which I ended up sharing with C.   The glazed walnuts, there were maybe 4 or 5 pieces in my salad.  OH..they gave you a lemon poppy muffin with the salad.  Big Whoop.  For the price we paid ($20+), we were all in all disappointed in our dinner and probably wont be returning.
5	Love, Love, Love this place! We go every week now for a late lunch to avoid the crowd but it's worth thinking about it all day!!
3	I don't quite get the hype here, it's a hot dog. Sure it's not a bad weiner ( I personally prefer TED's ) and it's an interesting experience. But I think it's a bit overrated and the wait was excessively lengthy. Not a bad place for some interesting people watching though. I'll be back, but next time I'm going to try something different.
5	My first time coming here and it was amazing. Awesome service. Super fast. Clean! One of the friendliest genuinely happy staffs. Not to mention the food was delicious. Fresh and very filling. Fries were hot crispy and nicely salted. Burger was charbroiled to perfection and super juicy. Thanks for the awesome experience! Highly recommend this place!!
3	Hooray! I don't have to go all the way to Chicago to get Portillo's anymore! Fantastic Italian Beef sandwiches, and onion rings for which it's worth driving all the way to Arizona. Go get some!
2	After hearing about this place when it opened up in Scottsdale. I was happy to hear one had opened up in Tempe. When we first got there the parking lot was packed, which usually happens when something new opens up. People love to be trendy and hip, why going to a new fast food place is that I don't know. I ordered the bacon burger, fries, and a chocolate malt My friend had the Italian beef (claims to be Chicago #1). Had to wait in a huddled group of people all carefully listening for the number to be called. you could hear after every time the girl said a number everyone asking what did she say? The Burger tasted fine, just like you would get any where else. For $10 meal I felt ripped off. When I took the top bun off and looked at it. the first thing that came to my mind was an old lady saying wheres the beef! The patty was so small. The fries where okay, the malt tasted like powder. My friends meal was bland and tasteless, he had to pull the peppers out and throw them away as they where tough and chewy. If this is the number one restaurant in Chicago then I know the reason the all move here now, to get away from this crap.  If you want a good fast Chicago restaurant go to Luke's on Indian school in Phoenix, you won't be disappointed.
3	Decided I was going to try this place out that everyone was talking about! I ordered chicken on a crossant with fries. Was running late for a meeting so I used the drive up. Never have been here before and I was automatically asked what I wanted. I said ma'am I need a menu it's my first time being here. She gave me a very nasty look. I honestly wanted to drive away. I thought to myself everyone had bad days. Got my good which was AMAZING!!! I'm giving the stars for the food not or service. Hopefully next time I go back I will get better service!
4	Just try it! Move over Teds. Hot dogs, italian beef, chicken sandwiches and burgers...all good. Oh and the cheese fries are a must add to any order. The only thing on the menu I didn't care for is the tamales...not worth the $3.
2	I wasn't impressed with this place - maybe it's because there was so much hype about it before I went. The drive thru is strange - someone in a hat walks next to your car taking your order, but there is no menu board so you have to ask for a menu while a "supervisor" yells at them to walk more. Then there is the food. The sausage and peppers was so dry and totally overwhelmed by the bread. Maybe I will give it another try when they have been opened longer.
3	I tried the polish dog and it was pretty decent. It is a bit expensive when you got to order everything seperate. Maybe I didnt see a combo meal price, but for a hot dog, fries and drink came out to over 8 dollars.  I also was a bit annoyed in the drive thru a employee stands out side to give you your order, which makes it akward when he is talking to you, when all you want is your food and go. It was nice gesture but a bit annoying. I will go back to try other menu items.
5	Oh Portillos. So bad but so good. When I need a bag of grease I splurge at Portillos, and their new location makes that easier to accomplish than the first in Scottsdale. Believe it or not, their salads are also huge and awesome, and they even come with a great little muffin. If you are a food snob then you might want to stick with them instead of the hot dogs!
5	As good as it gets for Italian Beefs in the Valley of the Sun! It's a must try for anyone craving authentic Chicago style food. What to get: Italian Beef add sweet and hot peppers and most importantly their cheese fries. They give you the side of cheese so you can dip or drench your fries at your own pace. Although this is fast food, don't expect to be in and out quick on your lunch break. It's ALWAYS busy!
2	Portillo's in Chicago is a MUST. Portillo's in Arizona, meh. Scottsdale location better than Tempe location, and I only say this because you can taste that lovely Tempe waste/tap water taste in the food.
1	The most impressive thing of this place is the size of the restaurant and how packed it was.My experience though was far away from great.I ordered a hot dog (the lady who helped me said it was their flagship dish) an also ordered a cheese burger for my companion. I also got cheesy fries.After a long wait because they wrote the wrong number in my order (no apologize, effort to make up, anything) I told the people over there two times that I thought my order was the one that has been sitting there forever. They called the number again and finally gave it to me.The styrofoam cup for my drink make me start thinking that that place wasn't as great as I've heard but I continued to my table. I mean, I'm not a tree hugger but styrofoam is a little too much. When we arrived to the table I opened the bag and I saw that the burger was also in a styrofoam box. I mean, even one of the public enemies, the one with the golden arches, quit using this s!@#t like back in the 80's, AYFKM, Portillo's?Now the food. The hot dog was totally uneventful and super small (super cheap as well, but I didn't want to make the line again).The burger also forgettable as well as the fries.After posting on FB that I wasn't impressed, some people told me to try the beef sandwich.I might do it and might update this post.Not impressed at all.
4	The food was great. I played it safe with a chicken sandwich and onion rings but next time I'm all in on the Italian beef!
5	I usually don't drink the Kool-Aid when it comes to the "new place in town" but I had  two frinds of mine from Chicago SWEAR by this place, and there were DEAD on. The place is huge with a super large menu but do not pass go, and get you the beef sandwich. YOu can add peppers or onions, I only added cheese to get the full taste of the beef. The bread is baked in  house and AMAZING. the beef was super tender and just done perfect. I've had Italian beef sandwiches before and they were just okay, but this one will make  you a believer! I also had the tamale ina  bowl, that was a midwestern style tamale covered in chili. Anotehr cool dish. I have been DYING to go back since I went for the first time. Go now. Eat Beef Sandwich. Then Go again.
1	I had been told these guys are like the In-n-Out of hot dogs. And the hot dogs are good. Everything else sucks, especially the service. The burgers are mediocre at best, the chicken is terrible. And if they make a mistake on your order, they will NOT rectify it. They'll promise you they'll mail you a gift card, but it will never show up. When you check on the status, they'll tell you they'll look into it, but again, thy won't. Save yourself some money and get better food and service at In-n-Out.
4	I had a Bacon Cheese Burger w/ Fries and it was great!!!! The wait to get my food was a bit longer than I expected but it was worth the wait. The burger was more than enough and the fries were tasty. The atmosphere was like an amusement park. Everyone (customer/employee) were very pleasant. Give it a try, I think you will enjoy it.
3	First things first. I am saddened by the fact they refuse to offer sauerkraut ! Apparently that's not an Illinois thing! But I do love their menu overall: I try to be sodium friendly and though this is not, I would recommend the salads they have.I wish that they had a few more  locations throughout the Valley but Tempe is a good location. It is busy here still after the grand opening and it may be a good thing to consider a late lunch to avoid some of the crowd.
4	I had heard about Portillos and even though I lived in Chicago for a year or two, I had never tried it. I love Italian beef sandwiches though, so I was pumped to try this place. That said, I wouldn't order the Italian beef without the sausage. Adding the sausage knocked the flavor several notches. I also tossed some cheese on there. It was great!I thought the fires were disappointing. I did however enjoy the set up and overall feel of the restaurant. I'd definitely go back. I'd like to try some of their other menu items. The options were quite extensive.
5	Italian beef dipped with hot peppers....amazing! I could almost eat it everyday. Got to have my fix at least once a week. Hot dogs are awesome too.
3	The WIFE and I had dinner with our daughter and boyfriend. Daughter been telling me for a few months on how we need to try this place. Since her boyfriend is from the Chicago area, of course she is going to be bias with this place. Now I had their Beef n Cheddar on a croissant. It's their Italian beef sandwich with cheese on a croissant. Sounded really great, ask for it to be dry!  Sandwich was alright, glad I tried it. Next time I'll have the regular Italian beef sandwich. This sandwich was pretty wet for it to be dry? Wife really enjoyed it, had her favorite. Hot dog w/mustard, shared that with the daughter. She also had their cheeseburger, tasted like a whopper! We all shared a chili cheese fries, daughter did not like it, it was OK with me, but next time need to tell them to hold off the salt! For me, this place is OK. I have had better, but really nothing to complain about. Has a lot of options, and a neat place to visit.
1	Bad drive through service, the cashier repeated my order wrong and then dropped my debit card out of the drive through window. My French onion soup was awful, salty and flavorless. I dumped it out of my car window after a few spoonfuls. No idea what was floating in it, rubbery cheese and tasteless bread. The hot dog was edible, at least. I will never go to Portillo's again.
3	The food is good its just like you would get off of a hot dog cart. I didn't think it was anything special.
2	Crowded and overpriced imho. First time trying the place and always see it crowded so thought I'd try too. Crowded but they were efficient. Moved through line quickly. I don't know if it was because of the noise, but my order was wrong. Chili cheese dog with onions sounds like nothing else on the menu. Chili. Cheese. Dog. Anyway, they write your order on a bag in their own shorthand so it was not possible to know if she wrote it wrong or not. Either way, sucked to get a whatever dog with all kinds of stuff to pick off. Dog was just ok and I would have said 3 stars if my order had been correct. I should have looked at the receipt I suppose, before assuming. Average at best. Might be back to try the Italian Beef.Also the fries tasted like high school food.
2	I've now been twice.  I've had the Italian Beef and the Chili Dog both of which I was under the assumption were specialties of the place.  I was....underwhelmed.  The Italian Beef was pretty plan and they charge extra to add anything to it like cheese.  The hot dog was somewhat small and left me wanting more.  On the positive side the fries are pretty good.  Overall, I was underwhelmed, especially after all the hype.  Having experienced Portillo's I can say I'm glad I tried it but I don't think I'll be back.
5	Officially a stalker of Portillo's.  Officially.  My friend, who is a Chicagoan, brought me here a couple weeks ago to pop my Chicago Dog cherry.  It was completely and utterly worth the drive!  I am a fairly plain hot dog type of person...ketchup, mustard, relish, that's it.   But I am one of those when in Rome type folks.  So, I went balls to the wall and got the full on Chicago dog with all the toppings.  Tomatoes. Pickle.  Green relish. Sport peppers. Onions. Steamed poppy seed bun.  BEST HOT DOG EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE!  These aren't anything like stadium hot dogs, Wienerschnitzel dogs, or those hot dogs that have buns that fall apart at family barbeques.  No siree bob.  I only wish I would have ordered two.  They make a mean Arnold Palmer.  Having to wipe the drool off my keyboard here.I shared an order of their cheese fries with my friend as well.  Their fries are of the crinkle variety and are in no way soggy or lacking in flavor.  Perfectly salty.  Perfectly crispy.   Mmmmm mmmmm goooooood.  I could lick that cup of cheese sauce clean well after the fries are gone too. I've already been back for a second trip (only 2 weeks later) and had myself their Italian Beef dipped with hot peppers.  While it was also tasty, I am most definitely a Chicago Dog kind of gal.  This time, I also had their famous chocolate cake.  At first glance, this slice of cake looks like something like that would make the roof of your mouth stick to your tongue.  But it is moist, not too overly sweet, it's perfectly chocolatey, and I didn't even need a glass of milk to go with it.  Apparently, they use mayonnaise in their batter.  I WILL be back for more and I am completely in trouble if a Portillo's makes its way out to the west valley...but I wouldn't be torn up if it did either.
5	One of my favorite places to splurge.  I get the big beef (Italian beef sandwich but bigger than the regular) with hot peppers and "dunked" in the beef drippings.  It comes out so moist and flavorful that my mouth is watering just thinking about it.  Their French fries are also great, crispy and hot with just the right amount of salt.  I have tried their burgers and salads as well and they are okay, but I think I will just stick with the beef sandwiches from now on.
5	Best Chicago food I've had in AZ.  Maxwell Polish is great, onions are perfect and the sausage has really good flavor.  Dogs are ok.  I prefer Redhots over Vienna beef any day.  Burgers are legit.  I generally don't like Chicago burgers and I didn't care for them here.  Italian Beef is sooo jucie and flavorfull with the right bread.  Italian sausage is perfect, with the right amount of spice.  Service is great. Everyone is Friendly and helpful.  They flew out Chicago people to get this place going right!  They don't charge a ridiculous amount for the food like most Chicago places.
4	Love the Italian Beef and Onion Rings.  I don't ever order anything else.  My family has gotten hotdogs, hamburgers, & fries and no complaints from them on the taste of the food.   Only complaint is I've been thru the drive thru 3 times now and twice they have forgotten something in my order.  Seems they are trying to rush the order out the window.  So the only thing I would suggest is someone to double check the contents of the bags before passing them out the window.  I try to remember to check mine but with big orders it's easy to overlook a missing item.
2	This place was just...okay.  Not terrible but nothing spectacular either. The decore and atmosphere was really great! You can tell they put alot of money and work into the place. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The food, however, was kind of blah. We did get our meals to go and ate it back in the office, so maybe it was because it wasn't piping hot that it didn't taste so good...? But I doubt it. My two other co-workers messaged me that they also didn't care for it. My onion rings were over cooked and were mostly breading, and my char-grilled chicken sandwich was breaded which I wasn't expecting. All in all this place was decent enough but I'd rather go elsewhere.
5	So happy to have one of these right near my house. On second thought, maybe not so happy as it's hard to pass by and not stop! Portillos was always a popular stop when we were visiting Chicago making the menu quite familiar to me. I have eaten here a few times and done both the drive-thru and the restaurant. The service has been wonderful every time. I always get the same thing: Italian beef, dipped, with sweet peppers and a fry. While they are called Portillo's hot dogs, the Italian beef is really the star of their menu. Having it dipped is the true Chicago experience and adds that extra something to the already flavorful beef. The fries are also traditional Chicago hot dog stand-style, and I like them, but they aren't spectacular (and who would expect them to be for a fast food joint?).
3	Since moving to Arizona i have started disliking midwestern people who flock to the area. The country is not supposed to have the same food in every state. Well, all the Chicago folks whined and moaned and now they have their famous Hot Dog joint popping up all over and they shoved a new Cubs stadium down Mesa's throat. So you put different toppings on a hot dog - we didn't need a whole chain to figure that out people. That being said, I was hungry and there was no line at the drive through, so here we go. I avoided the dogs and the beef because it looked fatty and undercooked in photos. The salads on the other hand have some potential. The salad dressings though do not match the quality of salads. The first two ingredients in the House Dressing are Corn Oil and Vegetable Oil..yumm, and the dressing tasted mechanical or metallic. The salad itself was loaded with mostly good quality chicken chunks, some cheese and lots of veggies. It wasn't bad and they included a lemon poppyseed muffin in the bag which was a nice touch. I will return and switch dressings, but for a fast food joint, these $7 salads are very good and you get your money's worth.
5	Mmmmmm!!! I am a portillo's fan from growing up in Chicago. In fact, their cheese fries were a major contributing factor to my childhood obesity... Lol. I love the cheese fries. So, it really brought me back to the good old days. I got a bacon cheeseburger and it just tasted so fresh and great. The bacon was not as crisp as I would like it, but the burger was fantastic. I would just get a cheeseburger next time. I've also tried the grilled fish sandwich before which was really good too.
3	I know this place gets a ton of hype from midwesterners but not sure i get it. My food was good and we got it fast, but it's not a destination restaurant for me. I ordered the cheeseburger, it was good. My husband got the Italian Beef and Cheddar, he didn't like it. It is a great place for kids. We took two toddlers and were able to get in and out quickly plus it's loud so their screaming didn't seem to disturb anyone. Next time we're in the area we'll probably try it again just for that fact alone.
4	I'm not from Chicago, so I never heard of this place, but was glad to have a good friend from Chicago introduce me.  The hamburgers are great and the fries delicious. I can't get enough of this place. I've started venturing out the hamburger and fries and tried the Italian beef - it's awesome     Can't wait to try more things on the menu.
5	I had bought into the hype about the hot dog's from this place, so expectations were high. I had the chili cheese dog and it may be the best one I have ever had. I had a rare craving for one and it lived up to the hype. It is work the stop if you are looking for a great Dog!
4	Late on this review but hey better late than never, right? I have frequented Portillo's on several occassions. They do not disappoint. The Italian Beef is AWESOME. I have had this sandwhich original,no dip, dipped, sweet, hot and on occassion all of the above. I have never had a bad experience here. Sure, the lines get long and sometimes there is a little confusion in the drive thru but the deliciousness of the Big Beef is so worth the short lived chaos.
2	The best description of the food is - mediocre The service is mediocre If you use the drive thru, then just do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.There are a ton of hot dog hamburger joints around the valley, and this place is no better or worse than any other. The service inside appears a little fluttered and clustered, but overall it works. It takes a few times to get use to it. The drive thru is horrible. We watched some fellow approach a customer in a car to take his order, there was no menu to see so the customer said he cant order yet because he needed a menu, the staff sarcastically said " really? you need a menu " As we drove up he approached us and we just wanted some chili dogs. The drive up speaker was not functioning, they had these staff people walking from car to car taking orders, then another person radioed them in, another person took your money, then the finally staff person gave you the food. We arrived at 2pm, it was 2:35 by the time we were one car behind the pay window, at this point we were so frustrated we left the line and headed somewhere else to eat. Oh well
5	Outstanding! As good as the Portillo's I visited in Chicago a couple of years ago. HUGE HUGE joint, lots of parking, tons of seating (inside and out), fast service, awesome food. Super-impressed with the speed of service at the height of the lunch rush. Many lines open and all moving quickly, and food came up quickly. I had a bacon cheeseburger & o-rings and they were both excellent. Next time I need to have a Chicago dog - one of the finest foods on the planet.
5	The Phoenix metro area is just another huge suburb of Chicago.  I recommend this location on a sunny day in January during a Midwestern polar vortex (halo); now back to my chocolate cake shake ...
3	The impression I got was high school hang out. Like a place you and your buddies go on a Friday or Saturday night before you hit the movies at Tempe Marketplace before your parents pick you up behind the restaurant so no one can see you don't have a car.  I've never been to Chicago so I have to take their word that it is just like what they serve there.  I've also never really been into hot dogs, much less hot dogs on steroids.  My brother-in-law and I went there because he said it was good eats for cheap.  He was right.  The quantity of food you get is good.  They give you these little muffins with your salad that are tasty.  You can also get some pretty mean looking chili cheese dogs if you're brave enough.  I went a little more boring and got a chicken sandwich.  Not the place you want to visit if you're looking to relax.  It's extremely loud in there!  The patio is nice if you decide to sit outside.
3	Not a fan. Very average burger. Big and greasy. There are a lot of better options for burgers. Nice cold dietcoke. Fries average also. What is good is that the food is fresh.  But maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Next time I will go and have a salad. If I go back.
3	Definitely don't live up to the hype. I rate it average at best! Really nice establishment and the employee's are nice. There is always to many people and food is ok but don't blow your socks off. I really don't understand why people act like this is so great. I was disappointed all three times!
3	Every time my boyfriend and I swing by Tempe Marketplace, we always see Portillos around and we would often wonder how this place would taste. We had never heard of Portillos as we're not from the Chicago (nor have we even visited there).However, it very much was how we both expected. It's a very casual place where friends and family can settle down and have some fast food after a day of shopping. It's a nice idea but it's sort of out of the way for us since my boyfriend and I always go towards the main marketplace to shop or browse around.I ordered a hamburger while my boyfriend ordered a combo (a hot dog with an Italian sausage and some roast beef). We had initially thought the combo was going to come with some fries and a drink but only I got the fries, as it came with my meal apparently, and I had to order us a drink. It's not a big deal or anything! I guess he and I misunderstood this kind of lingo, haha.The burger was okay; it's a step up from McDonalds but that's all I can really say about it. The fries were average, but both the burger and fries were at least fresh. The hot dog my boyfriend was surprisingly good - only because we've been burnt before with restaurants who try to mimic others only in looks and not taste.If we're not really feeling the other restaurants in Tempe Marketplace, I believe we'd come here just to get more of those infamous hot dogs.
2	This was average at best. I frequented the Chicagoland locations years ago and always had an amazing experience. This one, not so much. The Portillos Dog was not impressive. A small dog with a cheap bun and a failed attempt with the weak fixings. That's just mine.My wife's Apple Walnut Chicken salad was bland, no taste whatsoever and overpriced. That is all to say about that.My son said his burger was good, but his chocolate shake was not. I tried it and it did taste like it was made with generic Hershey's syrup.Not planning a return visit anytime soon.If your visit was a better experience, congratulations.
4	Went to Portillo's today for lunch in Tempe AZ.  It was busy.  The food was good.  Typical Chicago.  It reminded me of the Portillo's in Elk Grove Village, not far from where I used to work.  I ate a beef and cheese croissant.  My wife had the roasted vegetable foccacia.
3	First time eating here and it was okay. I ordered double burger with onion ring. Onion ring was tasteless and not worthy of ordering. I went and order French fries and it was delicious. burger was just average.I like that it is big and has patio with heaters. Plus they have salad and dessert bars.
1	Hate the place. Walked in and left. The food looked totally processed and the ambiance, crowd and everything about this place is revolting.  Confirming I don't like Chicago style food which is why I've taken up cooking my own food.  Sorry guys who love this place but just givin my opinion.
1	tried Portillo's today and probably won't be going back. I usually don't go out of my way to review a place I don't like, but in this case I just thought I would say something. It is honestly ridiculous that you refuse to do any separate orders at the drive through. I get it, you have a weird ticket, radio in the hot dogs system, but just put two tickets down. It is not difficult. Drive-through restaurants have been doing it for years. It's one thing to set a limit of maybe three or four orders per car, but to just refuse to do two separate orders gives the patron a bitter taste in their mouth before tasting the food. What happened to customer is always right? It would be okay if the food was excellent, but this is just a hyped up Sonic.
5	I expected to pay a ton because I was thinking it was "gourmet" hot dogs, but their prices are reasonable.  Try the strawberry shortcake. It's a generous portion and tastes better than it looks.  The drive though is really convenient and the people working are pretty nice.  Food is better than average.  I didn't mark them down for anything because the experience was good.
5	Chicago Dog + Italian Beef (w/hot peppers) = amazing. I don't understand the negative reviews. This place is a chicago food lover's machine. Turning through an insane amount of hungry patrons per hour. ORDER NUMBER 94 OUT THE DOOR!
1	Went there the 2nd week it was open and it was beyond bad.I figured I would give it a 2nd shot but sadly they need to close this hole down.Food is over-priced and poor quality, staff has a "we don't care" attitude and the management seems to think they are all gods who are there for you to worship and not help the customer.Why do people post good reviews about this place and rave how great it is when it is pathetic..Wake up people you are getting ripped off by this waste of space...
2	Again trying to get a good Italian Beef sandwich. Portillos comes with Chicago creds. Unfortunately their Italian Beef sandwich skimps on the beef, dry (even though I asked for it wet) and flavorless. Sad this towns only good sandwich was Al's beef and they closed. I do not recommend this restaurant.  Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
4	So I was a little bored one evening and decided to finally try this place months after the hype of grand opening. I figured by now the hour long lines will be long gone and everybody in Maricopa County had tried it at least once by now. So I get to the northeast corner of McClintock and E Rio Salado Parkway and enter a real clusterfork of a parking lot. Since the drive through lane is pretty big and surrounds Portillo's you have to park off to the east where there are signs telling you that you can only go in one direction. There is more parking beyond what you initially see when you first enter the area though. Pretty much all the parking right in front near the entrance are handicapped parking stalls. Fortunately, Portillo's was a late afterthought/addition to this mall so it has its own corner and is pretty much completely separate from the rest of the mall. An island of Chicago in a Tempe mall. If I remember correctly it's more or less the same corner that Nita's Hideaway used to be on many eons ago. So you come in and see multiple areas - one for phone order pickup, and all the way in back a place that you place your order. You then walk halfway across the restaurant after ordering and listen for your number. Everything comes in a thick brown plastic tray with four drink holders. So I ordered a standard fountain drink as well as a Maxwell Street Polish dog, a bowl of chili, and a tamale. Hadn't eaten all day more or less so I was hungry. Luckily it was not very crowded and I found some seating right away. I would hate to have to eat a hotdog in a hallway. So anyway, the hot dog was delicious - especially with the grilled onions sprinkled on top and with a bit of mustard as well. But no ketchup. Which is good because as Dirty Harry once said "Nobody, I mean NOBODY puts ketchup on a hot dog!" So that was the best part of the meal. Then I had the chili. Came with cheese and onions. It was alright. I like the chili at Lobby's better though. Truth. Finally - the tamale. It was wrapped in foil and then again in several layers of the kind of paper you wrap food to go in. It was one long greasy gut bomb. Pretty much plain masa and what tasted like the sauce in the chili inside it. Perhaps it's that toddling town's version of a tamale and if I was an ex-pat homesick for the Windy City I might have enjoyed it much more as the nostalgia kicked in. But since I'm NOT from Chitown and have only been once in my life for a couple of days when I was grade school age I was just curious as to what their tamales tasted like. Fortunately curiosity didn't kill the cat but instead gave him about 3 or 4 swift kicks to the stomach and a stern warning. NEVER EAT THOSE AGAIN. All night I felt my stomach churn and I'm sure the tamale was the the cause of it. If you ate 5 or 6 of those you'd be a walking tear gas/pepper spray cannister. So after I was more or less satisfied I walked back out into the night and noticed that the closest store in the rest of the mall to Portillo's just happens to be Lane Bryant. I guess if you become a REALLY big fan of Portillo's that is rather conveniently located. I'm sure I'll be back again one day.
5	Two words: Italian Beef. Get it dipped with hot peppers, and your life will never be the same. I live for Italian Beef sandwiches, and this place knows how to make them. Add their tasty fries and you have yourself a very, very good meal. The wait is not too bad even when they are packed because the staff are fast-paced and high-energy. Seating is pretty ample, too, and of the three times I've been since they opened, it's always been a great experience. Next time, I'll have to give the hot dogs a try, but it's so hard to skip on the beef...
2	After hearing every Chicago-ite I know praise this place I knew I had to try it.  I went there on opening day in North Scottsdale.  Had their italian beef sandwich.  Was meh.  Went a second time a couple weeks later.  Had the Italian beef & cheese crossaint. Meh again.  Figured I would give it one more shot at the tempe location.  Had the Chicken croissant sandwich.  Meh yet again.I know what y'all are thinking.  Why didnt you have the hot dog?  THAT'S WHAT THEY DO BEST!  A Chicago style hot dog has 2 main things which I cant stand.  Mustard and pickles.  You wont get a fair review from me when it comes to hot dogs.  I prefer the majesty of Short leash hot dogs.
1	I do not have good things to say about this overpriced drive thru.  I dont get the obsession with it.  The food is not good.  I have had 3 salads they all sucked.  How you order through the drive thru is weird.  There is no speaker they use their employees to stand there in the drive thru to take your order.  They hand you a menu and wait for you to decide.  its so uncomfortable I would just drive away but my husband was driving and he is so much nicer than me.
2	As the Chicago area hot dog critic one thing I've noticed is that when traveling to other metropolitan areas hot dogs aren't nearly as popular other places as they are in Chicagoland. I did a search for hot dog stands near where I'm staying during my trip to the Phoenix Arizona area and found a place called "Ted's Hot Dogs" and the next closest place was immediately familiar. It was Portillo's, a very popular and abundant chain started in suburban Chicago that has apparently made its way to Arizona.I finally had a chance to stop by and the first thing that I noticed is that it's every bit as busy as the Chicagoland locations. The parking lot was completely packed and there was very little available seating inside. There were also tables outside, but people had birds coming up to their tables,sometimes managing to get away with a french fry before fluttering off.  Now, I've been to the Chicago area Portillo's many times and have reviewed a few locations. As a child I met Dick Portillo on a number of occasions and used to be a very big fan of Portillo's as a chain. Over the years, the quality control at Portillo's has diminished. The same quality ingredients are being used, but it seems like the training on how to properly assemble hot dogs, burgers, and everything else has suffered. Or management has simply stopped paying as vigorous attention to quality control. With a location over a thousand miles from Chicagoland I wondered if the menu would be different, if the way things were made would be different, and if being so far away the same degradation in food preparation that has infected the Chicagoland locations was present here.Upon walking in and looking around it sure looked and felt like a Portillo's. I didn't thoroughly inspect the menu as my order was taken while in line by a lady who wrote it down on the back of a bag, it appeared to be the same as the Chicago locations. I placed my order, and then got into the pick-up line to wait for my food. One trend I've noticed at the Chicago locations is repeated rhymes based on your order number. So they would call out things like "Number two, your order is due", "Number three come see me". I noticed with certain numbers they were doing the rhyming as well (this must be something they train on), but it wasn't the constant irritation of hearing it at the Chicagoland locatons to the point where you're trapped in a Dr. Seuss book.Finally my food was ready and I struggled to find an open seat without subjecting myself to eating outside where birds interrupting my meal was nearly a certainty. I finally sat down took my food out and snapped a picture. This was a regular Portillo's hot dog. The problem is we had the same inconsistent preparation we see at the Chicago area locations.For any of those reading this review that are unfamiliar with what a Chicago style hot dog should be, I'll go over the basics. A Chicago style hot dog has a few different variations. The version served by Portillo's is the most traditional style which is an all-beef natural casing sausage. The natural casing is skin that when properly heated will give the frankfurter a nice bit of resistance and a snap when you bite into it. The classic Chicago style hot dog comes on a poppy seed bun which has been steamed to become soft and easy to bite into. It has a pickle spear or slice, tomato slice, sport peppers, bright green relish mustard, onion and celery salt on it. Ketchup is considered to be the worst possible addition to a Chicago-style hot dog as the sweetness overpowers the flavor of the other ingredients.So how did the Portillo's of Tempe hot dog fare? The sausage itself was fine, but the relish application was a bit excessive. This added to the biggest problem,  the bun was steamed  too much along with being causing it to become a tad soggy. As a result the back half of the hot dog dissolved as I picked it up forcing me to struggle to finish the rest without getting my hands wet and sticky. The taste of the hot dog was roughly on par with other Portillo's, the big problem being a bit too thick of a pickle spear. I also got fries with cheese sauce. These fries were a litle over cooked, I'd say they were crispy but a few were so crisp there was no potato paste to be extracted from the inside. My overall impression is that this isn't any worse than the Chicago area Portillo's on any given day. But Portillo's food quality isn't what it used to be either. I did notice quite a few people at this Portillo's with Chicago themed shirts, Bears and Bulls jerseys. While I'm sure Chicago transplants and visitors only make up a small fraction of their clientele, it struck me as interesting. This is especially true since there doesn't seem to be a lot of other Chicago themed eateries around the area. Overall, I'm going to give my Portillo's experience here two stars. But for the Phoenix area readers your mileage may vary as its unique to the area.
3	Havent had everything on their menu which is very extensive.  First item up.  Chicago dog which I rate very highly.  The Italian Beef...ehh...not so much.  Thought it lacked depth of flavor.  The cheese fries are unstoppable...although I dislike the fact that they serve the cheese up in a plastic cup on the side.  I've also had the Halibut Filet sandwich.  Good not great.  The decor in this place is something to see.  Heard so many good things about this place...been twice...and I am still on the fence on if I would go back.
3	It's a great spot for shakes and hot dogs. I have tried a few of their sandwiches and asked for no gravy or light gravy and they still seem to saturate the bread with juice and leave it super soggy. Yuck.Otherwise, the jumbo chili dogs, fries, onion rings, and shakes are really yummy!
3	I'd go back if I was in a junk food mood but wouldn't go out of my way.  Isn't all junk food about the same? Finding it difficult to discern varying degrees of junk and nuances of grease. It's as good as other Chicago shops I've been too. But they are the original and from Chicago so I guess they get extra points.
4	Not like I remember it to be in Chicago, but the char broiled chicken sandwich was still excellent.  I still haven't tried their hotdogs, but their chicken is phenom.
4	If you are a Chicago-style hot dog fan . . .  or just about any kind of hot dog, Portillo's probably has it.  Sandwiches of all kinds - the Italian beef was super good with a little gravy, a lot of gravy or literally dipped in gravy and oozing from every pore of the wonderful Italian bread.  It's just a diner, like many we've all been to for years, but Portillo's has that little extra oomph . . . not sure what makes it different, or even better, but it is. Maybe it is because it's here and it's new and I don't have to visit Chicago to get a really good diner lunch. Whatever . . . if diners are your personal choice of eateries . . . Portillo's is the place to be!
4	It was SO busy when I went, but I was impressed with how quickly our food came out. I got the Chili Cheese Dog and my boyfriend is a fan of the Italian Beef Sandwich. I like the food, but for the price point I don't think we will be going too frequently. It was almost $20 for a sandwich, hot dog, small fry, small onion ring and two small drinks.
4	Great atmosphere! Came here with a true Chicagoan which made the experience even better. I now want to go to Chicago for St. Patty's Day next year!Italian beef, sweet peppers and extra gravy is all I have to say. Fries were okay. Beef is shredded so thinly with the perfect amount of seasoning results in a delicious sandwich.  Would highly recommend or the Italian beef and sausage sandwich. I think I will be craving this from this point on......Was a little disappointed with the vanilla milkshake we ordered. Not the best.
4	Fast and filling and tasty. I wish the cheese fries had cheese ON them and not served on side. Chili is awesome, love the chili dog.
4	OMG!!! The Italian beef w spicy peppers really hit the spot! A must try! We also tried the cheeseburger. Hubby got the big beef so good! Parking is kinds tight but the fast service makes up for it.
5	The hotdogs are delicious! Comes with all the fixings like relish, tomatoes, pickles, pepper, etc. You can also get the polish sausage Chicago style too! Basically, it replaces the hotdog with a sausage. I just eat everything altogether... even the long pickle. Trust me, it's more delicious that way.I can see why this place is packed. There are lines and it may seem crowded at times, but it's pretty quick to place an order and get your food.The tamale was also piping hot and very delicious. Loved it. Didn't expect this place to serve it but it does. And it's pretty cheap.The burger was ok. Just your normal burger. I mean, this is a hotdog place, in my opinion. So order hotdogs. I haven't tried the salads yet but very soon, I will!
4	Had the Italian beef and cheese fries and was excellent. Actually didn't see anyone eating a hot dog. Will definitely be back.
4	Love, love, love this place!!! I always get a beef and cheddar croissant with extra sweet peppers and I highly recommend it. The ordering process is a little overdone and confusing at times. The place always seems overstaffed yet it takes longer than expected to receive your food. Still the food is good so I keep going back.
4	Portillos is a great experience for the whole family. We went a few days ago and loved the food. The Italian beef on top of a hot dog really takes hot dogs to the next level. The chocolate cake shake is to die for! It's fairly priced but the menu is hard to read. When you walk in the door it's a bit overwhelming with where you order and the line system is a bit unorganized.  Overall the place is awesome and has a great patio too.
4	Good beef samich... And hawt dogs are very good. Prices are not in our favor....
5	Fresh, hot, cooked to order Chicago-style food. They do it right here. Will definitely repeat. Get the beef dipped, thank me later.
5	I have been here about 3 times now and have not been disappointed on any occasion. I Love, Love, Love the Chilli Cheese dog and the salads are great as well. Honestly I was a bit weirded out the first time I had the chop Salad because it had pasta in it however it was super yummy.  the fries are always tasty and well salted. I love the inside of the place it is fun and funky.
3	Tried this place for the first time this weekend. I will say they do a wonderfully authentic Chicago hot dog, which is the signature hot dog at Portillo's. I don't go to the mall too often but when I do, Portillo's would certainly be a reasonable option. For what it is, this is a good food experience and if you like hot dogs, you definitely should give this place a try. Only thing, it would be nice if they had their menu online so one could say, pre-select some healthier options and I am not sure they offer a veggie dog option. My parents are cutting meat out of their diet so a vegi dog would be a nice alternative.
2	Used to love going to this place until I ordered a beef dipped with hot.. Got home .. Took a bite and had a long piece of hair... At this point I was already at home and called a manager there. They agreed to give me a new sandwich but at this point I lost my appetite. Please focus on the quality , not quantity !!!!!
4	Who cares if you overhear conversations from visiting Chicagoans or transplants?  Portillo's has a good concept and great bread to serve their beef on.  That's the focus, not the people you happen to meet eating in the business.It's never a disappointment to order the original beef with hot giardiniera and a side of gravy.  This to be said about the Tempe location:  DELICIOUS.  The beef, tasted like beef.  The bread chewed like good Italian bread.  The 'gravy' was a great foil to cut the hot giardiniera.  Spent 3 days in the Phoenix area and had lot's of choices to eat a quick meal.  Glad I ate here than some pretentious dining establishment on this day.
4	I'm from Chicago and while in Chicago I actually prefer a less expensive a simpler dog & fries from Gene and Judes.  However, Portillo's has always had great hot dogs, beef sandwiches and chocolate cake.  Needless to say, in Phoenix, when I need a hot dog fix, the next best thing to making my own is to head over to Portillo's. Today's visit didn't disappoint with hot dog, fries and chocolate cake shake.  This was my first chocolate cake shake and while I'm not a chocolate ice cream fan, I've read great reviews about this shake so I decided to give it a try.  It's delicious!  I just needed a vanilla shake afterward to wash down all that chocolate!  Just kidding, I drank a ton of water afterward though.
4	Italian beef sandwich, chili cheese fries and a cake shake!Best lunch ever (when I'm feeling naughty and I've gone a week eating rabbit food)!
1	Had an "IS / with" which is menu slang for Italian Sausage with peppers. Took two bites and new something was wrong. A few hours later I was vomiting violently. A few hours more and still vomiting. Longest night of my life. I've eaten there before with no issue so not sure what happened yesterday but that'll be my last visit.
5	Awesome restaurant. Fun environment. GREAT food. Love the Chicago dog with the chocolate cake for dessert. We've been many times and we'll be back many more!
1	From 1977 2 1998 I lived in Bolingbrook Illinois, few years later in the 80's Portillos open a restaurant there. they served Vienna products and were the top dog and polish sausage anywhere. In 2003 I moved to Arizona, at Portillos moved in a year or so ago . I was thrilled at first because as I said they were the top dog in Chicago area. Well obviously here in Arizona that all came to a stop. the products they serve now are garbage no longer Vienna here in Arizona at least not sure about Illinois obviously to save a buck , and the dogs polish beef are no longer the same. I can get a better be hot dog a Polish sausage at Chicago land hot dogs in Mesa, they use high end Vienna products like Portillos used to. Don't let the conglomerate that is now Portillos take your money for an inferior product.
2	Seriously let down by this place...I ordered two Chicago dogs and they were pretty lackluster. The buns themselves were soggy, the peppers were HUGE and awkward to eat. The fries were decent and the shake was ok (strawberry). Sadly this place is supposed to be known for their hotdogs, and they fell pretty flat here. I won't be coming back to this place anytime soon...
4	It's por' till ohs. Like pillows.Food good. Made fresh to order...not fast food out of the freezer.  It takes a while. It's worth the wait. Don't eat too much..you need dessert. I mean it. ..you NEED A DESSERT.  Don't leave without one. You won't regret it. Thanks for reading. Go eat...why are you just sitting there.
1	I've never been to Chicago,  but if this is representative of their cuisine I will continue to fly over it on my way to New York.  Please someone tell me it gets better than this.
3	After all the hype about Portillo's coming to Tempe Marketplace and the photos friends had posted on Yelp, I was looking forward to trying this place. I've never been to Chicago, but I've had a delicious Chicago style hot dog before. I figured Portillo's had to serve up a hot dog better than the one I had from a food truck in Phoenix. Honestly, the one I tried tonight from Portillo's was not any better. On a positive note, the Beef Hot Dog "with everything" ($2.65) had good flavor with all the fixings: mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red tomatoes, kosher pickle spear, and sport peppers. My primary complaint was that the "perfectly steamed" poppy seed bun was pretty soggy from all the fixings by the time I got home. It seems that the hot dog might best be enjoyed in the restaurant as the bun doesn't stand up very well - or maybe they should serve the fixings on the side for customers taking the hot dog to-go. The onion rings ($2.19) were pipping HOT and crispy, but lacked much in the way of flavor - definitely nothing noteworthy. The customer service was excellent! The drive though service seemed like a souped-up version of the In & Out experience: a person takes your order outside (instead of an intercom at the menu), another person confirms your order and collects your payment (also outside by walking up to your vehicle), finally a third person grabbed my order from the window and brought it to my car. This doesn't seem like the most efficient system (and unlikely sustainable during the summer months) but it's a nice attempt to make the experience more welcoming and customer-focused. Overall: good, not great experience tonight. I will return to try other offerings and re-evaluate. Thanks to a fellow Yelper (shout-out to Irina), I was surprised to learn that they actually have vegetarian and pescatarian sandwiches which have received positive reviews. Next time, maybe I'll have to try the Grilled Tuna Sandwich or the Halibut Sandwich!
5	LOVED the Chicago Dog! LOVED it!  I mean the neon green relish, peppers, pickles, tomatoes, etc...perfect! And then the cake...the chocolate cake.  SUPER moist and should be shared!
5	We couldn't wait for our favorite Chicago restaurant to come to Arizona.  The best Italian beef sandwiches ever.  The only thing that would make it better, is if they would open up a Portillos in SanTan Mall in Gilbert, AZ.
4	The Italian Beef is great, the Italian Sausage is amazing! Great place to eat and a fun Chicago atmosphere.
1	Stay away!  The food here is worse than pig slop.  We had a chili dog and an italian beef sandwich.  The presentation (both sloppy goopy messes) was absolutely awful and the taste of the food was even worse.  This was probably the most disgusting meal I've ever had ANYWHERE.  You can get a better chili dog 1/2 mile down the road at Weinerschnitzel (and for 1/3 the price).  The fries were just like the Ore Ida's you buy frozen at the grocery store and bake in an oven.  Limp and tasteless.  You Chicagoans must be easily impressed (or have no taste) if you think this place is good.  One more interesting fact....this is one of the few places that doesn't have a link on your receipt for a review/feedback to the home office about your experience....gee, I wonder why!!
3	This is one restaurant I feel doesn't live up to the hype. I've been there twice now. The first time I ordered a cheeseburger and it was okay. I did enjoy how they call out orders in rhyme and the look of the place. On my second visit, I tried out their big beef sandwich I saw advertised all over the building and my wife ordered one of their famous dogs. First of all, the lady taking our order had poor customer service skills. I simply asked if it came with or if I could order sweet onion sauce or any kind of sauce that would go well with my beef sandwich. She looked at me as if I was crazy for asking before telling me no such thing exists there. The sandwich itself was large but lacked any sort of real flavor, and the bun was soggy and dripping all over. My wife was equally disappointed in her hot dog, saying that it was smaller and not even as tastey as the $1 hot dogs at the local QT. Needless to say, neither of us are in any hurry to return.
2	Giant sign at the Cubs stadium in Mesa should say Overrated instead of Portillo's. Once the hype calms down, everyone will realize it's just a mediocre hot dog shop. Why go here when you could get a west coast style charbroiled hot dog down the street at Ted's?
5	CHOCOLATE CAKE SHAKE - Wowza! I really dig this place. I am amazed every time that I go in this restaurant, it runs like a well oiled machine. The employee's at the registers are very knowledgeable about the menu, the staff when you go to pick up your food all seemed like they really enjoyed and wanted to be at work. It's just an over all happy environment (even when they are extremely busy.) Recommendations: First off - you must, and I mean MUST get the Chocolate Cake Shake! If you can't tell I am a BiG fan!- Chopped Salad is delightful, consists of chopped lettuce and small pasta noodles with chicken, bacon, cabbage, tomatoes and house dressing. (It also comes with onion and gorgonzola cheese which I had taken off.) The salad also comes with one of their (spectacular) warm lemon poppy seed muffins.  - Grilled Tuna Sandwich, tuna w/lettuce, tomato and tartar sauce. (You must love tuna to enjoy this sandwich.) -Big Beef, be prepared as this is a very large sandwich. It's Italian beef on french bread. The beef is well flavored and if you add cheddar cheese or mozzarella to the sandwich it is out of this world. - Onion rings: They are not to thick or thin and they are not over-battered like most onion rings are. They are light, crispy and awesome!I have yet to try the hot dogs, I plan to on my next Portillo's adventure. Hope you stop in and enjoy this place as much as I do. --One last time.....get the cake shake!--
4	I went with my husband today - my second time, his first.   I ordered the chili cheese dog and it was amazing!  I really like that it was less than $4 and if I was any more hungrier I couldn't gotten two for a pretty good price.  My husband ordered a steak and cheese on croissant roll which looked pretty good.  He did say he wished they had chopped up the peppers, but I'm sure they'd gladly cut them if he asked.  We'll definitely be back soon!
5	Everything here is excellent! If you have never tried an Italian Beef sandwich, this is definitely the place to be!! The best hot dogs too! Salads are freshly prepared in front of you and they have a nice variety. Don't forget your cheese fries, shakes, malt, and burger selection. If you do go the takeout route, their drive-thru has two lanes and is always well managed. Staff is always friendly and polite. Enjoy!!
4	I live in Chicago, so I'm used to eating Chicago Portillos on a weekly basis.  The Portillos in Tempe, AZ does not taste the same as the Portillos in Chicago.I got a hot dog and cheese fries and they tasted really good, but not as flavorful as Chicago Portillos. The staff was very friendly and my food was made in a timely fashion.Overall it was a really great effort to bring Chicago-style food to AZ!
4	The ONLY place to go for a Chicago hot dog and beef sandwich. There are a ton of place who claim to be "Chicago food", but this is the real deal. Although the AZ staff doesn't quite stand up to the real Portillo's back home, they do pretty well. They did screw up the Maxwell Polish, suppose to be sauteed onion & Mustard on a hard roll, but they use a hotdog bun and burned both the onion and polish. They've screwed up a couple of orders (when it wasn't busy) and also have people in the drive through when it was dead. Back home they only do that when it's busy, which works great. When I'm the only one in the drive through, just let me order at the menu, I don't need 3 different people serving me. Inside, the area where you collect your food is too small, they need to clear out a couple of tables, people are standing on top of each other when it's busy. Oh and when you're in the drive through they wont let you have two separate orders when you have someone with you paying for themselves. Never heard of that in my life.
5	Love this place! Fell in love while vacationing in Chicago and couldn't wait for it to come to the valley. Our family fav!!!
1	Horrible, I had the apple walnut chicken salad.  The chicken was rubbery, full of fat, and tasteless.   I had to actually throw it away.  $7.79, no thanks.   I wasn't impressed at all, it was lunch hour, only one person in the dining area, dirty tables & full trash cans.
5	By far the BEST hot dog joint in town! A must try is the Italian beef sausage with sweet and hot peppers dipped (in gravy) sounds weird but it creates an orgasmic combination of flavors! Melts in your mouth. Don't be deceived by my poor photography skills as the photo does no justice. Also the chili cheese dog and regular hot dog was tasty! The bun is top notch, it is soft, fluffy and fresh tasting -you can tell it's a quality bun!!! Seriously best choice for affordable gourmet food and the service is phenomenal, FAST and friendly!! This is foodie paradise.
4	I have to laugh out loud that the first 3 bad reviews I read were all in regard to a salad. A SALAD. Who goes to Portillos Hotdogs for a stinkin salad? I don't know about their rabbit food, but if you're craving a greasy tasty burger, awesome chili dogs, perfectly cooked cheesy fries or loaded up big beef sandwiches, this is your place.Super busy, loud, ample seating and a pretty efficient ordering system are all expected on each visit. The one time I had my order screwed up multiple times, they apologized profusely and gave me cake.  Chocolate cake. On the house. Really? How can you beat that. I can't judge their salads, then again, I'm not heading to Pita Jungle to try out their burgers, either.
1	Well after spending $15 on lunch ...how is it that you advertise hot dogs being your specialty and you don't have foot longs or sauerkraut, the food was mediocre and the wait was awful but at least we got to talk shit while we waited for our bullshit food ...you got one star instead of zero because the shake was okay ...peace !
5	I'm a big fan of Chicago style beef and this place does it right. This is a must if you're in the Tempe area and looking for a great sandwich or or great atmosphere. The service is fast without sacrificing quality. You can dine in and take in all the Chicago nostalgia or be through the drive-thru in minutes if you are in a rush and need a quick bite. Great food, great experience.
4	Salads, burgers, chicken, sausage, hot dogs fish, soda, shakes and much much more.  They even cater for parties.  Sit inside or outside.  What ever you do, don't miss a chance to try a taste of the Midwest!
4	This was our first time here and I must say that I am a fan! fast, friendly service and GREAT food make this place a great spot to eat a wiener or a fantastic Italian beef sandwich.
5	Leaving Chicago was heartbreaking, but a Portillo's opened in Tempe just weeks after I arrived in Arizona! There aren't very many outside Illinois, so consider yourselves lucky.When I ate meat, the Italian beef and sausage combo was my go-to.Now, restricting myself to fish only, I'm super happy with the grilled tuna sandwich.Seriously, everything on the menu is dynamite.
5	Man oh man, do I love Portillo's. Before they moved into the Tempe Marketplace location, their other restaurant was located in Scottsdale - a bit too far for me (even if I'm at the halfway point)!There are also a couple of other hot dog eateries around Tempe, but for Portillo's it's located right outside of Tempe Marketplace, so I can get my shop on after eating a hot dog (and lose all those calories I just consumed haha)! I come here with my family and we usually just order their hot dogs, my sister has tried their burgers and salads, but she wasn't a big fan of them.The decor is a throwback to the poodle skirt era (hello 1950's!). It's large inside, and can sit large groups of people within your party. They have booths as well as open seated tables, I like grabbing a booth because it just seems more fun and retro for some reason, but I also like grabbing a seat by the windows because it feels like you're in a cafe. The best way I can put it is if you've eaten at one of Disneyland's restaurants, you have that soft comfort murmur of people outside and around you which I really like. If you can brave the 110 heat, you can also sit outside in their patio which is equally as large. There are fans overhead and the area is covered by a ramada to add to ambiance of eating hot dogs and burgers in your patio (or your neighbors). Eating outside of Portillo's is really nice during our cool months though, it's very enjoyable!When you go to order your food, staff will be there to ask if you've eaten there before, if you haven't they'll explain the menu to you. When you order they write everything on paper bags - this way they know what you ordered and you won't get mixed up orders when you receive your food in the bags! You have to be attentive when they call your order out, they will not deliver your food to your table, so we usually wait around the window for our food or sit in the booth waiting for our number to be called. Numbers are not called in order, it's whenever the food gets out, so if you're one of those people who gets angry that number 85 got called before your 55, take a chill pill, because your food is coming out, just gotta have some patience!The staff also makes up rhymes when your number is called, it's awesome! So far I usually order the polish hot dog with American cheese - but I can eat their crinkle cut fries and cheese sauce all. Day.
4	Very good food and pretty darn fast for it being lunch rush. I hope they open more in az it's not very close so not a place we will travel to often to try new things.
5	Portillos my love. Any Chicagoan knows and loves Portillos! That being said I've tried many a replica restaurants of places I used to eat back home and usually they arnt the same something is always a little off, but not at portillos. Fresh strawberry shakes or a cake shake if you dare. Beef and cheddar extra gravy please! Portillos makes being away from home just a bit more bare able.
2	Way over rated.  I had the Beef N Cheddar croissant and a chocolate cake shake. My croissant was a gooey soggy mess and the meat didn't have much flavor. My Beef N Cheddar seemed to be lacking Cheddar as well!! Like nonexistent. The chocolate cake shake was not really anything I'd brag about. It was edible but after half,  I tossed it. Won't be back.
4	Chicago born and raised, and even begin to say how much I love this place!! It even smells like home :-) I'm not a fan of chocolate, but every time I go, I have to order the chocolate-cake-shake!!
5	I love hot dogs and now I happen to love Chicago dogs(haven't tried them until portillos opened). I also got to try a few bites of my boyfriends italian beef sandwich but he didn't get the peppers at all so now I have to make a separate trip to try it with the peppers soon.  I'm obsessed with the jumbo dogs and also have to try it charred just to see how that is (even though I'm not a crazy fan about burnt food.). The french fries were decent nothing that made me want to run for the hills and scream about it.  Between the jumbo Chicago hot dog and the italian beef I think that has me hooked enough. Still need to try more on the menu since it's pretty lengthy.  Last night I got the chocolate cake shake and good god that's the first time I haven't been able to finish a small shake. Way too sweet for me. Definitely something that's a one and done type of thing for sure. It's definitely got all the frosting and such in the shake and the texture threw me off a bit since it's not smooth. :( not my kind of thing. Weird for me to say just too much going on in that shake for me.
1	I've had Portillos one other time before this incident.. And I LOVED their Jumbo dogs. But after the distasteful behavior from their employees i will no longer step foot into there. I just got my new chase card and had yet to sign the back of my card. So the lady at the register told me she couldn't use my card unless I had my ID. Wish of course I accidentally left in my other purse. I get it, it's a policy. But when my friend with me went and payed for out meals, the clerk did not even look to see if hers was signed. Just swiped it. Uhhhhm okay? When I asked her why she didn't look at the back of her card the lady just stared at me. When walking away the three girls started whispering and laughing. SO UNPROFESSIONAL. I've been in a customer service job for 5 years and would NEVER treat a customer that way. It's not hard to look at a customer and explain a policy. Word of advice: skip it, go to Teds.
5	Made it back over to this Portillo's today for another UYE, this time joined by Robyn N., Mark R., Norm R., Jackie C. and Mike C., at 11 AM.  (They open at 10.)  I went with an Italian Beef Sandwich ($5.49), an order of Onion Rings ($2.19), and a Chocolate Malt ($2.59).  The restaurant atmosphere was just fine...  not too crowded and noisy this time.  Also, the service was friendly, the orders came up in reasonable time, and all the food was delicious!We had a good time here and it's still 5 Stars from me for this excellent restaurant, rated highest of all U.S. fast casual sandwich restaurants in a survey conducted by Consumer Reports and reported in their current (August) issue!     :-))
3	Meh.  I'm not a big shake guy - but had heard rave reviews of their hot dogs.  I won't elaborate, but will say I was just underwhelmed in almost every way.  I did not feel the snap of the real casing on the dog itself, the toppings were sparse, the bun was soggy (probably from the dog that came out of the steamer) and it was just not impressive.  So I suppose if you are crazy about chocolate cake, you might want to ignore this review.  But if you're going for the dawgs, just don't bother - you can do better.
4	I was very happy when the first two Portilo's store locations opened up in Phoenix. I am a Chicagoland native who loves to share a great causal meal with friends at these restaurants.The following will be borrowed from a previous location that I have reviewed. It will be several of my favorite foods from the menu. Enjoy! Roast Beef Sandwich. One of the best roast beefs in town. I would recommend getting it with mozzarella cheese, hot peppers, double dipped in gravy. It's a fantastic meal! For those with a serious appetite, try ordering the Big Beef. It's twice the sandwich for only a little more. Jumbo Hotdog with everything on it. A Jumbo all beef hotdog with onion, relish, tomato, hot peppers, mustard, and a speared pickle. This is the epitome of the Chicago Hotdog! A must try! I recommend ordering two.Fresh Chopped Salad. Ditalini pasta, crumbled bacon, romaine and iceberg lettuce, red cabbage, tomatoes, onion, gorgonzola cheese, chopped chicken, with a great blend of spices.Now a few things that I would stay clear of... The Cake Shake and the Malts. The Cake Shake take a piece of their famous chocolate cake and blends it with a chocolate shake. It is WAY too much chocolate for a desert. I would only order this if you have a serious sweet tooth. As for the Malts, they are seriously lacking with the malt power and you can get a better Malt elsewhere in town.
4	Great food but a little pricey for basically fast food. Everything is a la cart and food can add up when your eyes are bigger than your stomach.
4	We went to Portillo's for the first time this weekend -- it was a long time coming, as we had both driven by and heard so much about this place for awhile. Walking in, we were overwhelmed with the large size of the restaurant, and the amazing amount of decor and memorabilia items covering the walls and ceiling. You order at the registers and wow - their menu is WAY more than dogs and fries. Pasta, salads, burgers....but really, who orders anything but a hot dog at this place? We both got regular sized dogs and I got a side of onion rings with mine. The dogs were good! Nothing out of this world, but definitely fresh tasting and yummy for sure. Pretty sure I will order the "jumbo" size next time, though.I wasn't overly thrilled with the onion rings...they didn't seem super fresh to me - I like my onion rings golden brown and piping hot.I will definitely be back - great bang for your buck! We left with full tummies, but didn't feel overly stuffed, which is always a plus :)
4	Went to lunch here for the first time. This place is super cute. Loads of character!  I had the everything hot dog with fries and a coke for about 7 bucks. The food came out quickly and tasted great. Im not a big hot dog fan generally ..but I really liked it!
5	A few years ago I visited the Portillo's in Chicago.  We stayed at the hotel next door and I can't say that I was excited about trying Italian Beef for the first time.  I left that experience blown away.  I went back one more time before I left Chicago and prayed I would get a chance to partake in the Italian Beef again.  When Portillo's landed in Tempe, I didn't expect the food to compare to the Chicago locale.  I was wrong again.  It's as if Chicago came to Tempe.  The Italian Beef is unbelievable.  I recommend upping the ante and getting the Big Beef.  The crinkle fries are good, but the breaded onion rings are phenomenal.   I also really like the hot dog and polish sausage.  And don't forget the chili with onions.  It's damn good chili.It's rare to see Portillo's empty, but even when there's a line inside or out, they manage to miraculously get your order to you in about 5 minutes.  **Tip 1**If you don't like your Big Beef soggy, ask for the gravy on the side.  And there's no harm in adding hot peppers to your sandwich either!**Tip 2**Portillo's doesn't serve beer, so flask it or stop by BevMo during one of their weekend tasting sessions for a little pre-party action.
5	Best beef sandwich around.  Their fries are always hot and perfectly salted. Their fountain drinks are never watery or overly carbonated like at some other places.  I give the food five stars, but I have to add that the wait can sometimes be pretty long.  I try not to go during peak hours.
5	Famous for the Italian beef- go ahead and get it with the extra gravy and sweet peppers.  Now try to eat that without dripping on yourself.  They even have some vegetarian items that are pretty good if you're being carbon-conscious.  But if you have to have some beef, this is a good place to splurge!
2	Two and a half stars. Very overrated IMO. The food would best be described as bland and greasy.  I was really excited when this place opened up but I've been twice now and it has been disappointing both times. Too bad.
4	Surprisingly my favorite thing on the menu is the poppy seed fruit chicken salad! Delicious
5	This place is amazing. I moved to AZ from Chicago 15 years ago and I missed this place. Try the Beef Sandwich dipped. The Chicago dog is amazing. French fries are perfect. If you care about healthy food, go somewhere else. This is about comfort.
5	Love this place for the Italian Beef sandwiches and fries, they are both amazing.  Same quality as the locations in Chicago.  Big thumb up!
2	I don't get it. It's a lame hotdog in a soggy bun with annoying seeds. It also had neon green relish that had next to no flavor. I ate it because I was hungry and on the way to the bar. But otherwise I would never come back. We also ordered fries which look like the frozen Oreida kind you get in the super market and make at home. They even have the nerve to charge you for ranch dressing for the french fries! Nuts! Not returning.
4	Good chopped salad and the Italian beef is always tasty. The service could not be friendlier and this is similar to the Original Chicago restaurants.
3	Three stars was pushing it. You wait in a long line and some dude gives you an order form. Then you wait again for your food. Now I have lots of friends from the Chicago area and this is their comfort food. We tried a dog and a Italian Beef. The Italian Beef was what we in Jersey call a French Dip. But the bun was soggy and the a jous was really oily and watery, really without much flavor. The dog was just average. But I can have average for 50 cents in my yard, so why go out? SO I give it three because my middle USA friends get their hometown thing and I get mine. Its all about sharing, caring and inner peace, right?
3	Our order was messed up twice, might of been because it was a busy Saturday night.. Hotdogs were good but nothing that you can't get a Home Depot hotdog cart but this place was worth checking out since I was in the area though since so many people have said good things about it.
4	Atmosphere - 5 Stars. The decorations and employees are dressed like Chicago and makes it a cool place to hangout and enjoy a meal.I went here a few times, first time I had the beef with sweet peppers and thought this was okay no big deal.... I was taught the missing ingredient that makes all the difference in the world, it is unhealthy but if your going to do it, do it right.When ordering the big beef ask them to make it DIPPED. Yep, it is a soggy mess and requires 5 napkins but makes all the difference in the world.
5	My husband's a picky eater and it's hard to find a place we both enjoy. This place hits the spot for both of us. The burgers are yum, fries are perfection, salads are awesome, and don't get me started on the shakes and chocolate cake. I just wish there was a Portillo's in the east valley. The atmosphere is very family friendly and employees are very upbeat. The prices are kinda high for for a fast food joint, but it's worth it.
2	Gross and flavorless. I've had good Italian beef sandwiches before in Chicago and New York. This greasy mess isn't anything I would come back for.
3	First time to Portillos and it's not worth the cost to go. You pay separate for everything you want and a burger alone was $7.50.  It felt more like a school cafeteria than it did a diner.  Food was just OK. Not anything that makes me "have" to go back because what they have and the taste can be found all over the Valley.
2	Bizarre! This place is layed out horribly. It's confusing when you walk in because you don't know where to order. Now they've got neon signs but they are lost amid all the vintage signage. They should have a separate door for catering. They don't. If you order a salad, you must pick up your fries and drink separately! Makes zero sense. Plus the place is freezing. There's food on the floor. There's co-workers walking around, cleaning very sloooowly. They don't look thrilled to be there and neither was I. Oh, and it's noisy. I recommend eating outside where you can hear yourself. The Mediterranean salad is decent but I'm not dying to return just for that. I can get my Greek fix anywhere.
5	This place has the best hot dogs and Beefs in the Phoenix area. I also really like how fast there service is and will never go to another place to get a hot dog. Really brings me back to my days in Chicago.
4	I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the Italian Beef. I didn't get to try a hotdog, but next time I definitely will. My only complaint: no hot sauce or tabasco! I love to put tabasco on my Cheesesteaks, and I actually happened to have a packet in my purse, and it added the perfect kick to the already delicious sandwich. Very inexpensive, too!
5	Being from Chicago I absolutely love being able to get a taste of home every once in awhile since phoenix isn't exactly known for its food.
4	I love classic Chicago food at Portillo's! I went to the one in Tempe for the first time. I was very happy that it was such a great place to take kids, as there were three under that were 8 and under in our party. It's casual and it is very comfortable to take a large group (we had a large group, too). It is a little overwhelming and busy going in there - just so much stuff and seeming chaos going on when it's so busy. But, the menu is simple and it was great eats. I love the hotdog with poppy seed bun with everything on it. Nothing like it! The onion rings were crisp and delicious, too.Everyone in my dining party was very, very happy. Even the kids were happy with their food. I highly recommend Portillo's. Just remember that it is classic food from Chicago and not necessarily what you'd expect at a hotdog stand in the Phoenix area.
5	The best fast food in town. Everything is delicious.  The Chicago dog, the beef, the chixken sandwiches,  the salads , the cheese fries, strawberry shortcake x tamales etc
5	Deliciousness!! That's what I say after each visit to Portillo's!  This is a legendary Chicago restaurant...entering this restaurant brings me right back home.Hands down the best beef sandwich in the valley!  Make sure to get it dipped for an extra soggy bun.   The fries are crispy with the perfect amount of salt.   Top it off with a Chocolate Shake and you have yourself a meal!  The hot dogs are authentic And actually have a poppy seed bun....a rare find in AZ!  I love this place and will continue to come back again and again.  You can take the girl out of Chicago, but you can't take Chicago out of the girl.  Thanks for Portillo's for giving me a little piece of home right here in AZ!
5	Being from Chicago and living in El Paso now, you get these cravings for Italian Beef and Chicago style hot dogs.  It's a Chicago thing.  Visited Phoenix and had to make the drive to eat here.  Ate here two nights in a row for dinner. :-)Had the combo, dipped with hot peppers both nights.  Had fries and a jumbo hot dog as well.  Have to give them credit for consistency.  I've eaten at a few of the Chicagoland Portillo's locations and they all taste the same, they're all good!  I asked for my sandwich wet instead of dipped at first but the manager didn't know what I meant so I just said dip it.Service was typical Portillo's with their unique number calling system.  This place reminds me of home.
1	This has 3 stars for the exact reason because It's decent food, terrible customer service. First of all, lady at the window was not helpful At ALL, was very short with us.. Actually cut us off before we were even done ordering. my apologies for no other places being open and this is the last stop. Won't come here again.
4	Supposedly it's National Cheeseburger Day! Not sure how true that is but it's a good enough reason to partake in a cheat meal. I decided to try Portillo's for the first time and good lord that burger was the effin bomb!! Best burger I've had at a restaurant! Now the onion rings that I got were a no, but back to the burger. A Hey Boo and seductive wave to the person who was responsible for that burger. I, as well as my stomach thank the hell out of you. I even ate the pickle and I never eat the pickles on a burger. I usually ask restaurants to take the pickles off but I forgot. There were about 5 cars ahead of me but the line still moved rather quickly considering there was a guy outside taking orders. My food was nice and hot. I like the fact that the burger is in a container instead of plain ole paper b/c it kept my burger warm as I drove back to work. All in all, I give Portillo's a 4/5 instead of a 5/5 because those onion rings get a "Naw bruh" from me lol.My top 3 burger places would now have to be:1. Portillo's2. The Habit3. In N Out
5	Dipped combo is to die for!  Never been a fan of subs, beef, sausage, or anything Chicago style . . . but I will gladly drive 20 minutes for this place!  Oh, and the fries?  Crispy and hot every time.  Tried the chocolate cake shake, not a fan.  Taste was good but I couldn't get past the texture.  Be prepared for a crowd.  Looks like their salads are awesome, but I gotta be honest.  I just can't order one instead of the combo.
3	I'm not from Chicago, so please forgive me for not being very impressed, Por-tee-yos (hey, if "you people" from the Midwest get to butcher our words, expect equal treatment). My vegetarian friends would probably like me to start with a clarification that fish = meat and is not, in fact, a "meatless choice". Sorry if this brings you down to only one veggie option instead of three, but it is what it is. Speaking of clarifications, let's be clear that NO ONE outside Chicago expects radioactive looking relish, so some disclosure would have been appreciated. Also, you could have warned me about the pickle and peppers that landed on the table when I tried taking my hotdog out of the bag - I wanted those things on the hotdog. Other than that, this place is what it says it is. They sell hotdogs and other stuff, and it appears that they do a lot of this. It may be the biggest (and busiest) fast food restaurant I've ever visited. I'll maybe be back if killing time in the neighborhood again, but wouldn't make a special trip.
5	I normally get drive thru everytime because it is always soooo crowded! Yes even drive thru but atleast the guys taking your order along the line know what their doing and have the right device to take your order so you don't wait forever.Their fries.. Just.. Those are enough lol but their hotdogs are awesome and taste so fresh. I don't remember what I ordered but there was a bunch of stuff on it like Carmelized onions and diced tomatoes(I don't remember what else) and the hot dog was definitely big enough to hold all those ingredients. Good portions, and everything is always so flavorful and hot when you get it!
5	First heard about this place from my husband because he had it in Chicago, so as soon As the scottsdale one opened we went...not a big fan of the hot dogs(gasp) but they're burgers were pretty good..I loved the shake, and most of all the cheese fries!!!
5	Been totally addicted to this place since living in Chicago.  Used to have to take "day trips" just to go to their Moreno Valley location in the middle of the California desert or order online to get my fix.  Nice to have this location and Scottsdale both right off the 101 to get my jumbo dog and italian beef on demand.  No matter how insanely busy they can get, service is always fast and with a  smile.  This place is a well oiled machine.  Best Chicago dogs and beef in the valley!
4	I've eaten at the Scottsdale Portillo's, but since I've been away, they opened this second location in the Tempe area in the mall area.  Since I'm a fan of a good hot dog, I came here to eat with a friend for lunch and to hang out. I'm glad I did!The menu has a bunch of stuff to choose from, but I went with my usual, of two Vienna beef hot dogs with mustard and onions with a drink. My friend went with the same order as well.  Fortunately, there wasn't to much of a line, but as we sat and chatted for a while, we noticed that crowds came and went in spurts.I love how the place is decorated. Lots to look at with cool lights and the such.  Our food only took about 10 minutes or so to come out and it was delicious.  It was hard to hear the girl call our order but we got it the second time she called our order number out.  Staff here is pretty friendly and cool and things seem to move along quickly. Plenty of places to sit with all the fixings at the condiment counter you can think of.  The only downside is that the fountain drinks are located behind the order pick up counter. I don't know why they do this.  It would be nice to have one located for self service, since refills are free anyways.  I had to get more Sprite and I felt like I was bothering the girl since the counter was slamming busy when I went back up to get more pop.  It would make it easier on the staff if patrons could refill their own drinks.Overall the food was good here, and I do like eating here when I'm in town. The buns are tasty and make the dogs good.  If was I was still in town I would probably try more menu items, but I wanted to keep it simple since I was starving and was craving their beef dogs.Overall not half bad.  Cool place and I love eating here.  They also have a HUGE Patio to eat outside at with shade overhead so you don't get hit by the sun.
2	Come here for the Italian beef. But the Asian lady who cleans the tables is just too much. She comes over to my booth and starts cleaning up. I had to get something to clean the table myself before and now she tries cleaning up around me while I am eating. She takes my tray and bag so now I am supposed to clear off my table when I leave? With what?
3	Just got done eating here about 30 min ago! My beef and my cheese fries were delicious! I have nothing bad to say about the food. However, my customer service was terrible!! I had ordered an Italian beef, large cheese fries, and a chocolate milk shake. When digging for my money to pay I sadly noticed I only had enough money for an Italian beef and a small cheese fry. I politely ask the cashier to downgrade the fries and take off the milkshake. He was JUST SO UNBELIEVABLY frustrated he was in no way cautions to hide it!! He sighed very loud right in front of me and then fallowed with an eye roll. Then asked "k. That it?" With the biggest attitude. Could not believe the way I was treated.
5	Really good Italian beef. Definitely a must with the cheese fries. Delicious!!!Not a big fan of the chocolate cake shake, a little too sweet for me.
4	Lets start off with the cons of this placeCons: No combo mealsNo kid mealsIts literally right up the street from me (this is bad , very bad LOL )If you can get over that, then I guess you will be okI have been a few times now and I have to say they are slowing winning me over. The 1st time I went I swore I would never go back the 2nd time I went I thought damn this is a good hot dog the 3rd time I went I had to admit I am a fan.I love the Chicago style dog, I always order the Portillos all beef dog, it comes with mustard (big win for me since I'm not a fan of catsup) relish, freshly chopped onions, nice slices of tomato, a quartered dilled pickle and hot peppers all saflely bounded together by a perfectly steamed poppy seed bun and all this for just $2.65!! LOVE IT! When you check out there menu you will see they have a lot going on, from hot dogs, to sandwiches to burgers, to salads even soup & deserts and for you veggin love fools they even have a meatless menu too, so Im sure there is something for every picky eater out there.If you haven't given Portillos a try, I think you should, if they didn't win you over the 1st, like me, go back and try it again, believe me it wasn't love at 1st bite for me either but now I'm a fan!
4	First timer  Italian Beef was awesome
5	I grew up with a Portillo's down the street. So, you can imagine how thrilled I was when I heard a couple locations were opening up in Phoenix. As always, the Italian beef is a must. Their shakes, cheese fries, hotdogs, and burgers are all to die for as well.
5	I visited this restaurant for the first time a few days ago. Wow!!! It's a retro 1950's Chicago-themed fast food restaurant specializing in hot dogs, sausages and burgers. They also have an extensive salad menu. They play 1950's music and the decor matches. This is a fun place to take children to or a fun family outing.I thought the food was spectacular! I also tried the, "Pumpkin shake" which was out-of-this-world!I hereby confer a solid 5 star rating!
4	What a cute place with great sandwiches. I can see why this place is popular for a fast food type experience without the typical fast food. I had the Italian beef sandwich which is a specialty of theirs and really delicious.Hubby went with the same only his was a combo with sausage added. Fries were great and it's a cool place to take the family, out of Towners or drive thru (they take your order in advance of getting to the window)Indoor and outdoor seating with checkerboard pattern. We will be going back again soon.
4	I mean what can I really say about Portillo's that hasn't already been said a million times over?!?! If you are looking for greasy, cheesy, grilled, salty GOODNESS...then Portillo's is the place for you! This is my ultimate cheat meal destination!!! I always get the Bacon Burger, Chili Cheese Fries, and the Chocolate Cake Shake...I can never finish it all...but I am NEVER disappointed!
4	It's Portillos! What can I say? Super reliable, very good food! Always been a fan of their burgers and fries. For the locals here, give it a try. This is probably as close to Chicago Food as you can find here.
5	First time here. Was actually headed somewhere else for dinner, but saw this place and did a U-turn. Chili dog was good. Bread was nice and soft. Fries were crispy and salty (YUM). Asked what kind of shakes they had and was not disappointed when I tried their chocolate cake shake. Double YUM! Ordered a tamale, too, but didn't get a chance to eat it since I was stuffed. Will definitely come back here every time I'm in town. Customer service was not bad. Staff seem to be friendly. Thanks for an awesome first time experience!
1	I always see at least one person touching ready to eat food with bare hands. Always the fry cook, and this time the drink guy was manipulating ice spillage back into the bin..bare hands..boo
1	I went to Portillo's for the first time after hearing from a Chicago friend how good it is.  I sure hope the Chicago original is better, because I was disgusted by what I received at this one.  I went through the drive-thru because I had my infant with me and didn't feel like dealing with her in a restaurant.  But I parked in the parking lot to eat, so that the food would be fresh and hot.  I ordered their "famous" Italian beef sandwich with sweet peppers, a small french fry, and a soda.  What I received was a bun that was so soggy that it fell apart in my hands and tasted like raw dough.  Once I removed about 50% of the bun so that I had something half-way edible, the interior of the bun was still all wet and gooey and the beef was bland.  There's nothing on the sandwich but a modest "pile" of lightly seasoned, dry beef.  The peppers added no flavor and were likely the cause of the severe sogginess.  They also failed to give me a straw for my soda, napkins, or ketchup.  The only good thing about the meal?  The fries were hot and crisp.  Even the soda was a failure: watery and 2/3 ice.  I actually threw the sandwich out because it was so horrible.  I cannot remember the last time I actually tossed an entire meal because it was inedible.
5	This place rocks! It's like being back home in the Chicago burbs. Ole Dick Portillo's knows how to put out great product even in the AZ! Keep it up the great work and perhaps we can meet up again in Cali?
4	we ate here no 11-06-14 around 1:00 pm.  the line to order moved very fast.  the menu has a lot of items to select from.  no combo meals.  the cashier people were friendly and helpful.  we had no trouble finding a table to sit.we ordered a big beef, onion rings, hot dog, jumbo hot dog, and fries.  the food was great.  i don't think i ever had a hot dog that knocked me off my feet.  but the food was very enjoyable.our bill before tip was $26.  we plan on going back again in the future.
5	Taste of home!!! My family's roots are from Chicago and I grew up eating Italian beef sandwiches.  Being so far away it was a rare layover at O'Hare that would get me this combination.   Portillos is an amazing eatery that has a long, but fast moving line. I highly recommend the Italian beef and cheese with sweet peppers,  wet. This means the sandwich is dipped into au jus and it creates a succulent bite!!! Their fries are great and you can top it off with a chocolate cake shake!!!There are options for those that live the lighter fare and Chicago hot dogs, but I'd go for the Italian Beef!!!!
3	Ew! Don't get the beef and cheddar croissant, or maybe just don't ever get it to-go! It was super soggy and wet, made me want to throw up. The sweet peppers I added gave it a little flavor, but the beef just wasn't that good. I only could stomach to eat half. I would go for an Arby's sandwich over this any day. The onion rings were good, but how can you really mess up onion rings? Am I right? Service was good! They were friendly and fast, pretty efficient little routine they had going. Just disappointed in the product. I'll still go back... Need to try out their dogs. It's possible I just ordered the wrong thing.
3	The food tastes good and the themed decor is fun. The Italian beef each time I've gotten it has been super soggy though and I really don't like that. Its messy, it feels gross and is just generally unappealing.
5	Get the Pumpkin pie shake while you can!!! It's the best! Loving it tonight!Tried the beef and cheddar croissant... not my favorite.  Will stick with the classic Italian beef on hoagie. Brought my parents (from Chicago) because the can't find Italian beef in Atlanta!
5	Love it!  The dipped Italian Beef with peppers is so good!  The onion rings have a nice light batter...get cheese sauce to dunk.   Get the strawberry shortcake to take home for later.   Busy place but very efficient and friendly staff.
5	DELICIOUS! order the Italian beef, extra gravy with Mozz. Cheese! Crinkle cut fries! They also have awesome a STELLAR chopped salad, hot dogs, and chocolate cake shake! Yum!! Always hot good Chicago style food :)
5	My date and I thoroughly enjoyed our experience here at portillos.. She got the Italian beef and I got the big beef. Very nice flavor in the beef and the bread was excellent. Highly recommended from the two of us for sure.
5	My husband and I went here for the first time tonight and love it.  Very fun atmosphere and great food.  He got the big beef and I had the hot dog (it was loaded with everything,  mustard relish onions tomatoes dill pickles and peppers Oh so good) and the small chili cheese dog also delicious.  We decided we wanted to try the cheese fries and I have to say I've never been to a place that serves you more cheese sauce then you need before and it was hot and not barely warm like most places serve it.  So good.  We can't wait to go back.
4	Food was good.  I'm not normally a big hotdog fan, but I can't pass-up a polish sausage! With Onion Rings.  Everything tasted great.  The in-store soda was pretty weird to refill.  I had to go to ask where to refill it & the already-busy- staff had to take their time to refill my soda behind the counter.
4	Great food.  Good service.  Fun atmosphere to eat in.  With all the other good reviews on this place not much more to say.  Give it a try if you are in the area.  If you are a fan of Italian beef dipped sandwiches you will not be disappointed.
2	What's the big friggin' deal about Portillos? Stopped by for lunch after picking up my sister's birthday gift at Tempe Marketplace hoping to find out, especially with many of my friends singing its praises.Blech, that's what.Soggy bun, tasteless relish, meh hot dog.Also split a dipped Italian beef with Dude, and it was like chewing on grease. No, and not just because it was ordered dipped. I've had better at another local eatery ran by a native Chicagoan.Freezer-aisle esque crinkle cut fries. Charging for *pre-packaged ranch* as Andrea S. already mentioned. This type of food by its nature isn't the most wholesome, but it left me nauseous as all get out for the rest of the day. Not a big hot dog fan to begin with, so maybe I'm not the most reliable reviewer ... But there's definitely better dogs to be found in the Phoenix area. Perhaps this was an off day for Portillos; however, not sure if I'll be back for a round two.
4	8-10 years ago I was working in Chicago quite a bit, driving up from St. Louis for a week at a time and that's when I discovered Portillo's and that beef and cheddar croissant.  That thing is magical.  Totally unhealthy and I love it.  I think back then I tried a couple of other things on the menu, but when I think of Portillo's I think of that sandwich.Now that Portillo's is in AZ we thought we'd give them a try and see if it's still how I remember.  And get this.....Mr. M lived in Chicago for a few years and had NEVER been to a Portillo's.  Can you believe that?  So we had to go.He ordered the Italian sausage with bacon and I ordered the polish sausage.  We also ordered the Chicken Pecan salad thinking sharing a salad would soothe our guilty consciences for eating those tasty sausages.  My polish was about a 3/5.  The sausage itself was great, 5/5, but the bun was soggy and fell apart after one bite and had way too many thick onions on top.  I love onions, but this was overkill.  I had to pick half of them off and it was still smothered with onions.  Mr. M's Italian sausage with bacon was probably our favorite thing that we tried.  4/5.  The sausage had a very nice flavor and came on a more sturdy, Italian bread type bun.  Next time I'll have to get the polish on that bun.  It held up very well.  As you can see in the pic, the bacon isn't high quality bacon, kinda tasted like the precooked stuff, but it worked.  The salad was kind of a letdown.  2.5 or 3/5.  I thought it was kind of funny how 6 pieces of spinach ringed the bowl, but then 98% of the salad was just bland iceberg lettuce.  The description on the menu says a blend of lettuces.  It was mainly iceberg.  The chicken was ok, but tasted a little like the precooked stuff too.  It also had a gazillion diced, tasteless tomatoes in it.  With tax those salads are close to 8 bucks apiece and I'm not sure they are worth it.  Didn't hate it, but probably wouldn't get it again.  I like that their bottles of water are only 99 cents.  A lot of places try to bend you over there and charge 2 bucks or more for a cheap bottle of water.  Overall an okay meal with the sausages being the star of the show.I can't believe I didn't get the beef and cheddar croissant, but that's just a reason to go back.  They have enough good stuff on the menu to justify the 4 stars for me, and generally the staff are very friendly and helpful.  They are used to being busy and have a good system down.  The only complaint I had was there was an employee cleaning tables who had a spray bottle of chemical that he spritzed a little too close to our food.  Be aware dude.  I don't want my food glazed with Windex or whatever the heck.
5	Six months is a long time to go between eating at the great Portillo's here, but I made it back for lunch today, again joined by Yelper friends Mark R. and Robyn N.  This time I ordered a dipped Italian Beef (sandwich on a French Roll), some crispy Onion Rings and a bowl of Chili with complimentary cheese and onions.  Prices are up just a bit from my last visit, but the staff members were still friendly,  all the food was terrific and the waits to order and be called not long at around 11 AM, now that this place has been here for a little while and the crazy zillions of customers crowding in has abated some.  (Today you could actually park your car, get a table, and talk to your friends without having to yell!)*  Italian Beef:  $5.49*  Onion Rings:  $2.19*  Bowl of Chili:  $3.10Yay for the new, mellower Portillo's where it's still a straight 5 Stars!     :-))
5	This place never disappoints.I don't go here often but it always puts a smile on my face when I get sloppy with the Big Beef Sandwich with both hot and sweet peppers and side of Gravy.  If the Beef and Cheddar Croissant could hold more beef and not fall apart when it gets dipped then I would definitely say its the perfect sandwich.  Being a man who respects Chicago Style beef and sandwiches, this place is probably the best Phoenix has to offer.  I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a hearty meal with great Chicago style food.
