5	Extremely good cupcakes. Best I've had in Pittsburgh so far. Go check these cupcakes out!! Icing on the cupcakes..none of that whipped cream business. The good thing is that the icing is not dense at all; it's quite fluffy and delicious.
4	Cute little cupcake shop located in the Pittsburgh Public Market.  I got the Drunken Oatmeal and Hop In Lime cupcakes --- both were delicious!  I also got a bag of small cranberry filled penny-sized cookies ---- these were yummy and perfect to go with a cup of tea.  Her baked goods are very unique and the alcohol flavor is light and not overpowering.
3	Very cute very tiny place. It is inside the Pittsburgh Public Market.   Very sweet lady works there.  For her service she definitely gets a five plus stars.    Personally I was extremely disappointed with the cupcake that I got.  The icing was super delicious!!!!  To me, I felt that the actual cupcake was not 100% fresh. To me it had a somewhat slightly dry texture and taste.    My opinion is that $2.50 is pricy for a cupcake.  I may be back to try something different because of the great service.
5	YUM. I had some scones from here that were out of this world, and the next time I visited I tried a breakfast hand pie which was also out of this world, with the most amazing flaky puff pastry. They serve food on adorable little grandma-style china.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the barleywine pretzels, they weren't bad just not what I expect when I get a pretzel.Will be back for more!
5	Once again I must rave how cute this place is.  Everything is so very well organized. This place just has that awesome touch to it.  The employee Lauren has always been very sweet and welcoming.   The owner makes sure that her customers are 100% happy.  The cupcakes are beyond delicious.  The only fun complaint that I have is the cupcakes are too addictive!!!!!!  I planned only eating half of my cupcake there, but after one bite, I decided it will be eaten within the next five minutes This place has the best cupcakes, and not your plain chocolate and vanilla.  Blackstrap Booty is beyond great.  Also try the Whiskey Peachy Scone too
5	I had to review this place right away because it truly is THAT good! I was able to sample their cookies (Boozy Chocolate Chip Cookie) at a Yelp event and couldn't help but buy their products afterwards. The Drunken Oatmeal Cookie Sandwich is out of this world. Even if you are not an oatmeal person, I still think that you would enjoy this cookie sandwich! That is how amazing it is! The alcohol in it is not too dominant, but makes the product very unique. I also ate the Hop In Lime cupcake, which was very good. The icing is wonderful and the filling inside of the cake was just delicious. It did not have an overly dominant lime taste, so I would recommend this to those of you who are not as adventurous with your taste buds! I cannot wait to introduce my family and friends to this place!!!
