4	This is an excellent Irish Pub, very comfortable atmosphere, great patio, outstanding service and good food.  I had a stupendous black and tan done the right way and the Irish Beef Stew, the stew was better than the beer.  And from what many of my friends said, most everything on the menu is excellent.The perfect accent to the meal was the service, even though it was a large group, approx. 15, the server was available, knowledgeable and efficient. It was really a great dining experience.The only reason it is not getting 5 stars from me is because of the cigar smoking on the patio. I know, smokers are entitled but I don't enjoy it while I am eating.  However, there is no smoking inside and I could have moved inside to avoid it.Bottom line: great beer selection, good food, excellent service. Go!
5	Simply amazing! A wonderful, classy, authentic Irish Pub on Mill. The wood, ceiling, and 130 year old bar back is imported from Ireland. Dark mahogany columns and tables shimmer in the candlelight while the silver squares on the ceiling remind you that you are in an Irish bar, not just an Irish themed bar. The music sounded great and was a mix of contemporary Top 40 and Irish folk music. The mix kept my attention.The staff was courteous, knowledgeable and very classy. I spend a lot of time on Mill and these are the things I look for. These characteristics  separates the bars that are just slapped together by someone who wants to make some money from the college kids from those who are able and willing to do the work necessary to create real value for the city of Tempe. Robbie Fox's looks inviting from the street and the interior doesn't disappoint. They have a full bar, lots of beers, and daily drink specials. I had the best French onion soup that I have ever tasted. The warm pear tart was delicious, not too sweet but just sweet enough with some ice cream and fresh berries. I foresee this becoming a place I frequent often. If you like Irish bars but haven't been to Mill for awhile, Robbie Fox's is a great reason to go.
4	You need a beer, a friendly conversation, wanna discuss life, the world, politics abroad, in your backyard, and have a comfy meal while all this goes on? Robbie Fox has got you covered. I've been a few times and have met 2 of the 5 owners. A group of Irishmen. Not I'm irish on St. Patty's type of Irish, not kiss me I'm Irish but I've got the blarney stone in my blood irish, I've looked the IRA in the eye, I play soccer and call it football and I can tell you a few things about some Irish history, Irish. Now, that is Irish. I mention this because they take their bar very, very seriously. The bar itself has a lot of history to it and is a kick to hear about. Other pieces in the bar were brought from Ireland and of course, look for the strongest accented Irishman and he can fill your ear. My point, these guys put a lot of thought into this bar. Which leads me to the food and the booze. I've had the fish & chips - recommend it, enjoy it, the shepherd's pie, recommend it, enjoy it. I've also dived into the appetizers - garlic shrimp and the chicken pate. If anything, I don't find their menu Irish enough. Now, bear I in mind I'm of the kiss me I'm Irish variety but with this much irishness flowing thru this bar, I wanted to see something more. Dazzle me with something uniquely Irish. Which takes me to the booze. The beer is good and really when is beer not good? When its' warm. There is no warm beer here. I haven't gotten thru all of the beers of which many are from across the pond and I look forward to trying them all. They do have Stella - oh Stella - and Murphy's,- only bar in Az to serve it and  Guinness, like I needed to mention it.I'm  not really a head into a bar and hang out by myself type, but I find Robbie F's really friendly, the staff aims to please, the hostess takes care of you and the bartender will strike up a conversation. I have included Robbie F's in my friday rotation. So, hit me up when you drop in and we can share a beer and compare worldviews!
4	I liked Robbie's a lot! There were a few mix-ups with the appetizer we ordered (which they didn't charge us for in apology) but I can attribute that to them getting things going, it's still a really new restaurant. And the food was delicious - I had a great stew. Also they're really helpful with beer recommendations which is fun, I like to be adventurous with my choices so it was nice to get those suggestions and they'll even bring you a sample.
4	This is a sweet little slice of heaven! Just went here for a late dinner, and here's my thoughts: I was by myself, so I sat at the bar. The bartender (Ross), was very friendly without being over the top (as some attention-starved barkeeps tend to be). It was later on a Sunday night, so it was a little quiet (expected), but far from dead. The atmosphere was stellar, and the drink selection was very good. (Impressive selection of tap beers as well as Irish whiskeys). I started off by ordering a Guinness and Connemara. Ross, to make sure I wasn't just ordering the token Irish beer, asked if I had ever had a Murphy's (I had, but I followed his lead and went with his suggestion). Then, when it turns out they were out of Connemara, he suggested either a Redbreast or a Scotch (Balvennie double wood- knowing the peatiness of the Connemara might lean me more toward Scotch than whiskey). He knows his stuff. This time, however, I went with the Redbreast (which is really what I originally wanted, but Connemara can be hard to find). Another impressive point: he introduced himself with a handshake. Not many run-of-the-mill bartenders care this much. I ended up going with the house burger, which was almost perfect. I ordered it without onions, but that was lost somewhere in the line, and they found their way on top anyway. Oh well. I'll give them the benefit and chalk it up to the music (which was also very good). Now, I'll say this: the burger was by no means large. But, for the price ($7), and the time of night, it was perfect for me. But, it was extremely tasty (especially with the aged Irish cheddar on top). The garlic fries were amazing too. The good thing is, if I were really hungry, I could order two and still be at a good price point. ($14 bucks ain't bad for a couple of really good burgers). Or... OR, just fill up on another pint of Guinness or Murphy's and you'll be just fine! All in all, this is a GREAT place. I understand it's new, so I really hope the people of Tempe do their part to keep this one in business. I'd hate to have to come all the way back from Seattle just to help a good business out! I'm in town on business all week, so I'm already planning on going back. I hear the shepherd's pie is amazing.
1	Although I give the group of friends I was with Saturday night 5 enthusiastic stars, I have to say this was a very disappointing bar experience. Upon walking in, I immediately felt like the space looked exactly like every other brand new Irish pub - you know the ones pretending to look weathered and old ... and they all end up freakishly looking the same? This place is an exact replica of D'Arcy McGee's at Tempe Marketplace. Which isn't too bad, if you like the pre-packaged, generic Irish pub feel. I ordered my usual favorite bevvy that I order at every fine Irish establishment - a Snakebite (basic term for a mixture of beer and hard cider) and I said "with Guinness." The bartender looks at me and snaps "that's called a black velvet - NOT a Snakebite" ...  which, I did look up later, and in fact a black velvet was created in London, England, and a traditional Irish Snakebite is made with Guinness - I know this argument is neither here nor there but he was really quite rude about it!Anyway, the band that was playing reminded me of a cross between Irish music and Kenny Loggins... so we decided to go to our first love.. Rula Bula. I did confess to the bartender at Rula Bula that I did in fact cheat on them "a little bit" ... but they said that after a little bit of counseling our relationship should be back to normal in no time. It was like  I played "just the tip" (look up Old School if you don't know what I am talking about) and I definitely did not like how it feels.
1	FOOD POISONING = signing up for Yelp just to write this review...I am laying on my sofa as I recover from a bout of food poisoning brought on by the portabella mushroom burger I ate last night at Robbie Fox.  I understand that ordering a vegetarian option at an "Irish Pub" might not be the best idea--but I didn't feel like eating a massive meaty meal and thought the portabella would be nice for dinner. The service by the server was fine...however, the man who brought our food to the table (a man with a beard wearing a striped shirt that wasn't a uniform) set my fiance's food down correctly naming it and then said: "and here is your mushroom thingy"I should have known...To make a long night and story short--two hours later I was throwing up violently for a solid 2-3 hours...and intermittently after that...I felt like I was going to die.  I'm all for weight loss without working out...but when I went to Robbie Fox for dinner I wasn't planning on puking all night and waking up 4.5lbs thinner.  An earlier review said something about chopping veggies on a bloody board and that made me cringe--probably what happened to me...but I ate it and got massive food poisoning.  HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE
4	I love Irish bars except on St. Patty's Day. This one is pretty good. They have comfy, leather bar stools and the bartenders wear cute skinny green ties. They have great happy hour specials both on food and drink. We had a couple beers, a couple house wines and a shot plus 3 apps for $25. Try the fried potato pancake on a bed of baked beans topped with an over easy egg. Strange but tasty (and 50% off at HH). If you like garlic, the mussels and huge grilled shrimp are also good and also half off during HH. It gets crowded especially on the patio so not the easiest place to step out for a smoke...but  few people smoke anymore so you probably won't care.
3	I stopped in here for a drink last night before heading over to Valley Art. When I walked in I immediately liked the ambiance. I also loved the smell of steak coming from the kitchen (which I wasn't expecting at an Irish bar). However, things went downhill as we headed out to the patio. The bartender was not very friendly and it took my friend standing at the bar for a few minutes staring the bartender down to even get our drink order in. The one redeeming quality is that they have Strongbow on tap :) I'm giving them three stars based on my short experience there and hopefully that will increase when I have a chance to spend more time there and order food.
4	Stumbled into this place while looking for a restaurant that turned out to be closed.  We were there relatively early on a Friday night and they were able to seat us.  Very friendly people working there that presented us with a very good pub type menu that was really very good.  I had Fish and Chips, the two wives had a seafood stew pie which they really liked, and my friend had a beef pie.  Beer and wine were half price because of happy hour.  Service was very good and the meal overall was very good and very reasonably priced.  Would definitely go back there.
5	Fantastic atmosphere.  Super friendly staff.  Very authentic Irish food and drinks.  Excellent beer and spirit options.  Very nice food selection and good quality.  Owners are extremely friendly, genuine, thoughtful people.Have been once and plan to go again next Thursday after work for a pint and happy hour.My style is to enjoy good food, drinks and conversation with a couple friends without loud, obnoxious patrons, getting drunk or overwhelmingly loud music.  Relax, enjoy the moment, the company, the food and the drinks in a place like Robbie Fox's.  This is an exceptional place for doing just that.
3	I stopped by Robbie Fox's for a mid-week lunch. It wasn't busy, but had a good feel. A little light jazz in the background made for a relaxing lunch. Looking over the menu I ordered the Robbie Fox - I figured, its the restaurant's namesake, so why not give it a try? The menu describes the sandwich as irish bacon & fried egg on crispy white bread served with chips. I mistakenly thought it was a typical sandwich, but it is actually an open-faced sandwich. The egg isn't completely fried - a little over-easy because it is runny when cut. Still, it was good. The chips were good - I liked the small size and they were crispy. There was some nice underlying flavor, but more overpowering was the level of salt. I don't add salt to anything, so it was too much for me. The water for my beverage was a good choice.The portion was large, and with the fries it was a large plate for just $7. Since i ordered the water, total lunch bill was $7. Now that's descent!
3	We went a couple weeks ago since we like to try new places.  It's a cute place but the way they lay their tables out makes it really cramped in places.  The bathrooms were clean well I only know that the women's restroom was clean and they have a decent happy hour from what my fiancee tells me.  Both of us started with soup, he got the special soup, pretty good, and I got the french onion soup, which would've been good if it were hot.  The cottage pie was okay, a little bland for me, and the fish and chips were great, the breading wasn't too thick and was crispy.  The server however, blew.  Never got her name since she never gave it, and she wasn't friendly at all and was very slow, didn't even see a smile out of her with us or any of her other tables...but the MOD was great, he ended up finishing our table, and the only reason we left a tip is because I know servers have to tip our bussers and bartenders.  We will go back as long as we don't get her as our server!
4	After seeing an article in the Arizona Republic for this place, and myself being 100% Irish, I had to try Robbie Fox's.  Decided to check it out during the Festival of the Arts in March 2010, while Mill Avenue was shut down.  Very, very good!!  They have a great selection of beer on tap.  I hadn't seen Murphy's Stout on tap since my trip to Ireland in 1986.  Robbie's has it!  I tried their fish and chips for lunch.  It comes in two sizes, small and large.  I got the small, and it was the best fish and chips I've had since I had it at Seamus McCaffrey's in downtown Phoenix.  I introduced myself to Robbie Fox (yes, he was there) and came to find out I worked with his now ex-wife.  As Robbie said, "what a small world it is".  I like Robbie's better than Rula Bula (sorry, Rula). They have an excellent outdoor bar, too.  It's the first outdoor bar I've seen with beer on tap available.
3	This place is alright sat out on the patio, had a few drinks during happy hour they had $2 jamison's so I can really complain. I'm not sure what the other happy hour special were because our server never said and then we got a different server because the other girls was off. Our new server was getting ready to tell us then walked off for something and by that time it was time for me to go!
2	I've experienced better.  It's called Rula Bula.  It's right around the corner.My distaste for this place began a week or so before I ever set foot in the establishment.  My husband and I were with our kids, walking around  Mill and walked past the restaurant, where they had an employee standing outside trying to rally some business.  We ended up having a short conversation with her in which she stated that we should come to Robbie Fox's, "the only authentic Irish pub in Tempe."  To this, we replied, "Haven't you ever heard of Rula Bula?"  "Yes," she told us, "this is better."  My husband and I have been faithful Rula Bula patrons for many years.  I couldn't imagine anyone in Tempe having better fish and chips than them......but, for some reason my curiosity got the best of me and I stopped by Robbie Fox's for a late lunch one afternoon when my daughter and I were out walking around Mill.  I had a hankering for fish and chips and figured I'd give it a try, even though I knew it probably wouldn't compare to Rula Bula's.  I was right.  Not even in the same league.  Even the chips were inferior.  Their "chips" are more like shoe string french fries which I'm not a fan of because there's so little potato to them.  Their tartar sauce was pretty standard, again, inferior to Rula Bula's.  The service was good, and normally I like it when the waitress gives my daughter a little attention, and acknowledges her undeniable cuteness (okay, maybe I'm a little biased) but this waitress seriously wouldn't leave us alone.  Give me some space, I'm eating.  At the end of the meal, she brought my daughter a bowl of ice cream.  Although it was a very nice gesture, my daughter hadn't eaten more than two bites of her food, and I really hadn't planned on giving her any sort of sweets.  While free food is always appreciated, it's best to ask before you put a bowl of ice cream in front of a toddler.  I don't think I can betray Rula Bula again.
3	Went to this new establishment after the Aloha Fest on a Sunday night. The server was bright and energetic, eager to help is each find a beer we would enjoy. I knocked a star off for the slightly limited menu - I think they should gave more snack or appetizer options given the crowd on Mill.  Overall?  Fantastic Shiraz from southest Australia.  Had a good time with great friends and looking forward to returning the next time we are in Tempe!
4	Just went there last night with a big group. They were friendly and accommodating. They have a good selection of beer (in addition to other drinks). The food was good and reasonably priced.I ended up having the corned beef sandwich since I didn't get one for St. Patty's day last month. It was very good except for the slightly soggy bottom piece of bread. I could still hold it though...just a little messy.
4	I enjoy the food and the service, the menu could have a few more items. No cover ever is a plus. they Have Murphys on tap! Only place on Mill Ave. with Murphys!
3	I recently met some friends at Robbie Fox's and thoroughly enjoyed it. Ok, the wedge salad wasn't really a "salad" but actually just a wedge of iceberg lettuce which made it a little hard to eat, but the environment was great, server was super nice and paid just enough attention, great selection of food and drinks - and wine! - and we had a great time.Until the band started. They were good, but we were sitting behind the speakers and it was SO LOUD it was actually painful for us. The volume  immediately halted all conversation- even attempts at conversation - and it physically hurt so much we were forced to leave right away, effectively killing our evening. We probably would have stayed and had another bottle of wine if not for the band's volume. I'm all for good live music, but I prefer to leave with my eardrums intact.And hey guys? When you *are a good band, you don't need to be quite that loud. They would have been good to hear for a while, if we could still hear at all.So yes, I'll definitely go again but I'll plan to end my time there before 10pm.
1	Disappointed is my one word attitude after visiting this pub. Out of four meals only one met expectations. The eggs were so undercooked the whites were more runny than the yokes. The red meats were cooked opposite our request. The "rare" steak was overcooked and tough as leather. The "medium" steak sandwich was still mooing. The server was awesome, but with completely disappointing food, and service alone does not make me want to return, and I won't. There are countless pubs in the area that I would pick over this one. They spent a lot of money on the decor, and none of it creating safe and appetizing food.
3	The first time I came here was on St. Patrick's day, so I figured I'd give them another chance.  I was getting sick of the same old at Rula Bula, and was hoping they would be all that Rula was missing.We came before a show at the Marquee, and my friend Danielle was drawn right to the raw oysters.  She loved them.  I had a steak sandwich which was so-so, and I thought the prices were a wee bit high for what you got.  They did have a decent beer list, but it's much more of a sit down restaurant then a friendly pub.
3	The third star on this one is because they have three ciders available including Strongbow on tap!  I am pretty sure that this place is going to be a good people watching location if you position yourself properly in the very back of the room where the wall is painted red and there is no way for anyone to walk behind you.  Average service could be enhanced to induce more stars and more spending from me.  Two dollar drafts at happy hour is not a bad ploy either.  The place was clean...and smelled good.  I swear that I heard them play both Edith Piaf and the Allyson Moyet on the satellite music station.  I love it.  I do think that the presence of the owner ( or one of the owners) made the vibe all the more legitimate Irish than wanna-be Irish.  So, my first impression vote goes to Jen K whose suggestion it was to hit this place up on a Wednesday happy hour.  Thanks Darrin G and Jeff  Z too for dealing with my late arrival.
5	Upon subsequent visits I have found Robbie Fox's to be consistent in several things...1.  Sylvia, the server is amazing so ask for her to serve you.  The other servers are also nice, but Sylvia is personable, always ready with a smile and good at what she does...2. Wren and Chris in the kitchen are putting out AMAZING food.  Not your average pub food.  I have officially tasted all things on the appetizer list and also a few of their other items and have not had a bad thing yet!  ALL is good.  I hesitate to recommend any one thing as they update the menu appropriately, but their garlic shrimp, seafood roll, and samosas are really good!!! Ugh! how can i not also recommend their salmon wrapped in philo dough and stuffed with spinach!  And what about the blue crab stuffed avocado???  YUM!3. Are you kidding me? Michael the manager is so cool. And Robbie himself continues to lend authenticity to this super - after work location.  I really felt at home because they have introduced a "family" atmosphere there. Rachel, who works the door begins this process of transforming you from the heat of the AZ streets to the warmth of a true Irish Public House.4.  The clientele, which I know the staff at Robbie Fox's can hardly do much about...is decidely mature, positive, cosmopolitan, and there is such good people watching here.  You might see me there a few times taking it all in!
1	Going to Robbie Fox's was probably my worst restaurant experience ever!!! And I spent five years in the industry.The reviews and the menu indicated that this place had more of a restaurant than a pub style atmosphere . So I decided to stop in with my wife and baby for LUNCH in the middle of a Saturday afternoon. Well, by the time we left, my wife was nearly in tears because she feared that the employee who greeted us might hit me. They had a bouncer, not  a hostess, outside the door to greet us, or rather rebuke us for trying to enter with our baby in the middle of the afternoon. The bouncer was very rude and treated my family like some drunken ASU students. He was very unprofessional, perhaps a result of performing his job duties in 110 F weather. When I asked for an explanation he immediately accused me of trying to argue with him rather than letting me know that there was a large crowd of rowdy soccer fans inside but that it should calm down in about a half hour when the game ends, which I did not become aware of until later that day. When I questioned his attitude and asked to speak with a manager he got angered and raised his voice. I raised mine a bit in return. My wife asked that we leave, quivering.I emailed the GM, Mike Aiton, about the situation. It is almost two weeks later and no response. His help definitely needs to be told to drop the tough guy attitude. This sort of behavior is completely unacceptable. I have never experienced bouncers with this sort of attitude at any Mill Ave bars much less a Mill Ave restaurant. Try Rula Bula (down the street), Casey Moore's (on Ash I think) or Darcy McGee's at Tempe Marketplace if you want an Irish public house.
3	I've been here half a dozen times now, and it's definitely decent.  The atmosphere is solid... the owners have gone above and beyond to provide an authentic, Irish feel.  You can almost always find live music on the weekends, and it's a perfect location.  The food is above average... decent fish n' chips, semi-weak burgers, and excellent muscles and oysters.  Keep it up Robbie!
2	The food used to be great at this spot offering up Irish fare that rivaled the long time favorite Rula Bula. However, it seems that recently they have decided to change their menu (in order to cut food cost it seems) and take the fish n chips dinner ($12) down to only 2 small pieces of fish. The chips also got changed to small thin fries that are too greasy for all but the strongest of stomachs. So what about the drinks you ask ? Well, the Guinness is great and the atmosphere is not so bad either, atleast until 10pm. After 10pm the college crown rolls in and the glass goes away in favor of plastic cups. Sorry Robbie, I'm not going to drink my whiskey out of a plastic cup. I don't care what time it is.Save yourself the trouble and go to Rula. Unless your looking to hit on or actually hit some overly drunk college kids.
4	I hate long lines.  Call me a dive bar brat or tell me that I need to get cooler so I have more friends and get get on lists but I despise waiting in line.  That being said - the line at Robbie Fox's is well worth it! I was skeptical about the joint the first time I walked in.  I thought, this is going to be another one of those lame, cookie cutter type bars that throw an Irish exterior on and are super boring inside (Tempe Marketplace, ahem.).  Not the case!  I've been here on several evenings and have found the Fox family capable of inducing a super fun time on almost any occasion.In addition, they were THE spot to be for the World Cup.  I watched both Saturday US games and an Argentina game here and it was a blast.  Totally packed and rivaled the NY bars that were shown on TV.I had some corn beef hash and it was pretty delicious, and when I asked for a cup of coffee (8am saturday) with as much alcohol as possible in it I got a mouth full of energizing Jameson - perfect!I had the fortune of meeting Mrs. Owner (Fox?) while she was scrubbing away at the floors and she was super nice - I hope she makes a million dollars from this place.
2	The country pie was at least edible and a good selection of beers were available, hence the two stars. Here's where it goes downhill. Chicken mushroom with wild rice, their most recommended dish, was severely undercooked. Brought second which was better but still a little soft. Waitress was newbie and no help from other waiters was ever offered. Even after manager came and apologized and offered to comp the meal for the raw chicken the waitress still charged us and manager was nowhere to be seen. At that point I just wanted out of there.
5	I can't review this place for food but i can for the party and man is it a party. I have been coming here all summer long (before the college crowd showed back up) and have really enjoyed it. The drinks are mixed just the way i like (lots of booze little else) and the price is just what I like (reasonable).I love that they have sailor jerry's here so that for $5 I get a stiff rum and coke that tastes good and packs a punch (if you like captain and coke try a sailor jerry's it tastes better in my mind and is higher proof for usually the same price). I have also found the staff to be very friendly especially the bartenders if you get them when the place isn't swapped and even the bouncers are nice enough with small talk when checking ID's which is rare on Mill. I know first hand I have an out of state ID and these guys like something else but are always polite about it and when i have it ready are sure to thank me for being prepared. Not the typical grunting or head motions.Quickly this is becoming a favorite spot on Mill and as the weather cools the patio with a Dj will be a great spot.
4	The wife and I swung in here on a suggestion from someone we stopped on the street.  While it was a little difficult to find, it paid off with a fantastic happy hour menu.  We had some excellent clams, and some nice crab cakes too, if I recall.  Very friendly staff and locals around the bar.  Next time I'm in Tempe I'll be stopping by again.
3	Had lunch here with some folks from our office.  Being new to Phoenix, I really liked the location.  Food was good.  I had the halibut and chips.  Can't really go wrong with that at a pub, right?  Hostess was nice, waitress was pleasant.  Unfortunately we were seated near the front window.... along with an extended family of flies.  (Nasty)  Seriously, there had to have been 20 flies having lunch with us.  When we pointed this out to the staff all they said was they try to keep the front doors open to keep it cool and that flies get in.  Duh.  No effort to get rid of the flies, no offer to re-seat us. What a shame.
4	Great chill place on a Wednesday night.  There is a nice exterior patio to hangout.  The fish and chips are super yummy.  It was fried well and perfectly cooked.  The server was nice (not super aggressive like other bars).
5	I have been to many other Irish pubs around town and this is, by far, the best one around! The servers and bartenders are friendly & assertive. The bar itself is classy, & authentically Irish... You won't see any cheesy shamrock stuff around this place. And best of all, the owners are Irish and you will almost always find at least one of them drinking at the bar or working hard at the pub. The drinks are reasonably priced, especially for Mill Ave. They have a great selection of beers as well. If you're looking for a tasty meal, try the chicken tenders! They are clearly not straight out of the freezer like most chicken tenders. They are moist, white meat chicken, lightly breaded, and not too greasy! They come with shoe string fries, or as they like to call them, "chips"! Haha And if you come in for happy hour, they are 1/2 off! If you're looking for more of a "college party vibe" come in Thursday-Saturday after 10:30pm. They have a DJ outside on the patio and a live band playing insider on almost every Friday & Saturday night. If you haven't been to this local Gem, you must go experience it for yourself!
4	Short on time so I will give a simple review.Excellent food.  Loved the lamb stew.  Wonderful flavor, scent, garnish, visual and most importantly taste.  I will point out that the stew should come with a couple good slices of bread, but when I requested it, it was quickly and cheerfully brought.  The potato cakes were yummy, but did not need the quantity of beans that accompanied.Beautiful interior and good looking restaurant all the way around.Good beer selection and our server was knowledgeable of the beer characteristics.Caitlin was an excellent, attentive, efficient and charming server.  Well done!Pub was fairly busy on a Monday night with a majority twenty something college audience.  What do you expect in a college town?!?!Very pleased with our experience, and given that there were at least three more items on the menu that I wanted to try...I am looking forward to going back during my time in Phoenix.
4	I didn't get a chance to try the food here because they weren't serving any food when I went. Lets see, Summer 2010, FIFA World Cup. Robbie Fox was one of the few guys willing to open up his shop at 5:30 for soccer. Awesome.We just ordered a few drinks, and watched the game it was Netherlands vs Sweden I think, and there were some crazy dutch guys there. Made the atmosphere pretty cool. Nice place to catch a game.Apparently there was gonna be food here when they opened, but there never was. It was a perpetual waiting game, and it was always like, "yeah, the food/cook is gonna be here in 5 minutes". Eventually, the game ended and yeah, no food. Poor customer service in my opinion, if you say there is gonna be food there should be food. I'll try it some other time if I get the chance.
4	Robbie Fox is amazing. I'd like to have an affair with him. The first time I came here he personally did an Irish jig for my table, complete with a traditional Irish Christmas carol entitled "Merry F*cking Christmas".I was surprised that a place that looks so classy has shots of Jameson for $5. Haven't tried the food yet, but the menu looks great and I'll definitely be back.One caveat is that I recommend coming before 10pm, as that's when the good music gets turned off and the DJ and ASU d-bags arrive. *oonts oonts oonts* "Hey brah!"
5	One of Mill Ave's shining stars.  Cons first - drinks are not that cheap, and I havent really seen any specials there.  Ive had their food once and it was mediocre (mussels and some sausage app that was more like hot dogs...).  Lastly they often have a very long line to get in on their busy nights (20+ min wait to get in the front door is not unusual on the weekends).  Ok, now the good stuff - beers, lots of good beer on draft including Guinness, Smithwicks, plus several other decent choices.  When they have the irish bands in there its really fun and a great atmosphere.  They have a good sized patio (that just got a lot bigger with a new addition) that is good for socializing.   The staff is all pretty friendly and the bartenders are pretty quick even when its packed.  Love the inside bar and barstools they have for it.
4	Good happy hour prices, fancy yummy food, and an awesome patio bar. Robbie Fox himself is there sometimes and he is a delightful, foul mouthed, Irish man whom I wouldn't mind making babies with. He even serenaded my table with everyone's holiday favorite "Merry F*cking Christmas". I also river danced for the whole bar and they were a lively group. Saw some old ladies doing the electric slide. Fun for the whole family...(except kids probably)
5	so i have been to robbies several times.  everything i've eaten there i liked.  i mean really liked.  tonight was the best.  i had the best waiter "eric" helping me with several things including finding the app for "angry birds" on my android .  he also steered me to the special which was the most amazing surf n turf i've prob ever had.  prime rib, cooked just as i asked.  almond crusted prawns!  and steamed veggies .  i told him i wanted to lick the plate!  it was early tonight when we went for dinner so it was quiet, and that's a 1st for robbie fox.  every other time i've gone i enjoyed the lively atmosphere and the great live music.  and as mentioned the food has always been tops.  i was so happy tonight i went for dessert and OMG!  bread pudding shot to the top of favorites @ this place.  sooo good.  even tho i was full from the meal i couldn't stop.  it's the holidays right?  lol  anyway if you've never been to robbies there are a number of reasons for you to go....so what are you waiting for ?
3	Gonna keep this pretty short. I'll come back to Robbie's for the chill back patio and for the drinks but not likely the food. I've tried a few different plates here with the crab cakes being pretty decent but I mean how do you screw up a cottage pie that badly?!
5	After living in Europe for 4 years I have been spoiled by classic Irish pubs only to be disappointed by what I found upon my return to the states, that is until I found Robbie Fox!  Not only is the food top notch, but the atmosphere, beer selection and women are absolutely perfect. I always have a great time while I am there. I even got to meet Robbie and have to say even he is a great guy!
2	Yawn...another "Irish" pub....funny thing is, the owner of this one is Irish, I believe.  Modeled after Johnnie Fox's in Dublin, Ireland (not very well, I might add), although the real Johnnie Fox's might not appeal to the masses here in Arizona.  Interesting choice of location, right between two other well established Irish pubs (Casey Moore's and Rula Bula).  I'll give the bar staff 4 stars as well.  Friendly and attentive.  They lose a star for pouring their whisky not a ml heavy.Let's cut to the chase, If you want loud, college party atmosphere, show up after 10:00.  Don't look for a seat at the bar, as they will have removed them.If you want to enjoy a pint or two and average to below average food, it's OK, but I would rather spend my hard earned dollars somewhere else.
5	I can't send enough love to these guys. The pub has a homey atmosphere during the day and into happy hour and turns into a rocking party after 9ish on the weekends. I am a sucker for a good happy hour and this place has possibly the best in Tempe. Where else can you get a $2!! Jameson? They are only $5 regularly, but 4-7 weekdays are a real steal. Also on happy hour are $3 glasses of wine, well drinks (which are made with surprisely decent liquors) and $1 off a great draft selection. I suggest a Murphy's with a splash of Framboise - just a little for the berry flavor or it gets too sweet. Also on special is the entire appetizer list at half off. You can easily make a meal out of the mussels at $5 or the chicken strips or sausages, which both include a big basket of tasty fries. The regular menu has a lot of variety and you can't go wrong with any of the "pies", cottage, Guinness, chicken or my personal favorite, the seafood. Sunday's before 6pm you can also enjoy happy hour pricing on appetizers as well as half priced bottles of wine. The patio is always dog friendly and every first Sunday of the month they now have a Doggy Brunch until 3 - mine loves to split a basket of chicken fingers. I feel pretty good about treating her a little. Robbie's has a great European cafe society feel to it, and the regulars all know each other's names. We came in for the deals and drinks and stayed because we've been treated like part of the family and not expendable customers.
4	One of my favorite places on Mill. I'm a sucker for Euro-type bars and this place has an awesome pub feel. Thursday's they play techno music on the patio and awesome beer prices. Haven't tried the food though. This place is constantly crowded though, Thurs-Sat so get there early.
4	My experience at Robbie Fox's Public House varied greatly from my experience at the lesser known Robbie Fox's Private House (invitation only).At the public house we were greeted warmly and seated promptly.  We enjoyed the pub atmosphere.  I had the fish & chips (as I often do).  I was pleasantly surprised by the fish. It was nicely battered, thick but not too heavy.  The fish itself was done just right, flaky but tender.  There's nothing worse than chewy, overdone fish.  The "chips" were actually skinny or pencil fries, not what I expected or prefer with fish.  I prefer the thicker cut, more traditional chips.  I also enjoyed a 90 schilling.  Service was good throughout the meal.At Robbie Fox's Private House (you have to ask a server for the password to gain access to the secret entrance) I had quite a carousing time and the Irish Whiskey flowed like water. As a matter of fact, when I requested water in a futile attempt to stay hydrated and avoid a hangover, several drunken blokes at the bar turned and shouted that I had a face that would "drive rats from a barn."This of course led to a lively but short lived brawl that degenerated into Irish drinking songs.  All was tilting along fairly well then until a gnarly old hag slipped on bangers & mash that had been slung over the bar during the earlier melee.  When not a soul sprang to her aid immediately, she launched into such a profanity laden tirade that even the most jaded of drunkards about lost their ruddy color momentarily.I pulled Macklin O'Shea away just afore he mistook her for  the head in his drunken stupor and the last thing I heard her shout was  "May the cat eat you and the devil eat the cat!"I'm not sure if Robbie Fox's Private House is even open anymore but the Public House certainly is and I would recommend it for fish & chips and a bout of drinking.
4	Restaurant by day, popular bar by night. Ever since this place opened, it's been a happenin' spot. They have a large patio with its own bar and usually a DJ. Inside, there is a small stage and usually have an Irish band playing. I've eaten there also- pretty good food. Mostly, I just go for a few drinks and to hang out with friends.
5	I would first just like to say this is by far the BEST Irish pub in Tempe. When you walk in people smile and say hello. The staff is very friendly and always prompt to get you anything you need. The management staff is always checking in to be sure everything is up to par as well. You can always see the owners enjoying a chat with the patrons at the bar.As far as the food goes by far some of the best food available in the area, The fish and chips are brought to you crisp and not soggy. They have a great range of food selections as well. The best item so far on the menu would be the Bollycotton Seafood Pie, it is to die for.  For those who are not into seafood try the Guinness Pot Pie, it has a very hearty taste and hits the spot quite well!The Atmosphere is similar to most Tempe Pubs, except that Robbie Fox's has the largest patio in Tempe, wrapping completely around the pub. The patio has patio furniture to lounge on and is quite comfortable on a nice Arizona day, there are misters outside for the hotter days so you can still enjoy the outdoor weather.Overall I would say Robbie Fox has no competition in Tempe because it is an Irish pub run by Dublin natives!
2	This pub's owners certainly had some cojones opening shop just down the road from Mill Avenue mainstay Rula Bula -- and it likely won't be long before they're packing up the Jameson barrels and Irish charm and locking the door for the final time, because Robbie Fox's doesn't hold a candle to its nearby competition. It's never a good sign when a restaurant advertises its daily special as swordfish on the sign out front, but the waitress tells you the special is catfish. That's a clear sign of a dining establishment that doesn't have its act together.First, the good: A strong variety of Irish whiskeys, Scotch whiskeys and Irish/UK beers. Jameson is sold for a very reasonable $5 a glass (and a ridiculously good $2 during happy hour) and the bar portion of the restaurant seems like a great hangout. The restaurant's proximity to Churchill's Cigars and a spacious patio makes for a nice way to relaxing with a Scotch in one hand and a cigar in the other.However, there is much more (or less, I suppose) to this place than just the bar. The ambiance is nice, though done much better at other local pubs, including Lis Doon Varna in Peoria. The food, however, is quite disappointing. While I initially gave the proprietors credit for correctly calling one of their menu items "cottage pie," as it was made of ground beef (and shepherd's pie requires ground lamb), upon tasting the dish, it should have its name changed to "exceptionally bland gravy with undercooked veggies and flavorless ground beef, covered in confusingly bland whipped potatoes." Yikes. I have no idea how such a rustic, simple, savory dish can turn out so nearly inedible because of a lack of flavor. All of the food was not bad. The fish and chips were quite good -- the fish was perfectly fried, seasoned properly and delicious, though I do wish it had been a traditional piece of batter-fried fish, not an entire fish filet. The shape and size of the filet required a knife and fork to eat, which unfortunately means you can't easily dunk the fish into the divinely snappy tartar sauce. But just when you think they are doing something right, Robbie Fox's once again returns to mediocrity (at best). The mushy peas? They could be tasty, if they were even slightly salted. Outside of chips at a Mexican food restaurant, I shouldn't have to salt my food. The same goes for the shoestring fries that accompanied the fish.The final straw for me was the service. We dined at about 5:30 on a Saturday. The restaurant was not busy, and there were at least three servers taking care of the dining area, but we rarely saw our waitress.
5	As Irish as you can get on Mill Ave. Friends and I enjoyed Robbie Fox's the evening of the Beer Fest Pub Crawl a few weeks ago. Everything was great from the atmosphere to the service which was quick and friendly. I liked the layout of the exterior patio so much, we'll be using it for an event space in the near future. Overall great place to enjoy a Guinness with the friendliest people.
4	We really enjoyed this place yesterday afternoon.  They have some of my favorites on tap - Framboise, Rogue Dead Guy and Strongbow Cider - yummy!  Bartender was super friendly and the place has a cool, relaxed feeling to it. The outdoor patio is pet friendly, so definitely a plus!
4	OK, truth be told...I made a wrong turn on the way back to the Phoenix airport and ended up in Tempe. It looked like a cool little college town, so I parked the car and strolled around. Came across Sarah, this effervescent little hostess standing outside of Robbie Fox's. She showed me the menu and described some of the items in her Swiss accent (not Irish, Swiss). I decided to give it a try, and I was not disappointed. I sat out on the back patio on this warm evening, able to watch the crowds and a few hockey games on TV. Service was great. Silvie (another non-Irish...this time a Czech!) took care of me very well. I had the beet salad, which was outstanding and the tavern steak. It was a bit fatty but otherwise very tasty.  All in all, well worth the stop
3	I wanted to really love this place, but I don't.  The rating is more like a 3.5 stars.  They have great happy hour specials on appetizers and they offer discounts for facebook fans.  The atmosphere is nice and the service is good too.  However, their food is so hit or miss.  Some things on their menu are really great, some things are not so great, and some things are sometimes good and others times not.  There seems to be a general lack in quality control and consistency.  If they can change just these, this would be the best Irish pub in Tempe.  I've tried various things on their menu, here is a summary of my experiences so far:1) Panco Crusted Crab Cakes: i was really excited when I saw this on the menu.  I love seafood, and especially crab.  But it was a bit disappointing.  The crab cakes are very small, and they are not made fresh.  Mine were also still cold when they were served. 2) Prince Edward Island Mussels: I was excited about these as well.  The mussels were cooked fairly well, but I don't think they were very fresh.  Also, the broth they came in was really, really salty.3) Ballycotton Seafood Chowder: I have tried this on two different occasions.  The first time, it was very good.  The soup was full of flavor, not too thick and not too watery.  But then the second time, it was watery and I could barely taste any seafood. It seemed more like a cup of watery potato and vegetable soup with seafood. Yes, I know this sounds contradictory, but the soup did have seafood in it.  It just didn't tast like it did.4) Sauteed Garlic Shrimp: This is one of my favorite appetizers at Robbie's. The sauce is very tasty, however a bit on the salty side due to over-reduction.5) Black Pudding:  Another hit.  Even though you might not like the sound of black pudding, I recommend everyone try this at least once.  It is delicious, including the sauce. 6) The corn beef sliders:  It's my husband's go to appetizer.  Not bad, although I find it a bit dry sometimes.7) Fried Calamari: Another hit.  Light and crispy. 8) Irish Style Potato Cakes:  My husband and I both love this.  it might seem like an odd combination but the flavors of the egg, baked beans, and potato really go well together.   9) Tavern Steak: The kind of steak you end up getting will depend on what they have for that night.  My husband lucked out one night and got a ribeye...my favorite cut.  It was cooked really well, perfect medium rare. 10) Eggplant Parmesan Burger:  This could have been good, except both times I ordered it the eggplant was undercooked.  They give a generous thick piece of eggplant, but because of it's thickness it is never fully cooked.  I could go one, but I don't think I need to.
3	I like the back area of the bar outside. The music is pretty good. Didn't get to stay there long. I'll have to try it again some time.
5	Robbie Fox's is a great place to hangout by Mill on the patio enjoying great drinks and great food and good people to mingle with. My favorite bar in Tempe. Bring your dog, Robbie himself is a dog lover and will take good care of your pup with water and treats! Try the sliders or the calamari as an app, 1/2 off during happy hour. Great bottled and draft beer selection but, you pay for the great service and atmosphere but its still very reasonable for a nice establishment (quality drafts are ~$5). I could hangout all day at Robbie's. Cigar smokers welcome here. All in all you can't go wrong. Robbie Fox himself is usually at the bar mingling with his customers, a really nice guy which will give you such a warmer feeling than chain restaurants do, the staff Rocks.  See you there!
5	The staff here makes you feel like you are family and at home! The owners come out and meet you too. Great atmosphere and energy! I have not tried there food yet but I have not hear one bad thing about this place. I love stopping by and getting a warm welcome from them!
5	love this place!!!!  went here for my husbands birthday and we had a great time.  the food was delicious, the drinks were great and the staff were a good laugh. the patio is amazing, one of the best we have been to around tempe. the have awesome happy hour deals as well. would have loved to stay for the live music.  looking forward to going back!
4	While waiting to see the Rocky Horror Picture Show at Madcap Theaters, we stopped by for a quick drink.What a lively place! Music that makes you want to move, reasonably priced beverages, and a hip/fun atmosphere with quality patrons (meaning I didn't get the impression they were there just to get drunk, like most other Mill Ave bars), and you've got a real winner on your hands.Hope they put in a dance floor!
1	Visited during a Thursday Happy Hour.  The place was virtually deserted, and after ordering the "Tavern Steak" I think I know why.  Hopefully, all of their entrees aren't this bad.  If I owned a restaurant I would be ashamed and  embarrassed to put out  this lousy of a product.  The service was woeful as well.
5	I cannot say enough about this pub/ my second home. The pub has a homey/ family atmosphere during the day and into happy hour. At night it turns into a fun rocking hang out, especially on the weekends. I am a sucker for a good happy hour and this place has possibly the best in Tempe. $2!! Jameson They are only $5 regularly, but 4-7 weekdays are a real steal. Also on happy hour are $3 glasses of wine, well drinks (which are made with surprisingly decent liquors) and $1 off a great draft selection. I suggest Jameson and Ginger during happy hour, or a nice Magners or the Irish mainstay Guinness. ( Which is poured to perfection, make sure Jay, Ross, or Brandon are pouring) Also on special is the entire appetizer list at half off. You can easily make a meal out of the mussels at $5 or the best chicken strips ever, or sausages, which both include a big basket of tasty fries. My personal favorites the Garlic Shrimp and Irish Potato Cakes are a must have!!! The regular menu has a lot of variety and you can't go wrong with any of the "pies", cottage, Guinness, chicken or my personal favorite, the seafood. The Robbie Fox or the Southern Chicken sandwich are also amazing. They also switch their menu around to match the season's. The summer menu debut's 6/17!! Sunday's before 6pm you can also enjoy happy hour pricing on appetizers as well as half priced bottles of wine. The patio is always dog friendly and every first Sunday of the month they now have a Doggy Brunch until 3 Robbie's has a great European cafe society feel to it, and the regulars all know each others names and are family. Check out the framed photo of the lads/ regulars on the west wall when walking in. Robbie Fox, Dominic Jones and Ann-Marie are always there and are never to shy to make sure your visit was great, your service rocked or walk up to say hi or give you a pat on the back! Robbie owns the patio and has a plethora of music playing during all times of the day and night. You cannot sit at the bar and not have some sort of sing along with the regulars. All in all RFPH is literally a pub " Where everybody knows your Name" Remember: We came for a pint but stayed for the Craic!!!!!
4	I'm always hesitant to go anywhere on Mill Ave when ASU is in session, especially a pub of any kind, on a Saturday evening.  But, I've apparently been out of school so long that I had forgotten the students do not make their appearance until long after I would already be home.  So I was surprised to find Robbie Fox's fairly empty.  Although there were some parties on the patio, the restaurant was almost empty.  I was also surprised to find white tablecloths, a menu that includes such entrees as curry chicken and cioppino in addition to Irish fare, and Rat Pack music in the background.  I have no complaints, just surprised.Since this was the first week of my (politically correct) temporary change in eating habits, I actually considered grilled salmon or a salad.  However, I didn't want to have to make the effort to glare at my husband all night watching him eat his fish & chips.  Lucky for me, they have a smaller portion available for $8.  Well, actually, it was unlucky for me because the portion was quite small with one filet, and it was really good.  The batter was nicely seasoned and perfectly crispy as were the thin-cut fries served with it.  I did notice while the outside of the fish was "just out of the fryer hot," the fish itself was only warm.  For dessert we shared the baked rhubarb, what I deemed the healthiest option rather than the option of no dessert which was not an option.  Basically a rhubarb cobbler, minus the crust, add a crumble topping.  Service was good, but our server was very young and relatively inexperienced.  He had a little trouble adequately describing a few of the menu items, but at least he was attentive and made the effort! I would definitely go back to Robbie Fox's, and I did notice the Irish music kicked on as we were leaving!
3	Great drinks, great atmosphere.  So So food.  Nothing here is super tasty, but then again you aren't here for the food.  You're here for the friendly service.  The feeling that you are in a friendly pub and you're with good friends.  They don't make you feel bad if you get a little rowdy which is nice.  The menu tries to be upscale, but the food is meh.  Stick with the usual fried stuff and you'll be safe.  (Do not order crab cakes!)
3	Joining a large "going away" party, Robbie's was one stop on our bar crawl. While significantly better than Cue Club, Robbie's was just ok. We walked in and a very loud, but good Irish band is rocking out. We make our way through the crowded bar and see many options for beer/cider on tap. Great! I think my pal's $5 coors light seems a buck too much but my strongbow and carlsberg purchases were reasonable ($12). The bartenders were swift but looked stressed out.They do something I think every bar should do: To start a tab your card is swiped and returned to you to prevent the leaving of cards. Brilliant! Outside is crowded, hot and we pick a spot next to two drunk girls "dancing" and knocking over/ breaking bottles which cuts my friends foot. Not cool. Generic radio music is playing outside, and we leave after two drinks. Robbie's is so-so. I'd go again with a group, but I do not see visits being frequent.
1	I have never been treated worse in my entire life then when I stood outside Robbie Fox's, and I had not even made it through the doors. My friends and I were celebrating a birthday and had A TON of people with us, so my friend and I walk up and ask the bouncers how VIP works and we were shouted at to go to the end of the line. We politely told the bouncer we just wanted to know how VIP worked and he continued to shout go to the end of the line. So she and I walked over to the girl heading the VIP line and asked how it worked and she simply replied it is 5 dollars a person. As my girlfriend and I walk back to our friends the bouncers point and LAUGH AT US. What the hell!? I wanted to leave immediately but was talked into staying in line.This is where it gets fascinating. I hand my ID over to the bouncer and he asks me how my night goes so I respond sarcastically "fantastic!" He proceeds to ask me if there is a reason I am being rude to him and I responded that he was rude to me first. He then says well you can leave and tried to hand my ID to the second bouncer. I proceeded to take it out of the bouncers hand and walk away. My boyfriend followed me and I told him I'd call the manager in the morning and tell him what had happened, so he offered to go get the guys name. After about 10 minutes while I am at The Canteen (BTW AWESOME bar with great customer service!) my bf calls me and wants me to come over. We argue for a bit and then I give in.When I walk over the bouncer asks me to explain to him what happened. While I was he kept interrupting me and was like "NO, YOU need to UNDERSTAND we get asked a lot of stupid questions every night." Wow, so asking how VIP works is stupid hmm? Which, of course, I pointed out to him. Uhm, hi welcome to the service industry, you CHOSE to work this job. All I asked for was the bouncers name, I did not want to go inside and get a "free" drink I just wanted to know the guys name and he refused to give it to me. Then he accused me of being wasted and not knowing what really happened. That is when I pretty much gave it all up as a lost cause because I had had one vodka sprite.I will NEVER return to Robbie Fox's again. EVER. And I tell everyone that if they want horrible service to go here.
3	Okay food at prices that are too high.  I had the salmon and it had the flavor of something frozen for too long and did not taste at all fresh.
5	Well - my love for the Irish at this little Jamo joint just grows stronger all the time. I recently had occasion to host a private party at RFPH for my dear friend Sam and naturally my home away from home was the best place to play hostess. I had the benefit of still feeling as much at ease as I would have in my real home, without having to cook or clean up after the party. I worked closely with Anne Marie who made sure every detail of the party was attended to flawlessly. We held our birthday extravaganza in the front "cottage" area, which is the perfect spot for about 25-30 guests for a sit down dinner or a happy hour (done that one too). The pub also has a banquet room and separate bar out back which can be rented out for private functions. Another one of my friends held her wedding reception here and, in addition to having the great food and service you'd hope for at your wedding, it was just plain fun. Back to our Sunday birthday brunch... The kitchen prepared an Irish breakfast as well as a course of passed hor d'oeuvres of cucumber sandwiches, filet mignon brioche (my favorite) and salmon mousse toasts. For dessert I was able to bring in special cake for the party and the kitchen added an accompaniment of fresh strawberries and creme (brilliant). Everything came out well timed and executed start to finish. Lucky for us, Sunday afternoons now offer live jazz - which was a great bonus for the party atmosphere. I don't know if we should still be calling it a brunch - those usually don't last for 9 hours... but we had a great time.
5	This review is limited to the comedy show portion only.  (i.e. not commenting on food etc).  Just got back from the Robbie Fox comedy show.  It was a Phoenix comediens versus Las Vegas comediens show.  They had a great emcee and a panel of three judges.  There is an 8:00 show and then a 10:00 show.  We had tickets to the 10:00 show.  (Tickets are 10.00 and do require a two drink minimum).  The room is small and tables are scarce.  Get there early!  Even though the show was supposed to start at 10:00, it really didn't get going until 11:00  A minor annoyance, especially once the show got started.  We got to enjoy six (6) different comedians.  All funnier than the last.  Best $10.00 spent, to date.  I like Stand Up Live, bigger names and bigger acts.  But with that, bigger prices.  i.e. tickets are $25.00 a piece before taxes and service fees. Drinks are also a 2 drink minimum, the difference being the price.  The venue is bigger.  But if you are interested in supporting local acts, come to Robbie Fox.  Great local talent, smaller prices and a more intimate feel.  By the way, I laughed until I almost cried.  (This is a good thing!)
4	While in Downtown Tempe Last week I had to give Robbie Foxes a try.  I have heard about it many times but usually only visit Downtown Tempe when the ASU Cattle(students) are off grazing else where. A nice example of an American/Irish Pub, Robbie Foxes had quite few Import beers on tap as well as a few Great Craft Beers!  Who would have guessed?  A much better beer selection than most of the true Irish Pubs I have ecountered here in AZ.  I did not eat, but the food I did see passing by looked Fantastic. This place is a little hidden & off the beaten path.  I would guess this is a benefit as I noticed nice clean bathrooms, a slightly older crowd & no holes in the walls or other abuse that is common in the Tempe bars.All in all a nice place for a pint. Go Now Young Grasshopper!
3	Can't really stand a pub with countless TVs - that's a sportsbar - but that's kind of what Americans want, so I can't dock for that.  The beer selection is highly Western EU, as one would expect (and hope for?), but outside that realm is very little.  The hosts were all pleasant and helpful.  The inside bar is much more legit than any other part of the property, but generally chock full of the douchier crowd - worse so than elsewhere in the lounge.  I have no qualms with Fox's, but also am not in love with it.
3	The food I had here was great. I tried the black pudding it was crazy good.Everything else was meh.
1	We made the mistake of stopping here on my birthday last year. The inside was packed, as was the outside back bar. So we went to their side bar (which was much more open), they only served Blue Moon, Bud Light, and 3 kinds of Skyy Vodka. Instead of fighting the other crowds, we cut our losses and opened a tab there. Its started to rain, so we went inside to the only open space, the front dining area. When we were ready to leave an hour later, my fiance went to close his tab at the side bar. It was closed. So he went to the back bar and waited another 30 mins for one of the bartenders to get to him. Turns out it was the guy we'd had at the side bar. He asked where he could close his tab since he had opened it at the side bar and that was now closed, the guy said "At the side bar." "But its closed, you served me over there." "I DONT HAVE TIME TO HELP YOU." and he went to the next person at the bar.When my fiance went back inside, obviously pissed, he ran into one of our friends and told him what just happened. One of the bouncers overheard their conversation and asked " Did you get your card back?" They do the open tab agreement rather than keep your card. Since my fiance had the bouncer replied " Then just leave. That guy doesnt deserve a tip anyway."Robbie Fox's: Rude bartenders, pretentious food, rad bouncers.
5	The best pub in America. The atmosphere is truly inviting, as true pubs are.   As for me, my favorite bartenders are Brandon and Tina. They are the best. The place is spectacular. It keeps to the pub fashion till about 10pm. Then they redress it a bit for the young college partiers.   The food is devine and the selection of drinks is superb.   All-in-all, five stars is a severe understatement.
4	A fun place to hang out, the food is good and the people are fun!
3	Decent. Not anything to write home about. Food was good. Drinks and beer good. At least they had Odell's! I could careless about Irish beer. I did not like the end of the bar outside with the red velvet rope for special guests and the owner, please this is not LA.
3	This is an ok sort of Irish bar.  They don't have Guinness on tap which I've NEVER seen at any Irish place.  The food I've had here has been decent.  The bartenders have generally been friendly and fast with service.  They have live music sometimes but what I've seen hasn't been very good and I've seen management fight with bands over what they should be paid so that is a bit unprofessional to do that in front of customers.  It is worth checking out for a few drinks and a bit of food.   It also seems to be one of the better places to watch sports.
5	I love this place. Especially on Thursdays! Yes, it can get a bit packed on the weekends but the atmosphere is very fun. (Given that it is a Irish pub) A lot of people do not know this but on Sundays you can bring your dog with you during Sunday brunch. If I can bring my Boston Terrier Russell with me to lunch, count me in!! :)
3	I've only ever been here on weekend nights, post-dinner hours.This is a great place for skanky ASU girls and jocko homo-type yahdudes. I wrote a song called "The Whore Parade" inspired by the nonstop show of hoe-iness at this place. I'm too old to hang out at college joints.Also, the bars are always insanely swamped so it takes a while to get a drink.
5	If it feels too crowded and packed on a weekend, try giving Robbie Fox's a chance on a thursday night.I am helping run a free weekly comedy show @9pm full of local funny people trying to hone thier act. The show runs around 2 hours long, and again... it's free.I would at least recomend stopping by to see if you like it. If nothing else you can just wait around in the comedy show and beat the line to get in the club. Just saying.
4	I had a great time at Robbie Fox's Public House. We went there one night during our bar hopping experience to dance, dance, dance. I'm glad that there was a patio area where we can just get loose because the air outside really helped out. Music was blasting the entire night and not one of the songs was boring!  Drinks here are pretty standard and affordable. Will come back for more!
5	Wow! Robbie's is fantastic! It is hard to say what this restaurant and bar hasn't done perfectly. The decor is amazing, filled with anything nad everything that has ever inspired Irish culture. Looking for something awesome? Then check out their bar. It was brought over from Ireland and was the actual bar that a famous IRA leader was shot in. The bullet hole is still there in the glass. Talk about classy and interesting! The food is great. The fish and chips are pretty darn delicious and I've heard the lamb stew is to die for. My boyfriend loves the shepherds pie and almost always gets it when we go there (if he doesn't get fish and chips).Their bar is extensive and they have a lot of Irish whiskeys from 8 dollars a glass to the vintage at 30 bucks a pop. I don't drink whiskey but for my boyfriends birthday we went there and he pretty much tried everything. Robbie's doesn't carry the shit whiskey and his selection allows a new person to try things for reasonable prices.The only complaint I have about the place is very minor. They have a server there, a blond foreign woman (her accent is pretty thick). She can start to get really rude. I've sat at one of her tables twice and both times she got a little snippy after I requested something. This last time it was when I ordered the burger and asked about sauces. Now I don't rate this into the review because she is only one person and I think she has the ability to be great if she could just 'chill' a bit.Anywho, 5 starts Robbie, this place is great!
5	Love love love this place!!! Yummy corned beef, great music and friendly staff!
5	Great pub with real atmosphere.Very good food, much better than the usual pub grub.Great beers.In my humble opinion the best  bar in Tempe.
5	I jwanted to say that Friday night, January 20th, my husband and I held our wedding reception at Robbie Fox's banquet room and I MUST say that Alex Ewing and her crew went ABOVE AND BEYOND to make our wedding reception so special and fun! Everything looked amazing and just how I pictured. The food was perfect!!! The staff was amazing and accommodating to my cake lady. The snacks were good, huh?? ;) You guys gained LIFE LONG customers and new friends!!! We love ya!!!!! Love, The Callahans :)
3	1/2 of everything on the menu when i was in here which was pretty cool. Sampled a few beers, they have an alright beer selection when it comes to the craft beer world.  tried the hummus and the pulled pork sliders which was perfect for a light lunch. Atmosphere is nice inside, a lot of space both inside and outside.
2	The bouncers are dickheads for no reasons. There are plenty of better places to go on Mill.
3	I have been to Robbie's a few times, both with very different experiences. The first time I stopped by with a girl friend for a quick drink right after they opened. We saw some familiar faces and had a really great time. The patio was however a little small for my liking. However, when we stopped back by again this past weekend, my boyfriend and I, on the Yelp.com scavenger hunt I was pleasantly surprised to see they expanded the patio. Very nice! I was however, disappointed with the service. We sat down at a very slow bar, I think there were 4 other customers sitting at the bar, one of which I think was an off duty employee. First, the bartender didn't greet us, I was the first one to make conversation with him, he kinda of acknowledged me, I asked to try one of the beers on tap, he said ok, but then took almost 6-7 minutes to pay any more attention to us. Taking a food order for the off duty employee before helping us none the less, rude! Once he took his head out of his ass, and wondered back down the bar to greet us, finally, and ask for our order I still had to ask for the taste again. He then took another 5 minutes to pour the beers. We were in a bit of a crunch for time so we wanted to get our check pretty quickly. That wasn't going to happen I could see. He was off wondering the restaurant looking for silverware, delivering food, walking in circles... who knows. Even after I told him we were part of the Yelp event he still didn't clean up his act. We asked the other bartender for our check and all he did was get the attention of the guy with his head up his ass yet again. Umm thanks dude. We finally paid our tab and hit the road. The prices definatly were something to like, only $5 a beer, Stella and a Heogaarden, nice!I am sure I will be back again, but someone please help out this guy, he was in la la land and needs to come back to the bar.
5	I love to go to Robbie Fox's.  The people are friendly, The food is good.  The Craic is enlightening, The Bar is stocked with beverages I like.   A great Irish Pub
1	Good food and atmosphere during the day (lunch to happy hour). However, it gets ridiculous on the weekends. $10 dollars a drink that probably cost them $1 to make is absurd and straight highway robbery. Go for lunch, stay clear at night.
5	This place is really the perfect bar to wonder in to on a random afternoon.  If you ever have that craving for a Guinness and a fish and chips, this is really a great spot for that.  The feel is exactly what you want from a pub.  When I walked in, I told myself that I would have one beer, and order some food to go, but because of the atmosphere, I ended up staying for two perfectly poured creamy beers, and an order of fish and chips.  My only complaint was that for $9, I only got one piece of fish.  It was so good, that I wish I had bought the $12 portion, to get one or two more pieces.  I'll make sure to do that next time.  I also took out a half chicken sandwhich and a caesar  for my wife for only $8 and she loved it.  When ever I'm in tempe, I'm going to make sure I stop here.  The atmosphere is classic, the service is friendly, and the beer is really top notch.  Perfect!
5	I always love coming here the staff is always so polite and the food amazing!
1	Used to love this place till I met the owner! Never going here again!
4	Okay, so this place is legit. Dance floor is usually/always cleared for the dancers (my brother and I). We do get irish drinks such as smittys, guiness, bombs, and such. The waitresses are very friendly (and not to mention cute). A few things i will say I dont like.. right when you walk in the front door, the bathroom smell is pretty strong with either urine or puke.. Not good.. also on the thurs-saturday I believe they only do plastic cups for guiness and such.. Not good again. This stuff is ment to be drank as a pint sized GLASS! But regardless its one of my top places to go, as well as the other 200 people there.. ahah
4	Best burger I've ever had (outside of at-home meals) hands down.
3	There was a day when I didn't want to give Robbie Fox's in Tempe a chance.My friends and I had gone there before a concert, since I had a gift certificate to use. We walked straight back to the patio, where I was amazed at the hot men-filled crowd--there were maybe three guys to every one girl, probably there for happy hour after work since the majority was dressed so professionally.Besides the eye candy, though, the menu selections seemed dismal for a vegetarian. And after sitting down not even being greeted for 15 minutes, we just left and went somewhere else.But I still had that gift certificate to use.So, solely because of that, I went back with friends for some day drinking and noshing. Though the Irish menu still left a lot to be desired by my palate option-wise, the food I had was stellar, and the service was better this time around.One of the great things about Robbie Fox's is the large selection of cheap drinks. Any bar that serves Framboise ($5) makes me happy, and there was also an array of Irish whiskey. Drinks start at only $3 for bottled domestics, and that alone is worth a trip.For my meal, I ordered really the only thing that sounded appetizing (since they don't have veggie burgers)-A Toasted Special ($9). It's just a basic ham and cheese sandwich on white bread, and I left off the ham and onion and added avocado in addition to the tomato. For my side, I got an amazing house salad with ranch, which was full of hearts of palm and leafy greens. The sandwich was a little bland for me, but you can't really go wrong with grilled cheese.My favorite part of the meal was dessert. We shared a Chocolate Tower ($6), which was an amazing concoction of different chocolate mousses put together. It was so creamy and so rich and melt-in-your mouth. I could have eaten another one.I liked Robbie Fox's so much that I ended up going back for more, and this time I also tried the oh-so-phenomenal Baked Rhubarb ($7), a cobbler dessert with warm rhubarb. It was even better than the Chocolate Tower, which was pretty near impossible. For a casual bar like this to have such wonderful desserts is very impressive to me.So, lesson learned: Robbie Fox's is definitely worth giving a chance. The patio is gorgeous (and it features live music at night), and if the desserts and house salad are any indication of the rest of the meat options, then the rest of the menu is probably great, too.
2	Oh Robbie Fox's, since your opening the taste in my mouth has been pretty lousy. I hate to say this because who dislikes an Irish Pub? NUTSHELL: good for drinking - strong drinks, the bartenders and wait staff are OK.The food is GROSS. The most recent attempt was for a Happy Hour - ordered, shriveled chicken fingers so fried up and curled into a breaded mess, humus with pita (STALE) and veggies, their little pig in a blanket (sausage in pastry) with mustard (the only tasty thing about this was the mustard), otherwise the sausage looked like the mutilated remains of a botched circumcision. On a Friday/Saturday the place is packed and if you are looking for a place to surround yourself with the youth of Mill, here's a great place. If you are looking for the character of a pub - you'll get it, but it will be a scrubbed down, Disneyland version with high gloss finish and disgusting food.
1	Absolutely horrible service. Went on a Wednesday night. It was dead. My girlfriend and I sat in the back patio. We were only there for drinks. In the span of 2 hours, we were served 3 drinks, 2 of which we had to go up to the bar to get ourselves. The waitress only showed up to check on us after she noticed us at the bar. The bartender was obviously inconvenienced that he had to change the Hoegaarden keg. If the service is that slow and inattentive on a dead Wednesday, I can't imagine what it's like on a busy weekend. This business has no idea what customer service is and doesn't deserve to last another year.
5	Good food, people and drinks... come early because Friday night the joint get packed... bread pudding is very good ask for the ice cream made with Jameson liquor Irish Wiskey
4	Great hh and great service! And they have Murphy's on tap.
5	Phenomenal food and great drinks. I've always gotten great service and it truly has the feel of Ireland. Not like some of these posers out there.
4	I like!!Great night life to it!! Really nicely designed inside and super nice bartenders as well !!! :) New top favorite on Mill Ave for now!!!
4	I must admit that I have yet attend Robbies as a restaurant patron. As a bar, this place is pretty great. Most Thursdays-Saturdays its packed with college kids partying. It's a lot of fun and pretty crazy. They have an in door bar, two patio bars, a dance floor, beer tubs all over the place, and most everyone is dancing outside. Some nights it can get a little too rowdy for some people. But see how you hold up.Sunday night they have live music and the place dies down big time, which is great if you love live music and a little peace with your beer. Usually it is some sort of acoustic set (very chill and laid back).Other nights of the week it can get fun, especially when closing time hits, and I HEAR it's a great place to eat, but i'd save it for the drinking.I recommend beer! or vodka redbull.
3	Pretty much standard bar food and drinks on Mill Ave.. Was there today during the festival but they had a limited menu w not many choices..best part was the outdoor bar and eating area.  Hummus and flatbread was above par.
1	Drinks are fairly priced/service pretty good but the food was tasteless and stale.  Have had some fun nights here but have recently lost interest.  They keep the line moving at a snail's pace and it takes another 20 min just to get a drink at the bar.  They have some very aggressive bouncers who i've seen take advantage of kids one too many times
3	3.5 stars.I like this place. They have a huge patio, good prices and people always seem to be having fun whenever I go. But this semi-recent trend of creating a "VIP" line is pretty cheap and disingenuous. Basically, you pay 5 bucks to wait in a shorter line because they make the main line obnoxiously slow. I will usually pay the cover, but it's pretty lame to do to customers. As far as layout goes, it's probably the best place on Mill since there are three different bars throughout, as well as several beer tubs. Getting a drink once you're in is usually pretty easy.I haven't tried the food here yet, but hear it's pretty good and look forward to trying it soon.
4	I really liked this place! The best part is the large patio area... on the weekends, they put the DJ outside and that's where everyone dances. It's perfect for girls who like to dance their asses off because 1.) no sweating and 2.) no frizzy hair!The bartenders are dope too... free drinks, free shots, LOTS of liquor = I LIKE THAT!If we ever decide to come back to Mill Ave., which I doubt, we'll definitely come here.
4	These are very nice people, the food is excellent, though me thinks they need a few more menu selections.  We will be back several more times - family and all.
3	I have been here before a couple times before and never reviewed it ! *gasp!horror!* Anyway, this was my first stop drinking on Mill last night with a couple friends for pre St. Patrick's awesomeness and I thought it was just ok. We got there at about 9:30 and it was not yet terribly busy. We got a couple car bombs (my friends had never had one before!). The first round was not difficult to get, but we waited a looong time to get a second round. I was happy that the bombs were only 5$ each (not sure if that was a special or not), but they were on the small side (beer served in a highball glass...hmmm). After (finally) getting our second round we went to find a seat, but there wasn't one available (a lot of seats were reserved for something or another leaving little available seating to begin with), so we ended up going to a different bar. I know the last time I was here a year ago or so it was so busy I could barely breathe, let alone get a drink and the time before that it was totally dead and a large group of us got happy hour food which was pretty mediocre. I would not rush back here, but I wouldn't completely avoid it either....so 3 stars it is!
5	Nice bar area located in the heart of ASU downtown area, Mill Avenue.  Great selection of alcohol and liquor.  The menu and happy hour is pretty nice.  American/Irish food fare.  Alot of flavor.  Moderate pricing.  Atmosphere is relaxed with 3 different bar areas and outside seating.  Flatscreen TV's and background music added to the ambiance.  The menu has the story of pieces and parts of the bar.  A pretty good history concerning Michael Collins.  I give extra bonus points for Single Barrel Jack Daniels, and score, Robbie Fox's does serve.
5	It is a great place with great crowd and good service. If you are on mill this is the only place you should go. Avoid all the other bars
2	The food was pretty good. I can't complain about the burger that I had, that's for sure! The service was terrible though. The place was empty and it still took a sever 10 min to make it over. While we were waiting three members of the staff, and a manager, were within 7 feet of us... Their view of us was not obscured. Yet it took walking over and asking to get any acknowledgment. The sever was rude and dismissive. It's a damn shame, because the cook is doing a great job in the back. Too bad the wait staff and manager can't handle their shit.
4	We stumbled upon this bar after having dinner after hearing them bump music. This was a pretty chill bar. They had a great outdoor area which is ideal when it's warm out and it gives everyone some breathing room. It also was awesome for everyone to dance on. Their beer selection was standard but the music was really what made it awesome cuz they had a good dj that night. This doesn't really have anything to do with the business itself but the crowd was cool and everyone was pretty chill.I'd definitely want to go to this bar again when I'm in town next year for tubing.
5	What a great place! I love the patio. They are friendly to cigar smokers. Jazz on the patio in Saturdays is relaxing with a great live jazz band. The revamped menu is delicious. Check it out!
5	This is my favorite bar in Arizona. I've been coming here for 2 years. I love that they have Strongbow and Magners -- two delicious ciders. It has a great atmosphere. Food hasn't been that great, but I'm excited for the upcoming changes to the menu. Dog friendly patio too!
1	Since the management changed the place has gone down hill. Food is terrible. Never again.Used to be a regular but bad cold food killed any chance of me returning.
2	Well the down town Tempe location is great of course. The staff was great and I guess they just changed ownership. The menu was small the food was just so so. I had the shepherds pie , it was ok not bad. Wife had the corn beer and cabbage, the corn beer was like a steak not that tender.  We also had the corn dog sasusage which didnt look appetizing. It did taste better than it looked. Was kinda dark as I also seen the fish and chips that looked dark on the breading.  The people were great beer was cold.  They need to work on the food and menu. The sitting area in the inside was kinda weird.
5	Sad this is closed!!:( I loved coming here for food/drinks. Owners and employees were very friendly and I always had a blast. Please come back Robbie fox!!!!!
