5	We received a recommendation for this company from our realtor who has used them many times.  Over the past 10 years I have had at least one a/c company at my house per year (mainly for the nasty summer tune up that we all need).  This company was OUTSTANDING - and I don't say that easily.  They were at our house within 24 hours of me calling.  Even better, they weren't supposed to show up until the early afternoon hours, but knew I was in a time crunch and they got there in the morning instead (now that's unheard of!).   The tech was professional, and very nice - as I was home with my kids I didn't feel awkward letting him into my home (something that I cherish as I have had some really scummy A/C techs come out before).  He was very knowledgeable about his service and took the time to answer my (probably asinine) questions.  Their prices were fantastic!  And the best part - they diagnosed the problem quickly, and actually FIXED it without trying to sell me anything (again, when the heck does this happen?!?!?!!!).  This is the first AC company we have had that came out and didn't tell us our system was too old and try to sell us a new one. These kind of AC companies are hard to find in Phoenix. We will use them in the future and I highly recommend them.
5	OK guys this is a review on steroids!!!!!If it's honest, hard working, diligent, polite, responsible, qualified people you value, give AZ Eddy's Ac a call.These guys go over the moon to get it right----------THEY call YOU back to see how things are going. They are up to the challenge of problem solving.I hesitate to say so much good because I don't want to everybody to use them and get overwhelmed but they are something not found in today"s workforce I'm a president of HOA IN Scottsdale and they will get our business.
5	We were referred to Bob at AZ Eddy's AC through our home warranty company (Home Warranty of America).  I'm always a little bit nervous, as I prefer to get personal referrals --- but a broken A/C and a home warranty, I'm at their mercy.I was very impressed with Bob.  A couple reasons why:1) He's responsible -- He takes time to call the homeowner to set up the job, is reachable by cell or text always, and there were no dreaded no-shows2) He's professional - He double and triple checked work to make sure everything worked correctly after installation.  He also did the legwork to get a crane out to our house (we have a roof unit) and made sure the work area was prepped to keep the crane guy's hours to a minimum. 3) He's genuine - He took time to explain to me that the replacement option given to me by the warranty company was a solid option.  I could do better (higher SEER rating), but for the size of the cooling area it wasn't worth the money.  All in all, very nice work.  Thanks, Bob.
5	Arrived promptly. Provided detialed report on tune up and clean of coil. Great value.
1	We had Bob from AZ Eddy's AC install a new AC unit at our house a couple of months ago and it still is not working properly. Bob was typically late when he would show up for the job and seemed to rush through the work and left without testing it. The unit fails to shut off and doesn't blow cold air for hours sometimes. We had Bob come back out once and he blamed the problem on a dirty air filter (which wasn't very dirty at all). So a few days later when the unit did the same thing, Bob came back out and determined it was a bad thermostat and tried to charge another $150 to fix something that was working before he tampered with it. Also, Bob smelled like he had been drinking. I'm putting in a complaint with the state against his contractors license and hopefully something can be done about his behavior and lack of abilities. I would definitely think twice before hiring these guys.
1	This guy was very rude on me on the phone when asking about HOW TO GET HIM PAID!  He then started doing work not covered on the home warranty without calling me with estimate or information. He was only apologetic when confronted on his behavior.  Will not be using him ever again.  he was though very nice when he told me what he would be charging me for work he didn't ask to do!
5	AZ Eddy's is my Air Conditioner repair/maintenance guy for life.  I've been using them consistently for about 3 years now, and usually work with Bob, and I have absolutely never been disappointed.I needed them to come out ASAP to fix my AC in the middle of an AZ summer (over 100 degrees of course) with two kids and a wife at home  -- he came out promptly the next day early in the morning.These guys (or is it one guy?) are very honest - they will not overcharge you even if given the chance.  I have even assumed that more repairs were required, i.e. new Freon, but he assured me that this was not the case, it was some other fix that didn't end up costing me anything.
5	I had another local AC company come out and look at one of our AC units.  They gave us an estimate on "repairs" needed to fix the problem.  I called Az Eddys for second opinion....WOW.....totally different problem than the first company and only a small fraction of the price as well!!  We got their number from another friend who posted positive review on FB.....Thank you....the guys were very professional, pointed out what was wrong and how to avoid it in the future.  Will definitely use them in the future should any problems arise!!
