4	Outpost of the LA donut shop and quite the find! Open 24/7 with a larger-than-expected selection available late in the afternoon. We sampled: old-fashioned (my barometer for a good donut), plain cake with chocolate glaze and sprinkles, raised glazed, and chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and nuts. All fresh-tasting, not greasy, and not too sweet. When looking for a place to satisfy your sweet tooth, this place is perfect!
2	It's winchell's.  It's okay, but you wonder....
3	Winchell's Donuts went extinct in my area decades ago, so I was delighted to find one across the street from the Mandalay Bay while visiting Las Vegas.  Relative peace & quiet away from the bustling mega-casinos and an inexpensive breakfast were just what I was after!This particular store (restaurant?) is located in a strip mall, sharing space with a Subway and next door to a liquor store.  Open 24 hours a day, and cheaper than just about anything that can be found across the street in the casinos.As for the quality of the goods here, certainly nothing special.  I had a bagel breakfast sandwich, a couple of donuts, and coffee for a grand total of about $7.50; it did the trick.
4	This location shares its area with Subway. So it always have a mixture of wonderful smells.They are usually stocked with fresh donuts and this is the only donut chain I have found to make my favorite chocolate chocolate with nuts on top. YummyThey are open 24 hrs and the staff is usually pretty friendly. You get a bakers dozen (14). One thing if you park in the front which is a normal thing to do you may have issues with Taxi cabs because the strip of stores there is a place in there they all like hanging out!!
2	I went here to try a Winchell's Doughnut since there has not been one in my area for quite a while.  I went there around noon and asked for a glazed doughnut.  I would assume that this is the most popular and a staple of any doughnut shop.Apparently they were out of glazed doughnuts.The two stars goes to the staff, they seemed truly disappointed that there were unable to meet my pastry needs.
