5	Nice people, clean place, great prices. I'll probably be back for sure. : )
2	Great store with a huge selection but you have to really watch it to make sure you are getting a good deal. The price tags with the "original" prices don't seem to be on the level. My recommendation is to shop the real store or online to get an idea of how much you'll pay for what you want and then go to the outlet and compare to similar item to see if you can get it cheaper (and watch out for the high pressure upsell). You won't find the exact same merchandise but I was surprised to see the latest colors and prints there... I had been expecting it to be all last seasons stuff. Unfortunately this leads me to believe that a lot of what they sell there must be made specifically for the outlet. I guess time will tell if its the same quality or not.
1	This is a nice Coach store, but doesn't operate on the up-and-up like other stores. You need to be a cautious shopper here. While entering the store, we were greeted and provided an additional 50% of coupon. But, while they say everything, don't be so sure. Some items marked down 50% didn't qualify with the coupon at check-out.Management explained that the marked down item was already part of the same sale. Huh? Management was cocky and stated they would be happy with any rating at all - seemed like they didn't care that they were using crafty marketing ploys to drive sales. This just wasn't a store that delivered a great customer experience.I would highly recommend the Coach Outlet store at 9621 W. Glendale Ave (Glendale & L101); I think you'll be much happier and have fewer surprises.
2	Gone are the days you could go into a Coach outlet and find last season's purses you've had your eye on for months. They are definitely making styles that they only sell in the outlets and certain department stores now.You may have to dig through a lot of tacky looking purses to get to something great. While you may find something trendy, you'll end up paying more than what you would have a few years ago. The ironic bit of that is they still do have great sales, but you're getting a discount on a full priced purse.We did have some great finds this trip, and the majority of the staff is super helpful and hilarious. Unfortunately we ended up with a cashier who obviously wished she was still retired. She couldn't answer any of our questions and practically made stuff up when we asked how to clean a certain bag. The manager and head cashier were even standing right there discussing new hire training as the woman struggled to help us. Also, we were buying the bag as a gift and when we asked if it could be wrapped, she just shoved the box into the shopping bag and told us we could do it ourselves. Classy. Most coach stores will wrap up your purchase even if you are buying for yourself. Too much to ask from an outlet I suppose. Next time I need my Coach Outlet fix I'll just wait for a trip through Palm Springs.
1	Poor Quality, rude employees, My recommendation, is the save up the extra funds and buy retail (if you have to have Coach.
5	I am a purse freak! I love finding the cutest and nicest purses, so naturally, I wanted a Coach purse. I bought my first purse in July! Yay! Go me! I had it for about 3 months and it started ripping. I was upset but had read about their lifetime guarantee and repair service. I brought it back to the Coach store I purchased it at and paid the $20 shipping fee. It took about a month to hear back but when I did, I was so shocked! I had purchased my purse for $80 because it was in clearance and it was a 50% off day. When I got a letter from Coach, inside it said, "We are sorry that your purse did not meet the expectations of Coach. Enclosed is a merchandise credit for the value of the purse." It was a credit of $287!! I had to do a double take because I thought for sure that wasn't right. I paid 80 and got 287? Needless to say, it was correct. I had the option of getting my old purse back in lieu of the credit but why would I? I went back to Coach and bought a nicer purse, travel bag and money left over. I guess the saying, you never know unless you try, was the moral of this story! The purse I have now is wonderful and the staff was very helpful.
5	Great selection, and fantastic price!
5	Went to Coach outlet looking for a specific type of clutch in mind,  was looking for a small over the shoulder clutch that could hold a small wallet/passport traveling papers, that wouldn't take up much room and can have under a jacket, unfortunately I did not find what I was looking for this time.  What I can say, I walked in at 6:50pm and the store was set to close at 7pm, they did lock the doors, but not one customer clerk gave me the feeling that I should rush my shopping trip, my questions were answered and was given time to browse around.  Even though I walked out empty handed, I have to say customer service was excellent and I will back, I need/want more purses and clutches haha.
4	I love the opportunity to find the good deals but agree with previous reviews about the hypercolor selection and lack of varety at discount prices. . Accessories are deeply discounted and truely the place to go for just accessories.
5	This Coach outlet is awesome. Well mainly for girls, but there are some products for men here as well. Almost everything in the store is very affordable. On top of everything being at a good discounted price they also almost always have a sale on top of that. Also if you are on your mailing list you can get a coupon mailed to you that you can use as well. What's cool is that they let you stack coupons here. Guys take your woman here when you want to get them a gift. You can get a lot for your money and they will leave smiling. When mama is happy everyone is happy.
