3	Dullard's, er, um, I mean Dillard's is your daddy's department store.Tasseled shoes.Pleated pants.Tommy Bahama shirts.Sad. That's just sad.
3	This place is hit or miss. You see, I have strict rules when shopping: buy nothing at full price. So, sometimes, when the stars align just so, I find some pretty amazing deals on the sales racks. But, you have to carve some time into your day to shop these racks, for there are several of them scattered through the store. I typically walk in and make a sharp, right turn. Last time I was here, I bought 3 new shirts/pseudo-jackets for $30. Ya can't beat that, especially when you get staple items that lend themselves to mixing-and-matching. So, in that sense, I love this place. Yet, finding these rare finds is, well, rare. Mostly, I find I can't fathom the idea of wearing 100% polyester or spandex blends in Hell's Armpit (Phoenix). I want cotton, damnit. Is that too much to ask?
4	I really like Dillard's and I am not just saying that because my future mother in law works there.  My office is attached to fashion square mall so I am able to peruse Dillard's on breaks and keep an eye on when things go on sale.  The sales are the key at Dillard's.  Once every few months they mark everything that is on clearance an additional 30% off.  I score tons of clothes for my nieces and nephews for next to nothing. I have also got some nice jewelry and shoes during this sale.  Dillard's probably doesn't do it for all the Scottsdale folks who define themselves by the label on their jeans, but it works for me and my family.
1	dillards. we were once friends. a very good friend of mine was shopping here last week. she was carrying a top searching for the fitting room when the employee approached her and asked if she needed help. my friend said she wanted to try the top on, to which the employee said, 'i'm sorry, i hate to be honest with you honey, that's just not going to fit.'my friend was obviously horrified and left the store immediately. i was shocked to hear this. this is one of the most unfortunate things i have ever known anyone to experience.
1	You know what?  I love Dillard's.  I love this chain.  I used to work for them when I first moved to Arizona, actually, and while I quit it almost immediately (let's face it, some people just hate retail work), I've always liked their selection.  Their pricing can be fair, and it's just a step between Sears/JC Penney and Neiman Marcus.  It's a good middle place.But the Dillard's in Scottsdale Fashion Square is the PITS.  I went here the other day on my lunch break.  I was actually thinking of shelling out some serious cash just to get a pair of jeans that would last awhile and look good.  I walked by not one, not two, not even three, but SIX employees who did NOT offer to help me in any way.  One even looked at me with her eyebrow raised like she thought I was going to steal something!  Was it because I was in no makeup and glasses?  Would I have had better customer service if I'd come in wearing my contacts, makeup, and a skirt?  Seriously, people...I assume it's the same as when I worked there several years back--that pay is dependent on both the hourly wage and also the sales rung up.  Are you honestly going to tell me that SIX employees had no interest in a woman carrying around a pair of $100 jeans?I just shrugged and got a pair of Levi's instead.
5	I don't know why this store has such low ratings...I've always found the Scottsdale Dillard's, the largest of them in America to be top notch. The selection here is fantastic, compared to the selection at PV Mall or Arrowhead. The men's department isn't crammed into a corner here either. It's huge! The women working in the men's department are also very helpful, especially the women in the coats department. I can't remember her name but she's from Chicago and is so friendly. I bought the nicest Suede jacket here a few weeks back, no regrets whatsoever!It's shocking to me that such a good store is so poorly reviewed, but I guess I've had a better experience at this store than most people.
4	Dillards, at the Fashion Square Mall in Scottsdale, is one of the anchor stores in this busy shopping mecca. Their Men's Store is well stocked with all of the latest fashions. The Polo Shop is always a good place to begin a browsing session. The Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall has a reputation as being one of the PREMIER shopping venues in the Southwest. Stop in...you won't be disappointed.
1	It's too bad you can rate a store ZERO stars. Dillards is by far the worst store on the mall - especially the shoe department. Every time in the last 2 years I have walked through, not one person has even looked at me. I tried to get a pair of sale shoes the other day, but they didn't have my size, and the girl told me there was "no way" she could look to see if another store had them. We send people to the moon and you can't even LOOK for a pair of shoes.
4	Been shopping at this Dillards for 10+ years LOVE the help I get when I'm there.
1	Well, on this particular visit the associate in the men's department was pretty douchey. The associate was busy racking items and I guess did not see us approaching him as he walked back and forth putting clothes out. When we got close enough my bf asked him about a particular brand of clothing and with hardly any recognition replied in a rude and unprofessional manner. Really didn't make me or my boyfriend want to spend any money in this store. On to the next store :).
5	I don't come to Dillard's expecting a Nordstron-like shopping experience. If I need to be pampered, I go to Nordy's. Dillards is where I come when I already know generally what I want, and I know no one is less expensive. IMO, Dillard's strength is their competitive pricing and their unbelievable sales. For years, I assumed this was only temporary, the Arkansas-based retailer will randomly go upscale. They've never done this and as a result, I still love shopping at a Dillard's.This isn't to say the service is bad, it's just that store employees do not out-number customers and sometimes this can "feel" like it's the case in a Nordy's---especially in Men's suits.
5	If you don't know about Dillard's then I'm not telling you!
4	I don't know if I should say I love this place or really dislike them.  They are dangerous.  It's like they know my number.  I was supposed to just passed by and head to another store, but I couldn't help it. I saw the shoe sale, they have it every few months now.  Tons of shoes for 65% off.  I guess a girl cannot have enough shoes.  Hey, my pretty shoes don't care if I gain or loose a few pounds.  Today, I got 3 more pairs. Danny helped me out, he has been in the shoe department forever.  I remember him helping me since 2006 at least, wow, that is 6 years now.I love some of the Gianni Binni Dresses, too (that is the house brand).  They are very well made and if you are lucky enough to catch them on one of the big sales you can score a great dress for under $80.00
5	I've recently become a fan of higher end department store shopping. Quality clothes just seem to fit better and Dillards at Fashion Square is one of my favorite stops. This location outshines the PV Mall shop, with more space they offer wider selection of sizes and styles. Sometimes you just stumble on the perfect item that fits you just right.For only $100 (on clearance of course) this weekend I picked up a tailored suit, I do love a great bargain. I might have spoiled myself with this as my first tailoring experience. Im guessing $100 is no where near the norm and at that price I might just be able to get some new shoes to match; BONUS! A few times a year you can catch these sales and clearance events. While I generally wouldn't mistake Dillards for a discout shopping retailer, their normal prices are what you would generally expect to pay for Boss, Ralph Lauren, Perry Ellis, and Calvin Clein.If you're not stopping in during the normal retail rush times like saturdays from 11am - 2pm or during a holiday weekend, shopping here is a pleasant experience. They seem to be staffed appropriately and you can usually find someone to help if help is needed. I generally don't like people helping me shop and the staff can usually tell when people prefer to shop by themselves and will leave you be. If asked if you'd like assistance, a friendly "No thanks!" is usually all it takes. Shopping here just makes sense.Happy Shopping my friends!
4	Great mix for the whole family to enjoy!
4	I have to say last week I went into Dillards to purchase a last minute birthday gift.  I purchase an item from the Coach dept.  The girl was very attentive and wrapped in the Coach box, took the price tag off etc.  Anyhow, she didn't have a ribbon, so I went up to the wrapping area and the associate put a creative ribbon, cute ribbon on the box.  I was very impressed and fully expecting to pay a few dollars for the wrapping.  No charge...she stated.  What excellent service, which is why Dillards-Fashion Square is one of my favorite department stores to shop at.
4	The people in the shoe department were very helpful for such a busy day. The clothing department and cosmetics similarly provided very good customer service. The sales are great. I also like that they changed their credit card rewards where you can earn $10 certificates and not just the 10% certificates.
3	Located at the Fashion Square Mall, this Dillard's is my favorite location to shop.  It's a typical Dillard's with multiple levels.I like to shop for casual clothes and accessories here.  Sometimes I will find a deal on a suit or sports coat.  The employees here are not as friendly as some other Dillard's that I've been to.....most of the time you have to look for one and ask them for assistance instead of them offering to you.Return Factor - 70%
4	I have not been to Dillard's in awhile.  These place is HUGE!  It is a maze.  The employees were nice.  I was greeted 3 times just walking through.  I didn't find anything that I wanted this time.  But it is alots of selections!!
4	Dillard's is a store that grows on you. First, their square footage is huge. At least twice as large as the nearby Macy's, maybe ever three times as large. What do you get for all that extra room? Choices. Lots and lots of choices.For example, they don't just have one Ralph Lauren Polo shop, but two.  In the back near the escalator and men's colognes departments, they have another for XLT guys.  Being tall, I find their XLT shirt selection a godsend. Dillards also does a nice job with markdowns.  No matter when we come here, there is always something you can find in their "closeouts" section marked 35% off.  Nice!Like my friend Marisa S, Dillards seems to have my number.
4	It took me and my family a while to become a full on Dillard's fan and this store location is what finally made that happen.  We have a small Dillard's in Flagstaff and another in Prescott.  They're OK in a pinch but pretty small especially compared to this super Dillard's.  Over the year's I've stayed away from Dillard's preferring Macy's (which I still do) but THIS Dillard's is a close second.  The sheer size of this store is impressive and makes one wonder how the Macy's store at this mall can compete but it does. I enjoy shopping with my wife who is a bargain hunter extraordinaire so most of my experience here is with her.  Despite being frequent visitors to the Scottsdale Fashion Center, believe it or not, we didn't actually visit this store until last fall.  My wife and my son's girlfriend were looking for dresses and we all finally ended up here.  There were having some kind of major sale and it seemed like almost every dress (and there go as far as the eye can see) was on sale.  They always have a huge selection of colors and sizes.  Chances are if, you can't find it here, you probably won't find it elsewhere in the entire state of Arizona.Overall I still prefer Macy's for its discount and frequent shopper rewards but this Dillard's is our second go to store for family clothes and shoe shopping.  Highly recommended.  I would have give it 5 Stars if they offered discount and frequent shopper rewards like Macy's.
4	This Dillard's location is very nice. I have been here a couple of times recently for various items, dresses, boots, makeup, etc... and I have been very happy with the selection.One of my favorite designers, Karen Kane has a very large section at this particular location and sometimes does trunk shows here which is great. The customer service has been good at this location and I feel like the associates are helpful without being overly aggressive. The jewelry selection is really good here as well and I have found some really nice pieces at great prices.I have not shopped all departments of this store but they do have anything from housewares to children's clothes to bedding. A lot to chose from. The price range can be from very expensive to very affordable depending on the product and or the sale going on. Overall this is a great store for many items. I would recommend it when shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square.
5	This is my favorite store! It's a traditional department store where you can get everything from clothing and shoes to kitchen appliances, bedding, jewelry, and home decorations. Basically, if you need it, Dillard's has it.... and likely at a much better price than you expected.Plus, not only do they carry name brands they also carry a large selection of private and exclusive labels that are well designed and inexpensive.Dillard's... it's my go to store!
4	A rather large location for a Dillard's store and it has a ton to offer in all that space. It was very clean and well stocked.  We did have to search for a staff person to check out our purchase, but the options are there and they are organized in an easy to look through fashion.This anchor store definitely outsizes and out offers some of the others in the mall.  I recommend stopping in if you have the time just so you can see all the things they pack into this one!Overall: AA definite must stop in for this mall.
1	While I do not have a problem with the merchandise in the store, it has most of what anyone would want, I have a HUGE problem with a few of the employees. I was shopping today and tried on a few dresses that I decided not to buy so i put 2 back on a rack right outside of the dressing room and then put another I was debating on back on a different rack. I left after that with nothing. I got a few steps out of the store when a security officer stopped me and made me walk all the way back to the managers office at the back of the store. I inquired as to why I was being taken back, as i knew i had done nothing wrong, and he just smiled and said the manager would let me know. A couple of the women that worked in the department in which I had been shopping smirked as we walked by so I assume they maybe said something but of course I can't be sure. So I followed and he took me to the security office where I was asked to sit in the detaining room, which resembles a small cell. It was then that I had enough of the entire situation. I refused to sit down and another woman looked at me and asked if I had anything that belonged to Dillards. I immediately said no and opened my purse to show them. Of course there was nothing in there. I was given a quick shoulder shrug and a "sorry" before i opened the door and left on my own. While I understand that shoplifting is a serious crime, I feel like I should have been assumed innocent until proven guilty WHICH I ABSOLUTELY WAS NOT. I was expected to sit in a holding room without any reason as to why I was in there, and only a quick "sorry" when they realized they were wrong.
1	I was with my girlfriend on a Saturday afternoon, just choosing dresses for an upcoming wedding we are to attend this summer.  She picked out some great dresses, and we were off to the fitting rooms.  Now this is we had the problems.  I walked into the fitting room with her as usual (to help her with zipping them on).  I have done this numerous times throughout the day at Macy's and other dept stores without any problems.  I was then yelled at by an "employee" who told me that I WAS NOT ALLOWED IN THERE!!!.  My girfriend and I felt threatened and instead chose to find another fitting room.  We decided not to argue with the "employee"Then we walked about 100 feet to the right of the juniors department and found a fitting room, and a rather helpful associate helped us in, with no issues whatsoever about me having a penis.  We were in the middle of trying on our third dress, (which we found one that we really liked, and fit well too), then another employee came knocking on the door stating that "MEN AREN'T ALLOWED IN THE FITTING ROOMS" and I explained that I was just helping her zip on the dress, and had no intentions other than that.  She said she would help her zip on the dress if she needed it.  I explained that she did not feel comfortable with anyone else touching her, and seeing her in the fitting room without me being there.  That was not satisfactory enough for the employee and I stated that we would would be leaving and no longer be customers of Dillards ever again.  What  a shame, as Men are treated differently than woman, and just because I happened to have a penis, then I wasn't allowed.  We were planning on making a purchase on a Sunny Sunday afternoon, and some employees just made our day a hell of a lot worse than when we walked in.I later called the store that afternoon to see if I could speak with a manager, and was given one over the phone.  The conversation was about how I was treated, and she stated that they don't' let men even be employed in the Juniors dept. What a sexist policy.Don't let your 1955 set-in ways hit your ass on your way out of my wallet you sexist, chauvinistic "company"
3	Dillards has been at Fashion Square for as long as I can remember coming to Scottsdale.  It is a decent department store with a wide range of designers.  Not a ton of the designers I like - I find most of what they sell for women is either too young (such as BCBG) or too fuddy-duddy (such as Reba McIntyre's clothing line) for my age range and style.  But they usually have some pretty good sales, so I always pop in to see if I can find any unique Michael Kors, Calvin Klein or Elie Tahari pieces.  There have been a lot of times I've seen an item in Canada and have gotten it a lot cheaper here.  Great shoe department - I think they could do a bit more to spruce up their accessories department though.  It is an older store and somewhat in need of a makeover.
4	Best clearance sales when coordinated with a Dillard's card.  Scored on 2 Perry Ellis polos, a Hugo Boss T shirt, two pairs of Calvin Klein trunks, Hugo Boss swimming suit for $118.00.  Cha-Ching!  Sales staff is helpful and relaxed, only annoying thing is sometimes the dressing rooms are trashed out with mounds of clothing laying everywhere.
4	Dillard's is one of the anchor stores at Scottsdale Fashion Square. It is spacious and well organized. Dillard's carries all the popular brands and latest trends. The sales associates are very helpful and willing to go above and beyond to get you the item(s) that you are seeking. Every time I go, I find something on the sale rack!  And there is almost always a good package deal in the fragrance department. :-)
5	Best Dillard's I have ever been to!!!  I visited Scottsdale with my mother recently and we like the service and the clothing choices so much we returned 3 different times on on three night stay in Scottsdale.  We still are talking about all the fun we had there.  You guys are doing something right in the ladies clothing department for sure. Sandy Garcia was our favorite associate there!! She was extremely helpful!
1	I have only ever been to two Dillard's in my life in two different states and I have been treated like and ass both times. I came in for a pair of sunglasses that I could have easily gotten at the Hut. I thought I would get better service here. Right! I waited at the counter for 5 minutes before I asked for help. I now know who owns crusty the cat. The look on this broads face was priceless. I had already picked out the glasses I wanted to try on. Third time is the charm and I said I would take them. Not a word out of her. Now I am standing at the counter and I hand her my credit card..... Then I hear from the other side of the display that if I want to sign for my purchase I need to come to come over here? My friend looked at me and laughed. I walked over and signed for my purchase. The receipt was put on the counter and the associate walked away. I don't think I will never step into a Dillard's again. It can't just be my luck!
2	This is one huge store. Walking through looking for the men's department I felt like I walked a mile. They have everything but no good sales going on when I was there. Store is clean and the racks and shelf's were in order. Plenty of associates around some friendly some well not so friendly. Sad part the unfriendly ones set a bad example and makes me wonder if I will return. Nice selection but the workers need to step up a bit.
