1	I went to this place because I bought a Groupon for 30 Dysport units (just enough to treat the frown lines between my brows.). I arrived 15 minutes early for my 5:00 appointment. I FINALLY got in for my FIVE MINUTE PROCEDURE at 6:05 - and then waited longer for the doctor to appear - making us late for my husband's physical therapy appointment. The receptionist - after the third time I asked how much longer it would be - finally deigned to tell me "Oh, we're running about 15 minutes behind". Meanwhile 5 people went in ahead of me. After getting into the room, I noticed things looked a just little shabby, and there was an (open!) syringe on the counter. I should have insisted that I be allowed to watch the draw of the product - but, foolish me, I trusted all was as it should be. When the doctor finally appeared she was pleasant enough, though she tried very hard to talk me into an additional Dysport injection in my forehead I declined. Now, 2 days later, I have yet to see ANY results, which leads me to suspect either the Dysport wasn't applied properly or perhaps I didn't get the full dosage. I've used this product several times in the past and usually only require 20 units of Dysport (and about 10 of Botox) to treat those minimal lines. All in all, a frustrating spend of our limited time. I won't return.
3	I went to see Dr. Underwood as I needed a new PCP.  The office has very limited hours to see a doc so I had to wait 2 months, which since there was nothing wrong, no problem, I was just going in for a checkup.I filled out the paperwork beforehand and faxed it over trying to cut down on time.  This would have been fine except the paperwork was not put in the system for us when we got there, so no time saved.The office staff is friendly albeit slow.  The PA we saw was FANTASTIC.  She spent an hour with me, going over medical history, information and answered all of my questions and didn't hurry at all.  I was FLOORED. I haven't been to a doctor who has given me that much time, well, ever.This is the reason I will continue to go back and be satisfied.
1	My experience here Dr Hollis Underwood should thank me that I have only written negative complaints to her directly and now in yelp. The experience I had here would be worthy of a complaint to the medical board. I called to make an appointment to establish myself as a patient the Monday after Labor Day and was in need of an urgent visit as a follow up from an ER visit after a car accident. The first available appointment was December 3rd. I was forewarned that Dr Underwood doesn't limit her time with her patients to the 15 min insurance companies allow her to bill for and therefore requires her patients pay an additional $150 a year. On the phone I was told I could decide to pay this fee after my initial visit but that wasn't what happened when I got there. There was a terrible wait. Then I wS taken back for some preliminary tests and brought back out to wait some more. I was given really unnecessary tests for someone in their 30s such as a bone density test, EKG and the list goes on. Dr underwood was eager to diagnose me with several severe diseases none of which I even had adequate symptoms to consider an adequate concern she was dying to give me a Pap smear but I had seem my Gyno for my annual well woman exam the day before so that too was unnecessary. Her staff for the most part were short and abrasive and her scare tactics were disgusting and unappreciated. Most outrageous was that she ordered tests be sent to me to do at home and send back without ever discussing them with me. Unacceptable!!!She doesn't contract with reputable medical facilities like medical imaging and instead has a mobile unit out of another state come to her office monthly. WTF???When I voiced my concerns to her in writing there was not even an attempt to apologize or clear up any confusion. She was simply happy to keep my $150 and who knows what she was collecting from my insurance and let me move on to the next doctor. I did immediately seek a second opinion and all of her serious concerns were found invalid at Scottsdale Healthcare. I always enjoyed the prizes in Cracker Jax boxes myself but I prefer my doctors licenses carry more credibility than the cracker Jax prizes.   Run, don't just walk away from this one and see any other doctor instead.
