1	Attempted to purchase some football gear for my son there today.  We tried for about ten minutes to get the attention of the shoe guy and when he did 'help' us it was obvious that he didn't give a s--t at all.  All he could do is grunt and point at product.  I asked him a question and all he did is walk away.  When I approached another employee he gave the same attitude.  I went to MC Sports off Midvale, spent about 150 bucks and was treated very well.   S K I P   T H I S   P L A C E !!
5	Great one stop shop. Lots of Under Armor, Nike and Adidas work out apparel. Upstairs outdoor gear The North Face and Columbia. Speedo TYR, Nike and other great swim wear. Lodge department everything for hunting, fishing and camping. Need golf supplies? Got it and even a simulator to try out the clubs or get some pointers. They have all your sport needs covered!
2	They generally have a good selection but the staff is rude and unhelpful for the most part. Their prices aren't the best, either. If you're not on a tight budget, know exactly what you want to buy and where it is located in the store before you walk in it's a great place to go. Otherwise, I'd go to a specialty shop.
3	I think everyone knows Dick's....it a big box sporting goods chain store.  They have a lot of general stuff for all kinds of sports.  My experiences here have been mixed....Fishing and hunting?  A really decent selection of supplies and the people usually really know their stuff.  If I come here, it's usually for lures, shells, or other gearShoes?  They have a great selection of all sorts of shoes, hiking boots, waders, etc., etc.....  However, I've not liked the help in the shoe section...good perhaps for general stuff but, I'll stick to Berkley Running for my running shoesCycling and Kayaking?  Perhaps fine for the casual user but, the people that I have had "help" me in those areas, really did NOT know their stuff...I think these sports are perhaps too specialized, or something....stick to Rutabaga, Willy St., and WilliamsonAthletic clothing?  They seem to have a good selection of general workout type clothing.  I've bought such clothing here as gifts for others, prices are reasonable.Golf, Hockey, camping, others?  Can't really speak to these other sports though, they do have large sections for each of them....enter at your own riskHint:  it can be hard to find help in this huge place, especially during busy times, go early in the morning, right when they open....this is often when the most professional and experienced staff are working and you can get the best help.  During busy seasons, days, holidays, etc.., it seems you get more of the less experienced, or seasonal help, that really just don't know their stuff
4	What can you say about another sports apparel store? Well this is right at the west towne mall and they it is massive. They have something for every single sport you can think of. The thing I really like about the place is that it is always really well kept. Not really a lot of clothes scattered everywhere; no equipment just sitting on the ground or anything. The one final thing I would say is that the staff is hard to find when you need them and they are not always super willing to help. All in all, this place is just as good a place to get your sporting goods.
1	You know those moments in life where one just wants to look at someone, roll their eyes, and shake their head? Yeaaaap. Well that about sums up my entire experience at Dicks today.Besides having a bottomless pit of an appetitie, I happen to have Sasquatch like sized feet for a woman. So finding the right running shoe is sometimes more difficult than it needs to be. Regardless. I had caught wind that this store stocked the shoe I was seeking. Word to the wise: if you need help, good luck. It took me 30 minutes to get someone to help me. I'm sorry, but its a Saturday afternoon. You would expect a mall store to be busy on a Saturday. Staff more people. I understand people get sick, but this is always a problem when I've ventured here...I can never find someone to help me. And when I do, it is like I am speaking a foreign tongue. Never having worked in retail, I know very little about it. However, I had the exact name of the shoe I was looking for, the size, sku number, the whole 9. I even wrote it down. In plain English and handed it to the salesperson. They looked at me like I was handing them a snake when I handed them the info regarding the shoe I was looking for.Dicks, get your act together. You're failing. Over and over.
5	Not sure what other reviewers are complaining about as far as staff goes. Yeah, the place is enormous, but I have always been able to find somebody to help me whenever I go in there, no matter what time of day. Not only have I always found help quickly, but the staff has always been super helpful and friendly as well.Huge, well-lit, clean, and organized store. If you need any kind of sporting gear, you will find it at Dick's. Fabulous, diverse selection of gear at reasonable prices.
