2	Risking my life for a run-of-the-mill haircut....First of all, for those of you going to this great clips from Squirrel Hill: good luck.  Write a will.  Kiss your children goodbye, since making a left turn across Brown's Hill Road is about as safe as playing on the interstate with steak knives.Going to this Great Clips is a little like playing haircut roulette: you never know what you're going to get.  I've been twice now, and once I got a pretty decent cut, and once, well, I kind of looked bald.This last trip was actually pretty bad.  I went at about 10:00 and they had a line of five people, with two stylists.  They said it would be about 20 minutes.  It was actually about an hour.  And the sad thing is several people came in after me, and at one time, the line was seven people long, and they always said it would be 20 minutes.  20 minutes seems to be the standard answer, so take it with a grain of salt.While I was there, I did see one nice thing: they fix bad haircuts for free.  An old lady came in unhappy with her cut, and they got her in right then.  (No waiting in line for re-do's, apparently.)  The stylist was very sweet with her and fixed it for free.  I kind of wish I had known they fix bad haircuts, but then again, there's not much you can do when your hair's so short it looks bald.  Eh.  It grows out, right?
2	An ok haircut for an ok price.  You get what you pay for at this place.  Defiantly hit or miss as far as haircut quality.Staff was not very pleasant.
2	Just like the others this place is terribly hit or miss. I went twice, got a decent cut the first time from a nice and almost too cool for that kind of place woman and a horrible haircut another time. The woman who cut my hair the second time must have forged her license, she split my hair down the middle and cut everything the same length before I had a chance to say anything; she gave me the worst, most blunt and unflattering haircut I've ever been given. I have also seen that same haircutist (because stylist she certainly isn't) butcher a poor little boy with a botched crew cut, I didn't think it to be possible.
2	I only come here when I have those moments when  I think I need a haircut right then and there. I don't know why I have tortured myself and returned. 3 times I've been there. 3 times I've asked for short in back, long in front with a severe angle. 3 times I walked out with a plain jane bob. The employees *try* to make small talk but just end up talking to each other about how much they hate working there. At the end of the day you get what you pay for- a cheap generic haircut.
1	Worst haircut ever... I'm actually embarrassed to be in public. The so-called stylist apologized, yet blamed it on the notes in her computer (I've been here in the past, with less devastating outcomes). In my opinion, she should ask prior to unleashing the clippers on people. Never again.
3	You get what you pay for.  No one should really complain about a haircut from a place that is a chain. Staff is friendly, not saying that they remember who you are, but they do store your previous haircut in the computer. So don't be surprised if they remember the number they used on the clippers.  Most staff are easy to talk to, but avoid the one that talks about anger management when he has a pair of scissors in his hands.They do have an app for smart phones that allows you to schedule yourself for an appointment so you don't have to wait as long. Also, I give you kudos for using 'clippers' as your dividers between stations. Although I don't always feel like I'm sailing when I'm here.
4	I had a very pleasant experience here. I was heading home for the weekend and decided I wanted to get a quick cut before I left. I checked in online, but ended up not really needing to, since there was no one else there. They had notes from the Great Clips I had gone to back in Michigan, so they already knew what I wanted. The stylist was very friendly and did the typical haircut chit-chat. It was very quick and efficient. I had a very simple cut (just clipper work) and I was in and out in maybe five minutes tops. They gave me a coupon for my next visit. I will definitely be going back.
4	I just wanted to trim my split ends without the hassle of a hair appointment and spending a lot of money. I went to Great Clips the service was great and I only spent $14 plus tip. I will check in online next time but the wait was reasonable.
4	It's your standard chain hair salon. The staff is always nice and talkative, sometimes too talkative--is there a way to make a note in the computer as to if you like to be talked to or not? ;-)Reasonable rates. They offer discounts/coupons frequently. I do LOVE the online check-in via the app. Makes it so much easier to check in and decrease the wait time.
