4	About every other day on my way into work I have a choice to make. Do I make a right and go to Mickey D's for a sausage mcmuffin with egg, then have to wait at the light to cross over the traffic at Deer Valley. Or do I make a left on 23rd then right into the Wendy's parking lot for a new Artisan Sausage sandwich? The first time I made that decision I felt like going to catholic confession. "Dear Father, forgive me for I have sinned. It has been 24 years since my last confession. I cheated on my favorite fast food breakfast today..." After that day, I always drive by and wave at the relationship with McDonalds that I kicked to the curb for the hotter better breakfast fast food. The sandwich is awesome, soft artisan bread with fresh cracked egg (yoke still intact) asiago cheese and a "not greasy" sausage patty and hollandaise sauce. The potatoes are country style wedges with the skin still on them. The coffee rivals' dunkin doughnuts and the drive through is super efficient. Can you believe that they actually take the time to look at my CC and thank me by name? Before you go out to your local Wendy's in search of breakfast bliss, check to see if they serve the new menu items. I have driven 15 miles off course and to three restaurants looking for the new menu items in the east valley. Not all restaurants carry the new breakfast menu. McDonalds I am filing for divorce and I want alimony for all those years that you could have provided me a healthier better tasting breakfast sandwich. My breakfast lawyer will be contacting you soon.
4	Mary runs a top notch operation at this Wendy's, I don't like throwing 5 star reviews every where I go, but this place deserves it. Whether there is a line of 10 people or no line at all, you're out of there within minutes, and my order has always been correct. It makes me think that all fast food restaurants would have a better rap if they adopted the way she runs the store. It's nice to know that I'll truly be in-n-out in no time at all. Thanks for the good service Mary.-A customer right down the street.
4	Wendy's new burgers are SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much better.  I love the thicker cut and the new butter buns.  That sounded dirty but seriously they are a night and day difference.  Pair that with the seasalt fries and for fast food you got a nice meal.  I will for sure be back.  oh and p.s. the caramel apple parfait frosty is good but it's really small compared to what you think you may be getting and for the price it's not worth it in my opinion.
4	Wendys hasn't been Wendys for years now. It is owned by Arbys. But either way this is a very good "Wendys". If anyone noticed, the food turned to crap awhile ago. If you are craving Wendys, this one is pretty much the cleanest in the area. The workers actually seem to care! This is my favorite Wendys.
4	Solid Wendy's location. I come here for lunch sometimes and the food is hot, quick and the order is correct.   the workers are nice enough and they even asked if I wanted ketchup in the drive thru which is almost unheard of these days!  The new burgers, french fries and brewed iced tea is my personal favorite!
4	For a chain this store is OK.Clean and friendly staff...and the place is clean too!The food is hot most of the time.Drive thru gets my order filled correctly every time. No shorted items that I can remember.Their prices are higher than another Wendy's less than a mile from this one. Probably because they are so close to the highway.
4	I've never had a problem at this Wendy's. It is one of the few drive-thrus that don't screw up the order. Food is always fresh and hot. Those pretzel-bun bacon burgers are mighty tasty, in case you were wondering.
2	Usually this is a good location. I actually drive out of my way past another wendys to get to this one. My chili was not hot nor was the container filled. My nuggets were old and stale. Very disappointed after this visit.
5	I agree with most other reviewers... They are pretty darn fast for lunch rush in drive thru, never had a mistake on my order and the people are nice in drive thru. Good for them at serving people the right way.
