1	Tried their guitar lessons for my child. Will never go there again. The teacher was so foul tempered, he broke the strings off my child's instrument on her second lesson; no apologies; blamed her for having the wrong kind of instrument; ranted the rest of what was left of the half hour lesson  and told her she needs to buy the second more expensive book. This may not reflect on all their teachers, but for me - this it it with music masters.What was worse is, when I reported this to the management - they were not apologetic at all until I told him I may report this.  He was justifying the behavior and said some parents like teachers to be that way. What parents are those???? :) No kiddin. Anyway, to their credit, he fixed the damaged instrument free of cost. He also gladly accepted the first book that I was asked to purchase on day one - for charity. Did not offer to refund, so I did not ask. Don't want anything to do with them anymore.I am sure there are better, healthier places out there for innocent music loving kids.
5	My son has been taking weekly saxophone lessons at Music Masters with the same instructor for over 5 years.  We are extremely happy with the progress he has made and the quality of his lessons.  He also took guitar lessons for several years from two different instructors at Music Masters, both of which he really enjoyed.  Both my daughter and son have rented their musical instruments with Milano at Music Masters.  Repairs are never a downtime issue, as the instrument is swapped out for a new one if there is ever a problem.  Milano also has a very generous rental credit program toward purchase of a new instrument, (at the Milano Music Store in Mesa) which both of my children took advantage of as they became more proficient.  Music Master sells all books, music, reeds, strings, cleaning materials etc. that a student musician would need.  Staff is friendly and always able to lend advice when asked. Quality lessons and fairly priced. The location is close to our home.  I would, without any hesitation, suggest Music Masters to anyone wanting to take music lessons or rent instruments.
5	Thank good ness for Music Masters. My daughter, grand daughter and friends have been fans of this amazing full service music store. Location, service and quality are tops. Througout the years, all the lessons they have taken (guitar, piano, Trupet, violin ) have been superb. I have seen these young people develop strong musical  skills and an appreciation for their instruments. I am next to take lessons. Daven D.
