4	If asked to described this place i would call it 'Americanized Chinese' but in a good way. For one the two servers I had interaction with didn't have thick accents and when asked for their opinion on certain dishes they actually gave HONEST OPINIONS. For example, i noticed there were Curry Puffs on the menu, i asked her if they were Singaporean style (used to work for Singaporean people and zomg their curry puffs were bomb) and said she had no idea what i was talking about, the curry puff they sold were pork filled dumplings in a barely noticeable curry sauce. WOW what an honest response!!i decided to order the most expensive of the Wok Tossed Noodles (wow they didnt call it fried or stir fried) which was the Seafood Chow Fun. She asked if i wanted it wet or dry. all my life i was NEVER asked if i wanted my chow fun wet or dry. Went with wet because never had wet before.my baggie came and i took it to work and opened up the bag. They gave me rice which i thought was weird, i ordered noodles why would i want rice? anyway the serving size was HUGE and tasted like what you would expect Chow Fun to taste like. The most noticeable thing about the Chow Fun is that i got full off the seafood and veggies and at the end had a box full of sauce and noodles.Overall good experience and i'll come back for lunch specials on days i work.
4	Yes, totally Americanized Chinese food. But sometimes, that's exactly what this devil white slave master of a white American wants. And holy oh my god, Golden Dragon delivers.It's as if they have a complete set of the New York City Chinese food delivery restaurant food tubes installed in the restaurant.The sauce for the fried dumplings is a flavor extravaganza- which is exactly what I want it to be: salty, tangy, and SWEET. In my experience, most places miss the sweet component of the dumpling sauce, which I feel is a mistake.The General Tao and Orange chickens are moist and juicy chunks of meat fried in a light and delicate but still crunchy batter and covered with sauces that make my eyes roll back in my head. I'm not usually a fan of the orange chicken, but the orange isn't overwhelming- it's subtle. Same for the general's chicken... the spiciness comes as the aftertaste. *drool* YOU CAN WILL FEED MORE TO MOUTH HERE, PLEASE?My feeling is that this place is a five, but I've only been twice so far, and I'm sort of a whore for the fried saucy chicken meat, so that's really all I've ordered yet. I'll expand into the menu and add more details after I've tried more plates, but I expect to upgrade their rating if I find the rest of the items on the menu anywhere near as flavorful as the things I've tried so far have been.They offer an all you can eat lunch buffet for $6.95 per person, and for $10.50 per person for dinner, you can order "any items from the menu...as much as you can eat...dine-in only." Holla!This being said: you probably won't find black egg on the menu, so if you're looking for "genuine" Chinese experience... yea, keep looking.
5	Yea- it's totally worth the five. I've never been unhappy with anything I've ordered from here. And I've totally eaten for less than ten bucks, too. WIN.
3	I had a severe hankering for Chinese food, and I didn't want to drive across town to Long Life Vegetarian to fulfill my need. Well, the wife and I had stopped at Smith's for some shopping when I noticed out of the corner of my eye, a sign...that said Golden Dragon Chinese. I didn't event blink and the next thing I knew I was standing outside looking at the menu. It seemed standard for your strip mall Chinese, and they had some veggie options. When we walked in, we were greeted by the waitress. The place was a bit empty, but it was after the typical dinner time (7:45pm) so we thought nothing of it. The dining area is actually bigger than you would think looking from the outside. It is well lit, and it is immaculately clean. A big plus. The menu was pretty standard. We went with veggie & tofu chow mein (the wife's sweet and spicy, mine standard). We also ordered the cream cheese won-tons. However, we didn't ask, and found out that the cream cheese won-tons do contain fish. Bummer...I was craving those real bad. The service was quick, we had our entrees in about 10 minutes or less. The servings were massive, enough for 2 meals. The veggies were very fresh, and cooked well to leave them still a bit crunchy. The tofu was cooked well, but it wasn't firm. The sweet and spicy dish was actually sweet and spicy. Not too spicy, but enough to give it some interest. For 2 entrees and 1 app it came to under $20 which was also nice. I would give the place 4 stars, but need to check it out again, and ask more questions about the veggie friendly fare.
4	Best hunny nut walnut shrip ever!! My fav chinese restaurant in vegas :). Always has best customer service.
2	SAMPLE BEFORE YOU COMMIT! Their all you can eat for $10 or whatever it is can be a little confusing. If you get something and don't like it you have to pay for it, therefore ask for a sample. We started with the chicken and beef terriyaki. Oddly enough it doesn't really taset like teriyaki and you have to ask for sauce because there is none on it. In order to not have to pay for the unearth we had to choke it down. From then on we asked for samples before we comitted. Overall I don't think the food was that great.
3	I recently tried take out here after a very hectic work day. We walked in about 15 minutes before close and were very surprised to see two people in front of us and another who popped in after us at almost 10pm on a week night. I ordered the sesame chicken and my fella got the sweet and sour he was craving for over a week. This is very Americanized Chinese food, but that doesn't mean it's bad necessarily, you just need to know what to expect. The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating. They have a nice dining area, so I'd be interested in checking this place out one evening for a sit down meal as well. We got home and everything was so nicely packaged. We had not leakage from the packages whatsoever, which was a pleasant surprise. My sesame chicken was a bit on the sweet side, but good. My fella's sweet and sour was my favorite. They served the sauce on the side, which is the way I prefer it and I was able to use the sauce sparingly.They advertise an AYCE buffet option for lunch, which seems interesting. Overall, the place was just ok, but the service and staff were definitely great. I'd probably come back, but there's no rush.
5	For the price you pay I love this place. Nothin better than good ol fashioned heaping portions of Chinese food. Prices are roughly 7-10 dollars for a meal that could feed you for 2 meals if you really wanted it to. My favorite is the house special sweet spicy chow mein with pork chicken and shrimp.  I tell them to make it extra spicy for me and man am I in heaven.  They also have really tasty wonton soup. The inside of this place could probably use an update but then again I almost want to say it's going to take away from the whole family owned charm of it all.  If I had an asain grandmother who knew how to cook.  I would imagine it's like this. I love you golden dragon!
4	I was part of a group of 10 that were there on a Friday night and had a very good experience.  We had the "all you can eat" dinner for $10.50 per person, and had a feast.This menu is not limited to cheap items like fried rice and chow mein. We had everything from BBQ Ribs, several shrimp dishes, garlic chicken, pineapple beef and more!  The food was great for the price.  All of the people I was with enjoyed it tremendously.  I noticed some of the creations were slightly Americanized, which is probably a good thing because it seems most of their customers are not Chinese, but I think even natives of China would still enjoy the food, especially for the price!Our group liked it so much that we'll probably make dining here a regular event.
3	Stopped in here for lunch the other day so I could try them out since we just moved in down the block. Found out they had a lunch buffet for $6.50. What a great way to try out a few things on the menu!The place is pretty out dated inside and the staff was neither great, nor terrible. They were OK for servers during a buffet I guess. The buffet was a bit disappointing as they seemed to put out very little food at a time. Seems they are trying to be very cautious as to not waste food. I appreciate them not wanting to waste food but it makes it frustrating when there is only a spoon full of most items left in the tray when I go up.As for the food itself, it was about what I would expect for a 6 buck buffet. Nothing spectacular but just decent chinese food. The chicken items (General Tsos and Sesame Chicken) were probably the standouts to me if I had to pick something. The fried rice was a bit disappointing but I would try it again fresh and not off the buffet line.All in all, not a waste of a trip, especially for 6 bucks! I will give them a try for take out and update my review.
2	I had the house special chow mein to-go for 8.10.- a bit better than panda express. pretty bland. - small portion for the price. few meat for their combo- 8.10 for chow mein and their AYCE dinner is10.50? bad pricing. - i have to come back to try AYCE. eating individual platters aren't worth it.
2	I had the AYCE lunch buffet on a monday for 8. -I ate the fried rice, chow mein, fried shrimp and chicken, sesame chicken, mongolian pork, potstickers and egg roll. All seemed microwaved except the fried chicken.- For being their first customer that morning, i'd expect fresh food, but far from it. - it comes with soup, sweet and sour and egg soup. pretty good. - For the OC peeps, its similar to the china bistro, but worse. potstickers are pretty gross. - less sauces. - friendly service, but the quality of food isn't good enough to come back. - I'd pay the extra bucks and just go to krazy buffet.
3	I went there cuz it's a buffet.  It was ok.  Your typical Chinese fare, Beef Brocoli, seasoned chicken, noodles just to name a few.  Not too many selections, about 12-14.  Can't go wrong for $7.  Go to some Chinese takeout place and you'll get charged the same for only 1 selection.  Here you'll have several selections to chose from... and get seconds or thirds.  No complaints about the service.  It's the epitome of food on the cheap.
2	Tried this place twice last week. It's located in a strip mall next to Supercuts. First to try their $6.50 AYCE lunch buffet and second time to try their $10.50 dinner buffet since I was told it's order from the menu and not a serve yourself buffet like at lunch time. I might be slightly off on the exact price, memory fails me atm.  Arrived in middle of lunch buffet, pretty slow, only 4 others in there. I was seated immediately and asked if I was doing the buffet, said yes then headed for buffet line. The decor and ambiance was ok, nothing spectacular. The food was ok but a few items looks like they were sitting too long and the egg fu young was hard as a rock(I actually grabbed a piece with the tongs and it made a nice banging sound against the side of the metal tray). Had some fried rice, kung pao chicken, chicken with green beans, general tso chicken n some egg rolls. The eggs rolls were fresh, nice n crispy. I ordered hot tea with my meal which was $2 or 2.50 extra. When the waitress asked if everything was ok, I mentioned the EFY was dry and hard and if they were going to make another batch. She said no, they were not going to put anything new out on the line since lunch was about done. This was when there was still over 1hr left for their lunch buffet time.Suggsted to a friend to try here for dinner a few nights later. Only other people eating was a group of 6 when we arrived. Complimentary was fried wonton strips with 3 dipping sauces.  Sweet n sour, a chili garlic and some other sweet sauce I couldnt quite tell what it was. Same waitress I had for lunch previously too. We asked some questions pertaining to menu. She made sure we knew we'd be charged for anything not finished. When she was asked if there were any dishes with bitter melon or pot roast pork, she had never heard of those items to our surprise, let alone it being on the menu. The eggplant with spicy garlic sauce was really good and savory.  Mapo Tofu was 1/2in or so cubes of tofu on top of a very mild and thick sauce with a few diced carrots and peas and no pork or meat. I ordered beef with black mushrooms. It was smothered in this really dark n thick and really salty sauce garnished with 2 pieces of choy sum on the side. The fried rice was decent.  My friend had salt n pepper pork chops that he said was good.I noticed the waitress and another worker both visits were sitting in the corner booth busy manually snipping green beans.Overall its not too bad for the price but definitely not great.  Ok if youre nearby and just want cheap food to fill up on but besides that Id probably pass in the future.
4	They had great prices and good food. The only thing I would say is that they put to much teriyaki sauce on the chicken when I had their teriyaki chicken dinner. The pad thai was awesome though!
4	Very friendly, accommodating staff. They do no salt for my Mom's dishes and when they found out I was vegan they offered to make me veggie spring rolls instead of the usual pork ones.also, the salt and pepper tofu entree is AMAZING. crispy fried yumminess.I always go take-out (order on your way to grocery shopping and it will be ready by the time you get through Smith's checkout) so I can't comment on the decor. Dated but clean.
1	Thas was absolutely horrible.  The table cloth was dirty.  The buffet was small and not very appetizing looking.  The bathroom was moldy.  Stay away!
5	Amazing Walnut Shrimp, and the best Egg Foo Young I've ever had! Quick delivery too.  Still craving their food today. Will definitely order from them again soon!
4	This is our go to take out or delivery Chinese food place that is closet to our home. Don't be scared that this place feels small or seems like they have no one dining in. They make their food very quick and its a great place to swing by the pick up food on the way home. We've never dined in and that is not what I would suggest but only to do take out or delivery if you live in the area. They aren't the best Chinese food out their but ain't too bad. They have their off days but its usually pretty good. Good fried rice, chow fun, egg drop soup, hot and sour soup, and general Tao chicken, these are our favorite picks.
1	A friend and I went into this establishment on a Sunday. They had no seats available, as there were large parties they were accommodating. There was a hustle and bustle about the waitress and host. After about ten minutes, we were seated. I asked about the egg fu yung and its sauce. He mentioned that there were two different sauces, and asked which one I wanted. I told him the New York-style. Then all of a sudden, he told me that they were out of egg fu yung...after he asked me what I wanted! He said that they were out of egg fu yung. I know how to  cook egg fu yung, and it's just a few ingredients mixed in egg. Anyway, I told him that we needed a minute to make up our mind. I didn't like the vibe of the restaurant, maybe because it was so busy, and the waiter seemed rushed. I really wanted my eg fu yung, so I asked the lady waiter why they weren't serving it. She told me that they didn't have time to cook it. They were busy. What the heck! That was a first for me, as I have never just been told they a restaurant doesn't feel like cooking your order. I dislike this place and will never go back.
3	It is like a pick your own buffet. You can  order anything off the menu. Cannot take home what you don't eat. Price is reasonable.  Good to go there with 4 or 6 people.Can eat for hours and hours.  The food is.ok. Ilike the  MuShuPork. Spare ribs.I had shrimp with black bean sauce... They forgot the sauce.All and all, a good value.
4	I live nearby and had seen the little place a couple of times but wasn't really sure about it, but i gave it a try a sunday i was in the mood for chinese and i didn't regret it. I had the lunch buffet special and, even though they don't have a great variety to choose from like other buffets, the food really makes up for it, specially the orange chicken, i loved it! In fact i'm kind of addicted to it (and believe me, i don't usually say the "L" word that often). I really like going here cause the food is good, they price is very accessible and the staff is nice. If you don't mind a small place and want to have a good meal for a very good price, this is the place.
1	We were feeling very hungry and too tired to cook dinner so we ordered us some Chinese. I had the general tso and my boyfriend had shrimp lo mein. The only perk was the total with delivery was only $18 which we can now see now why its so cheap. Both dishes had absolutely no flavor at all. Even the appearance and smell was just BLAH. Every other place I've gotten general tso from at least has some kind of vegetable in it. This has not one piece of veg. Sorry guys, you gotta step up your game!
4	For our first visit to Golden Dragon we met some friends here for dinner who recommended it.  We walked in and I felt as if I were in a time warp, back to the Brooklyn Chinese restaurants of my youth.  Well, not my youth youth, since a morsel of Chinese cuisine never touched my lips until I was 12.  Every other Brooklyn Jewish family in the golden days of Brooklyn (oh, I forgot that now Brooklyn is trendy, so it's someone else's golden days),  "went Chinese" on Sunday.  It was The Law.  But my family was Kosher, even at home.  No Chinese food on paper plates for us.  But I was a rebel, so the first chance I got, at my friend Regina's sophisticated Birthday Dinner Party, I ate the forbidden fruit.  Regina's mom promised not to tell mine, though she'd promised her that she'd provide Kosher salami for me.  Yeah, right.  Nothing like feeling different from your peers when you're 12.  And it was good.  And I was hooked.But in those days, pre-Hunan, pre-Szechuan, pre-Mongolian, there was only Cantonese.  And that's pretty much what Golden Dragon is all about.  I can't say that my sophisticated palate still loves the blandness of that cuisine, but what we ordered was mostly very good.  Not so much the Hot and Sour Soup because, after all, that's not Cantonese.  Even though our dinner was fairly recent, I can't remember what else we ordered, except for some spare ribs and an excellent Egg Foo Young for appetizers, and we sampled our friends' very tasty walnut shrimp, but everything was pretty yummy and well-prepared.  The service was terrific.What bumps my rating from three to four stars is the value.  Where else can you get a 40 course dinner - if that's what you want - for $10.50?  Anything or everything on the menu, as long as you finish what you order.  No doggy bags.  None.  But clean your plate!!!  Oh, and they've raised the price a bit, since they now charge $1pp for tea.  But it was very good tea.
2	Buffets don't get much worse than this.  My wife always says that I'll eat any Chinese food, and generally she is correct.  I know the difference between fair, good and excellent food, but I enjoy all three when it comes to Chinese as long as the price matches the quality.  I decided to try Golden Dragon because the AYCE Chinese buffet that I had been eating at had some health/sanitation issues that I began to notice.  Golden Dragon is inexpensive for the lunch buffet (+/- $6.99 with no drink included) but, for me,  the attraction ended there.  the staff seems slightly perturbed that you're there and after tasting their food, I was more perturbed than them.  Food is generally tasteless, of the lowest quality and almost everything I had was dried out/hard, even though I was eating during the lunch hour.  This place is a definite AVOID, as the highlight was the egg drop soup.
1	Let me start by saying that my friends and I used to frequent this place all the time for the $10 AYCE.HOWEVER.On the second to last visit, one of the waitresses told us that we HAD to order in a specific order:  soup, appetizer, rice, entree.Um.  Excuse me?  If I order crab rangoon, and eggplant in garlic sauce, and then decide that I want an egg roll, THAT is what you are going to give me.  I've NEVER had to order in a specific order before.  Ridiculous.THEN, my best friend and I went with another friend a week or two later.  My best friend did not want AYCE, even though the other friend and myself were going to have it.  The servers told my friend he HAD to do AYCE because we were.  He said "If I sit at another table can I just order what I want?"  They said yes.And proceeded to IGNORE him the rest of the time we were there.  He went so far as to take out $500 cash, and lay it out on the table, and drop the menu on the floor to get their attention.  They just laughed and ignored him.We will NEVER be back to this restaurant.  Ever.  Terrible service.  These people are a disgrace.
4	I stopped in Monday night for dinner they have all u can eat for $11.50 everything came very hot which I love I had the shrimp pai Thai great amount of spice I wanted more shrimp in the mix. The place was very clean and the staff very friendly. For the price I highly recommend them.
4	Ah golden dragon I heart you. My grandmother is the one who showed us this little gem-apparently its very popular with the sun city (65+) crowd, but who can blame them? They have a killer ayce dinner special for $11.50pp but surprise... It's NOT buffet style. You order off a full menu and everything is made fresh to order! Make sure if you are doing the ayce to let the server know before you start ordering. You start off with the appetizers and soup. They have the standard selection of apps; egg rolls, potstickers, pork spare ribs, fried shrimp etc. etc. Tonight we got bbq pork, cream cheese wontons (10) and I got a cup of hot n sour soup. The apps came out fairly quickly and everything was hot and crispy. So much better then when it's buffet style sitting out under heat lamps and getting soggy! Then after apps you can order entrees and rice or noodles. They have a good selection of chicken, beef and seafood entrees as well as different fried rices, noodles and egg foo yung.We ordered honey walnut shrimp, shrimp pad thai and mongolian beef to start. The walnut shrimp is my favorite it's so sweet and delicious. Not calorie friendly at all but that's what makes it so good. The mongolian beef was tasty but lacked spice. Actually now that I think of it all their "spicy" dishes are not spicy at all so I have to subtract 1 star! I like a little kick with my food especially when it is supposed to be spicy. Anyways we ordered another round of wontons and sweet n sour pork and I was so full after that my bf had to roll me out of there! A few things to note. If you order the ayce you MUST eat everything and they do frown upon leftover food. They have threatened to charge for any leftovers although it has yet to happen but just be aware. The portions are not huge but I do think they adjust the portion sized based on how many are in your party. I've gone with a party of 7 before and the entrees seemed to be bigger whereas they seemed to have less food when it was just me and the bf. And lastly they don't require reservations but they are recommended for large party. Also keep in mind this review is for the dinner special ONLY. You could of course order ala carte items and they also have take out but this is the best deal and we all know how much I love a good deal! my suggestion would be to go with a group so you can sample a little bit of everything. :)
4	Great Chinese lunch buffet option. A true hole in the wall that is sure to leave your stomach & wallet satisfied. *Disclaimer* I am only reviewing their lunch. Pricing: Amazing deal. Only $6.49 for all you can eat? I'll take it.The food quality here is excellent considering it's a buffet. The reason behind this is because unlike most Chinese buffets, Golden Dragon makes smaller proportions of food they put out, thus rendering a fresher and tastier result. They don't serve alcohol here but their Thai tea is off the damn chain. Service is good, fast, and friendly. They were quick to refill our drinks and take away dirty plates. Personal recommendation: get the chicken wings. I'm convinced this place could survive as a chicken wing joint. So crisp and delicious. I will be back :]
5	been here 2x now and have to say both times its been off the charts. egg rolls, spring roll shell but actually has meat in it!ribs, are okay, not amazing but solid.wonton soup 4/5the chicken chow mein= amazingalmond chicken= good, but clear sauce should have specified brown... but still goodjust everything tasted great def will be going back
2	living across the street, I've been to this place a couple times. I went in there today and it took two ladies atleast 10 minutes to even acknowledge me. then another 20 minutes for my two items (chicken fried rice and fried shrimp) when I got home, I didn't even get the fried rice. I don't know how she could have misheard me as I was less than 2 feet away from her. not worth the mess for the prices they have.
3	Stopped in for lunch buffet. Sweet and sour soup is very good. Egg drop soup could use more flavor. Asparagus is good. Salt and pepper shrimp best flavor, sesame chicken has better flavor than the Orange chicken. Refills on tea, and fast service. Not bad for a quick lunch. The bathroom could be cleaner. I'm a stickler for clean doors, baseboards, walls and trim. If they are not clean I subtract points. 4 for food, 3 for cleanliness.
4	I revisited the buffet after reading some of the current reviews.  I was surprised.  The food had changed for the better.  The food overall was tastier.  New cook, maybe?Not much selections.  No sushi like other Chinese buffets.  But for the price($7), can't complain.  Beat other Chinese fast food places, where you may pay the same amount or more for one takeout entree.
2	This place puts waayyyy too much sauce in ALL of their dishes. The workers were nice but it is very unfortunate that u have to order your dishes even though its all you can eat. I would like to see my food first at all you can eat buffets. They charge extra for wasted food, which i understand, but theres no point of going to a buffet and be limited on how many dishes you can order because their "small portions" are not very small. It had so much sauce/ bell peppers in every dish that after about one dish, everything just tastes like sauce to me. Their food is alright but i dint recommend going here for a buffet. Sorry :/
5	I eat here at least once a week. I bring any of my visitors to this restaurant if they want good cheap chinese. I have not met anyone who dislikes their food. Everyone seems to enjoy their house special egg foo young and their sesame chicken. I personally order their string bean chicken in a brown sauce with extra garlic. I am addicted! I don't do many of the appetizers but I do like the pork slices. I have never had the lunch buffet as I only go for their dinner special. Give it a try, I don't think you will regret it unless you think Panda is good chinese food!
4	One of the best places to eat quality Chinese food, and it won't break your bank. Dinner special is absolutely amazing! Staff seems a bit friendlier than other small Asian restaurants of similar ilk.
1	Don't go here if you expect even remotely decent service.  The food is good but they will tell you they are busy when you want to order and treat you like crap when they actually do talk to you.  Very disappointed in this place because I honestly do like the food!
4	Okay so after reading a bunch of your yelp revious we decided to give this place a whirl. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it's a five star gourmet restaurant, otherwise the food is all very good. Overall it was good service and good food and very quiet. I walked in around 8pm defined about two people sitting and eating dinner, we sat down and they told us anything on the menu was $11.50 all you can eat.  surprisingly everything that we ordered was all very good, so is the service.We got :general Tso's chicken,chow mein, chicken fried rice, cream cheese wontonsMongolian beefIt's definitely a hole-in-the-wall gem and I will definitely be coming back more often. The lady was so nice she even remembered I did not like onions and ordered my last batch of food with no onions in it. I thought that was pretty cool.
5	This is maybe one, if not better Chinese food as close as NY Chinese food...great Won Ton and egg drop soup and don't forget the fried rice..is GOOD!!
3	Lunch for the price is good for a quick bite. The buffet line is small but the singapore noodles aren't bad and i enjoy the wontons and orange chicken... It's about $7 at lunch, so if you don't feel like Mcdonalds, then try this place out
4	great service but the lunch I ordered we so so
3	Lunch buffet is good,I like there fried rice,Chicken wings,dip in hot mustard sauce and a side of there egg drop soup wit green onions...
4	Went here tonight & was pleasantly surprised. For $20 got a huge portion of orange chicken & a huge portion of chicken pad thai plus rice. And I mean HUGE! it was delicious! Great price, great food, great secret spot!!! Lived across the street for years now & this is our first time but not our last.
3	Fast, cheap and fresh.  You will find most Chinese staples at this joint.
1	If I do not get sick from the buffet, it might suddenly become worth 2 stars. The highlights were the price and the rubbery beef lo mein. The low lights were everything else, including the fact that the chopsticks gave me splinters.
