4	I would give 5 stars based on food only, but I am also rating decor.A very friendly family owned and operated place.Tables & Chairs are a bit old, but everything is very clean.The Mother, Father or Adult Children are the people serving and preparing your food. It is truly from their family to you and your's.Shrimp cocktail (de cameron) is great! The shrimp octopus cocktail is even better. Taco de Carne Asada ( Steak) or Taco de Lungua with pico de gallo are superb. Caldo de Res ( Beef SOUP) is too die 4. Everything is made to order. If you like heat try the Camarones a La Diabla (Deviled Shrimp). They Serve Beer & Hard Liquor. I have been going to Asi Es My Tierra for many years now, and have never walked out unhappy with my food or service. R. Read
4	While on a trip to see my grandparents, we went to Asi Es Mi Tierra for a quick bite to eat. The food is typical for a small mexican restaurant, but the quality and taste is top notch for the price. I had a 2 dish plate with a chicken enchilada and a beef tamale. The tamale was delicious, with pretty much a 50:50 ratio of corn exterior to beef filling. The chicken on the enchilada was breast meat, and it came with beans and rice.My grandma had a taco salad, and the shell was fried just right. I didn't taste the fillings, but it looked like it used the same beef as the tamale. Also, they have tamarindo juice, which not a lot of places seem to offer.The meal cost about $13, and I will probably suggest the place to my grandparents the next time I am in town.
5	We have been coming here for more than 10 years and the food is fantastic. Our favorite is the chorizo and eggs it doesn't get better than this! Homemade tortillas, chips and salsa start every meal. The carne asada and the whole fish dinner so good! Great food priced right!
5	If you like Mexican food - this is the real deal.  The Chili Verde with Pork is to die for! Friendly family staff, and lot of locals in a clean, simple restaurant. I'd go out of my way to go here again, as would everyone in my dining party.
4	Gave this place a try due to other yelp reviews.  I was not dissappointed! What they lack in decor they make up on food.  For $24 my husband and I had chips and salsa, 2 big chimichangas, drinks, and I also had a marguerita.
5	This is the real deal people. If you want traditional Mexican food then this place is a must. Also you have to order a Michelada beer.
3	Needs a lot of renovation. Nice service. The food is just ok. I grew up eating nothing but crappy taco shop food in San Diego. This was sort of a sit down place so I was really disappointed that the food was worse than filibertos.
5	The restaurant was clean, the staff was friendly and attentive, and the food was delicious.  We had the carne asada and chicken fajitas, both of which came out fresh and hot.  The shrimp ceviche was a steal at $2 and was scrumptious.  Fantastic prices for authentic Mexican food.  We will definitely be back!
4	The food was pretty yummy! The place needs a little TLC...  You might be put off because the place is run down but the food seems authentic and taste good!
5	Best Mexican food in east Mesa. The decor is not overly extravagant but the food quality is miles ahead of the local competitors. I highly recommend this place for a great casual Mexican dining experience
4	This place has the best chilaquiles I've had in a long long time. Best with fried eggs on top. The service was a little slow but good and I also like that they make michaladas. I've tried a couple other things on the menu but the chilaquiles are the best.
5	Most authentic mexican food around! Bring your friends here if you want to show them what real home cooked mexican food tastes like. A little hidden, but LOVE IT!
5	Awesome. Taste like real Mexican food. We got the queso fundido with chorizo, and it was awesome. The salsa isn't that great, but our meals were great. If ever I'm out here again, I'll be sure to stop. Don't expect the most attentive service, but it will do for the small size of the restaurant.
5	Wow this is it! Family run with authentic Mexican food. Unbelievable flavor, we haven't had anything that wasn't good or great. Reasonable prices, great service, and truly authentic food that you can taste was mage with love and passion. Great place for weekday casual meals.
5	One of the best authentic Mexican places in AZ! OMG! It's a must if you are visiting and if you live nearby this place will become your default go to place of so many amazing food places in the area! ZOMG!
5	Wow. What a find.  We had dinner here last night and it was fantastic. The food was expertly seasoned and flavorful, the service was spot on, and the prices were (quite frankly) probably too low for the value received. I can't wait to go back as I have already identified several other dishes I need to try. They have everything from breakfast to dinner - and it all looks good.
5	Beats anything in AJ.  Nice, hidden away.  Mexican comfort food.  Great food when ya just wanna eat cause your hungry food. Nothing fancy, but yummy good.  Started out slow with the three item combo plate for $7.50. How good could it be?? It was delightful.  Got the chili relleno, taco and tamale.  Just like mama would have made if she was a little Mexican lady.  The young man that served us was very polite and our food arrived in a timely manner. Now let's talk margaritas.....these are no wimpy margaritas.  These will put hair on your chest.  We will be back and we are bringing relatives. Great find.
2	I hate writing bad reviews and I usually don't but after seeing all of these 5 stars I'm suspicious. I went in recently for lunch. The salsa was bland. Thick, hard chips. I ordered a cheese enchilada and chicken flautas. Boring. Bland. And my stomach hurt after. I don't know what people see here but I won't be back. If they can't wow me with a few basic items I am not wasting any time or money to try anything else. Plus the service was eh. I had to go up front to pay after sitting there for 10 minutes.
3	Worth a tryThought I didn't absolutely love it, tastes vary and - like most Mexican restaurants - Asi Es My Tierra is worth a try. Their food is good and prices are reasonable. The service was excellent.
