5	Southwest Fertility is a wonderful operation of skilled caring medical practitioners who want nothing more than to help you become parents. The entire staff is professional, but not sterile. They take amazing care of you and spend the time that is needed when you have concerns. They have taken outstanding care of my wife and I during our journey. Even if the protocols they prescribed had not worked I still would have felt that I was in the best, most caring hands in the business.EVERYONE in the office is pleasant, encouraging and sensitive. The front desk people are considerate and pleasant. The nurses were caring, warm and supportive despite our apprehensions at times. The doctors are so very interested and committed to each person and never treated us like a number. Even the embryologist has a warm wonderful personality and was sensitive to our ups and downs while going through IVF.Truly, if you are faced with choosing a team to get you pregnant these are the people who are committed to your goals. We have done this before and this experience has been totally different. This time we are successful. This is your team.
1	We live about 200 miles from Phoenix and do not have a Fertility Center in our area. My wife and I went to Dr. Gounala after a very bad experience with another fertility center in Phoenix. She and her staff seemed very caring and nice, she recommended that we have IVF with ICSI to improve our chances of conceiving. We were prepared to do this and everything seemed to be on course until they found that my Health Insurance would pay for some of the tests (Semen Analysis, Blood Work etc..) related to infertility. Then things changed. Dr. Gounala said that there were many "PROBLEMS" we had to make trips to Phoenix about once or twice a week for a Semen Analysis or Blood Work? this went on for almost a 2 year period!! Before we were just about ready to give up we were refferred to a doctor in Tucson (which is about 300 miles from where we live) We scheduled an appointment and from the time we met with him until we were pregnant was a total of 4 MONTHS. He did not do a single semen analysis and very few tests on my wife. we now have a beautiful 2 month old baby girl... And did I mention the price was 50% of what SW fertility was going to charge us?? I would be very cautious of these fertility centers they are fully aware how despirate couples can be and how limited their options are....I have experienced it so I know they will use this to their advantage to bleed you dry!! IVF is enough of an emotional rollercoaster to go through with out having to worry about an unethical practice stringing you along to make some additional money....
1	I will keep this short and sweet. I never even met the doctor. The office staff was the rudest experience i have ever had. I have called for the past month trying to get results with no luck. No one returns my calls and the girls on the phone are rude and not friendly at all. The doctor may be good but for me, it's about the whole experience and this was an awful one!!!!!
