2	have bought a ton of shoes here over the past year. if your in the shoe game you know you have to come back to a place a bunch of times to find your joint. That said, the service here sucks and has steadily decreased since top dog manager Mike (from jersey or something) left. I think my shopping spree's here have all but come to an end. crappy inattentive service makes visiting this place a drag.
5	My boyfriend found this place one day in 2012. Ever since this this where he gets most of casual outfits and shoes. The customer service is awesome and everyone is very helpful...thats a big plus with me, because I will forgo returning any business if Im not treated well. They have a great selection of trendy and one of a kind clothing for men.
4	this is my 2nd favorite store in Charlotte. (Blacksheep gets a slight nod) But I do love this place. Clothing and sneakers are 2 things that I cannot live without, and Social Status has the best selection (in Charlotte) of the brands that I like. If you're looking for BBC, Lebron X Corks, Yeezy 2s, or the latest limited edition Nikes or Jeremy Scott x Adidas this is where you go. I wouldn't even know where to get that stuff elsewhere in CLT.  House of Hoops and DTLR don't get the limited edition stuff that Social Status gets. Your next best bet is online probably. The store's layout and vibe is pretty cool and there's a great selection of apparel, shoes and hats. It's tough to say no. I will say that the customer service is kind of hit or miss. I've been in there on a number of occasions (one of my best friends lives down the road from there) and sometimes the staff is great and sometimes not so much. Never awful, but average at times. And in my opinion customer service is extra important when you're one of the little guys; When you're a boutique, small business, or local shop it's crucial to be good to your customers, especially your repeat/loyal ones.  And that's why BlackSheep gets 5 stars from me and Social Status doesn't. At Blacksheep I go for the whole shopping experience: the merchandise, the atmosphere, the staff. At Social Status I go there for the merchandise alone.
1	"SOCIAL STATUS" IS BS!I was concerned with my online order because they had a fire in their Charlotte store and the lady told me over the phone AND email that my order won't be affected because online orders are from the warehouse not their stores. Then yesterday, they only ship out 1 pair of shoes (Asics GT2 "Navy/Red") that's not very expensive and high in demand. I emailed them about my 2nd pair of shoes, NB M998RO which retailed at $160 - 50% off = $80, and now they tell me "it's out of stock."I CALL BS ON THEIR FIRE! I believe they started the fire themselves and claiming insurance fraud on most of our orders. They have 4 HUGE stores in North Carolina and Pennsylvania! There's no sneaker community there; there's no way they could've made enough profit to sustain their business. This is my assumption because most people I know had their orders cancelled! They probably used those sales to be included in the damages/lost in the fire. I'm so disappointed. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and even defended them too.
1	I was in Charlotte to scope out the city to see if I like it. Well long story short, this place doesn't exist so don't waste your time. Neighborhood is pretty artsy though, so you're still in a good place to discover other shops
