4	This is a nice new location inside the downtown summerlin mall.  Ive been here 2 times since it opened. Both times were enjoyable... No employees outside asking every passer by if they want to try the tea (I know this is their job but I hate it! Maybe because I've probably tasted that and every other tea before? Maybe it just reminds me of those mall kiosks "ma'm let me see your hair!") They're really nice and knowledgeable about pulling teas to try once they get a vibe of what you like... Ive gotten free iced teas brewed while I shop (although be warned I don't think they do this if you're buying like 10 bucks... both times I was restocking in the $80+ range).  They also haven been super pushy with buying the extra tin to keep your teas super fresh or buying rock sugar.  Minus one star for intentionally pouring more tea than I asked for (they sell by the ounce) and not asking if it was ok... I mean I asked for four oz. and the guy pours 5.5oz... its typically 5-15 dollars per 2oz. so keep your eye on the scale!
3	I've never been super into tea, but this fall and winter it's been my beverage of choice. I headed into Teavana not knowing what to expect, and was a bit blown away by their samples, flavors, and products: so much variety!Service is friendly, staff is available to discuss different tea types and steeping times and debate the merits of bagged versus loose-leaf, but much of this was over my head. I received several samples, and the gingerbread citrus and Oprah's Chai both stood out to me- super flavorful, not too sweet. Some other varieties were overly perfumed or infused and had just too much going on for my simple tea tastes.Great place to stop for gifts, glad that they offer samples to try before you buy, you can easily spend quite a bit here without really trying.
1	If there were 0 stars I would give that. I told a manager named Marino that I bought a Breville water kettle a few days back. He told me I should have got the $25 gift card with purchase and was surprised I did not get it. He said to bring back my receipt and he would give me the $25 gift card. So I did what he said, I went back and got my receipt and when I went back to the store the same day he said that the $25 gift card was for a different machine. Well, wouldn't it be great customer service to ask which machine I got and be more specific if it were only certain machines that offered the $25 gift card? The entire situation would have never happened if he did asked just one simple question so that I would not waste my time coming back in the after Christmas chaos and crowds just to do what he promised me. I think this is careless and shows how much they devalue their customers. To me it is not about the $25, it is the principle that he offered information to me and then just dismissed the information he had just given me with no sincerity or care about the effort I made to do what he informed me to do. I don't appreciate people wasting my time and not seeming to care at all about what they said that was incorrect information. What made things worse is when he sold me a tea which he claimed was excellent. I went home and took less than a teaspoon full because it actually did not appeal to me the more I smelled it. I mixed it with another tea to make a cup and threw it away. It was gross! I went back to return it and he rang me up for 3.5 oz when I bought 4 oz. How is it possible that I used .5 oz on one cup of tea when supposedly they claim 2 ounces is 20 plus cups of tea meaning .5 oz should be at least 5 servings?It would have been a nice gesture as someone who suggested the tea and just made me drive to Teavana once out of my way just to bring a receipt and got nothing for it and now twice to return a tea he recommended. It would have been kind to return the amount I bought due to the amount of time and money I put into doing something by coming back and got nothing out of it. I came back because he assured me he would help me when I return. Instead he just said it's for a different tea maker and did nothing to apologize for my time he wasted and my gas money. I think that's a pretty awful way to take care of the situation. I would be more understanding if it's someone new, but a manager should know better!I truly believe he scammed me and overcharged me for the tea and said it was 4 ounces when it wasn't. That is the only logical explanation. He also made mistakes with my other tea. It was crowded in there and everyone makes mistakes, but they should fix them when it is brought to their attention. Unfortunately he has ruined my love for Teavana. This person is someone they put in management? Not the kind of company I want to give my hard earned money on. I don't want to pay to be treated that way.
