2	Stopped in for a pedicure a few days ago.  The salon was clean, chairs were nice, and lots of them. I did not have to wait even as a walk-in.  I was hoping this might be my new nail salon!The girl who worked on feet my was rude, bossy, and very aggressive.  My feet hurt and bruned from her scrubbing.  The water was way too hot!  She seemed to be mad at me when I didn't put m foot right where she wanted it.  This was NOT the relaxing experience I was in need of.  I will not be back...
4	Very clean and comfortable atmosphere. Went today for a mani pedi. Received great treatment. They did a wonderful job and took their time. very Reasonable prices. My nails look great! Would recommend this place to anyone!
3	A problem I have with salons of this type is the tip HAS to be in cash..no exceptions.  In today's world of credit/debit cards it is out of date practice and not customer focused.
5	I've enjoyed coming to this salon for over a year. Great service and never disappointed with the results. I always have to plan to be there for about an hour and a half to two hours when doing a pedi and gel Mani, other than that, quite relaxing.
4	Clean and safe.  Very friendly staff.  Tracey does a great job running this place and takes great care of the customers.  I recommend them all the time.
2	Ok pedicure but the nail tech was rude.I definitely will not be back.
1	I have been a "regular" customer at this salon ever since it opened.  At first it was great!  Clean, relaxing, and welcoming.   After a few months without a manicure or pedicure I decide to treat myself to a manicure this past week.  I went in and a lady did a beautiful job on my gel manicure.  She paid attention to detail and didn't rush through the whole process.  I didn't have time to get a pedicure so I decided to come back the next day.  I only wish that I had her do my pedicure yesterday ... The guy who did my pedicure had some sort of infection on his thumb.  I didn't notice it at first because he was using gloves but when it was time for the foot massage he took his gloves off, revealing it.  Tracy was doing someone else's nails right in front of me and clearly saw that he had some sort of sore or fungus on his nail.  It was completely black and it looked like something was growing out of it.    I was shocked that she didn't tell him to at least put his gloves back on.  The "massage" that he gave me was hardly any massage at all.  He did the same motion over and over while concentrating on the tv.  Definitely not worth the $25.   The worst part is that he gave me an ingrown toe nail.  The whole right side of my nail is swollen and I just hope that I don't get an infection.  This was by far the worst pedicure that I have ever received. Even though I had a great gel manicure here, my last experience was so horrible that I will not be back.
4	8/11/12Wanted to get a much-needed mani/pedi before my sister and my dinner with a friend Saturday night, so I brought baby sis, my niece, and me to Scottsdale Nails II, but we were told the staff was fully booked until later on that afternoon, around 430p (it was around 1030a).  I told the man at the desk that we had other plans for the day and needed two mani/pedis right away before lunch, so he suggested we try out McDowell Mountain Nails on Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd.  I've never been, but I knew the location, so I told my sister "why don't we try it?"Situated at the Target plaza, between a Jamba Juice and a Ross on FLW east of the 101, MMN was easy to find.  It looked very unassuming from the outside, certainly much smaller than Scottsdale Nails II and my ex-favorite Shea Nails on 92nd St. (please read my reviews).  It was small indoors, but clean, and most importantly, lacked the horribly strong stench of chemicals that greeted us at Scottsdale Nails a few minutes before.  We were greeted by a young Caucasian male who was standing next to a female Asian, who was speaking on the phone.  A little different, since we're used to frequenting salons entirely staffed by Asians...  I asked if the two of us would be able to have our mani/pedis worked on right away, as well as my niece and her manicure, and he assured us most definitely.  The woman had by then gotten off the phone (thank goodness, as she was speaking directly to our faces while on the phone, instead of moving off to the side to give herself and us more privacy).  He told her what we were looking for, and she proceeded to tell him who to pair us up with.  I heard that I was going to get "the new girl," which then made me think, "why me?"  "Why do I get to try the new girl?"  I wasn't worried, however, as I had a feeling everything would work out fine.  After choosing our polish materials, we all went our separate ways.The "new girl" Ann, was a joy to be with!  While she is new to this company, she told me she's been a nail tech for many years.  She had just finished a couple hours of orientation (she learned what the packages/treatments were called, and what steps she had to fulfill, etc.) that morning, and I was her first customer!  She worked gently, and listened to me tell her how we came to try out this salon, and would ask a couple of times if she was causing any discomfort.  Very easy to converse with- in case some of you are not able to understand staff with heavy accents, Ann speaks fluent English (and is studying Biochemistry... we're common souls!), so if this is important to you, ask for Ann.  :)We finished slightly after my sister and her daughter.  My sister was seated for her spa pedicure before her manicure, while Ann started on my manicure first.  My niece was originally going to get just a manicure, but when I saw the embellishments that Linda had added to the nails, I asked how much it would be for a pedicure polish.  I was told $5 for just color, and $10 for the matching white polka dots and silver points.  I said let's get it done!$55 for my gel manicure and spa pedicure, $25 for my niece's manicure (cleaning and polish) and pedicure (polish only), plus slightly over 20% tip*.  My sister got acrylic nails on her hands and a spa pedicure, as well.  We all left very happy and very satisfied with our new looks!  (Niece absolutely ENJOYED her first visit to the nail salon and cannot wait till their return here next year for another one!)  Thank you, McDowell Mountain Nails... I'll be a returning customer!*MMN accepts credit cards for services rendered only, so bring cash for tipping!
1	with the number of nail salons in this world you would think that they would at least try harder to earn your business. i walked in and had to watch her for a minute or two to count the 47 in her hand.  its not hard lady.  then i asked to see their design tips.  she pointed to a shelf with man made tips so i had to ask to see the premise and she said they didn't carry them  im okay with getting either or French but with the lack of hospitality i can find someone who wants to earn my money.  this shop is ran by rude orients.
2	The man who did my mani/pedi was truly and unapologetically bad at his job. I'm not too steady with the brush, but I could probably manage to wait for layers to dry and not blob on the topcoat without even reaching the edges. The tips were ragged after he "buffed" my nails, so the polish couldn't go on smoothly. I could do better at home, for free.He also had an infected thumbnail, or a fungus or something. He did not wear gloves. I only noticed it halfway though my manicure when he sprayed my nails with moisturizing stuff, and stopped to also spray his infected thumb. Gross.He avoided eye contact, and did not hear me at all. I asked him to paint my ring fingers gold - he looked at them and said yes, then painted them the other color. I asked him to redo the nails that came out uneven, and he tried to just paint on another layer of blobby topcoat instead. When he did redo it, it was just as bad, and he moved on to another customer so he was going back and forth between us. He stabbed me with the cuticle trimmers because he was watching TV and looking impatiently over his shoulder. I decided to leave rather than have him do an even worse rush job on the remaining nails.My friend had hers done right next to me, by a woman who did a beautiful job. They chatted in a casual, friendly way about their kids. The stars I am giving are for her. The place was clean, and the massage chairs were lovely. Just avoid the guy with the blackened thumbnail...
1	The convenience of having McDowell Mountain Nail Salon located so close to my house is not even worth the time & hassle I have dealt with when it comes to this salon. I got shellac done on my nails which I was very happy with at the time, but was very disappointed when it lasted only a week (when typically shellac is supposed to last 2-3). Due to the fact that I was upset about this, I called the salon on Sunday & told them the issue & I was told by more than one employee that it would be no issue for me to have them redone, and to come in when I was not busy. I came in on a Wednesday afternoon after calling them prior to confirm getting my nails redone due to the improper manicure, only to be turned down when I got there by the manager who claimed that "none of her employees recognized me" & "it's wrong of me to try and get a free manicure." The fact that my intentions were questioned when I got to the nail salon completely baffled me & I couldn't believe how rude the manager was when she approached me. If you are looking for a nail salon that does quality work & stands by the work they do, then this is not it. I would suggest not to invest any time & money into this salon, you're better off going somewhere else.
5	This is MY nail salon!  I usually make an appointment to see Tracy (the owner and head lady).  She is very sweet and accomidating, plus I think she does the best gel nails I have ever found!  The other staff is very friendly and do good jobs as well.  I even brought my bridal party in last year prior to our wedding.  We were able to bring champagne and sparkling cider with snacks while the ladies got their nails done for the big event.I would highly recommend this nail studio!  The cost is comperable and I have found often less than other nail places in the aread.
5	I've been here a couple times before for pedi's and never wrote a review. It had been a good month and a half since I had a pedicure. So needless to say my feet were gnarly. Called ahead for a 3:30 appointment and got one with no problem. I'm in love with Angel, my new Pedi Gal!  Angel had just moved here from Wisconsin so being married to a Cheesehead, we had WI in common and plenty to chat about.  Her English was great!Angel fixed my feet and now they are beautiful and I'm happy again to wear sandals out in public.   The pedicure was great had a scrub, a mask and cucumber lotion.  I always ask for designs on my toes and she had tons to choose from.  I love them.
5	I started going to this nail salon a little over a month ago and fell in love with it instantly. Tami does an amazing job with nails and toes and she is super sweet. Tony, the gentleman up front is super friendly as well. Very clean salon and never had a long wait for walk in. I highly recommend you coming here, you won't be disappointed, just make sure you ask for Tami :)
1	Run away and check out Super Pauline's nails on Raintree and Northsight. I've given this place three attempts to reclaim themselves and they never did. The 3rd time a girl who could not have been any older than high school did a toe polish change. I watched her client before me walk out if a manicure. I overhead her say "she took off my polish and filed my nails and I'm not paying for this". The entire time of my toe polish change, her hands were shaking and she cut all my toes uneven and two were cut so short I nearly bled. I've have 3 coworkers go and report the same issues. When the male manager/owner isn't there I am ignored and treated horrible. I will never return.
1	I'm so annoyed. After my friend and I drove around 3 different places trying to find a place to do our two pedicures, we finally come here and they say they can do both of us. They start my friend and I'm sitting there waiting. There are two other women doing pedis across from me. One is finishing up so I assume she will start mine. Wrong. A girl walked in AFTER me for a nail repair and she took care of her while I'm still sitting here. My friends guy was already PAINTING her toes when the second lady said she would start mine. I'm over it by now. I don't want to sit and wait and watch my friend get a pedi and then have her sit and wait while I get mine. If you can't do both at the same time then tell us. I opted out of even getting one and I'm leaving with a much needed pedicure. I will never be back here.
1	Not a good experience here today.... When you come in with a friend and want to get pedicures at the same time they should be honest if it is a possibility. Today I got a bad pedicure while my friend waited next to me. They never asked us if it was ok for us to get done at separate times. A walk in client came in after us and they proceeded to start on her first. They wanted to start on hers when mine was almost done. They apologized but didn't do anything to make the situation better. I will never return here.....
4	I love this place,  I have been coming here for 3+yrs , very clean,  great massage chairs and hot stone leg massage!
5	Kim is the best and I am picky! I have been going here for over 4 years and whenever I go to her I am so happy with my pedicure. There are a few others at this nail salon that I have been pleased with the work but I usually see Kim because she is so consistent! I like that this place is clean, not over-priced compared to some (I get a hot stone massage!) and if I see her I know I will love the work. Thank you Kim!
4	This is my regular nail place. They are close to work, and accommodating to walk ins. My biggest drawback is "can you wait 5 minutes" usually means no less than a half an hour, and they only have one young lady who does waxing. If she is in the middle of another service, you either wait, or she will leave someone hanging. Another odd grievance is the fact they tell you they "can't" leave credit card tips, but in reality they can, and I have a few times. It's weird. I don't know if they don't want to report the tips, or they have expensive merchant services, but they should either offer it, or not. They do wonderful gel nail service, and have a great color selection. The massage chairs for pedicures are also amazing. I continue to patronize this place because it is close to work, and I am no longer located close to Jenzia my favorite place in Tempe.
2	The customer service sucked!! The young lady who signed me in was kind. However, as I was picking out nail polishes as I get a gel mani and a regular polish pedi, I had two colors in hand and I was talking to the young lady about what color I was looking for..the lady who was going to service me just walked up and took one of the polishes out of my hand and started to place it back on the shelf before I told her that I wanted that color. She never greeted me nor indicated that she would be taking care of me. She was very rough and rushed through the pedicure. I'm paying for someone to provide a service and that means you need to be pleasant, gentle, and take your time. I will NOT be going back!
5	I just recently moved to Scottsdale, AZ from California. Today was my birthday so I've decided to treat myself for some pampering at this place which is really close to my home. I got a fullset done by Lena/Lina. She was very sweet lady. Took her time on my nails and asked me here and there if I liked the shape and length of my nails. She was also very gentle. Back in California, the ladies would always be in a hurry to get you out and hurt you, telling you to not move. RUDE. Anyways, I love this place and I would come back again and ask for Lena/Lina. I also did a walk in but I came in around 9am. Thats the time they open and i was the first one to walk in.
