5	Yay! I'm a fan.I've used City Wide Pest control many times for spraying inside and outside my house to control the bug population at my home.The technicians are always very professional, friendly and are willing to answer any questions you may have.Unlike many other Pest control companies, City Wide does not require you to sign a contract or agree to a certain number of months of service. You can just ask them to set you up month to month and they'll give you a call each month to see if you would like a service scheduled.Nothing but good experience with City Wide so far. I recommend them.
5	Definitely!City Wide Pest Control has good service and a great price. The technicians are always on time and friendly they will show up as early as 7am if you need. They have a 21 day warranty if it rains and the price is less than any other company I have used.  There is no contract or agreement needed and you can have them call you monthly to set up service or you can call them on a as needed basis.I definitely recommend them.
1	I decided to use City Wide because of their lower price.  Well I should have known better.  I was using another company for my pest control but thought I would give it a chance since I was trying to save a little cash.  One night inside my house, I almost stepped on a scorpion and I never had problems with scorpions with the other company.  Two days later, I found yet another scorpion in my house. I called City Wide the next day and told them I found two scorpions in my house.  The customer rep was extremely rude and condescending with me.  She told me I could up my coverage but it would cost a lot more.  Also, they would charge me another $25 fee on top of my monthly charge since they had just been out to my house to spray.  I DO NOT recommend City Wide and would suggest to seek other companies unless you want bugs, critters and scorpions living with you in your house.  Because City Wide was not spraying the right stuff, I'm now behind the eight ball and dealing with a pest issue!!
5	Joe is our technician and has taken care of us for about two years. We have a variety of different pets from birds to dogs to tortoises and he is always attentive, courtesous, and professional.He pays attention to each and every one of them and is always careful around them. I have lived in the valley for 27 years and have used other companies, but City Wide is the best for service and price. Save yourself the hassle and just call them when wondering who to use...it's worth it. Oh, and by the way they also take care of the pests in and outside the home.Thanks
4	Bought a house and immediately noticed spider webs and crickets all around. Decided to go with these guys when I received a post-card in the mail for $39 for inside and outside. They gave me the time frame of 2-5pm, which sounded awful to be waiting around for 3 hours. But the technician showed up right at 2pm, I was pleasantly surprised. He explained to me exactly what he was using and what it was for and also helped clarify what I was seeing. He was in and out in about 30minutes or less. Very polite. Received a call a day later to check and see how the service was. Then received a letter in the mail with another deal for the full year. Only down-side is the treatment only lasts about 30days where others last about 60 days. But they do offer a 21 day guarantee-if we see bugs return they will come out again. Overall I'm pleased.
1	I liked that they offer respray if you find critters within 21 days of spray, but after 3 months of service, have had to have re-sprays EACH month. Paying extra to treat for scorpions and there are now scorpions galore and worse than prior to exterminating...And to make matters worse, they give a 2-3 hour window to be home and twice now, have not met that window or bothered to call to let me know they were not going to make their time slot, leaving to to reschedule and play the "wait around for the bug guy" all over again.Do yourself a favor and find a more reliable company.
2	My husband used City Wide for pre treatment on building pads so I called them for our home.  We had the best service man for the first couple years, then a different one every time.  I just did not feel comfortable with many of them and I kept calling for resprays.  The last guy they sent out was " mr. know it all"  refused to spray for ants in the yard because he knew it did'nt work but had a product he could put on the mounds and we should point them out to him.  We have an acre and have no idea where they all are.  We saw bugs 2 weeks later and are shopping for a new company.
2	You want to know what's bugging me? I've used this service twice, and while the price is right, both times haven't helped fix the problem. I'm glad they offer a re-spray guarantee because you're probably going to need it. Whatever they're doing just isn't effective. I'm willing to pay extra just to get service that actually works and keeps the bugs away. The only way that I even know they were here is that the check was gone.Also, I think it's weird that they don't sweep up the cobwebs like other companies do on service calls. This just seems like a really half assed effort, but they keep calling to schedule service again, and occasionally I give in.No more.
5	My house has termites (I know, gross) and so I called our regular exterminators (City Wide) for a quote. To do my due diligence and feel good about myself, I also called a second company for a quote. Just as always, City Wide scheduled an appointment (that fit my schedule), arrived on time TO THE MINUTE, and sent a very nice, knowledgeable exterminator.  They then quickly followed up with a very good price. I cannot say any of that about the other company, which just reminds me why I use City wide in the first place.  We have used them for years and I am surprised to see some of the negative reviews. Our normal exterminator is a young guy named Alan. He is always so friendly, cheerful and oddly enthusiastic. I once suspiciously questioned him about this because I hate bugs more than my kids hate Brussels sprouts, and he shared with me a nostalgic childhood tale about killing ants in his driveway and always knowing in his heart that he was meant to be an exterminator.  I thought it was weird, but also reassuring because someone out there has to kill my bugs.I am thankful for Alan and for all the bug-killers like him as I look forward to next Saturday when they kill my stupid termites.
