3	It would be a 5 star review if not for the feeling of a used car dealership.Let me explain...the girl doing our photos would totally get 5 out of 5 stars.The woman who helped us the next day with our prints and sale would get 2 out of 5 stars. The whole experience gets a 3.  Cashman Photo Enterprises provided the photography at The Chapel at Planet Hollywood.  We got married there about a month ago and we were told that the package that we bought included a certain amount of prints and that we were able to purchase more if we wanted.I do not remember what her name was but our photographer was AMAZING!  Being a photographer myself I was very impressed with how she did her job.  All this including the fact she had to do her job in a hurried manner.  We were getting married on the weekend of 10-10-10 so there was one wedding after another.  She did a great job of capturing both regular and candid moments during and after the ceremony.  (There are some of her pictures here in my Yelp profile.)  We made an appointment for the next day to come see our pictures and pick out the ones we wanted.Here is where it got hard.  We entered the room to see the pictures.  They had printed out all 150+ of the pictures that the girl had taken.  What makes it so hard is that she did such a good job on the pictures.  If she had done an ok or so-so job I would have taken my 10 prints and gotten other copies from other guest cameras that were in attendance.  After going through the pictures and noticing what an amazing job she did on the pictures we knew we wanted more. The woman showing us the pictures presented us with many different packages...anywhere from 700 bucks to 1400.  Some of them included a cd with the original images and rights to those images.  We talked to her about getting just the CD alone and for some reason the CD by itself was $1000 but if we got a package we could get the CD for like 900 with some other stuff thrown in.  Afterward I really felt like I had just bought a used car...along with the extended warranty...lol.  I have a degree in photography so I have no problem paying good money for our pictures...I understand that you are paying for more than just the images you are paying for education, setup, overhead...all that fun stuff.  Just for some odd reason she made it seem like if we did not make a decision then and decide right there to drop 1000 bucks we would not be able to get it later.  She "worked with us" and said that she might be able to wait till the next day but we just ended up getting the pictures that day. (The CD and all)To top it all off they misspelled my last name on the CD and all the presentation stuff they put out.  They should have given me a discount just for that.All in all we spent more on the pictures than we did on the ceremony.   The pictures look amazing and are totally priceless I just wish they had a better customer based environment.   Next time I would rather pay one of my professional photographer friends that much money and get a little more out of the whole experience.  :0)
3	I would have loved to give them a 5 star because of the photographer.  But did like that I was told they would touch up pics that showed a small section of  a medical garment that I have to wear.   Well it was not done.  When meeting with Tina in the sales office she said she would make sure that the pics would get touched up on all the extra large pics and video we ordered.  Let's see what happens.
5	My husband and I eloped in Las Vegas last month and for the most part loved all the pictures.    Are photographer was the best!  Very professional friendly to made us feel so special on our wedding day.   Alex in customer service  also gets 5 stars!  Alex went the extra mile  confirming all the special order  request and touch up's.  We were not treated like just another customer, he was generally concerned and wanted to  make sure are 100% satisfied.     I would recommend this Cashman to anyone.Just received the pictures from Cashman.  Error in picture order.  Make sure you confirm picture number on what you want on canvas etc.  We has a few pictures mixed up.    Email Cashman sale rep who took the picture information at the point of purchase... No response as of yet.I will keep everyone posted on this issue.
2	We got married at Shark Reef in Mandalay Bay and were required to use Cashman for the ceremony.  Overall they did okay but I've experienced way better.  There is one set of photos near the octopus tank that turned out absolutely terrible and I'm a little upset about that, but they were able to get some good shots.  I felt a little rushed through the session (the package says you get half an hour and we got nowhere near that, more like ten minutes) and he missed the shot of the groom's ring.  I did not feel like a priority or like the photographer wanted to be there.The viewing the next day was terribly uncomfortable.  They had one 8x10 framed and a small photo book already printed, but the 8x10 they had done was one of the splotchy ones that didn't come out well at all.  Their prices are a bit ridiculous, which I knew going in to it, so I'd previously hired an outside photographer for the reception and a tour of the strip.  Their shipping charges are very high and they said it would take 6 weeks to print and ship, which was amazing as they had all of the 4x6s already printed for us to choose from for our included package.  I'm glad I did that because if we only had the photos from Cashman I'd be terribly upset.
2	We were required to use Cashman for our wedding ceremony at MGM. As another review stated, I'm glad we hired our own photographer for the reception photos, because if these were our only photos, I'd be extremely upset.Also as other reviewers stated, the prices were ridiculous. We paid WAY too much for what we got. We both felt pressured into purchasing a more expensive package than we had discussed. We did receive prints of all the photos as well as the photo CD and some enlargements, but upon closer inspection of the photos, I am incredibly disappointed. I will be contacting them on Monday to discuss some sort of refund.First of all, our photographer informed us it was her first wedding. No big deal, she's really nice and took lots of photos. Except that every single photo is crooked. And I don't mean an artsy angle, I mean off kilter to the point where I tilted my head to look through the CD. Not to mention the three feet of wall above our heads.Every single photo on the "high resolution" folder is extremely grainy. I haven't attempted to print them, so I hope that doesn't show. The only ones that aren't grainy are the 11 photos they "touched up" for us to try to get us to buy more photos. I'm not a professional, but I did work for a photo company for several years. I know what to look for in quality photography and sadly, this is not it. Also- no other photography is allowed in the chapel during the ceremony, to further ensure you will purchase their photography.
2	I'm so glad we hired another photographer for our wedding day even though we were REQUIRED to have Cashman take photos of our ceremony.  The guests were told their cameras would be confiscated during the ceremony if anyone other than their photographer was taking pictures.  Here is why I liked Cashman Photography:1. some of the pics turned out good2. they were the only pics I could get of the ceremonyHere is why I DON'T like Cashman Photography:1. Way too expensive2. the photographer had no personality3. the photographer rushed us with the poses and got mad at us when we didn't follow his ideas exactly4. they totally try to rope you in to buy their $3000 packages and were surprised when I just wanted the free 12 photos that came with my wedding package. After the ceremony I was still in a daze from the beautiful experience and then I have this man getting mad at us because we weren't gathering for pics IMMEDIATELY after the ceremony.  It was ridiculous they way they rush you when you just want to take everything in.  We are extremely thankful for the wonderful photographer we got to capture the rest of the evening.  Her pictures were spectacular and she matched the poses with our personalities and took her time with us.  Let me know if you want her info because I don't want to advertise her name on such a bad rating such as Cashman.
2	Three weeks later, we finally received an email letting us know the photos have been edited. They're straight now, but still the quality is far below the quality of the true professional who did all the photos before the wedding, wedding party and reception photos. If you are required to use their services, plan to save money and hire a second photographer for the rest of your wedding!
5	Couldn't have been better. I only wish I could remember our photographers name. We are SOOOO glad that we decided to purchase extra photo time to capture our wedding. In just about an hour he was able to get fabulous shots all over the Venetian. AMAZING!!
1	Be careful dealing with this company. The photographers will lie to you and say that you have to buy physical prints/albums, when you can actually buy digital copies online much cheaper. I paid $45 for an album, though I only wanted one of the photos, and only in digital format. I clearly told the photographer this twice, and she insisted that there was no way to do this. After I located the photos online and found out that there was an option to buy digital copies at $14.95/pc, I contacted their customer service. Got disconnected twice, then "Kelly" offered me an additional two photos.I declined and asked for a partial refund, as I explicitly told the photographer what I wanted (which was only one photo) and she lied to me to get a larger sale. Kelly refused to do this. They take good photos, but I could do without the sleazy sales practices.
2	Very Expensive low to mid quality. We had a photographer take pictures at a show and then he asked for our email and then told us we would receive the digital copies via email. When leaving the show we were show a 2 picture "frame" with 5x7's I really only liked one photo but we were told it was $30. I figured since I was going to get the digital copies also that maybe it would be worth it. But NO! we never received digital copies and when I questioned it we were told that we can buy the digital copies that they were not given away. If I would have known all that from the get go I would not have purchased the photos at the show and waited just to buy the one I wanted online at a much Cheaper rate!  DO NOT BUY ON SITE FROM THESE PEOPLE!Update: the company has since tried to make it right by sending me one copy after my complaints in an email to them. They still have a lot of work to make sure the customer is has a full understanding of the options they have.
1	Please be aware this is fraudulent company. There are numerous sites in Las Vegas but I went to the one in Luxor hotel. Paid $10 for a video that was supposed to be email to us but Never received it. Call the company Numerous times, even speaking to the head person in charge Kevin several time and gave my address to send the money and have yet to receive anything! This was over a month and a half ago.
1	I was pleased with the photos, and the photo editing that the clerk did when I purchased the photos in Mirage's Secret Garden gift shop. I found out later the clerk was a Cashman employee; he told me at the time of purchase that if I gave my email address, I would be sent digital photos. A week went by and nothing in my email. So I called the giftshop. An employee (most likely Cashman) told me to wait at least 2 weeks. So I wait and wait. I call the gift shop again. They give me the number of "corporate." To make a long story short, I thought I would be receiving photos in my email. Not even close. Here's what the real deal is: with your bar code from your gift shop/photo receipt, you use the Cashman website to purchase a choice of 2 products to make the photos yourself on line. $39 for 8 pics, or 20 for 1 pic. I feel like I was duped into thinking one thing, and roped into another. All the Cashman employees at the Secret Garden had to do was tell me the truth: They would not email me at all nor would they email me my pics. I would not be receiving free pics in an email. I would need to hang on to my receipt and use it to buy products from Cashman to edit my own pics online. All I wanted was a copy of one of the pictures that I bought in the gift shop. Since at least 2 employees told me I would be receiving an email, and 1 told me I would be receiving pictures in an email, I can only think that these employees are poorly trained, or that Cashman uses underhanded tactics to sell their photos. What a blackeye for the Mirage's Secret Garden. I have spoken to the Mirage Secret Garden gift shop assistant manager about this. She assured me she would check it out. She puts the responsibility squarely on the Cashman employees who work in the Secret Garden. I am going to address this further with the Cashman corporate office. I expect to be hussled at various places on Las Vegas Boulevard by street performers and homeless vagrants, but not by Cashman employees at the Mirage. Boo. Hiss. Bad bad business practices.
2	Cashman photographers do a great job at capturing memorable moments on film. The product is AMAZING!HOWEVER... Their salespeople are extremely pushy, high pressure, and some even dishonest. I've had a couple of very bad experiences with them.1) We went to see Zumanity at NYNY. After the show, the photos were for sale. I told the salesperson that I wanted to purchase the digital download. She told me that I should buy the hard copy from her because if I do, the digital download will be e-mailed to me for free! So I purchased the hard copy, waited weeks for my digital download and never received it. I e-mailed the company and they said the download IS NOT included with the hard copy. I told them the salesperson told me it was, and that was the only reason I bought the hard copy. Anyway, they wouldn't give it to me until I complained to the BBB, and then they finally gave me my digital download no charge as promised.2) I went to the Boys II Men concert and took a photo. Knowing I had a problem buying the digital download from their salespeople in the past, I told the salesperson I was going to buy it direct online. He got extremely mad and questioned why I couldn't buy it directly from him. I told him I had a flight to catch and I was really late (true story, made my flight by just 2 mins). Also, the digital download in person is $25 and it's only $18.75 online. I didn't like his attitude, plus he was raising his voice to me in front of all the other customers. I was worried he deleted my photo because it was not appearing online, but in the end they uploaded it late and I paid for it and love it.Don't get me wrong, they take really really really good photos! They need to replace their sales staff though, because they smell like commission breath and want to argue with you when you want to buy it online for less money. If it were the same price in person, I would of bought the download in person, but it wasn't and their attitudes suck!
