5	Excellent service for a great price. I had my machine completely cleaned and tuned up for $50. He explained some things to me to help keep it running smoothly and gave a warranty on the tension fix he did. He said if I had any more problems I could bring it back in and he'd adjust it, no charge. Very fast turn around.
5	The Dog Wash needed the blow dryers cleaned out. Instead of going to an expensive pet place to have them fixed we took them to Baseline Sew - Vac. We had them all back in time for our Valley fever Fund Raiser. They work great. We will probably be going back soon. I highly recommend this business.
4	I've taken my sweeper (yes, sweeper; not vacuum) for repairs here twice.  I have a cheap sweeper from Target.  I think it cost $70-80 when I got it 3 years ago.  The first time it was a cheap fix ($30) and the sweeper ran great afterward.  The most recent time, it was a more costly repair ($50) and I wish he would have called before he spent the time and parts on the repair because I probably would have just bought a new sweeper instead of having the repair.
5	This is a great place for vacuum repair! I dropped mine off on Tuesday, went back and picked it up on Wednesday repaired and cleaned! Great service and reasonable prices!
1	My Bissell steam cleaner quit sucking up water, so I brought it in to this location (as the one I used to use on McClintock/Southern had moved), telling the owner to call me with a diagnosis. After 2 weeks and no word, I drove down and was told I was missing a crucial piece of the machine, without which he could not tell me what was wrong. I asked if he had my phone number. He checked. He did and it was correct.  I delivered the missing part a couple of days later. After 2 more weeks and no word, I looked up his phone number online and was told the machine was fixed. I paid $59.00. The next day, I started shampooing my carpet when the machine started smelling like burned plastic, so I shut it off and took it apart to see what the problem was. I discovered that the roller brush had not been installed into the plastic clip correctly and the friction had burned right through it. I ordered new clips (had to order the brush as well as they are not sold separately on the Bissell site). When it came, I went to install it and discovered that the two small red clips had also been broken. Pretty disgusted and won't be going back to this location.
5	After discovering that my power cord/ foot pedal for my sewing machine got lost in the moving process, I decided I would save myself the hassle of calling around town to find a replacement and just order one through one of the Singer authorized e-retailers.  When it finally came in I plugged it into the machine, flipped the power switch...and nada!  Seeing as how I didn't have time for a replacement (that may or may not work) to come in I decided to see if it could be repaired.  I wasn't sure if anyone would check the power cord seeing as how I bought it from someone else, but when I called the store Raoul told me it was no problem and to bring it in. I was half expecting him to just take one look at it, tell me it was broken and push me into buying a new one, but he actually took it apart to see if he could repair it.  Once he determined it was beyond repair, he actually took the time to explain what was wrong with it so I had a leg to stand on when I called to company to return it.  As a bonus, he had one in the store that he was able to sell me so I didn't have to wait.  I was very impressed by how willing he was to go above and beyond.  Needless to say, I will be coming here for all of my sewing machine needs!
5	Baseline Sew and Vac is FANTASTIC!!!! Raoul is a very nice and knowledgeable man and one heck of a vacuum mechanic. I have sent him my Dyson, Hoover, Bissell Rug Cleaner and a Hoover Floor Mate. He fixed them all and improved the suction for a very reasonable price. This guy is ACES and I would definitely recommend him for all your vacuum cleaner and all small motorized appliances.
1	Awsome customer service...however  after getting home machine was NOT fixed or even opened up!! Test fabric was still in the EXACT way I put it in!!!  :-(
5	I was really impressed with how quickly and cheaply Raul was able to fix our Dyson vacuum. I dropped bit off Monday afternoon and picked it up Tuesday. Replaced the belt and clutch for just under $50.
1	I have a Kirby vacuum cleaner as well as a Bissell Carpet Cleaner. I've taken them to Raul several times. THAT'S THE PROBLEM!  The Carpet Cleaner NEVER worked right again after taking it to him to clean out and repair anything that's wrong. I THOUGHT that might be JUST the nature of the BEAST w/a Carpet Cleaner, but after this past week, I'm NOT so sure!This guy has NO IDEA what he's doing with a vacuum EITHER. I took my Kirby into him for a tune-up, for its FIRST time in 13 years!   That's how sturdy Kirby's are! He told us when we first went there that he was able to work on Kirby's. I should've pushed that a lil further when he said that. But as I've found out, even I could SAY "I'm qualified to work on Kirby's..."! That doesn't MEAN I really am! It cost me $75 FOR a tune up. One would THINK that replacing the Light Bulb in the vacuum SHOULD be part of his check list! But NO! I had to take it BACK to him for him to replace the bulb  and he CHARGED ME for doing something he should've done in the first place!Many times I'd have to take it BACK to him, less than a month after just doing so. The parts he worked on or replaced, once again FAILED! So it's cost me time and money to keep taking my vacuum to him.  These Kirby parts in the vacuum lasted 13 years before even needing a tune up! I've had to take it BACK to him TWICE for the replacement of the foot switch! He uses "after market parts" that aren't to be USED on Kirby's. When he went into the transmission of the vacuum, he reassembled it with the WRONG parts. My WIFE noticed it. We SHOWED this to him and his reply was "oh!"  He DIDN'T replace them or FIX the problem, he just said "oh!"This LAST week was the LAST straw!  I had to once AGAIN take my Kirby into him because of the "foot switch" not working. That was Monday of last week. I asked him how long it'd be? Without hesitation he said "... oh a day, TWO at most. I'll call you when it's ready!"  SATURDAY rolls around and I hadn't heard from Rhaoul and decided to call him and check on it. I asked him if it's ready and he said "No, I haven't had a chance to get to it. MAYBE today, but I doubt it. It'll be Tuesday at the earliest."  Now remember this guy told me ONE, MAYBE TWO days!  We're 6 days into it and he's NOT even LOOKED at it!  He was VERY unfriendly and downright RUDE on the phone. He acted as if he was doing me a FAVOR fixing my vacuum. That I should understand how busy he is.  Let me tell you something... if he wouldn't constantly go to the business next door to him and DO SOME WORK, I MAY have gotten it back in 2 days! He spends MORE time over there than he does at his OWN business. He cooks shit in the back of his business and takes it over to them etc...  He actually made me WAIT as a customer, and actually LEFT the store, so he could run their food over to them while it was hot! How about working on some damned vacuums? Isn't that what I'm paying you for?I was SO mad, I got on YELP and Google and started looking for Vacuum repair services that were fairly close!  FAIRLY CLOSE at this point would've been TUCSON if necessary!  I found one that I SHOULD'VE used in the first place. I thought they'd closed, but they just moved!  So I called Raul back and told him not to touch my vacuum! I'll be there in about 20 minutes to pick it up. I went and picked it up and took it to the "Certified Kirby Repair Center" by the time I got home and settled with a couple beers watching ASU vs ND, the NEW place had it fixed and ready to pick up.I will NEVER use this business again under ANY circumstances. Raul, I'm doing YOU a FAVOR by bringing my vacuum in to your business. You definitely need to take classes at the Community College dealing with "Customer Service" and "Time management".  ***If you take your vacuum here for repair, be READY, WILLING and ABLE to take it somewhere else so they can FIX it!***(UPDATE 11/11/14: Just got my vacuum back YESTERDAY! It was READY SATURDAY as well! The "foot switch" that I had to take to Raul TWICE for breaking, AGAIN needed CHANGED. I say CHANGED cuz Raul NEVER CHANGED the part in the first place. He simply SUPER GLUED the part back together, then charged ME for a new one!)Besides being RUDE, I'd say he's pretty damned DISHONEST as well. He'd change parts that don't need changing, NOT change parts that do! I mean how HARD would it have been for him to call Kirby and order the part from THEM instead of (I can't even believe I'm writing this) "SUPER GLUING" the broken parts?  Do business here at your OWN peril...
