5	I blame my mother for my love for Holland Boone. So does my husband. Their pewter serving pieces are magnificent and to die for. Now that I have my own kitchen, I have started my pewter collection, as well as other goodies from their store. Which include:Holiday decor & ornamentsCandlesManzanita Trees (stunning!)FurnitureHome AccessoriesPrice Range: Moderate to Pricey (the larger the piece, the higher the price)
5	Such a fun place to give your house that "look!"  Your friends will be asking "where did you get that!?!?"The small import business Daniel and Dominique Boone began in their garage in June of 1992 has grown into one of the country's largest warehouses of polished metalware projects direct to the public. Frames, candlesticks, serving trays, bowls, wine buckets, mirrors, and crosses, are only some of the hundreds of items that fill the warehouse. Named after their daughter, Holland, Holland Boone Home is not just known for metalware anymore. The thirteen thousand square foot show room also houses gorgeous one-of-a-kind furniture, Italian pottery, wall hangings and clocks, Mexican glass, seasonal decorations, and much, much more. Add style and color to any room in your house. With new shipments arriving weekly, there are always interesting new pieces to discover at Holland Boone Home.
4	How does one describe Holland Boone?A couple of years ago, the AZ Republic had a 1/4 page advertisement for this eclectic place.  It looked interesting, so we decided to take a drive.  The dictionary defines eclectic as : "Deriving ideas, style, or taste from a broad and diverse range of sources."  That fits Holland Boone well!You see Holland Boone is a housewares store that has chairs, tables, bookcases, pretty real looking fake fruit, scented candles and aerators, knickknacks; they also have clocks (photos), stone figures and pewter.  Pewter of all types and sizes.  From serving trays, to baskets, to... well everything.  Actually, it was their first business.  They began "in their garage in June of 1992. The thirteen thousand square foot show room also houses gorgeous one-of-a-kind furniture, Italian pottery, wall hangings and clocks, Mexican glass, seasonal decorations"  Here's what they don't mention...  their prices are very fair and even better if you have a coupon.  Hint, hint, wink, wink, know what I mean?  Say no more! The bird may be dead, but it looks real at Holland Boone.  Apologies to Monty Python!It's fun shopping at Holland & Boone and finding things you didn't even know you wanted or needed. LOL  Twice a year they have one of the best sidewalk sales I've ever seen.  It's held mostly under a tent, and they have free soft drinks and bottle water.  They even put out some comfy chairs for us guys while we wait. You could spend an entire day here!We also would recommend signing up for their email coupon blasts: http://www.hollandboone.com/coupons.php
5	Back in high school, when I thought the hottest thing doing was Abercrombie, Charlotte Russe, and the new Target by our house (come to think about it, Target is still the bees knees) I was naturally aghast when my mother took me "shopping," and we ended up here.  Why are we in the middle of nowhere?What is this large brick building, a dentist office? I do not see a Starbucks.Turns out there was some hope for my future self because within 30 seconds of pouting my way inside, I fell in love.  So. Many. Things. To. Look. At.  I come to Holland and Boone (which isn't so in the middle of nowhere anymore) whenever I need a gift.  Not just any gift, a gift to make an impression.  Among my many faults is my distain for registries (I know, I knowwww) and if you are going to deviate from the list, it better be memorable.  Every single wedding I have attended since High School the Bride & Groom have ended up proud owners of some sort of pewter.  I take that back, every single wedding where I liked the Bride & Groom they have come up winners (sorry).  Not only do they got gadgets and gizmos a-plenty,  they've got whozits and whatzits galore.  Heck, you want thingamabobs?  They have 20 (which is the Disney way of saying their selection and variety is unbelievable).  The truly amazing part is the pricing.  You can get anything from a stunning wedding frame, shell shaped salad bowls, fancy serving dishes, ornaments, trays, golf themed pewter salad tongs, to fabulous holiday decor or large scale furniture... all for beyond reasonable pricing; especially when we are talking high level gifting.Note: When I say Holiday decor I am not even scratching the surface, and they keep it fresh every year.I know this review is all over the place, much like my ADHD brain every time I step foot in their giant showroom & easy to use warehouse.  They do monthly specials as a gift suggestion, and as other's have mentioned they do coupons as well.  You can get velvet bags at checkout which helps with gifting, and that butcher paper sack and black tissue paper that comes standard never fails to excite. The bottom line is if you are looking for a gift, or something special for your house, go here (but don't tell my mother).
1	I don't see what all the hype is about. It's literally just an over priced house section of target, urban outfitters and world market.
5	This is a delightful place to find special gifts and home decor. You will love it. It's always fun to spend a little time here, and you will find the staff friendly and helpful.
