5	I wasn't so fond of a Krispy Kreme opening nearby, as I have never been a fan of their donuts in supermarkets. Upon walking in, I was greeted with a free sample of some frozen drink, and a line of about 10 people--the place was hoppin'! There were fresh donuts rolling down a "production line" with the icing pouring down on them, yum. They were hot, too.As I was waiting in line, I noticed that they got a B for sanitation. Uh, ew, so I take a star off right there. Hopefully they get it up to an A. We ordered a dozen dounts, and the staff was okay. Not exceptional, sort of just there. Whatever, not really a big deal. The donuts were delicious. They were light, fluffy, and just the best donuts I've ever had. Amazing. The raspberry filled one was just the right amount of raspberry filling. Now I can't believe I have this gem right by my house. Boy am I going to get fat...Edit--Sanitation up to an A. 5 stars.
4	My in-laws own a mom-and-pop New England donut shop institution...and admitting I like myself a little KK every once in awhile is sacrilegious, I know.  But when they're hot outta that oil and on the conveyor belt, how can you go wrong!?This location is in a strip mall, in the same plaza as the WalMart and Chick Fil A.  It's on the end so there can be a drive through, which is, every time I pass by, packed at least a few cars deep.  Who knows what it's like in the AM! It's clean (since it's new) and the workers will greet you when you come in.  When I came in, I asked what was coming off the conveyor.  A clueless employee didn't know (I suspect she was in high school, so I'll give her some slack) GUESSED instead of asking someone else.  She said vanilla cream.  I said I'd take one. Instead, she gave me a Boston cream from the case, not the conveyor belt.  Another cashier tried to interject, and get me my original order.  Oh well, no big deal. PS: Since when does KK serve oatmeal too?  I know it's the trendy thing to do...but it just  seems so wrong, since donuts and oatmeal are on opposite sides of the nutrition spectrum.
5	Dear Krispy Kreme,ARE YOU TRYING TO MAKE ME FAT AGAIN?Listen, I was perfectly fine with you slowly slipping away from my life. Like an old flame, I chose to remember you fondly, than pine for your return, because I know what you coming back into my life: me pigging the hell out on Chocolate Iced Custard Filled donuts. I don't need that kind of abuse again in my lifeI was fine with you relocating. The fact that the nearest KK from where I live is in the shitty end of Independence Blvd in Matthews made it easy for me to not want to get in my car and slowly drive past your door like a jilted lover. Like that line in "Thunder Road," I screamed your name at night in the streets. Quitting you was hard, oh so hard, but I finally learned to let you go.So when I learned that you, you heartless, lovely, evil, passionate she-devil, you were opening a new location at the Walmart shopping center in Indian Land, just a short - and I mean SHORT - drive from my humble abode, I did not greet this news well. The longing had returned. As did the guilt. And shame. And a desperate need to reconnect with you, even if you'd wronged me. If loving you was wrong...well, you know.Sure, sure, you told me this was all part of your "brand reboot," but you're not fooling me, Witchy Woman. This "brand reboot" is nothing more than a cruel conspiracy against me, to tear me away from the idyllic life I'm currently leading, one that's filled with organic fruit and protein drinks, and not your fattening yet earthy delights. She-devil!I won't lie though: I missed you. Did you miss me? Did you hear me whisper your name to the wind, the way Jane Eyre cried out for Edward Rochester? I missed your donuts. I missed the way they made me feel, so full of life yet so dirty. And your Chocolate Iced Custard Filled donuts...oh, so delicious, just like I remembered you, the custard so creamy as if suckled from the bosom of the gods. Wow. I'm getting all hot and bothered right now. And possibly diabetic. And I've been healthy for years. When I'm on my deathbed, dying from custard shock, will you cradle me in your arms? Will you? WILL YOU?Are you happy now? Is this what you wanted? Of course you do. You make quittin' you hard. I love you.
4	Ahhh...it's absolutely heavenly rolling up and seeing the "Hot Now" sign....knowing that piping hot and freshly glazed donuts are waiting for you!I found the Krispy Kreme by total accident and literally started jumping up and down in the car!!! I could already taste the gooey, hot glaze and delicious donuts!There are two pretty cool things about this location, first it's located in a strip mall with a Walmart and some fast food restaurants so you can do some shopping or grab a bite to eat first, then pick up your donuts or vice versa. The second very cool aspect is that they have a drive thru!!! All that goodness and I don't have to get out the car...yes please!So of course through the drive thru I went, The customer service here was wonderful, greeted promptly and my order was prepared correctly. And it was so fast! Before I knew it, we had made it all the way through the drive thru and two hot glazed donuts were missing....hmmmWell, they were delicious! I'm sure to be back very soon, so excited about finding this location!
5	The donuts are always fresh here! I get them for my office and everyone loves them
5	I've made a rule that I can only stop at the Krispy Kreme when the light is on.  All other times are just a little disappointing.  The hot doughnuts are something to wait for, but you have to make it a special visit - because if you become a regular, your body will NOT thank you.  This location has very friendly and quick staff.  Whenever they have the light on, there is always a line of 5+ cars in the parking lot.  So good, quick and convenient.  Major calorie intake, here I come.
5	Great spot, I rarely drive through but good to know it's there. It's a NC law that of there are hot glazed coming off the line you have to eat one. Don't be a law breaker. Try the special of the month and don't forget a drink. The coffee is delicious
5	I LOVE this place! the doughnuts are always hot and fresh and they are SUPER tasty Recommend this to anybody. Tip: Doughnuts are not hot and melt in your mouth until 7:30 or 8:00 pm to around 7:30 the following mornings. AWESOME!
