4	I'm not sure if it was Jon I met there a few times, but the man behind the counter was helpful and funny.  Don't ask for a cheap cigar or you'll be corrected - 'no no no - "inexpensive" - cheap implies poor quality' - in the voice of a movie college professor.  A good place to buy gifts for guys, even if not cigars, especially the cool zippo lighters.  They carry a full line of humidores and smoking accessories.
4	A great place to go for advice, cigars + accessories, a smoke, or just plain good conversation.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable, and when I have gone in and asked for recommendations for pairings with certain liquor, their suggestions have been right on the money, if not a little expensive (though I'm sure if I specified a maximum price they would find me something without problem).  That being said, though some of the cigars I have purchased have been expensive, they've been worth every penny.  There is always a group of people hanging around and talking whilst enjoying a pipe or cigar.  They are always good for conversation, and I really can't imagine many places that I'd rather go.  It is a little cramped, but that's of little consequence.  I just wish they'd carry some smaller humidors.If you enjoy a good pipe or cigar, you've got to stop by Jon's.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Jon's- a rectangle of a store between a sportswear place and an old-time barber shop.  Packed to the gills with so many pipes and pipe-blends that you'll need their expertise to know where to start. Oh, and humidors line the walls and cabinets; so, there's no want for cigars either.These guys supplied my first excellent cigars (Avo Maduros), and when asked, they politely explained and helped with my first pipe and pipe-blend(s).  I haven't been steered wrong by the staff yet.  There's a reason people come over here and hang out- the staff are hilarious.  Excellent discussions ensue over many a bowl of excellent tobacco.  Friends frequently bring items to share with others as well.I didn't realize what a gem this place was until I traveled more and dropped in on other pipe-shops around the country.  These fellows go above and beyond.  They even have popular Dunhill and Esoterica blends in bulk and sell in ounces as desired.  If they have something open, they'll give you a bowl-full to try out in the shop.  [Penzance, Margate, And So To Bed (tried all these in ounces first).]There's a reason Former (Hans) Neilsen drops by the shop first when he enters the country.  He always brings his best pipes and they sell them at excellent prices.While I love Iwanries in Chicago, this place has more of a small-town feel to it, characters included, and is a place not to be missed if you're dropping in for a while.  Grab a stogie or a great pipe blend from them on your way to Papa Dell's and enjoy it after a great pizza at a local outdoor beer-garden.  [sorry folks, we are plagued with anti-smoking laws here as well]Tip for the beginning pipe-smoker- "estate pipes" at Jon's are cleaned carefully before sale and are at least half the original selling price.  Older pipes have greater value often due to better briar wood available at the time.  Antiques can be found in the estate drawers.  Not all of them are low-priced!  Some Radice Double-Bores are available etc.- so don't go thinking the estates are worse.  Jon's has a fantastic selection of estate pipes and also allow lay-away on pipes you love but can't afford all at once.Be sure to say Hi to Pat.  He's fantastic.  Stopped me at a local bar a while back and introduced himself to my girlfriend as "Allen's Tobacconist."  [I have a tobacconist! LOL]  Pat's a gem.  Every once in a while another staff member expresses an opinion that I don't agree with, but I still love these guys- I figure I'm dealing with real fellows here and take the every so slight bad opinion with the excellent.[One of the staff is Deputy Mayor of Champaign, and another is a retired State Police Investigator- so you know they have some stories to tell.]  Sorry, I could go on and on here- better stop now!  :D
5	Favorite tobacco store in CU for sure. I hate to even say it, but I usually get weird looks coming into places like this, probably because I'm a girl and people assume I don't know what I want, but not this place. I'm always greeted and the folks there are really friendly and don't look down on me for asking any question. AND one time I was even rushing my way over to get my favorite cigars only to find the place was close, but I was in luck! One of the staff  members saw me trying and failing to get the door open and came and let me back in! Stuff like that makes me like this place even more!
5	Went to Jon's a few times to buy some cigars for cigar smokers I knew.  All seemed satisfied with the selections chosen for me.  Decided to get into cigars myself and went in to buy some with a list I compiled from online.  The salesperson was very helpful, explaining the subtle nuances of the various cigars.  We talked of smokes, single malt scotch, and their regular smokers.  Others in the store joined in.  Very cordial atmosphere.  When I found some cigars I had forgotten about, I emailed for help and was given instruction on how to make a "poor man's" humidor.  Am amazed at the selection of pipes, tobacco, cigars, etc.  Feel confident in the suggestions made.  Will be a return customer for sure.
5	A pipe-smokers paradise! This tiny shop has a dazzling selection of new and vintage pipes, along with the most extensive selection of tinned tobaccos I've ever seen outside of a Web site. Even better, the staff is extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and happy to chat. This is what a pipe shop should be -- and what virtually none of them are anymore.
5	I go into a lot of different tobacco shops across the country as I travel for work and Jon's is my favorite.  Very friendly staff and an incredible selection of cigars and pipes for such a small store.  I think the owner said that they have ~60k cigars in stock.  Additionally, this is by far the least expensive shop I have been to.  Cigars that would cost $11 or 12 in Atlanta or Orlando are $8 at Jon's, though this may have changed since Illinois instituted a new tobacco tax.  Their house blend pipe tobaccos should not be missed either.
4	They've got a great selection of cigars AND pipes.  It's hard to find a good selection of the latter this day and age.  Most shops cater to the higher margin and repeat cigar business more than the pipe business.  Many other shops seem to carry pipes as an afterthought.  That's not the case at Jon's.  Jon's is a pipe shop first and foremost, they just happen to carry cigars too.They have a huge selection of pipes, and most are priced fairly.  They have a nice selection of bulk/house blend pipe tobaccos and a respectable offering of tinned pipe tobaccos.  Plenty of accessories to round out your shopping experience.  The store is a little small/cramped, but that's a given considering their proximity to campus.  I never felt uncomfortable in the store -- it just adds to the charm.If you're a college kid looking for RYO tobacco and supplies, yes, Jon's stocks those items as well.  This is no head shop, so don't waste your time looking for pipes made from materials other than briar or meerschaum.I dropped a good amount of dough here considering it was my first visit.  I found a pipe I just had to have, a couple bulk blends that caught my attention, and some tins that appeared to have some age on them (a good thing).  After I left the store, I met up with the owner and other regulars at a local bar that has a covered/heated patio area and bought two more cigars at that event (it's a weekly or monthly thing they do).Overall, it's a great shop with an outstanding pipe selection, a very good pipe tobacco selection, and a good cigar selection.  If you're lucky enough to catch the owner, he's an extremely personable and nice fellow.
1	I usually never have a problem here, but I just got talked to like I was a pile of crap stinking up the place.I came to get snus and they were out of the regular flavor and I was like shucks and the guy (beady eyes, dark hair, mustache, glasses) just sort of looked at me like he was already tired of me. So I asked "when are you getting any more in?" You know, a normal customer question when things are out of stock....and he just huffs and says in the most contemptuous way possible "UH well MAYBE at the end of NEXT WEEK after we MOVE to the NEW LOCATION"...with a scowl on his face while shaking his head and turning to his pipe.I was just taken aback and said "oh you're moving huh" and he whips his head back scowling 'YEAH, we're MOVING", continuing to shake his head and turning away as if I should have known all along and just inconvenienced him with the dumbest question he's ever heard. Well excuuuuse me, I didn't get the memo! It's not like I came in seconds to closing or that I was interrupting him while he was busy, there was nobody else in the place. So I just silently walked out, never to come back! Obviously I'm not welcome anymore. Way to think that one through, old BOY. I wished I had said something but this is more constructive. No use trying to reason with that cantankerous, condescending old codger attitude. I need to quit anyway, so thanks for helping me kick the habit. Seriously, how about take a vacation or try exercising once in your life already, if that's all it takes to unload your bad day or moving woes on regular customers you're expected to treat with common courtesy. You know, since your brick and mortar tobacco industry sort of depends on it....that whole free-market thing...
1	This shop is everything that a pipe collector could want. The shop keepers however, are smug and condescending.  They spoke down to me and seemed very put out that I was even in the store. I like to shop at local establishments but after this experience I will be buying my pipes on line.  Plus, they both speak like Mr. Howell from Gilligan's island, pretentious and fake.  Great selection, but you can find the same for cheaper online without the insulting clerks.
