4	McClintock and Warner location. It is small and a good store of the ease of getting in and out. It is an older location, and plans are in the works to update. Deli staff is very professional. Ken and Paul are great cashiers who know their customers by name. This is no Whole Foods, but when you need the gallon and milk and loaf of bread, you can find quickly and get on your way.
3	The neighborhoods around the Warner/McClintock Basha's waited, that's WAITED patiently as we were anticipating the reopening of the new and improved (although I never heard ONE PERSON complain about the dated) Bashas.    My husband and I attended the grand opening free breakfast and loved the ambience of the PEOPLE who staff 'our' local store.      I cannot explain the disappointment easily.  Although I understand that the store is basically the same size, it feels sterile and average.  The ceilings are warehouse-y and vibrate the overhead speakers; the floor is made up of large gray tiles that suck the energy out of the spaces; the walls are painted with two different GREENS and neither is decorated...seems bare and underwhelming; the 'cafe' is lovely!!; it feels like you have to walk more to find what you want.  The produce dept  always needed a little improvement and we were told there is a new buyer...THANK YOU!    Overall, I'm glad they are open, maybe I'll get used to it...it feels sad and stark, not warm and welcoming...surfaces are squarish and hard.  I don't know who convinced the Basha's family to go with this design, but try to get your money back.     Always loyal, but not always satisfied!
4	I don't remember shopping at this location prior to the remodel.I can see myself shopping here much more often in the future.  I'm already thinking about how much it sucks to shop in the summer when it's 110 - but covered parking?!?  oh, yeah, I'll be there in the summer.Nice and clean, easy to shop, wide aisles, no clutter in the end caps.  SO easy to shop this store.Went in today for an advertised price on chicken that we were planning on having tonight.  Asked the meat guy if there was any more chicken left.  Was told that they were sold out.  I told him that the reason we came to his store was because of the price and we were planning on eating the chicken tonight with dinner guests.  I asked if he could sub something, and he said, "SURE, no problem!"  Friendly, helpful, super easy.I also mentioned that the last time we came in, I bought something with a manager special sticker on it but was charged the regular price.  The customer service guy refunded my money with no questions!  Awesome.Great store, nice selection of bulk items, fresh produce, large service deli, in house bakery with some incredible looking treats, clean.....I'll definitely be shopping at Bashas!  As if I could rave anymore, it's a LOCALLY owned business!
4	This Bashas used to look like every other typical grocery store, until the remodel.  It's pretty fancy looking now!  The covered screen parking is a nice perk during the scorching summer days, and it looks like they offer more "natural" type foods.
4	I L.O.V.E going grocery shopping and I love going to different stores because you can always find something different. Bashas is pretty awesome. Nice selection in both the bakery and meat departments. The babes got some really pretty slabs of prime rib and i walked away with some new cheeses and good produce. I'm somewhat of a produce snob but the selection is overall good at this location.So to recap:Covered parking :)Good beer selection :))Good produce, meat, and pastries :)))... umm yes I'm a definite fan.
5	Yes, I'm reviewing Basha's but hey, I have something useful to offer, so settle down. The Basha's deli is the shiz....yes, the shizzy 4 hizzy baby. Why, you ask? Well, let me tell you. First off, they make all of their salads on premises. I like that, I like my chicken salad, yes all white meat, thanks for asking to be fresh with cilantro and onion and made right there in the wee hours before I get my shopping done. Same with the egg salad and all the other tasty items.  My peeps at the register say the 411 is that the deli recipes are the same recipes as the ones used at ...wait for it.... AJ's, yea girl that;s what I'm talkin' about, I'm buyin' my AJ tastin' salad at Basha's -SNAP! Just so you know, girlfriend, most of your grocery delis are reaching into some big ol' commercial sized tub of Reese's whatever, shipped from who knows where and putting it out at the deli counter. That is NOT happin' at my Basha's! The meats and cheeses are Boar's Head which is a fine brand but what I really like is they don't slice it until you order it so my half pound of ham is fresh...yes,freshy freshy! Same with the cheeses, no slicing till I order it...Basha's deli treats a girl right. Me likey!
4	I've never been a regular shopper at Bashas' but I had to stop by this one because of the fabulous press it received. I picked up a free copy of Progressive Grocer magazine at the National Restaurant Association convention in Chicago, and was surprised to see this Tempe store was the cover story! (If you want to check out the article it's on-line at http://www.progressivegrocer.com/inprint/article/id5783/bashas-community-center/).Anyhow, I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the store was. Covered parking, slate floors, wide aisles, and an extensive craft beer selection! They have a build-your-own-craft-beer six pack option that I thought was pretty cool. I think the only other place I've seen this is in Whole Foods. The produce area was roomy and overflowing with abundant produce. I was thrilled to see beets at a very reasonable price, since I am considering attempting homemade borscht one of these days. Unfortunately, I had to pass on the beets because they appeared to be overly wet to the point that one of them had obvious mold growth. Very pretty produce displays--but they still need to monitor their inventory closely (hence, one star docked).The real draw that brought me to this Bashas' was the coffee. Originally hailing from California, I am a fiend when it comes to Peet's coffee! The best trend I noticed in California before moving to Phoenix was that whenever a Peet's coffee shop opened up near a Starbuck's, that Starbuck's would inevitably fail and be shuttered. True coffee lovers vote with their feet---and that's why I had to patronize this location. Besides the Peet's coffee bar at Sky Harbor airport (and I believe it's behind the security checkpoint otherwise I'd make the occasional pilgrimage there for my Peet's fix), this is the only other location in Arizona that you can be served a Peet's coffee drink!So kudos to Bashas' for remodeling this store and making for a quality shopping experience, but praise them for including a Peet's coffee bar!
5	This is a great store.  Still my five star choice.  Yes the "kitchen" or Chefs fixings is like a single star.This is actually a restaurant review for Bashas.  1 star.  Yuck.  You can look online for the "Chefs Kitchen" daily menu.  Tonight was meatloaf or turkey carvings each come with two sides.  Choices of corn on cob, bland mac and cheese or bland lifeless canned mashed potatoes. Nothing green for veggies.  Meatloaf didn't taste like meat Bbq'd sauce had a little kick.  Turkey seemed bland too.Why would you ever go to dinner at Bashas?  They have tables for eating with two TVs.  And if you house is getting gutted and have eaten out for the past week Bashas strangely sounds like reasonable idea.  $7.99 isn't worth it.Lunch.  Yes back to 4 stars.  Nice sandwiches.  Toasted or not.  Made to order if desired.  Chipolte Chicken sandwich on jalapeno bagel is great.  Boarshead Meats.  $5. A nice part of the store.  Oddly they use a laminated chart on how to make sandwiches and mine has been different numerous times.  Once with peppers on it, another time on a different bread.  Stick around so they get it right for you.Breakfasts burrito was maybe 3 stars.  They build for you. Plain scrambled eggs or peppers onion scrambled eggs potatoes cheese sausage or bacon.  Salsa was NO filabertos.  They need some good hot...hot sauce.  Sometimes I see biscuits and gravy and other items. Lunch yes - breakfast maybe - dinner no.Thanks to Lexi Linda Ken Pat you are the reason I shop Bashas.
5	I am copying a small part of the letter I wrote to Basha's in a personal email, but leaving out some details: I had a 5 star experience tonight when I shopped your #48 store on 1751 E. Warner Road in Tempe, AZ. I rushed home as soon as my shopping trip was over, just so I could type this letter to you. I work in retail and was raised by a family that owns a business, so I know a spectacular business when I see it. Charles the Pharmacist deserves every ounce of recognition you can give him. Estevan (or Esteban) from the deli and Diane the cashier were also helpful, respectful, quick, and kind with their service. Ever since moving to the Valley, I have had some trouble finding the right grocery store for me. After visiting what seems to be every grocery store in the Phoenix Metro area, (and I am very picky about my grocery stores) it is safe to say your store is the best grocery store in Arizona. The inviting new store design, ease of access to products, reasonable prices, and incredible customer service make this business worth visiting again, even though it is slightly out of my way.
5	Every time I shop at the store I like it more!!!  It is the cleanest grocery store in my area, the employees are friendly and helpful, the sale prices are great, the quality of the meat department, produce and bakery are fantastic. If you haven't shopped at Bashas  you've got to go check it out!
3	Bashas is a local grocery store so a part of me likes to shop there simply because of the connection.  They've recently upgraded the entire store and it suits them well.  An appealing display of produce that's part of the current weeks circular, plants and cut flowers are at the main entrance and not far from there you will find additional produce and the well displayed wines, spirits, and brews.I especially like that they have Boars Head deli meats and cheeses.  Gosh I can't stand that the other local store pushes you into purchasing their brand name deli meats and cheese.  Sorry but it's NOT the same.I've learned long ago that sometimes you can buy the offbrand and sometimes you will regret that decision.  I also like their doughnuts.  Now I really don't think they're quite as delicious as they were before the remodel and that could simply due to the fact that the lady who would fill my order just isn't there any longer.  What's her name?I don't do a lot of shopping here so typically I hit the self check out.  I like the convenience of self checkouts. Don't like the heavy fragrance one lady wore.  What I dislike of the self checkout is the volume of their register.  They say there's no way to turn the volume down.  Oh sheesh female voice, I know the routine -silencia!  FTMP they're polite and cheerful but sometimes, alright the truth is, when I'm grocery shopping I just don't want to be bothered.  Now if only they could put as much energy into removing shopping carts from where cars park.
