5	This is a brand new place that delivers to my house. Tried them tonight for the first time. I ordered a small (14" - pretty big actually) pizza with pepperoni and sausage, and some garlic cheese bread. The cheese bread was similar to Papa Johns in flavor, but somehow better. The pizza was pretty delicious - flavorful pepperoni, small italian sausage pieces (but plenty of them), the cheese was good and there was a generous amount of it... sauce and crust were good. I mean, it's pizza. I've decided that I just like pizza a lot - this might explain why I give so many positive reviews of pizza places. I just like being able to summon food to my door and it's still hot and tasty. I also like to support local businesses. The food here is good, and the prices are low, they deliver fast, and they're nice on the phone. This is a solid choice - and I think they are open super late.I'm told they are going to have online ordering soon, but it doesn't look like their website is up yet.
4	This new pizza place just opened up, and they left a flier on my door. I decided to call in on one of the specials they were having for a large pizza and 20 wings. The pizza arrived quickly (about 30-40 minutes as promised) and it tasted great! The prices are fair and they give you a lot of food. The slices are huge and I had leftovers for a few days after! The second time I ordered from them, I'm not sue what changed, but the pizza seemed a lot oilier. The cheese seemed to be really saturated in the oils, so I wasn't super impressed the second time around. The leftovers ended up sitting in the fridge until I threw them out.I will probably order from them again (perhaps the second order was a fluke) and I will probably try the cheesy bread that was recommended in a previous review of this place.Fairly priced, friendly staff, fair-good quality food and conveniently delivers!
5	the pizza and garlic cheese bread was epic, it was quick, friendly, and amazing
5	Give them a shot! Tried them out for the first time and so glad I did! Pizza and garlic knots were amazing. Prices were fair, delivery was early, pizza was huge (14" is a small!) two thumbs up!
5	Love this place! Saw them while I was driving by and stopped. Nice guys and good reasonably priced food. It just so happened I ordered from them three more times that week. Give these guys a shot!
3	I was disappointed by this place. I got a flier on my door with a great deal for wings, pizza, and garlic knots for 20.99. I hopped on Yelp and saw only positive reviews and got my hopes up for a delicious experience. They quoted me 45-50 minutes for delivery, but it actually took 75 minutes for the food to arrive. This was early on a Tuesday afternoon. The garlic knots were blackened to a crisp on the bottom, which ruined the flavor. They were loaded up with butter, garlic salt, and parmesan, which can be a good or bad thing depending on your tastes. I personally found them a bit too salty. The pizza was a good value for the price. The sauce is really tasty. I ordered pepperoni and extra cheese. The pizza didn't seem very cheesy though. However it was already cold and looked a day old by the time it was delivered so that could have something to do with it. The wings... oh wait, they forgot to deliver my wings! I called them back for the 3rd time (first to order, second to make sure that they got my order) and the driver returned 30 minutes later with my wings. After two hours, I finally had my complete order. Initially, instead of the wings, I was given the saddest gyro I have ever seen. Three strips of meat and a whole lot of pita. It was actually pretty tasty though. Thanks for the freebie, Zio's! The scrawny lil' suicide wings will light your mouth on fire. They were my favorite part of the meal. I would go back for their $5 large pizza. It's just as good as any of the other cheapo pizza places with $5 pies. Just don't expect anything special from Zio's.
5	Went there for the first time and ordered a 16" specialty pizza and the garlic knots. Both were tasty and both indicated that care and pride were part of their production and cooking. The staff were friendly; Manny was very patient as we tried to put together our order. Thanks!
3	So I was looking for a local pizza place that delivered and I found the listing for Zio's. Encouraged by the 4 1/2 star reviews I thought I would give it a try.  I ordered their Supreme Pizza with Medium Hot Wings and an order of Fried Mushrooms.Overall the food was in the decent to good range, but I was expecting something more with the higher than average ratings. There was nothing wrong with the food I ordered, it was just incredibly average.Nothing fantastic here.
5	Zio's pizza is MOTHA FUCKIN DELICIOOOOOUS!!!!  I had the Zio's favorite which consist of spinach, tomato, garlic, and feta cheese...GET SOME
4	My husband and I ordered the 20 piece wings to share  and they were very tasty! They have a very unique taste that I haven't tasted anywhere else! We chose fried boneless style wings with honey BBQ sauce. My only complaint is that the wings weren't tossed well with the honey BBQ sauce-- There were wings that didn't have sauce whatsoever. However, like I said earlier I ordered a 20 piece but they gave me about 25. So you win some and you loose some right? The service was above average for a pizza joint. I will definitely return to try a pizza!
4	Simple Review:3.5 Star Pizza: Thin chewy crust w/ decent sauce and topping distribution. I choose Zio's Favorite with spinach, tomato, and feta cheese. 3.5 Star Dinner Salad: Fresh greens and toppings, good balsamic dressing.  4 Star Overall: This is my new go to late night pizza place. Food seems homemade and is made with care which gives it a small edge over Howie's and makes it a better option then Gus's when you don't need beer delivery.
4	Fast service, freshly made, great prices. Highly recommend this place to anyone in the area. They're open til 5am which is extremely convinient. Def worth trying!
5	Literally the best wings I've ever had. New favorite delivery restaurant! Open super late so convenient for a late night snack.
2	Ok pizza. Good wings. They forgot my cheesecake and canollis, when I called..they said the next time we order we will get them for free. But, I won't be ordering next time because it was just ok. So I never got the money for those refunded..technically, that wouldn't be for free..right?
4	I read some of the reviews on here and were a bit worried, but I figured what the hell why not give them a shot myself. They kept putting flyers on our door, so we ordered actually just last night. My husband got the meatball sub and I got the antipasto salad, the sauce they used was very good, the meatballs were delicious! The bread was perfect! My salad was huge! with lots of the fixings that come with an antipasto. even the dressing was good, none of that kraft garbage. I would recommend to give them a shot.
3	We had this a while ago. The pizza was average. It tasted better than costco but this is far from gourmet. This does not stack up with other 4 star ratings I've tasted in the past. The price is most definitely more than a single dollar sign. It should be changed to $$.
1	This was my first time ordering from Zio's. I waited over an hour for my order. I called to see what was taking so long and was told the driver would be there any minute. I waited 20 minutes and then called back again. I overheard the man on the phone talking to someone else who asked if the order was even done yet, to which he replied NO! So, they lied about it being there "any minute" as the driver clearly hadn't even left yet. I asked for my money back because it had already debited my account and was then told 2 to 5 business days for my funds to be returned. I will NEVER order from Zio's again. And this was a Tuesday night.
1	Placed my order late in the evening asked for a phone call so as not to wake my roommate. What does the guy do but ring the doorbell at 1215am. Pizza was suppose to take max of 45 minutes to be delivered took over an hour, which is ridiculous since I live less than 2 blocks from this establishment. Pizza wasn't hot nor did it have very many toppings on it. I tried calling to check on my order and had no answer. This was my first and last experience with this place. Very disappointing.
1	Waited two hours for my order, food was cold when it arrived, delivery driver was unapologetic. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Will never order from them again.
2	Im new to town and was looking for a good pizzeria. Sadly this was not the right choice. The pricing is good. And there hours are great for college students I ordered a 14" pizza and they said 45 mins to an hour.. thats fine but when it got here my pizza was ice cold.. if you need more drivers to get the food to places hot then do it.. this was a waste of money. Cold pizza. And barely any toppings. Needless to say I wont be giving them my business again
5	Awesome guys working at this place, and the pizza's great too!
1	I felt a need to warn people about how awful this places food is. The spaghetti & pizza are bland and terrible the best thing they have was their cheesy bread and that was still worse than any other places I've ever had. This place is garbage. Don't waste your money.
3	Didn't have any problems with delivery times like others had mentioned. Just got a large pepperoni pizza and 10 wings. Pizza isn't bad, great cheese. Crust tasted a little cardboardy but didn't really affect the overall taste. I thought the pizza was pretty good, I'm mean I ate just about tho whole thing in one sitting. The wings are average, I can get better wings at a Philly place right around the corner. I don't think I got the $5 deal on a one topping large as pictured but I paid what you'd probably expect. Not really a first choice place, but if it's late night this place will definitely hit the spot and satisfy. They use a good ranch as well, which is very important ;) Keep this place in mind if you happen to crave pizza late at night, you and your friends will probably devour it.
5	I have been here a few times. I have had pizza, garlic knots, and their peperoni rolls a few times. This is probably the closest non major chain pizza place to my house. The staff are all very nice although their delivery takes a long time for as close as I live (Less than one mile from their store front). The food is always very good. Not the best but WAY better then any major chain pizza.
5	Amazing pizza! I was skeptical due to some of the not so good reviews, but I gave them a try and I'm glad that I did.  Ingredients are fresh! Sauce is delicious. Bread is just okay, but that's what makes it so good. Delivery did take a long time. 75 minutes to be exact, but it was worth it. Go for one of the specials so the price stays low.
2	Just ordered from here last night. Had no idea about the location but found it through the EAT24 app while looking for a late night pizza place. All the other pizza places nearby close around 11, right when I was looking to order. Other reviews seemed decent so I went for it. One 14" pizza and 10 wings.  Price was reasonable and the delivery time was too, 45 minutes to an hour. Using the EAT24 app made paying easy too, everything went through PayPal. Had ordered the Zio's Favorite Pizza. Half the pizza was under cooked and the other half was crispy. The spinach on the pizza seemed like it was out of a frozen spinach bag you get at the grocery store and there was very small amounts of feta cheese sprinkled in several spots. The 10 wings I ordered were soggy, almost like they were steamed, not a bit of crunch to the skin or any sign that they were baked or fried. The Hot sauce had a good flavor to it though, making it the best part of the wing order. Overall the experience was disappointing. Less than decent pizza and flat out gross wings. The convenience of Zio's being open late might get them some good business, but their food isn't helping them keep the business. Wouldn't order from here again.
1	After waiting over an hour for delivery they called to say there were out of zucchini. They could have told us at the time of the order. Poor communication, poor planning. Don't wait an hour for your delivery only to be called at the time of the supposed delivery to be told they are out of food.
4	Their pizza rolls are to die for! We get delivery from here once a week. The only downside is delivery usually takes 45mins at least..... I suppose it's worth the wait
1	This place isn't the worst pizza place I've been to. The portions are good and it's inexpensive. But that brings me to the worst thing about it. It's just...average. The pizza tastes bland and uninspiring. You get what you pay for, I suppose.
5	I loved it!  Ordered it from Eat24.  I love leftover take out so I ordered a supreme pizza, wings and a ham & provolone sandwich to share.  A half hour later it was delivered, all piping hot.  I ate half of the amazingly delicious sandwich and was full.  I did try the pizza and wings and they were good too but I am going to dream about that sammy...nom nom nom!
1	Ordered 2 pizzas, neither were cut, one pizza had the wrong toppings. 3/8 garlic knots were raw. Found them from a door flyer. Probably should of thrown it out instead of wasting $30
5	This is my new favorite pizza spot! Their pizza is amazing and their garlic knots are to die for!! This is my fourth time having them and it just keeps getting better. :-)
4	Great pizza- I really enjoyed the atmosphere but service could be better. Great first time experience!
3	I really really like this place, the food has been mostly excellent, however their service leaves something to be desired. I prefer to support local places other than chains, and while Zio's has excellent pizza, I think they need to work on their delivery. I've ordered take out from here numerous times, usually a plain pepperoni, sometimes a white pizza, meatball sub, wings, etc, maybe with a cookie or a piece of cheesecake. While the pizza is good, it almost always takes an hour and a half to get here, and is cold upon arrival. You guys have great pizza, please try to deliver it hot instead of an hour later in the pizza bag. :/As I write this review I have been waiting for a pepperoni pizza for over an hour. :/
5	I love Zio's!! Always amazing food and they're always so nice. My order has never been wrong and they're service is really fast! Love it here!! You will not be disappointed. The pizza is amazing and ingredients are always fresh! I've read the bad reviews and here and I'm really surprised because I've never had a bad experience. The hours are amazing too since my schedule is different from others and  up late. I'll continue going here they're good is delicious!!
4	Probably the best pizza I have had in Arizona. Kind of a shady area. I always get a pizza with garlic, tomatoes, spinach, ricotta and salami. Also they are open till 5am. They're within walking distance of the new Club Red, so it's a good place to eat at after a concert.I have yet to try the wings but the gold wings sound delicious.
5	More tasty food, great service, and fresh product here a few nights ago. We ate in and had another great experience. After reading some recent Yelp reviews, I was worried that our favorite small pizza place might have gone downhill, but it's as good as ever. We ate rolls (mushroom and onion) and Zio's Favorite pizza. Both were great and we were glad for it. Thanks, Zio's brothers! Keep on making great food and providing friendly service!
5	Yes to the Roni Rolls..a great unique combination of Pizza dough, cheese and pepperoni. Somehow, despite these three simple ingredients, these towers are built like a castle and are new to my mouth and world. This is a place I found using Yelp, but it is in a small strip mall in Mesa (was in the area on a miserable date) next to the good ole liquor store. The rolls did take like 30 minutes plus from call in to the extra ten minutes I waited while they finished cooking. An order of five was $6.37 and they include two marinara cups for dipping of which you will need both. Counter guy said I would love the rolls of which they are famous for and I agree. Will be back somehow, sometime.
1	The pizza's alright, but the turkey sandwich is absolutely horrid, and the delivery drivers are extremely rude (not to mention how it already takes an hour and a half to deliver). They always harass us for tips. If you want to support a local place, I would do Big Boy's Pizza...
3	Kids were eager for me to try pizza that they had ordered out at a school function. We ordered pick up which was about 25 mins. Workers looked like locals from the neighborhood and were friendly. Prices were same as other local pizzeria competitors. Kids had the pepperoni pizza & I tried the Zio's favorite. The pepperoni pizza was good with the flavors coming from the sauce. The crust was soft & chewy if you like your crust that way. I had the Zio's favorite. The pizza looked tasty. I took my first bite and hadn't had the sauce taste or flavors from the pepperoni pizza. I had hoped to at least taste more garlic on the favorite. Great pizza just a short execution on taste (more garlic flavor please). Overall 1st experience was good and a plus is that if you're looking for a bite to eat after a late night out they are open until early morning.
4	i love this place, it's within walking distance of the new Club Red, their dining room is open till 5am, and they deliver to like 4.30am. Yeah it can take a while, usually over 35 minutes for delivery, then again they're a real new york style pizza place, they dont have all assembly line bullshit and weird pizza oven with the conveyor belt, they have a real pizza oven and they take their time making some bomb pizza. If you order the Roni Rolls, I recommend that you ask them to go light on the garlic butter, or you'll drown in it. I always get a pizza with fresh garlic, tomatoes, spinach, ricotta and salami and it is absolutely amazing. What ever you do, just get ricotta on your pizza, you have no idea what you're missing.
5	I order from them at least three times a month, probably.  Their fettuccine is absolutely amazing, and I could seriously probably die for their white pizza.  Yum.  Only thing that sucks is delivery is always around an hour - but it's worth the wait!
5	5 stars, hands down.Why?  I work late hours and very few places are open when I get home from work.  Zio's is open late and still delivering, and I can barely express how grateful I am to have a hot meal after a long day at work and I'm just too exhausted to cook something myself.Have they ever gotten my order wrong?  Yes, twice so far to be perfectly honest.  Nothing major, mind you.  Once they got one topping on my pizza wrong, and the second time they forgot to add the parmesan I requested on my pizza.  But you know what?  Even the wrong orders were still hot and delicious.  And in the case of the forgotten parmesan they included a side-dish cup of the cheese that I could add myself.They've never been late, their food is always hot and tasty, and perhaps most important of all their pizza holds up well as leftovers for the next day or two.Do yourself a favor and check these guys out.  Try their delicious zesty garlic knots, order a pizza and maybe get a topping wrong, live a little and treat yourself to some late night delivery.I'm eating a slice of pizza that they forgot my parmesan on as I type this, and I regret nothing.
2	We were excited to get some wings and pizza from this place because we heard it was really good. I have a hard time writing bad reviews about restaurants only because I grew up in one, and sometimes we weren't prefect. But I felt the need to write something about my delivery experience here. I'm okay with waiting up to an hour for delivery. But almost two? That's ridiculous. On top of that we live down the street from this place so I would have expected it to be tops 50 minutes. Maybe I am to blame for not picking up the pizza myself but I paid for the delivery charges and tipped as well so I figured I should have at least had decent service. When we got finally got the wings and pizza it was COLD!!!!!!!! That's the worst. I think that this place has a lot of potential to be great. We ate the pizza and wings and thought it was good for being cold. But again I'd like to emphasize I didn't order COLD food. I hope that maybe they take what I've written here into account about their delivery service. I'd like to try them again but at $40 bucks for a large pie and some wings, it's an expensive trial run.
5	Love it love it love it! Made quick & hot! Seasoned nicely & not TOTALLY HEAVY on the bread/crust. Wings are exceptional! Love the gold wings & medium wings. Owner Nico is ALWAYS aiming to please. Thanks!
