4	The spicy french fries served here are enough by themselves to keep me coming back. The salads are delicious and come in gigantic quantities. You cannot go wrong when ordering any one of their pita sandwiches.
5	this is where we go after we turn in any big paper, take exams and/or have oral argumentsbasically, it's good enough to keep going back toand worth of a celebrationtry the mezze platter and sample everything!!!
1	I love mediterranean food, but I don't get this place. Though the hookah lounge is beautiful and romantic, every single time I've tried to eat something at Paymon's, I've been disappointed at best and at worst, even angry.If you get a sandwich, expect lots of bread and very skimpy fillings (unless you count lettuce). If you get a salad, expect very little of anything except lettuce.Maybe if I were a lettuce-atarian I'd like the place.
4	It's late on a Sunday night, and my brain has decided to rework the Disneyland Tiki Room theme like so:  "Oh, we're going/to the hookah lounge/to the hookah hookah hookah hookah lounge/Everybody/loves the hookah lounge..." etc.  Try it, you'll like it.But I digress.  I'd visited Vegas many times before we finally made it to this place, because it keeps weird hours, and always seemed to be closed when we wanted to go.  We finally caught it on a night when it was open, and it remains my first and best hookah lounge experience.When you enter, there's an interior "courtyard" dividing the Greek cafe on the right, and the hookah lounge on the left.  There are tables set up here for "sidewalk" dining, and this is also where they seat the overflow on the hookah lounge's waiting list.  Service isn't great out here, because the servers are usually hurrying back to the kitchen and don't check on you very much, but we did eat out here once.  I had the stuffed grape leaves, which were good but not outstanding, and the Greek fries, which lived up to all the hype.The hookah lounge itself has great ambience: red velvety swags of fabric on the walls, sultry-eyed portraits of harem maidens everywhere, plus ornamental hookahs and pretty chandeliers.  The seating consists of low, plush couches with big cushions, perfect for lounging indolently while you smoke.When you sit down, they'll present you with a tray of maybe fifteen different tobacco flavors in little tins.  I've enjoyed the apple, jasmine, and vanilla - banana was interesting, but weird.  Once you choose, they'll fill up your hookah, turn it on, and after a couple of minutes, it's ready to go.  The base lights up in an ever-changing rotation of colors, which is fun to look at, and each person gets an individual disposable plastic mouthpiece for the communal hookah pipe.One order of tobacco is good for about 30 minutes of smoke - you'll know your hookah is dead when you have to take a lung-busting inhale to get it to bubble.  If I recall correctly, it was about $15 for one sitting, so definitely take some pals to split the cost.  They're pretty good about not hassling you to leave, especially if you keep the drink orders coming, but they do have a last call (an alien concept for us Nevadans), so keep an eye on your watch.Between the crowds of customers and the bellydancing/techno background music, it can get fairly noisy here, and it's not a place to go for quiet conversation with an intimate date.  But as an exotic stop on a boozy night out, or a post-party chill session before heading home, everybody loves the hookah lounge, the hookah hookah hookah hookah lounge...
3	As you can tell from the very long name, the Hookah Lounge is attached to a restaurant. Apparently food from the cafe is available, but you'd have to be seriously stoned to want to eat here. And since the staff simply will not load the hookahs with hash, that is unlikely to happen.This is primarily a locals hangout, as it's somewhat off the beaten path. The Lounge is a long, narrow room, swathed in red fabric. An upholstered banquette runs along each wall, giving the impression that you are at a hookah smoke-off. The hookahs are attached to the tables, in order to prevent some sort of misadventure, I suppose. This also allows the placement of colored LEDs beneath each hookah, so the color changes as you smoke. Trippy, dude. The tables are surrounded by tuffets. Yes, just like that used by Miss Muffet. The seating places you close enough to the ground for intimacy, but not so near as to cause leg cramps. The decor is something out of an absinthe-fueled fever dream. In addition to the swags and gold cords and velvet tuffets, there is every painting of a harem or odalisque known to man. It is as if an art historian specializing in 19th century Romanticism went on a shopping spree.The Hookah Lounge is primarily about two things: tobacco and alcohol. Call it what you may, flavor it with apple, cherry or chocolate, it is still tobacco. The drinks match the tobacco, in that they are sweet and colorful. I had a Tanqueray and tonic, because I'm mean.
4	You know with Paymon's the Sahara location is great as far as ambiance goes. This location is in a crappy lil strip mall. The parking is weird because it's kinda one way but not really. Not really a lot of parking. I go here a lot...because I'm a big Babaganoush fan. Their babaganoush has a good balance of flavors. The flaming saganaki is good. A little salty....but oooo pretty fire. Fries...Mmmm yes it's spicy - yes there's this aoli to dip my fry in. Yes it's good. I've had dinner there - tandoori chicken. Not bad - the gyros and falafel plate pretty good. I usually get full because I load up on appetizers. There's not a lot of good mediterranean places so Paymon's Mmmm....Also they have a great tea selection. Very fragrant and aromatic....The Hookah Lounge next door is cool. Good bar - great cocktails, yummy tobacco flavors!
3	The food is good, and the hookah lounge is fantastic. Location? Well, not as good as the one on Sahara, but near UNLV so you work with what you got.
4	First of all, this is THE first date place in town.  I had my FIRST first date here, and it seems like anyone I step out with suggests coming here.  I think it's just because it's turned into a bit of a comfort food place for the mildly discerning local.I've tried almost the entire menu here and I've found that the things I like the most are those that are probably tried the least.  For those that forget that Italy is considered a Mediterranean country, don't shy away from their chicken marsala.  It's surprisingly good, even if the penne marinara served with it isn't the most harmonious of pairings.  The chicken fesenjan is tangy and refreshingly different, and the pastitsio (kind of a middle-eastern lasagna) is hearty, filling, and perfect for a rainy day.  Their Athens fries really are tasty and make up for the often disappointing hummus and questionable falafel.The ambiance of this place makes up for its culinary shortcomings.  Sit in the courtyard if you can, it's a completely different experience than the dining room.  The fountain, which would seem gaudy in its size other places, fits in well among the couches, pillows, rich fabrics and stained glass windows of the Hookah Lounge.  Move on over to the Hookah when you're done with your meal - it gets even better over there.
4	Good Mediterranean food.  Decent prices.  Nice Medierranean grocery store connected to it and a Hookah lounge also connected to it.  Waits can be long sometime for a table.
4	Pretty tasty food.  I ordered the persian chicken that had been slow cooked in crushed walnuts and pomegranite juice.  I mean, whats not to like about that?  They accomodated a large party very well and we even were seated in the back area (which is substantially nicer than the front of the restaurant.  And, the coffee was served in a very authentic and beautiful way.
3	I came here for a school trip for one of my F&B classes at UNLV. I for some reason had high expectations, and after I ate their food, I was much disappointed. Although when I went it was buffet style, so of course the food sitting on top of burners won't be the cream of the crop, (especially when the manager was speaking for what seemed like eternity) there is no excuse ! I agree with MiRIAM w. that the fries were good; their seasonings were tasty, but I think they just topped it with whatever they had in the cupboard...*Remember that Paymon's is NOT authentic Mediterranean food and they don't advertise it to be; I think some people forget about that.I give it three stars. Eh
5	The courtyard of the Maryland parkway store has been the scene of many girlfriend lunches over the years. I went last week to sit for a lunch and I was greeted by the waitress who has always worked out there, (she is so nice and friendly). I will say that I have narrowed down the menu to my favorites and so I sit down, and order a combination plate of cucumber dip and the best hummus in the city. I usually follow it with a big Greek salad or chicken pita, and I'm always so full after that!! I wont leave without a Moroccan tea or a Turkish coffee and I'm never upset when I leave!!
3	I enjoy this spot for the food, but I also like the environment.  Good music, colorful decor, and a nice seating area towards the back that has a kind of outdoor feel, with plants and bright colors.  There is usually a crowd at this restaurant, but service has always been good when I've been there.  I really like their hummus and taboule. I've also gotten takeout there a few times with no problem. There's a store attached to the restaurant where you can buy different foods and other items from the Mediterranean.
5	THE best Mediterranean place I have ever been to. The food is very flavorful, the menu has a lot to offer and I can go there with my vegetarian friends. Service is somewhat lacking but the food makes up for it. One of my favorite places in Vegas, or any city, for that matter.
4	Great lunch location - good for a business lunch or even for a date.
2	We shared a flaming saganaki appetizer served with pita bread - a slice of Kefalotyri (Greek) cheese that has been sauteed and then flambed with rum and finished with a sprinkle of fresh lemon juice.  This dish was not flambed tableside as is customary, but it was quite tasty though very filling.  My wife entree was moussaka - a layered casserole of sliced eggplant, onions, potato and ground beef topped with a bechamel sauce.  It was accompanied by a small cup of Mediterranean vegetables and plain basmati rice.  I ordered fesenjan, a Persian dish - pieces of boneless chicken slowly cooked with crushed walnuts in a tangy semi-sweet pomegranate sauce and served with a large mound of plain basmati rice.  In order to meet the minimum dollar amount required under the terms of our restaurant.com certificate I was forced to consume an order of Athens fries as well.  Overall we were under whelmed by this dining experience.
5	Great Mediterranean place! When I was attending UNLV for my Master's I drove past this Establishment daily. Decided to give it a try--and it was great!  In fact, I have been there multiple times since. I prefer this location to their other location in W. Las Vegas. It is more authentic, in my experience.The highlight of Paymon's is definitely their deserts. Their kataif and baklava are out of this world. I like their salads as well. The atmosphere inside the restaurant is great--I like the dim lit place with Mediterranean paint on walls. The staff is always friendly and although this restaurant is usually packed--the staff remains engaged and not overly stressed.The only draw back--I am not very fond of their Greek dishes here. Some of the hot dishes are not necessarily bad, just bland and average. But, I usually try to go for the usual--baba ghanoush, humus, pita as appetizers and salads as entrees, and am very satisfied.After hours dining happens at the adjacent huka lounge, which has a very ethnic atmosphere without much smoke permeating the air. It is not overcrowded either, unless you come on a Saturday night.I recommend this place for affordable Mediterranean place. Don't forget to try the deserts and the Fatoush salad!P.S. The adjacent Mediterranean market is awesome! I love all the ethnic foods I can pick up there for very affordable prices!
4	Pretty good place for lunch, especially if you're a student or other at UNLV.   A group of us have gone for lunch or dinner a couple of times and everyone always it. I usually get the veggie deal, which is good. Downside is that you have to pay extra for the fries, but they're damn good fries! They have seasoned salt, which gives that extra kick.Like I said, I've gone with groups ranging from four ppl to nine. They are gracious and accommodated us. It's a bit noisy in there, but doable for groups.
5	I can see below who the fake reviewer is. I'll let you guess, but come on, I hate that. There's no need to supply a fake review, this is a Las Vegas favorite with a couple of locations. The only reason I know about this place is because I used to be a local, and I knew it when it was plastic lawn chairs and flourescent lighting. My old las vegas chess buddy turned mathematician turned magician took me here and it was overwhelming. it is now a chic dimly lit casbah of lush, with nice curtains, a hookah bar in the back, gold handcarved heavy frames over original paintings, lush, luxiourious, and....cheap?it's basically the same dirt cheap prices, $12 for an entree, etc. and the waitstaff are friendly and local. I showed them some magic and the entire staff gathered around our table. One of the staff members ran away into the kitchen, he really believes in voodoo, we laughed behind his back. we even went out with the waitress to see a chamber music show at UNLV, that's how friendly friendly gets. Try their bruschetta salad--yum, and I've always liked their Mediterranean standards babaganoosh, etc.Really good fries too.
4	Paymon's is THE Saturday brunch spot for me.  In this restaurant, I feel absolutely comfortable whether I'm going by myself for a bowl of lentil soup and a book, out to dinner with the guy, or with a group of friends.  I love sitting in the indoor courtyard between the dining room and hookah lounge.  I spend a good ten minutes everytime I'm there trying to read the script that lines the walls at the ceiling.  I sit back into my comfy sofa and relax --it's usually much quieter than the dining room.  If I'm with a group, the sampler platter is a staple--excellent hummus, loads of the best pitas I've found in Vegas, great olives, the fries with Greek seasoning, baba ganosh, falafel, stuffed grape leaves, and plenty of tzatziki sauce.  The three dip platter is a great option too.  I seriously recommend the hummus, yogurt cucumber dip, and bouranni...also served with all the delicious, fresh pitas you can handle.  Their lentil soup is to die for.  Their falafel and tahini sauce are addictive.  Guy loves the gyro pita, which is HUGE (like as big as my head huge).  Now they even give the option to have your pita wrapped instead...but how could you say no to those pitas?  Plus, pita means the paper bag, and you should always "Protect yourself, keep it wrapped!"  Sometimes I get the "falamus" pita--falafel, lettuce, tomato, and hummus instead of tahini sauce.  Of course, NOTHING is complete until it's properly doused in their super yummo Racy Red Sauce--their house blend of spices, vinegar, and tabasco.I am terribly sad they closed their market down.  I had just decided to buy a hookah when I went in one day and it was gone.  BUT, no market means expansion which means more tables which means I never have to wait to be seated!Oh yeah, if you really want all your teeth to fall out of your head, you have to try the baklava.  I almost cried.
5	Fantastic.We went with some friends we were visiting in Lake Havasu, and this is a place they used to frequent while in graduate school at UNLV. Katie talked very highly about Paymon's and after eating there I can see why.I had the chicken skewers....to die for.The hummus....to die for.We smoked, we drank, we ate and it was all fantastic.
3	was craving for some hookah after some drinks and a show, got in at about 1130 but they close awfully early for a place on the strip left at about 1, but it was a monday night.. was slightly disappointed about that
4	Absolutely looooove the bruschetta salad!!!!!!!! Its my favorite thing to eat there... Its huge and great!! My husband gets the combination plate, which he loves! The Athens fries are sooo good and its hard to stop eating then once youve started!! For dessert the baklava is sooo good!!!  I love coming here with friends, the husband and groups.. i like sitting in the courtyard between the actual restaurant and the  Hookah lounge. its like your outside but your not!love this place....
4	The Athens fries are amazing and with one of their speciality cocktails... perfection!  The hummus and tzatziki dip are deelish =)Both the restaurant and hookah lounge are well maintained and def. a great hang out spot.Had a bridal shower/ bachelorette party here couple of years ago and all the girls had a blast
4	Paymon's is authentic Middle Eastern the way Carrabba's is authentic Italian - it's not.  But they have good cooks who do a good enough job that it doesn't matter.  I shared the combo platter with three others, and it had all those unique dishes that you come to a place like this for: Tabouli, Baba Ganoush, Hummus, something else I can't spell or pronounce correctly unless I have a cold.My meetup group decided to come here and I enjoyed the chance to check it out.  I've driven by many times but never ate here.  What's with the name?  Is that Lebanese or something?  I'm too tired to really care.  I did not have time to try the hookahs.  I'm not even sure what a hookah is - I always thought it was a glass contraption college kids used to hide the smell of the weed they were smoking.  Or a stage prop from Alice in Wonderland.  I guess I'm not gettin jiggy with it.I saw no strippers while I was eating here.  Minus one star.
2	It's not really authentic. Maybe I'm not ordering the right stuff, it's barely good. If it was dirt cheap$ then I could give it an extra star. The service has always been pretty good and it's a cool spot for a big group. The food is just bland.
4	I'm not a hookah smoker, but this is a good place to grab a bite. I usually hit it up for lunch.
5	I've been going here for years to both the restaurant and hookah lounge. I love both. The service is always excellent and the staff is friendly and fast. I have met lots of great people here as well. My favorites are the pizza, athens fries, and pita and hummus. Their Moroccan tea is to die for but unfortunatley they don't serve it in the hookah lounge anymore, only in the restaurant. Its a nice place to relax with friends.
4	I had a good lunch here today.  The special was a lamb-burger in a pita, with either a Greek salad or the seasoned fries.  I had the burger with the Greek salad, because I only like perfect, plain, salt-and-potato fries.  I don't like "stuff" on my fries.  The iced tea was wonderful--strong, with a mint leaf and a slice of fresh, sweet, juicy orange.  The lamb-burger was perfectly seasoned, with tzatziki (the yogurt stuff) on the side.  The service was excellent.  The only thing that kept me from giving out a fifth star was the cheese on the Greek salad.  I like a robust, strong, tart, salty Feta on a Greek salad.  This was a much milder, blander white cheese of some sort.  It wasn't bad--it just wasn't Feta.
3	party of 4, dinner on a monday nite. two of us had the moussaka, it was good but not great. food could have been hotter in temp. cuz had the curry chicken, other had the pesto pasta. both said they were good but nothing special. athens fries and hummus were good and i do reccomend for a starter. service was average. wait staff was nice but blah. unable to have mojitos because bar had no rum, after they were reccomended by the staff. thought that was strange. overall for us, just ok.
3	I was kind of bummed.  I figured after a great lamb-burger on my previous visit, that the falafel would have to be really good.  They weren't bad, but they didn't live up to my expectations.  They were GREEN inside (from the parsley--NOT mold).  They were kind of pasty and bland.  The iced tea is still outstanding, though..  I'm still not completely deterred--I'll give them another try, because I want to try either the lamb kebabs or the chicken fesenjan.
4	Ive been here twice. The food is great and resonably priced. Good vegetarian selection! The servers are polite and helpful. The menu has a wide variety. The decor is above average but could use some work. What I really enjoyed was the Hooka lounge. I dont smoke but they did such a good job with it. The decor is lovely, the arrangement of tables is very cozy. And the smell is earthy without being that stale smoke you get elsewhere.......so enjoyable for even nonsmokers.
3	Paymon's is just OK. Like most things in Vegas, Paymon's is kind of a parody of something else that exists elsewhere in reality. Also like most things in Vegas, it is too expensive. The spicy fries are good, but I'm still burping them up. Feta is extra.Judy is awesome.
2	service was great but the food lacked that mediterranean spice i wanted.  i ordered curry chicken and didn't like it at all.. way way to much rice and 5 very small pieces of chicken.. over priced and the lack of ppl in the establishment made my party feel like we smelled like a cheep las vegas whore.  if you like paying a lot for crappy food then by all means check this hole in the wall place out...
1	Hookah is terrible.. No hookah maintenance, they bring u the hookah and you never see them again.. If you want some good hookah thats not the place for quality hookah!
4	If I can't remember exactly what I ordered - that means it wasn't too special right? Either way, I know that it was good - we got an appetizer of dips to share and then I had some sort of pita sandwich that was really excellent. Beer selection wasn't half bad. I had a Peroni and someone else was able to order Moroccan beer (who knew?!). The best part was our server - Laura, I think. She was fantastic. And the really faint smells of hookah trickling in from the room next door. Hookah and hummus - what more could you want from life!?
4	so yummy..their greek salad..their lentil soup..taboulli etc..the store located next to it sells the salad dressing..and the red sauce served on the table.back in the day..id  bring my big purse and take the red sauce home with me! shame!!!! not really..Their kabobs are great..take a while so if you know thats what you are ordering then place it early!the dishes are so secretive here (like the greek salad dressing) even paymon's  wife has no clue how to duplicate it..(from her mouth to gods ears)the hookah lounge out back is so fun..great date spot..or place to go with the girls..
3	The Gyro and fries were good.  The price might be a little bit high for some, but that didn't matter too much for me.  However the service was a bit slow.  I caught a cold later that night that I think might have come from here due to retaliation for my brother in law's anger at the waitress for making us wait.I didn't go into the "Hookah" area, since I don't do that stuff, plus my mom, sister, brother in law and niece was with me.  Doing that would tarnish my perfect image.Not the best place to go if you just want to get a meal with your family, but If you want to do other things, maybe this is your thing.
1	I would like to start by saying that I grew up in a mediterranean country and know this cuisine well. Paymon's is one of the worst attempts at mediterranean cuisine. The food tastes bad and their prices are crazy high, considering. Their dishes are usually soaking in oil and take forever to digest as a result. My suggestion, try Khoury's or Alibaba.
1	Given these tough times, you'd expect a lot for a somewhat pricey meal. The whole Italian Mediterranean fusion was a bad idea. I seriously feel that this place will close down in the near future. My brother and I made the mistake of referring to GPS, rather than Yelp. We had lunch on a Friday afternoon. I liked the aesthetics, but SERVICE was POOR. The food reflected the poor service. I ordered the lamb kabobs for $16 not including t/t. The lamb was dry and rough. The dish had an Italian twist, which really took the authentic flavor out of the food. Service was the worst I have encountered in quite some time. There were about three small parties while I ate there, and about 5 servers. WTF were they doing? Certainly not checking to see whether the meal was ok, nor refilling drinks. I had to walk the bill up to a server that gave me attitude.  Also, there was an annoying teen (possibly owner's daughter) running about. Suggestions to the owner- Close shop or offer decent prices (happy hour), take the Italian out of the Mediterranean equation, rehire new staff (David K was our server- nice, but just delivered food), eliminate dishes that are not popular, and offer complimentary Hummus and Pita. Btw, I want my money back!
4	I've been a big fan of Paymons for a long time, but always for lunch.  Just recently I tried their dinner service (served until 1 AM).  We've been looking for a good, unique place to eat after hours - someplace that doesn't serve the usual pub food - and I think we've found it with Paymons.We were seated in the atrium, which was nice because we could enjoy the music from their Hookah Lounge next door without dealing with all of the "riff raff".  Fair warning - it is a club / lounge atmosphere.  We started with hummus and pita bread, at $5.95.  The chicken pesto panini ($9.95) was excellent, and as always the Athens Fries are so good that we get one order per person, because no one wants to share.  The Gyro (around $11.95) was also delicious, though it had (in our opinion) way too many onions.  Service was good, not great.  Our server was attentive, but not proactive.  We asked, she did ... but she didn't think ahead ("oh, they're out of bread.  I'll bring some more").All in all, we were very happy with our choice.  Paymons offers reasonable value for the dollar - not great, not bad.  About what you would expect for what you get.  Especially when you consider how good the food is.
3	My rating is based solely on the gyros, hummus and chicken salad my wife gets. I've been eating at Paymon's for about 5 years now and the prices have gotten too high for what they're offering. The gyros are excellent and my wife loves the salad but having a $40 lunch at a Greek place is just too far out there price wise for meAlong with that I don't understand the need to try to incorporate a bunch of different offerings and making an all in one restaurant out of what was clearly a well defined Mediterranean restaurant. Go back to doing simple, tasty Greek food and leave the Denny's menu alone.As a side note the service I've gotten at the Maryland Parkway restaurant, the original, has always been better than the Summerlin location.
3	Fries with tadziki sauce. What else do you want. I love the fries here and I could eat them all day long. I like the gyros and kabobs because they taste really good. I would have to agree with some of the yelpers that this place is a bit expensive. It is a great break from your typical lunch fare but eat here for lunch everyday and you might just break the bank.
5	BABA GANOSH! a bit smokey flavor BROILED LAMB KABOB! sooo tender GYROS SALAD with feta cheese hit the spot MAMA'S BAKLAVA sinfully delicious A perfect dinner!! And a frozen coconut hookah to top it off!! Priceless!!
4	The waitress did not know the food or what ouzo was or how to serve it. No ambiance. The food was great had Baba Ganosh which we shared and found delightful. The lamb kabob was very tasteful and tender however the rice was dry but acceptable. The special cold soup was great for hot days. All in all great food
4	Call me a  snob Mediterranean connoisseur but I came from the Valley ,so this is not a true Mediterranean restaurant to me. The menu has Italian food on it... minus 1 star. Minus another star for the fact that the gyros come out stone cold and taste like it was made 3 days prior. I add a star back because the atmosphere is enjoyable and it's great for a party of 8++ It's hard to find a place to accommodate so many. The fries are a killer and probably the best dish of the house. I have to give this place some slack because we are in Vegas so I really can't expect much. As for the best Mediterranean restaurants check out my other reviews.
4	Screw all these Vegas strip restaurants!  I was in Vegas and I knew I wanted to go somewhere more local and affordable.  Paymon's definitely delivered.One of my friends that lives in Vegas took me here to for some good Mediterranean food.  It's a casual place, but the food is fantastic and the service is friendly.  I had the koobideh (ground beef) with the rice, which is my favorite dish and it was delish.  The portions are big, just the way I like 'em.  Perfectly seasoned with just the right about of fat/juice ratio.Would definitely come here again next time I'm in town!
2	I can eat mediterranean food everyday of the week, but not here. I have visited both locations a few times, but no more. The food is low quality and always has a funny taste. I ordered the vegetarian combination dish; it was the worst I have ever had. The saganaki was Ok; I prefer ones that aren't breaded. It's a waste of carbs and adds nothing desirable to the dish. My date had the Fettucini alfredo. He said it was fine. He said Macaroni grill had better pasta; It's sad when a budget italian restaurant serves better food.
2	I'd ordered beef kabobs. They were overpriced and didn't live up to the value. The kabobs and veges were so burnt. I felt like I'm eating myself to cancer. I had to stop eating. It was a disappointment since I heard it was a pretty good place and I was excited. The food didn't really have any flavor beside being burnt. Maybe I'd ordered the wrong thing. Maybe I should have ordered a gyro, that might be better. I'm not going to drive so far just to try there other dishes though.
1	Unfortunately, what was once a great restaurant in Las Vegas has now become nothing more than another example of a business that's forgotten who it's serving: their customers!  I was here with my husband to smoke some hookah in their lounge on a Saturday night.  It wasn't busy and that's probably due to the effects of the current economy.  We ordered our hookah and then I ordered a tea which they would not serve to me in the hookah lounge.  However, they serve coffee!  Having lived in the Middle East, I told the server it was tradition to serve tea with Hookah.  After that, I really didn't want anything but was told I had to order something since there was a 1 drink minimum.  People, in this economy, you would think they would make an exception seeing business is down everywhere.  Instead the lounge manager was rude when we asked to speak with him and we promptly walked out and took our business to Stephano's opposite UNLV where we were treated like we were the only customers in the world! Learn a thing or two, Paymons!
5	When ever I'm in town this is one of the place i have to visit! first: the service here is amazing, everyone is super friendly as though they've known you for years.  They have great music playing and everything I have ever ordered has been really good.Last time I ordered the GRILLED SALMON which was cooked to perfection and served with Mediterranean vegetables and Vermicelli Pilaf. (the Pilaf was delicious but the veggies were kinda weird... I would trade it with something else like the tabouli).-remember to ask for the mango chutney - it goes great with the salmon.
4	They have fesenjan and that's hard to find. Athen fries are wonderful here! Hooka lounge is a great evening on the sideline from the strip. Cheers!
4	Athens fries, Frozen Hookah, fantastic shisha, and a full bar. I'll take two please lol. Paymon's 1 of 2 the original is great. First entrance cafe connected to a great resturant side connected to a tucked away provacative hookah lounge. A tri- level of fun.
5	Love this place.  Have been going there for 14 years and always get great food and great service.  We especially like Denise as our waitress.  As soon as we are seated, she brings us our drinks without even having to ask.  She remembers our favorites and gives great suggestions.  A great server!  My favorite is the feta pita!My kids like coming for the pita and hummus and the pizza is pretty good too! Large enough for the 2 to split.
4	Awesome mediterranean food!!! athens fries are yummm!! and the rice pudding definitely a must-have! the chicken kabobs were also pretty good! the helpings are pretty large though.. btw, love the ambience too!
4	Paymon's has great food!  Their greek salad is, of course, great!  Their "Athens Fries" + sauce is AMAZING!!!!  Hummus and pita bread is very good too.  Very greek/mediterranean (just like the sign says) and delicious!  We order over the phone and pick up our order to go- which is a great time saver! (just make sure you call the right one, there are a couple locations)  Very friendly and everything is very fresh!
4	It pains me to give Paymon's three stars, because the food deserves 5-stars. This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants ever, anywhere. The people are great and the food is wonderful to almost every sense... beautiful, aromatic, and not that expensive!They recently added italian food and surprisingly it is very good. Generally, jack of all trades = master of none, but apparently this wasn't far enough a stretch for them. The reason they got 4 stars instead of five is for two reasons... one is that they used to have a fantastic "best in the world" falafel recipe. It was the best in any city I've visited. Unfortunately, they CHANGED IT. The falafel is now bland and pseudo-tasteless. You eat it for the sake of eating it and not for the sensory experience it was before.Second, they have some ridiculous policies... for example, they do not accept take out orders after 8:00pm even though they are open until 1am. I assume this is because they are trying to mitigate "friendly fraud" ordering, but if you're a regular customer and you're willing to hand over your credit card, THIS SHOULD NOT HAPPEN.Third, one night I called and asked what time they closed. They said they were open until 1am. I drove 1/2 way across town to get there only to have some newbie tell me that they don't accept orders after 12:15... (would have been excellent information before I drove over!)Anyway, with the exception of the falafel they have now, it is a delight! Still one of my favorite places. I only wish I could give it 5 stars.UPDATE 2.19.2010: I continue to dine here and the food continues to be excellent. Had a wonderful amazing server the other night. I wish I had gotten her name because she deserves mention here. This makes up for this older blonde lady server who works nights and is unattentive and rude to the point you want to punch her in the face. The falafel is still severely lacking compared to the fantastic recipe they used to have. I was wrong before when I said it was now pseudo-tasteless, because it is not pseudo, it is full-on tasteless (LOL). Also, I should mention that their hummus and kabobs are excellent.
4	Very good reasonably priced food, solid service - a great choice for a reasonably priced and quality mediterranean lunch or dinner.Prefer to sit in the main dining room off the entry to the north vs. the annex to the west, but both are ok.Gyros (sandwich or platter), chicken curry (spicy), falafel, hummus, seasoned fries and other items are all solid choices,  Very good quality.Excellent service for a neighborhood restaurant - have been coming here for years and many of the wait staff have been here for years, and they have great attitudes.Hookah lounge next door is fun too - if you are into cocktails and hookahs.Worth noting that owner, Paymon, is a solid citizen, supporting efforts to enliven Maryland Parkway and an apparent supporter of UNLV next door.Highly recommended for good quality, reasonably priced neighborhood dining.
4	Consistently good food! I eat here at least once a month.The Baba Ganouj is some of the best I've had, with a dark, smokey taste. Served with fresh, hot bread...yummmmmm.The Spanikopita is beautifully spiced - a must for any fan of the dish.The Chicken Fesenjan is hit-or-miss, (depending on the chef,  perhaps?) Spectacular when it hits; only okay when it misses. My friends, who are into this kinda thing, love the Baked Kibbe.The salads are always fresh and plentiful, and the Athens Fries are a treat.For bevvies, I like the passion ffruit iced tea to start, and the Lychee Martini to finish up.
4	Solidly good Mediterranean food!  I had a bowl of lentil soup and my companion had a salad.  Both were plentiful and good.  The service was attentive and friendly at lunch time.I look forward to going back the next time I'm in town.
4	I go to here whenever I am in town; the food is excellent and the prices are reasonable.I recommend the Athens fires or the Pasta all you can eat special. Both will fill you up.Friends say that their salads are good and this is one of those places where you can hang out until all hours. Many is the time I've noticed that I've been chatting with my friends until the wee hours of the morning.Nice ambience and great food.
4	Puff, puff pass, people.  Puff, puff, PASS.This review is just for the hookah lounge.  (I love the food next door, but I don't think I'm qualified to critique it).1 star for the triple apple.Another for the ICED hookah.  That was a first for me.Another for the great hostess who explained to us how the sealed bowl worked (and extended the life of our lovely triple apple).Finally, a star for the Persian? Lebanese? art on the walls...great to gaze at during lulls in the conversation.I can't give them a fifth star because EVERY time I'm there, they are playing crappy music way too loud for the intimate, exotic venue.  90's R&B is a triple apple buzzkill.  How about some goa trance?
5	Always an amazing experience! I eat here every couple of weeks. I can't say I have had a bad dish...I particularly love the fesenjan and the gyro platter though. I tried the combination plate recently because I couldn't decide on an entree, and it was great! You get a little bit of everything. Their food is reasonably priced and authentic, but they also have a variety of food for people who are not into mediterranean cuisine.
5	I went to this location a few days ago, and was pleasantly surprised. I've been to a few hookah places before, and it can be dirty, overpriced, hokey, or just off. The decor inside is warm and welcoming. It has beautiful gold Moroccan style lamps overhead and an eclectic mix of furniture and stools next to the booths. It reminded me of  place i'd see in NYC, kind of boho-chic-eclectic. It was dark and welcoming. My friend ordered the iced hookah and I believe we had the jasmine-mint. The waitress was attentive and came around with the different flavors in these little intricate silver boxes, and the hookah was awesome. We came during happy hour, so it was cheaper and oh so relaxing. I'd recommend it if you just want to relax and let go and simmer down from the day.  Definitely something unexpected, but very pleasant.
4	We used to live in Vegas, and The Med was one of our favorite places to go smoke a hookah with friends for an evening out. It hasn't changed from what I remember, the food is consistently good and authentic.  I think we paid nearly $40 for lunch which seems a bit much for lunch for only two people.
4	Great hummas and spicey fries and a wonderful hookah lounge that transports you to an exotic land far far away.   This was my first experience with hookah-ing and everything was delightful. The atmosphere is very cool, sexy, and relaxing. Service was friendly and fast.  A new happy hour favorite of mine, as everything in the lounge is 1/2 price then.
3	Awesome tabouleh with smoked salmon- definitely their best- The place is O-K... nice sexy little hookah lounge and a bit better than average food, the tahini and tziki sauces are delish- good for lunch, i probably wouldn't have dinner here again.
2	Ok but nothing special. Ambience was like Applebee's. Food was bland.
4	I like this location way better than the one on Sahara....the food seems to be better on Maryland. I also like the feel of the hookah lounge better as well, it's more cozy and intimate feeling. Definitely in love with the frozen hookah...yum. Blackberry....yum.
4	This place is delicious, try the Kabob plater OMGGG AMAZING, especially the Lamb. downfall- the greek salad, is not a greek at all, they need to work on this, last time I checked Greeks don't use lettuce and mozzarella cheese on their salad. Where is the feta?
5	This is one of Las Vegas's most excellent places to eat. They have healthy, reasonably priced dishes. Not only is it Mediterranean food but they offer Italian and curry dishes as well. The service is also awesome - they always welcome me with a smile and treat me like a VIP. :) If you haven't been to either of their 2 locations, you must try it. My usual: the humus with pesto to start and then the Gyro or Bruschetta salad (oh! and the lentil soup is great for when it gets cold out). YUMMY!
3	I had not been to Paymon's in over a year when I overdosed on Mediterranean food. On Wednesday I had a work meeting here, and I was a little worried because I still cannot stomach Mediterranean food. I really wish I could because I really enjoyed it, and my wife loves it. Anyway, on to the food. Right now they are running an AYCE make your own pasta dish for $8.95. Now that is a sweet deal! I wasn't paying for my lunch, but I also didn't want to break the bank. I had the bow tie with garlic butter, and couldn't finish the entire portion (yes, I am weak, but hey it was a work meeting). The noodles were cooked well, and the sauce was good. There were a few veggies in the pasta, but really only for texture. The veggies were amazing, and I wish there had been more of them. I am only giving Paymon's the 3 stars because I didn't eat anything that is difficult to make or out of the ordinary. I will say that our service was INCREDIBLE and the place was hopping because it was lunch time. Service here as always been good, but this guy was better than good. I'd probably go back for the AYCE pasta, and now maybe I can take my wife on a date there because I can have something inexpensive while she indulges on her favorites :-).
4	This is another one of my neighborhood restaurants. Their portions are generous, enough to share if you are just looking for a quick bite. My friend and I used to go here at share a platter of Grilled Chicken Kebob. We would ask the waitress to substitute the rice for baba ganoush and hummus, and add some tomatoes and cucumbers instead of the pita bread. Perfect amount of food to fill you up during your lunch break if you are at school. They have a large tea selection, which all kinds of fresh tea. They carry an assortment of black, green, and herbal teas and coffee. They have delicious desert. I have tried the chocolate cake which is so rich but sooo good. It is ordered from the cheesecake factory. They also have baklava.I have tried their fried cheese appetizers which are very good.This place also has a hookah lounge but the lounge is separated from the main dining area by another courtyard dining area. Great place to come for coffee and desert! I have always been happy with the service here and recommend this place to all my friends.I haven't tried everything on their menu, but
4	Cruised on over to Paymon's for lunch after coming from the tattoo parlor.  I'm not a particular fan of Mediterranean food but I was looking to grub on something out of my ordinary so off we went to Paymon's.  There are so many good options here for both the carnivores and the herbivores out there so I was actually pretty overwhelmed with all the choices to choose from.  I've had the spanakopita (?) and the falafel pita sandwich here before and they were pretty good actually.  I almost caved in and chose the falafel but I noticed that they still have the AYCE pasta going for $8.95 so I went with that instead.  So much for going out of the box right?  They have a good selections of noodle types and pasta sauces so I had myself a few bowls and left happy.ALSO make sure to grub on some appetizers if you're extra hungry.  The athens fries and the spinach-shrimp dip are killer!  They serve their fries with a sweet mustardy spiced dip (not sure what's in it but it makes good lunch convo to try and speculate) and pita bread with their spinach dip, which is a nice touch instead of the usual chip and dip monotany.  Overall a pretty good place to come and relax and have a nice lunch.
3	I'm amazed I haven't reviewed this place yet since I go here so often, strange. Anywho, I'm knocking it down a couple of stars because of the last time Matt & I dined here. Got seated quickly inside, and made our orders after getting our drinks. I got the bowl of lentil soup sans cheese and a falafel pita with hummus and fries. Matt got the unlimited pasta bowl, and his first round was bowtie pesto. Service was alright although our waitress was a total ninja and disappeared a lot so if we actually did need things it would have been very difficult to find her. My food was very good, although I think that the soup is a bit overpriced but still very yummy. I'm not a fan of their hummus at all but when it's wrapped inside the pita it's good, and the fries are always bits of pure heaven. Matt however, wasn't a fan of his pasta and had half of the big bowl left. He still wanted a second bowl of something different, and asked if I could take the rest of the pesto home as leftovers since he didn't like it. The waitress said due to policy they can't box up the first round of pasta. Okay, I would understand if Matt didn't completely finish his second bowl and kept asking for to-go boxes, but come on. I can't believe that they just wasted all of that food that I would have gladly ate for lunch the next day. They need to change the policy that you can only take home one portion or something. That policy just totally puts me off from coming back as soon as I usually do. Overall the experience was alright but wasting that food is upsetting. I guess from now on we won't be so adventurous with our first bowl. The food is always good usually though and the service is alright (although I can tell you a funny story about a waitress who kept blindly spilling water on my friend throughout the night - too hilarious) but I don't think I'll be back for awhile.
5	My 2nd visit to Paymon's was even better than the first, thus the coveted 5th star has been added.It was a late night visit and I needed a pick me up, so I ordered the Turkish coffee ... Thick, strong, and a fabulous energizer. Turkish coffee kicks Red Bull's perky little ass!  Service was friendly, attentive and prompt. For the hookah, we really enjoyed the blueberry blend this time around. We ordered their awesome fries again (man, that dip is goooood) and they rocked as hard as ever.Check it out for the very cool atmosphere, super service, yummy nom noms, and the killer Turkish coffee that will keep you boppin' til dawn.
4	The BF and I visited the hookah lounge here during happy hour, and the prices are spot on! Drinks and food are half off, I'd recommend the Pear-sian Drop martini ($4), the Pesto Pita Pizza ($3.50) and the Athens Fries ($4?)We were immediately greeted by friendly and helpful staff, and presented with a tray full of hookah flavors to smell. Pretty simple and awesome concept, considering flavor choices at other hookah places can be hit or miss. It was $7.50 for a hookah, but we opted for the $10 "frozen" hookah, containing a gel much like the stuff found in those frozen cups that keep your beer cold. The atmosphere is lush and exotic feeling, and they played great classic rock. I'm tired of euro-trash house music and trance, people! The hookah smoke was perfect and taste was great, but THEY DON'T REFILL COALS DURING HAPPY HOUR! WTF! What a waste of a good bowl. It had a good 30-40 minutes left in it!I knew the price was too good to be true. That's my only gripe about the place. I'd rather pay $10-15 for a place that has coal service. Paymon, goddamn it, change your coal service policy and I'll consider giving you 5 stars!
4	Go during happy hour.  Prices are very reasonable. Portions are also very large. I recommend sharing dishes so everyone can taste a variety of foods.
5	Always great! The combo Plate has everything you need!the falafel is the best ive had in vegas! Cant say much more never had hooka there but ate and ate yummy food.
4	Went here today with my boss for lunch. We came before the lunch rush and we had an awesome waitress. We had three appetizers, hummus and pita, dolmas, and greek yogurt w/ cucumber.The dolmas I had never tried before today, but the were good. The hummus was so yummy and my waitress was sweet and kept refilling my pita plate and even brought me some to take home since I couldn't finish the large hummus.The iced tea was really good to and came with mint leaves and an orange slice which was a nice touch! I plan on going back soon, but 11:30 seems to be the key, as at noon it was hectic!
5	Everytime I've left Paymon's I'm full, happy, and have lots of leftovers. The menu is very large as are the portions. Impressive tea list. My BF and I usually split the gyro salad and the chicken cabob plate. Both are excellent and huge. Great 25% off for locals special Wednesdays. Took my family from out of town here last week- everyone loved it, even my sister's vegan boyfriend. Poked my head in the hookay lounge/bar area- very cute..  Highly recommend.
4	I met a few friends here for happy hour in the Hookah Lounge.  On Tuesdays, it's happy hour for locals from 5 p.m. - 1 a.m.  I got there at 5:30 and left by 7:30 because that is how I roll.  My soul is older than I appear.   On to the important stuff!  This was my first time, so I got a little confused by the sign near the door I came in and ended up at the hostess stand.  She was kind enough to walk me over to the Hookah Lounge.  Very friendly and not bothered at all my general lack of direction.  I had two very delicious mojitos.  Our server was apparently doubling as a bartender as well, because I saw her behind the bar.  There were several servers who stopped by to check on us and service was freaking fabulous.  Even better, we were that group with a crap ton of credit cards, and our server took care of it without any issues.  I tried the Athens fries and Calamari.  I had the fries at Bite of Las Vegas which is why I wanted to come here in the first place.  It was NOT just the beer talking at Bite of LV.  These fries are good! Calamari was okay.  I had a bite of my friend's hummus and found it to be pretty bland and a little runny for my taste.  Overall, I loved the vibe of this place.  Will definitely come back!
3	Paymon's. I've been here enough to write this review with no compunctions or second guessing. Starting with the restaurant.. The food is all pretty decent, but none of it seems to be particularly well-executed. And then the bill comes. Now, it's not like this place is super-expensive or anything like that. But it's not cheap, and in the end, I'm never happy with what I've paid for.Now, the hookah lounge is a bit of a different story. It's marginally comfortable (at best), the service is usually super-friendly, and the hookahs vary wildly in quality. Hookahs only last an hour, and that's if you're lucky, since they don't replace coals. And the cost is about $15. Most other establishments will get you about 2x as much smoking time for the same money. The big redemption is daily happy-hour. 5-7pm, including weekends, gets you half-priced hookahs and a bunch of appetizer and drink specials too.  At half-price, everything is instantly reasonable and worthwhile. Drinks, appetizers, hookahs, etc. Also, while it's not a very comfortable place to lounge and smoke, the decor and atmosphere is usually pretty decent.I rarely come here to eat anymore, and hardly ever show up outside of happy hour. Everything, from the decor to the food, is just "pretty good," which to me is not enough for what they charge. But happy hour in the hookah lounge definitely makes the place worthwhile. PRO-TIP: No hats allowed in the hookah lounge. Take yours off first so you won't look like an idiot.
1	I had been to the one on Sahara and was craving the Athena fries which are the BOMB!! But the service I had from our waiter, David, warranted this negative review.  A business partner and I went in to have a leisurely dinner. However our server didn't engage us to find out what we wanted. It appeared right off the bat that he was more interested in turning over a table than providing good customer service. I assert this because David's demeanor and body language was very condescending; every time we said we needed a few minutes he would come back and be a bit more insistent about us ordering. For as much as I like to be attended to, I believe that when you see people talking and they haven't touched their menus-- use good judgement and be observant. When we did select our appetizer, we decided another looked really good and switched it while he was still at the table. Though he confirmed he heard us, he still brought out both appetizers and when we mentioned the mistake he had a slightly sarcastic attitude while removing the one from the table. Next was the dinner order: I personally had a couple of questions regarding the chicken parmasean. I requested to have a slice of eggplant added as its my favorite. Before I could get the question out of my mouth he was telling me "no". He didn't even go and ask the chef. Despite the disappointment on my face he didn't even offer an alternative. The conditions of the restaruant were moderate at best-- in terms of the number of tables present--in other words, they were not that busy. The Chicken Marsala I had ordered wasn't the best tasting version as the chicken was a bit over done and th ratatouille that was described was not delivered. There was only diced red/green bellpepper. With the attitude problems of my server I didnt want to go through the back and forth, rather I was just ready to go home. Though I really like Paymon's, I would not sit with that server nor would I visit that location again. BEWARE: If you are ever there make sure you dont sit in his section and no Chicken Marsala.
5	Went to this place for the first time last week and loved it.  It's located in the little strip mall on the corner of Maryland and Flamingo.  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but there was a party going on inside!  And since it was a Tuesday we got 50% off everything even though it was like 10 pm.  We hung in the hookah lounge the whole time which was packed.  There was the usual odd mixture of trendy Vegas locals, but mostly a crowd of 20 and early 30 somethings.  A few tattoed pinup girls were nice eye candy.  The music was loud, but conversation was still possible with some effort.
3	It's colorful to see jewel-like hues walking into the Restaurant. Colors of turqouise blue amidst magenta and purplish color tones of the upholstered chairs, the curtains and the painted walls. Rather cheerful. But our hostess led me and my Mom to another room where it had low-lighting. Mom commented it to be a little dark for her liking. Tables were adorned with electric candlelight. A flowing fountain decorated with cherubs  was in the center next to the exit door. Tables and padded chairs were set up around the room, as well as a few green plants. Hard to tell if they were real live plants or faux. A cozy atmosphere. A painted wall lends an air of romantic mystique. Whenever dining in a Meditterranean restaurant like this which serves Persian and Mediterranean cuisine, an order of hot mint tea is my favorite beverage to go along with such cuisine.  Especially that vegetarian food is healthy and favored, for starters the "Stuffed Grape Leaves" was delightfully juicy. It's a great vegetarian dish, a version of Greek Dolmas. It's listed on their menu as an Appetizer. Rice and herbs were wrapped in soft grape leaves and served with tzatziki sauce that complements it well. We had the pleasure to dine on the not so obscure "Chicken and Beef Kabobs" which was served with rice, and vegetables. The "Athens Fries" were delicious in its seasoned rendering which is served with a dipping sauce. Time went by before our meal was served.  The male waitstaff was attentive, friendly and patient.Adjacent to the room we dined in had a few patrons entering and leaving the "Hookah Lounge" room.  It is where "shisha" or flavored tobacco from a common nargile (or hookah water pipe) is shared by patrons on a table. We did not enter nor try a "hookah". Although it is unlike nicotine smoking, it is one habit I prefer to not even desire to try. From the time we arrived to the time we left, there were a constant set of diners arriving and leaving the restaurant.
1	This applies to the Hookah lounge only as the meal and service we had in the restaurant was great.They have posted on the door their "dress code" which seemed a bit silly as this is a pretty informal place. It is the basic stuff, no shorts, sandals, tank tops, hats, etc. Well two of our group had hats on and we were told immediately we had to remove them, no problem.Upon sitting us down and taking our order we noticed not one but two people wearing baseball hats similar to ours. When we asked why we were told because they are girls and the rule is for guys only. After a quick trip to the bathroom I noticed that in fact the sign says only "no hats" So being a bit of a jerk I asked again why the double standard. I was told the rule is for guys and if we don't like it we can leave. I asked to speak with a manager and they sent over this lovely british or aussie lady that was unnecessarily rude stating that they have had gang problems so no hats for guys. Apparently there are no hookah loving female gang members...When I pointed out that her sign didn't say only guys can't wear hats she became irate and asked the two hat wearing non-gang member ladies to remove their hats. She then returned and said "there, now no one is wearing a hat, are you happy?" I told her I would have been happier if she acted in a professional manner and not like a child. Our actual waitress tried her best but the experience was ruined and we will not be back.I wouldn't expect people to stop going here based on my experience over the silly hat rule, however you may want to skip the hookah bar with an admitted gang problem, something tells me their sexist no hat policy won't keep them out lol.
4	This place is becoming more and more of a ritual for my bf and I.  Perhaps because his friend who lives in Vegas loves it soooo much, and will not, will not step on the strip. LOL  If you're in the mood of a good low key night with close friends and good snacks with some hookah this is the place for you.  It's intimate, friendly, and so sexy and don't forget their hookah and the many flavor available is to die for!
4	I've been here several times. Service is good. I enjoy eating near the water fountain area because I feel the tables are too close together in the dining area where it's hard to hold your own conversation because you hear everyone elses. Try sitting near the wall.  Let's move on to food... using a 5-point rating:3/5 Shrimp artichoke dip with pitas. Pita had mold on it so look carefully. But the dip is flavorful.4/5 Chicken pita.  They have been inconsistant with the chicken portion and sometimes it comes out dry.  But the overall flavor is good and it's a good size...sometimes.5/5 Athen's Fries are great (seasoned with paprika, garlic and italian seasoning). It comes with with "fat" sauce, which the main ingredients are mayo, ketchup, paprika, italian seasoning, garlic powder etc.5/5 Baklava was good but a bit on the small size. 4/5 Hummus was a nice consistancy and flavor, again, watch out for moldy pita bread. Tip: Wednesdays are packed because you get a 25% off your bill.
5	Great Ambiance, went strictly for the Hooka and the booze. Comfortable lounge and eclectic music. Waiters and waitresses were very friendly and knowledgeable. Great for small groups.
4	I would give this place five stars in the day and evening up until they close the dining room. I would give my last experience a 2. I love to eat in the courtyard, but I had an awful experience with the late shift. I will let it rest with a simple statement about the inattentive and down right neglectful server. The food is also better during the shifts I listed because you get the full menu instead of the late hour one which is limited. The biggest difference is that you cannot get rice with your entrees and they substitute it with hummus. Their hummus is not bad, but it is better if you ask for pesto to be put on it.My group does not come here as often as we used to, with the exception of one, who makes it a ritual every week. Still, if you ask anyone what is a staple for every visit they will scream, "CRACK FRIES!". Listed as Athen's fries, but we call them crack fries, because the seasoning is as addictive as the drug. Not only do they generously coat it in this stuff, but they mix it into their mayo dipping sauce, and then place a bottle at your table. Watch out because you might overdo it on the sodium, if you are not careful. Another dish that is worth trying is the tandoori chicken. It is cooked perfectly, although the seasoning is lacking. If you pair it up with the mango chutney, it is delightful. I personally prefer the lamb kebabs, they are juicy, and perfect, when cooked to a medium rare. I still ask for a side of mango chutney, but that is not due to a lack of flavor. It is just my obsession with mango anything.
4	Why is it that every visit ends up with me having to piss like a race horse?Oh, I remember, it's the iced tea.  I drink gallons of it!  And when it's time to leave, I get a fresh to-go cup.  I have been coming here for years (16 to be exact) and my bladder never fails to get maxed out.  Paymon's is one of the few places I can think of that still brews this brand of passion fruit flavored iced tea.But the pee tea isn't the only reason I come here.  It's also the Athen's fries.  Yup.  I eat fries at a Mediterranean restaurant.  But these ain't your run of the mill fries.  They have a crazy tasty seasoning and a dipping sauce I could pour over everything.  I have tried a lot of the menu items with some hits and misses.  However, I always fall back on my reliable favorites: gyros salad, lebni, hummus and baba ganosh.  And I used to love stealing some of the buttered noodles from the kids...until they stopped leaving leftovers.  Besides the food (and tea), they open up the hookah lounge at night and are open till late.  I've only been to the lounge about three times, but it's a decent spot.  Reasonably priced drinks along with access to the entire menu can make for a looooong night.  The only downside IMHO is that they use a cheaper hookah tobacco that doesn't last as long, burn as evenly and isn't as strong as the higher-end stuff (Starbuzz, anyone?).  An apple bowl would be a nice option, but they don't even offer it.  And they could be more attentive to the coals, though I guess that's irrelevant since the tobacco doesn't last very long anyway.  Regardless, like I said, it's decent.  And I don't come for the hookah.  I come for the tea.  And I run for the urinal.
4	Went the other day with my cousin and had pretty good service. I love eating in the indoor courtyard area because there's no music playing..all you hear is the fountain and the lighting is so crazy soothing as you eat and chat. I had the chicken curry but it wasn't as spicy as I wanted. And when you order tea with friends just get one pot! Once my friend and I both ordered tea and we each had to finish a whole pot because its like $5.
2	Every chicken, lamb or beef dish I've ordered has always been cooked within an inch of its life. To add insult to injury, the pita bread was stale. Last night's chicken kabob meal took far too many chews to swallow.  Also, their hummus is so flavorless and uninteresting I can't help but wonder if it was made out of a powder mix.However, I keep going back because of the Athens fries and the pilaf that comes with the grilled salmon.
2	Honestly, not a big fan of Paymon's.I've never had a single dish here wow me (usually overcooked) and I think it's overpriced for what you get. The atmosphere is nice and they do have a nice hookah lounge that I find to be it's only saving grace. Not a place I recommend or even enjoy going to for a meal, but if you're there it does the trick, just not outstandingly. Overall, go for hookah, go elsewhere for food.
4	Very good. You've just got to give it a try. Both locations have really tasty food, but I like the "outdoor" area at the location on maryland best. Great salads, yummy fries, feta is great and best of all its within easy driving distance!
5	This place is so good. We have been going for years and have never been disappointed. The service is always good and the portions generous. I love the dinner entrees, and we are all working our way through the menu. Recommended to all.
3	Had the lamb skewer and what seemed like a Kilimanjaro sized portion of rice.  Both were okay, but nothing exciting.  Their appetizer fries were good though.
3	I love Paymon's for takeout at lunch! They are super-quick with the orders (at least for a one-person order), and the woman who handles these orders is so friendly and nice.  My food is usually waiting for me by the time I get there (my office is only like a mile away!)What I don't like: the prices are a bit high for the portion size and quality.  At almost $10 for a sandwich, I should be delighted and/or stuffed afterward.  Also I hate that their Athens fries are ridiculously delicious, forcing me to either order them and eat them all (when I'm trying to eat responsibly) or not order them and want to cry.  They add some magical addictive spice to these perfectly cooked crispy potatoes that makes me love them and, probably like Joan Jett would feel if she were on a diet, hate myself for loving them.  My go-to orders are the falamus (falafel and hummus) wrap and the fattosh salad.  Sometimes I'll get the baba ghannoush, I'm a fan of that as well.  Limited vegan options, but decent (not great) enough.Good happy hour in the hookah lounge, with half off drinks and apps! Downside: other than takeout, service is usually SO SLOW, and lunch takes 1.5 hrs if you eat in with more than one or two people.
4	Although I prefer, the location on the west side, I also like this Paymon's because it has indoor patio seating.  Overall, I enjoy Paymons.  I feel like the quality and price of the food match up.  I have tried most of the veggie appetizers.  They have good baba ghanosh, good hummus and tasty falfels.  My favorite entrees are the veggie platter (which comes with there seasoned fries!) and the veggie kabobs.  The veggie kabobs comes with hummus and rice, so you might want to skip an appetizer, if you don't want to eat to much.  I love the tea selection here, because it's all loose leaf, and they have a huge selection.  My personal fav is the oolong, although my friend always gets the cold comfort.I recommend!
4	i remember coming and eating here all the time when i used to work off of howard hughes and trop...best fries on the planet.o and their gyros, mediterranean salads, and kababs are pretty darn awesome too. =)
5	The best middle eastern food I've tried in Vegas!
3	Restaurant:Ordered the all you can eat pasta with pesto and mushroom sauce which tasted ok but was swimming in sauce. Portion was big so there was no need for ordering seconds.Thought for sure I can't go wrong with steak kabobs. But it just tasted like low quality meat which they didn't even bother to negate with flavor as it was pretty bland. And since when does pita and hummus not come with a damn kabob?? As unauthentic as it may be, I would prefer Daphne's.Hookah Lounge:This place is great for Happy Hour! Ambiance is nice, staff is friendly and pretty attentive, and you can't go wrong with cheap appetizers and drinks.
5	You a local?  You visiting for more than just the weekend?I got a place for you!!Paymons is a great hangout place if you're a hookah lover or not.  The flavor selection is great, you can blend your own and come up with something new every time.I don't care if you just ate, eat some more!!The Athens fries are a favorite, but you gotta try their pesto pizza, I recommend pepperoni, mushrooms, and pepperoncinis.  There's just something magical about that combination.  Hookah wings, hummus, and the calamari are all winners as well.I assure you, you haven't see service until you've meet the crew here.  Stephanie behind the bar and Monica serving is a dynamite combination.  They're your servers and your best friends.  You throw in good music (and I really mean good) and you have an awesome atmosphere you can easily spend a couple of hours in.  One last thing...TUESDAYS!!  They have an all night happy hour!
4	Great food. I enjoyed the lamb and chicken the most. Try something new there I think the experimenting with new flavors will be very rewarding
5	Sometimes a place rocks simply because you had a great time there. Paymon's is such a place. I've been to the other location a few times, but this was my first time here. It's probably not the best Mediterranean restaurant in Vegas. But somehow, everything I've had has just been extremely satisfying.On this visit, I shared a few dishes with a friend. We had their Baba Ghanoush, a bowl of Cold Cucumber Soup, and a plate of their Chicken Curry. I've been thinking of cold soups lately. Cucumber Soup isn't quite what I had in mind - I was thinking something more along the lines of Vichyssoise - but it was pretty enjoyable and I couldn't stop eating it for some reason. The Baba Ghanoush was excellent. Not that I'm an expert. I didn't even realize it was made of eggplant at first. And then there's the curry. I'm a sucker for good, heart-warming curry. That's probably a strange way to describe curry, but theirs just has a "comfort food" effect on me. It's probably nothing special as far as curries go, but I love it nonetheless. And as always, I washed my food down with their delicious Passion Fruit Iced Tea.Overall, I'd have to say that good food, nice ambience, and great company combined to make this a five-star experience.p.s. Customer Appreciation Night on Wednesdays 5-9pm - 25% off your entire bill! I appreciate being appreciated.
5	5 stars, for their variety. ive been trying something different as much as  i can. chicken kabobs are bomb. the dolmas is bomb(prolly my favorite) the different pasta dishes and casseroles !! and then the fires are super bomb too.
4	Generally I value opinion that of my salty friend Linda F.  But in the case of Paymon's I have to thoroughly disagree and put her on blast for her one time skewed sensibility and taste.  I don't understand why you would present an unfavorable rating to an establishment you admittedly will return to.Paymon's on Maryland is easily one of my favorite places to eat her in LV.  It has a courtyard with great atmosphere, wonderful food and what I deem very reasonable prices.  I never liked hummus until I tried it at Paymon's and it is now a staple item when ever I visit.The chicken curry was a food-gasm to me from the very first bite.  The pita was definitely NOT stale, and from what I have tasted of my children's and wife's food, the Italian was admirable.My one issue with Paymon's is that on a few occasions, the service wasn't consistently attentive.  Many times we have had exemplary service from the wait staff.  On more than a couple instances however, we were made to wait longer than I would prefer for refills, the check or appetizers.  The few blemishes on otherwise phenomenal service are the only things keeping me from posting a perfect 5 stars.Ultimately, I am indeed a fan and absolutely think that Paymon's deserves a glance for an excellent off the strip dining experience.
5	I'll start out by saying, this is perhaps one of my favorite places to eat in all of Las Vegas, and is definitely the best sit-down dining near UNLV. I have always had a wonderful experience whenever I have sat down to eat. The service is friendly, attentive, and fast. I have been both for lunch and dinner and have used their to-go services, and all of them are great. There is indoor, outdoor (with misters), and courtyard seating and all of them are very comfortable and have a wonderful ambience. They have an excellent selection of foods ranging from salads, to Greek favorites like moussaka, spanakopita, and gyros, to all-you-can-eat pastas. There is something for almost everyone here,  BUT the true "staple" of this restaurant in particular are what most of my friends and I have dubbed "CRACK" fries (or Athen's Fries as their menu calls them). They are the most addictive food I have ever had, namely because of a delicious seasoning they smother them in. The sauce added to go with makes it a perfect storm of addictive, delicious, and bad for you.I have tried several different foods from their menu over the time I have been eating here, and I have never disliked anything on the menu. There are some meals that are obviously better than others, but I can genuinely say that I have not had a bad meal at this restaurant. But, I have fallen into a pattern now, and I get the gyro pita sandwich, wrap, with a side of fries. In the colder months, I love to get a hot tea to go with the sandwich, and they have a great variety in their selection of teas. I recommend the mango ceylon, and any of the green teas. It is nice to have a place that has done so well for itself, has great food, great service, and is local to Las Vegas!
5	Both the food and the hookah are great!   It's central and located close to UNLV- it's a great place for everyone to meet if you all live on different ends of town. The atmosphere is quite stunning, I just love the inside of the hookah lounge.   I have eaten many items on the menu over the past few years.  The greek salad and kabobs are great.  The hummus is to die for and even more of an interesting twist is to try the hummus with pesto.  YUM!  The athens fries are so good- I could eat three servings to myself.  The pita pizzas with pesto sauce are fabulous.  They also have an excellent tropical tasting iced tea blend (I am not a big iced tea fan and even I love this stuff)  Cherry, vanilla, mint is my favorite hookah combo.  Paymon's  is a must try!  You will not be disappointed!
4	My favorite item on the Paymon's menu is their Shrimp, Artichoke and Spinach dip. It is AMAZING! That is definitely what keeps me going back for more. I even got several of my friends hooked on it!Generally, I just order the dip as my meal but have also ventured onto their entree menu. I've tried their Broiled Kabob Trio, Chicken Parmesan and Chicken Pita sandwich. All entrees were pretty good. The meat is always pretty tender and seasoned well. Still not as delicious as the dip, though. Their Athen's fries and dipping sauce are quite tasty as well! Decent Hummus and Pesto Hummus. Their Saganaki was good, but sadly the serving was pretty small for a cheese lover such as myself. Extra points for the sizzling skillet it's served on though!Service has always been great at Paymon's. As long as they keep that up and my delicious dip is available, I will be a loyal patron.
4	I tend to go here for lunch with my co workers pretty often and i think they have some great food.  The athens fries are delicious!! Love this stuf.  But some have tried and called them to salty which i can understand.  to each their own. ( and more orgasmic fries for me)  Usually when i go i get the indian curry cause i'm an addict for spicy food. and man is it good but stupidly filling.  I walk out in a firy ball of food coma everytime i eat it.
5	We love this place. Staff is attentive, the iced tea is wonderful and the food is exceptional. Go here and eat.
4	I was invited by another friend to enjoy the 5pm to close happy hour on Tuesday nights. Of course I am saying yes to that! He goes pretty much every week and raves about it. We got there early to assure we had a corner table and ordered some drinks and food. My friends order the kabob that had chicken, lamb and beef. Supposedly it was so good that a second round had to be ordered! I read on here about the fries to that's what I ordered and WOW those are yummy. I did take some bites of the kabob plate and the meat was tender and flavorful. The waitresses know my friend since he comes all the time so they were good to us. We never had to flag them down to get drinks and they were over to the table ready to get a drink for any new person that happened to join us. With the great atmosphere, people, food and drinks, it was one of the best nights I have had in a long time. I will definitely have to come back on Tuesday's for happy hour and to try out some more of the food options.
4	I've been a fair number of times for lunch with work colleagues and service has always been good.  Today's service was on the slow side -- maybe the back to school business lunch people surprised the staff?  Anyhow, I ordered a cup of the lentil soup -- wonderful! -- and a side of the Athens fries (French fries with "Greek" seasoning).  Fries = comfort food to me and are pretty hard to mess up, so of course I inhaled them.  I like the casual atmosphere, the large number of vegetarian options, and relatively inexpensive prices.  Perhaps not the most "authentic" place to get Mediterranean food, but it's cheap-ish and reliable and generous with the portions.
4	So I haven't had good luck with their food but yesterday, Paymon's bar staff saved my night. My car mysteriously stopped working last night and the tow truck wasn't scheduled to arrive until 1am. Since I was in the neighborhood, I walked to Paymon's to kill time. I don't mind dining alone, but I dread going to bars by myself -- slimy guys usually see this as an opportunity to relentlessly pester me & it's generally an awkward experience. However, given the choice between hanging out with my dead car in an empty parking lot & going to a bar alone, I'll choose the bar.Immediately upon entering the busy hookah lounge, Steph the bartender introduced herself, cleared out a table for me, listened to my sob story and made me a tasty mojito. For the rest of the night, the staff made sure I was hydrated, entertained and not hassled by creeps. They truly went above and beyond, and as a result my crappy night actually turned out to be pretty alright. I'm very impressed.
4	I first visited Paymon's about 4 years ago when a bunch of us went out for a friends Birthday. I must admit when I first saw the menu and prices I was a little worried. We ordered the pita bread with Hummus for an appetizer which was so delicious it was gone within minutes. I ordered Tandoori chicken with rice and an apple martini. The portion size is amazing and while it is a little pricey it is well worth it! The wait staff was very friendly and the environment is just so relaxing. If you haven't  tried Mediterranean cuisine, your missing out! Followed up by some time in the Hookah Lounge makes for a great night out. :)
4	Had lunch here the other day. They have a cold cucumber/yogurt soup that was pretty tasty. Had raisins in it which were not my favorite but it was still pretty nice on a warm day. The Gyro sandwiches are huge. I couldn't finish my entire pita and ended up eating most of it with a fork. I think a little more tzatziki sauce would have helped the flavor profiles. Lots of meat and the roasted red peppers are quite tasty. I would definitely go back to try some of their other options.
3	When I arrived the waiter was very attentive.  He took my order right away.  I ordered the humus, falafel giro.Humus was creamy and tasted swell.  Also the pita bread was fresh plus the falafel was huge.Unfortunately the taste was just alright.  I have had better in Portland. If the food was awesome I would have given them five stars!
3	Ok so I've eaten here a few times now, and the food is perfectly alright, it just doesn't wow me in any way.  It gets points for convenience since I'm a grad student at UNLV and it's easy to get to and eat in under an hour for lunch.  I should say that I've never been for dinner, but I don't think that there's any change in menu items.In my opinion, the Saganaki might be the best thing on the menu, because who doesn't like hot, melting cheese?  I've also had the combination platter, the baked Kibbe, the fesenjan, the moussaka and the pastitsio.  For the most part all are tasty, and usually done correctly, but I've never had that *wow* factor that would have me rank this place higher.  I will say this though, their food does tend to be on the salty side, so be prepared to drink plenty of liquids for the rest of the day.The service is also usually pretty good, but sometimes I think it might depend on the server.  Overall, a perfectly decent place that I'm content with going back to time and again.
5	This is my favorite lounge spot in town! Tuesdays is locals night and they offer 1/2 off appetizers and cocktails. I love their Sailor Jerry Babylon Spice! This is a great place to chill with friends, hang out before going out, or even grab a great meal. Their food is awesome and has a great selection of Greek / Mediterranean and Italian fare.
4	This is a great place for hookah.They have a great wait staff who is very attentive.  I've been asked how the service/food was at least a dozen times by the attentive wait staff, who were very nice and responsive.They have a lot of different hookah flavors you can blend.  They also have a good selection of food, but the fries are a MUST!  They have the best fries EVERAlso there's a house DJ in the entrance area who plays some pretty good mixes.  Love this place and will be back for sure for the fries, house music, and hookah
4	It's a bit small and stuffy inside, but to look at it positively, the place is very "cozy".  Probably not the best place to go with such a big group of people (we had about 12) since the table space can get very cluttered and passing the hookah pipe over can be a game of twister.Huge (I'm talking like 50 flavors no joke) selections of hookah flavors can be a bit overwhelming, but I love the fact that we can mix and match them however we want.  I thought choosing a hookah flavor was tough, try the tea menu!  They also have a pretty decent selections of wine plus beer, a full bar, they have it all!I had a plate of combination appetizer which was delicious, but I wish they gave us some pita bread so that I could've cleaned the hummus, baba ganoush and other flavorful things that were on that plate.  My favorite was the FRIES.  You MUST have FRIES here!  It is probably the best I've ever had, putting Boiling Crab fries down to second place!
5	SO All I have to say is that I ate so much of the all you can eat pasta, they should of rubbed me down with butter as I tried to squeeze out the double doors.
1	No stars would be more like it. Management is BAD BAD BAD !!We will NEVER return. I don't care how good the food is, BAD PEOPLE !!
4	My favorite Greek in Vegas. Ice tea is tropically delicious. Greek salad always fresh. Falafel just right. Hummus yummy.
3	It was very dark! I couldn't see what I was eating. I almost tripped on the way out.
4	Been coming here for years, back in the day when hookahs were actually flavored tobacco and not flavored herbs, used to come here for happy hour in the hookah lounge, but most recently usually come here for dinner after work. Typical order is yogurt cucumber dip for the app, which I could eat for my meal. Another standard meal is the gyro salad, the gyro meat is perfect, not tough or greasy and the salad dressing is so flavorful. Or if you feel like fish, try the Greek salad and add a salmon filet, omg so good. Not sure what secret spices they use on their salmon but man I love it. A great Persian dish is the fesenjan, it's an acquired taste, and not esthetically pleasing to the eye, but it's rich with pomegranate flavor and other spices, and the rice is cooked to perfection (the rice here is probably one of my favorites in town). I stepped out of my Mediterranean box tonight and had the falafel pita and I was very disappointed, very dry, not tasty at all.  And to finish dinner, try the rice pudding-so good. I'm not a huge fan of baklava, but I have to say it's pretty good here as well. Oh and the iced tea! How can I forget the iced tea! I usually drink a gallon when I'm there.
4	Been going here since 1998, when it was under a different name.  Food is basically unchanged over the years, and is good for a tasty sit-down Mediterranean / Middle-Eastern meal.  I like the Fesenjan [sp] chicken which is a Persian dish, supposedly  a natural aphrodisiac, but I seriously doubt that.  Fries kick butt, and later in the day /evening you can smoke the hookah!
3	At first, I was dismayed, because the greeter at the door was kind of a prick. However, he eventually got us seated, and our server, Anthony, made sure to make up for any misgivings I had. My wife ordered the combination platter, and I ordered the Gyros platter. The portions were HUGE - I normally don't have leftovers to take home. I liked it at first, but, the more I ate, the more the salt content got to me. By about halfway through the meal, I got an idea of the sodium intake of your average bukkake star. My wife assures me that it was perfectly normal for Greek food, so I'll chalk that up to my inexperience with going Greek. The vegetables served alongside, though, were magical. I greatly enjoyed those - giving me half the rice and twice the veggies would not have been a bad idea. She liked almost everything on her plate except the dolmas - they were extremely bitter (even for grape leaves), and the consistency was like pudding, rather than rice. Other than that, though, she loved it, and was very happy with it.  She also truly enjoyed the lentil soup she ordered.We'll be going back.
5	Best hookah lounge in the city. Small, quaint, down tempo lounge, elegantly decorated to perfection. Fantastic service. Best cocktail menu in town(besides VBar in the venetian). The food is to die for! Get the Babylon Spice cocktail, with a order if the dolmas, calamari, and tiramisu. Yum!!! Also every tuesday is half off happy hour, EVERYTHING half off...all day. Amazing!
4	What a great find for us just a few minutes drive from the Flamingo with a really wide variety of dishes.  Love the casual atmosphere and am always looking for a local place when traveling.  The curry chicken was amazing.  Delicious hummus appetizer too.  Portions are generous and we had great service as well.  Definitely a place to go when you're here.
2	I am only rating this place as a hookah bar. Coming from Los Angeles, where hookah bars are a dime a dozen, I would have expected something on par in the City of Sin. I understand that the primary business of this place is a restaurant so again, I must reiterate, this review is for the hookah lounge of Paymon's cafe only.The service is ok. My friend and I were greeted at the front desk. However we were directed to go towards to two other doors before we can even reach the hookah lounge. It would have been fine if we were escorted, but we had to find our way to the other side of the restaurant to reach the actual hookah bar. Once we actually got to sit, we were greeted by a woman who carried flavors of hookah and asked us what we wanted. I notice that the tobacco that they used are not of the best quality. Most of it are dried and some of it were mislabeled. As someone who has been smoking hookah for several years and have been to several Nargile bars all over the Middle East, I know what to look for. Our server was very attentive and we got our drinks and appetizers right away.Our hookah came minutes later. First of all, I am not sure if their staff knows how a hookah works. The rubber seal on our pipe was so loose that air was escaping, thus not getting the air necessary to get a full smoke out of the pipe. I knew this, but I am not sure if their hookah preparer knew this. He kept messing with our hookah till I finally told him why it wasn't working. I told him very tactfully what needed to be done and he was able replace our hookah eventually. I also notice that they use the cheap Chinese made ones, not the good kind (Egyptian, Syrian, Persian, etc) but I am sure its for cost efficiency. The worst part of this place and thus why I am only giving it 2 Stars is the simple fact that THEY DON'T REFILL CHARCOALS. Charcoal service should be standard in all hookah bars. If I've had my charcoal changed every 15 minutes at a Hookah bar in downtown Bagdhad, why not in Las Vegas? Are they too cheap to have this service? All the hookah guy can do is adjust the air valve, which btw does not do anything to the charcoal. The charcoal will keep burning till its completely turned to ashes. If you're in Vegas visiting or a local, I DO NOT recommend this place at all. I gave it two stars because of the service and that is it.
5	Try the calamari.  It's perfect.
4	**Restaurant Review Only!**Atmosphere really makes the culture & the cuisine come alive. Spacious, decorated in fine Mediterranean style, & really gets you engaged in the culture of the food. I can see why this place has won so many 'Best of Las Vegas' awards, because when I was sat I was immediately greeted by a friendly server who was very knowledgeable about the menu & overall kindness goes a long way. I expressed it was my first time at Paymon's, & he did an excellent job to explain & guide me through the menu.Purchasing the felafel pita, it was the only item I was going for until my server offered me to test out their famous Athen's fries. While french fries are often redundant & boring to myself, I have to say Athen's fries are quite possibly the greatest fries I've EVER had! The seasoning with the side-sauce for dipping compliments each other so finely I had to hold myself back from scarfing the fries down before the pita. The felafel pita itself was delicious as well.I'm interested in returning here again to try out more of their dishes, since the atmosphere & the flavors of seasoning they use in their food truly won me over (as well as the attentive service I got!) Never was familiar with Mediterranean cuisine, but Paymon's has me officially hooked! :)
5	I have been here several times for the happy hour in the hookah lounge. Very cheap drinks and food, both of which were pretty good. Hookah was great, wish we didn't have to have the cap over the coal though, it burns the tobacco way to fast, but that is a pretty minor inconvenience. Great music as well!
1	This place is terrible. The hostess was rude and the food is over priced! I ordered a falafel and a fatoush salad and both were disgusting. I paid 20 dollars. What a waste! The food is definitely not authentic. I do not recommend this place.
5	Wait...what?  I haven't reviewed Paymon's yet? I've been coming to Paymon's since I moved to Las Vegas in 2003. The food has always been awesome - from my meat eating days when I used to order the chicken pita to my more recent vegetarian leaning days.  My current favorite thing on the menu is a big bowl of lentil soup served with a few slices of pita on the side.  Comforting and flavorful - and a perfect size for lunch - which is when I usually end up here.  If you're in the mood for something a bit more substantial, the felafel or felamus (felafel and hummus) pitas and fatosh salad are great veg choices too.  The spiced fries are good - I rarely order my own, but I've been known to poach a few off of my husband's plate every now and then.Can't comment on the hookah 'cause I don't smoke.
4	Good Mediterranean food. Locals night is a great deal.  The hookah bar is quite comfortable also.
5	I've been going here for about seven years now, but only for dinner.  They have some super great kabobs and basmati rice combinations and outstanding greek salad.  Also love the hummis and the "Shrimp, Artichoke And Spinach Dip" is to die for!I've tried several other places to get kabobs in town and none have measured up.A note:  Go on Wednesday between 5p-9p and you get 25% off your check.
3	was visiting town and my cousin brought us in here as he is a local.shared a few different dips that were all very solid.for my meal i had the eggplant pita which i enjoyed but would have preferred the eggplant warmed instead of cold.  it is a HUGE sandwich.  the fries on the side were delicious with the heavy seasoning and dipping sauce.  all the portions were just so big, definitely a good bang for your buck.  i tried a little of the spanikopita from my bros plate and i can say i was not happy it had coconut in it, that's just weird.  the rice and veggies his came with def rivaled my fries.would give it a go next time in town and looking for a great, cost-effective meal!
4	Passing through town and found this on yelp. We eat Mediterranean all the time and this place did not disappoint. I would recommend this to all my friends. The staff was very helpful and had just the right amount of interference. Not too often and enough that we could get refills on drinks or additions to our meal.
3	Just had a haircut at Shag Me, and was looking for some sustenance afterwards. Paymon's was fairly close so my friend and I went in for a quick bite.When I dine with my gluten-free friend, the first thing we do is ask if they have GF menu items. The hostess said they in fact do! We settled down into a cozy table in a dimly lit dining room. Tealight candles illuminated the tables. The hostess gave us a laminated sheet that had a list of their gluten-free items. My friend noticed that the fries were on the list, but there would be a high chance of cross-contamination.As we were just looking for a quick bite, we decided to order some hummus (served with cucumber slices) and veggie stuffed grape leaves (dolmas). I ordered the broiled chicken kabob to take home. The hummus was quite smooth and creamy, though I wish we had something else to dip with than the cucumber slices (carrots? celery?). The stuffed grape leaves were okay, I would have liked a bit more seasoning.The server was friendly and checked on us often. I got my chicken kabob just as we were ready to leave. I didn't check the chicken kabob until I got home, which was unfortunate because I saw that it included the vermicelli pilaf. The server saw that we were ordering from the GF menu (it was just a list of menu items, no description). I would have liked for it come with just plain basmati rice, as I wasn't entirely certain if the pilaf was gluten-free. For next time though, I will make doubly sure what sides are included with the entrees.
5	Make your way over to paymons once and you'll be hooked. Stiff drinks and tasty mediterranean dishes await you. Make youre u get the ice base on your hookah. it burns all night long! Dont forget tuesdays are local nights and select appeitzers are half off!
4	Oh My Greek-ness! Great Food, Flavors & Portions. Falafel -  Fried Goodness!Kabob Pita - Good but the meat was mediocre. The Greek Tzatziki sauce saved it.Athens Fries - Bold & Flavorful! Tie it in with the dipping sauce -winner!P.S. I'm a saucy kinda girl and all their different sauces are outstanding!
5	Hummus. The best, bottom line! Chicken pita wrap. The best, hands down. The food has always been great. The ice tea is awesome too. The food is very flavorful. If you want, you can add hot sauce and spices made by Paymon's to your food. The your in the mood for Mediterranean food, this is the only place in Vegas that will deliver. If I wasn't on a health kick, the Athens fries would have been destroyed!!I've also been here a few times to smoke Hookah in the lounge side and have some drinks. Again, great hookah and service.
5	This place had a great vibe and amazingly delicious food, at 11pm at night!!  We got the combination platter from the late night menu and it was more than enough for two people (at $15.95 it should be!).  The falafel was great, and the baba ghanoush and hummus were some of the best I've ever had!  The addition of the "athens fries" was surprising but they were delicious too, especially dipped in the hummus or tahini hehe!  Even though it's a bit pricey, I wouldn't hesitate to go back here again.
4	One of the better places for Greek in town, with decent prices and good sized portions.
4	Not quite sure why this is listed as "vegetarian". Sure theres vegetarian options but this is a straight up Gyro and souvlaki place. And a pretty nice one at that.  The real star room here is the hooka lounge. Full bar. Great late menu. With or without hookah this place holds up.
4	One of my favorite things about Paymon's is their wonderful selection of teas -- more than 20 from half a dozen different varieties (I'm partial to the Moroccan rose and mint). There's also Moroccan and Lebanese beers available, which is far more exciting than the usual Blue Moon/Newcastle offering. And they're only slightly more expensive than domestic beers. Food-wise, I've only ever had their chicken dishes (kabobs and the like) and I thought the meat was well seasoned, moist and tender. The rice is always a little bland; I find myself making vigorous use of the salt and pepper shakers. For night owls, the hookah lounge next door has a great late-night happy hour, perfect for that 2am mixed drink to top off your night (or your sobriety).
5	I live in LA and I'm too familiar with the hookah scene and can distinguish good vs bad pretty well. Paymon's has great hookah especially when its happy hour time! If you don't smoke hookah, the happy hour is ridiculously amazing and the food is SOOO yummy. I love the Pesto Pizza and Athens fries! Good quality for a Good price. The drink menu is pretty great too! HOWEVER, this one time I went to Paymons (April 2012) I was with 6 other people and all but 1 of us were over 21. We wanted to smoke but the 1 guy who was under 21 was not allowed in the lounge area where you can smoke. We asked to speak to the manager and no exception was allowed since the bar is in the lounge area. Pretty lame since he was NOT going to drink or smoke, just came to eat in the lounge and watch us smoke. In anycase, just be aware its 21 & OVER for happy hour inside the lounge/smoking inside the lounge/drinking inside the lounge. Oh and happy hr is ONLY given inside the lounge : )
3	When I worked at UNLV we affectionately referred to Paymon's as "Crack Fries" as a testament to their wonderful Athens Fries seasoning.  Perusing the reviews I saw someone else mention they call them that as well.  Now I dont feel so special.  Back then we'd go as this large group and order family style: just picking and choosing from the menu and sharing everything.  Based on those experiences I would have given it 5 stars each and every time.   From the Shrimp, Artichoke and Cheese Dip and Combination Dip plate for appetizers, to the Gyro Salad, Eggplant Parmesan, Penne Pesto Pasta and of course a side of Crack Fries all washed down with their Passion Fruit Iced Tea, it was essentially my favorite lunch spot for a number of years, and basically my introduction to Mediterranean cuisine that had previously been limited to gyro sandwiches at carnivals or mall food courts.   Fast forward some years and a new job that's much further, along with a lot more experience with Mediterranean food than I had before, and a little bit of the luster has worn off.   I've been back sporadically dining in much smaller groups and as a couple and have had a mix of good and bad.  The gyro salad is still always a good choice, and I do still enjoy their pita gyros even though I've certainly had better.  I still love their Combination Dip platter, and if you like hummus you're doing a disservice to yourself in not trying the Hummus with Pesto dip here.  I've had the pita bread and crack fries range from hot and delicious to coming out cold and hardened.  I'm also not a huge fan of their falafel and rank it among some of the worst I've had here in Las Vegas.   The Passion Fruit iced tea remains delicious which is comforting.In the end I still count on Paymon's to deliver a solid meal more often than not, though I do long for the days eating there with an impressionable mind and lots of food to try.   Now I'm getting all misty-eyed.
5	I love Paymon's. The staff are so friendly and personable, the food is incredibly tasty and the atmosphere is so inviting. I love the decor. I recently had their lasagne and it was out of this world for taste and flavor.
5	Everything we expected and more at 11pm on a Tuesday night. Great service and food.
5	i've never had meditteranean food until i went to paymon's.  my aunty and uncle are regulars here so they did the ordering. damn did we have a lot of food on our table for just four people!  besides the athens fries i don't recall what we had, but they were all so delish. those fries though, are something else! everything about this place is awesome- the food, waiters/waitresses and atmosphere! did i mention that they also have a hookah lounge?  pretty chill place to be. i'm from hawaii and can't wait for my next vaca to have some paymon's again!
5	Now, great Mediterranian food is kind of a specter in the world or consumer edibles. Its out there, and people talk about it; but when it comes down to it... Its only ever kinda good, or good for the price, or the atmosphere but never have I heard, or said, "Outstanding."Outstanding is barely appropriate for my first experience here. Interestingly enough, I searched "Delivery" on Yelp, and this Paymons came up high on the list... Strange, because they don't deliver. Which is fine, i like living in Las Vegas and being able to drive around our beautiful city; driving down Maryland Pkwy at 30mph is excrutiating, but worth it when you get here. Its neatly kept in a non descript mini mall across from Target and Buffalo Exchange.The food was beyond excellent. There was an interesting sauce that came as default chicken sauce that just made me... I dunno, not my cup of hummus. But the white tzaziki is incredible. Great consistency and not watery or over cucumbery. The chicken is tender and marinated all the way through. The kabob (kubideh) is meaty and well seasoned. My only gripe is if you get it in pocketed form, its all meat on top and salad underneath. Im going to try wrap form next time.The Athens Fries are beyond phenomenal. The only fries in the entire world that I gladly munched on cold. I was floored and full and satisfied for under 30 bucks and didnt even touch the Greek Salad yet. The best takeout experience I've had in Las Vegas across any genre of food. There is a lot of competition for pita and kabob and hookah, but with this visit and this experience and this food. This is my only choice.
4	Great food, great selection - crowded at lunch though. Quality cuisine, their hummus is superb. I love their spanakopita (spinach pie with feta cheese); my wife loves their salmon. Their curry is excellent; service is prompt. The only thing that was average was their Tandoori Chicken - I've eaten lots of east Indian cuisine - not quite as much flavor.  Overall, hard to miss when you come here.
4	What we ordered (ranked from best to worst):Athens fries - These were really tasty.  They come with the Paymon's special seasoning (more about that in a second) and a dipping sauce that tastes a little bit like thousand island but not as relish-y.  I usually only really like shoestring fries, but even though these were medium cut, they were so crispy that I still gobbled them down.  The seasoning is SO GOOD - it has like ten thousand ingredients and tastes a little bit like old bay but without the background shrimp-y flavor.  If for no other reason, you should try this place just to try that seasoning.  You can buy it there and bring it home with you too, to sprinkle into your mouth at your leisure.Hummus and baba ganoush (sp?) - they have a comp dip plate for 6 bucks, and we chose the hummus and the baba. It comes with a side of pita.  The hummus was okay (not bad but nothing special), but the baba was really good.  Grilled salmon mediterannean platter - I'm not sure if this is what it was called, but this was pretty much just grilled salmon (really tender and not overcooked), with this "vermicelli pilaf" thing which was pretty much seasoned yellow rice, and a side salad.  The salad had lots of cheese on it, so if you don't like cheese be careful.  Combo kabob platter - 3 kabobs - lamb, beef, and chicken, + the vermicelli pilaf (see above), and some sort of rice pilaf + side salad.  The rice pilaf was really good - it's a mix between white and yellow basmati rice.  The lamb kabob was SO GOOD - the lamb tasted like the gyro lamb meat that you get at the good halal carts in new york.  The beef was okay, though a bit chewy, and chicken was pretty tender.  Tiramisu - We actually didn't order this, but the waitress gave it to us for free since she felt bad about having us wait so long for the check.  The tiramisu is homemade, and has a bit more rum flavor than most of your average tiramisus, and is pretty good.  I think the baklava is also supposed to be really good, although we didn't try it.The main thing about this place (besides the magical spice seasoning) is that the portions are GIGANTIC.  I think one of those platters could easily feed two people with big appetites, no joke.  Given the portion sizes, I think the prices are pretty decent.  Also, they have one of those cool dessert trays (like the ones you see at steak houses) that they bring around so you can see all the desserts on offer.  And our waitress was really nice.  And that spice....mmm.
5	Always good food and service, very attentive.  Consistency is always hard to find and Paymon's delivers.  My kids enjoy the selections as well and enjoy the games given to them while waiting for our food.
1	The food was....okay.  The service was....okay.  What was not okay was showing up with a friend wearing a sleeveless $300 shirt and told he couldn't come in to the hookah lounge because of their "dress code" and watching some bimbo walk in with sandals, cut off shorts and a tank top and no bra.This is NOT an upscale place - they're in a strip mall - and they should be pleased to greet any guest walking through the door.
3	I enjoy this place. Nice atmosphere and great people. I love their lamb kabobs and their rice pilaf is awesome. If you are having a party, they have this private outdoor area that is really cool. I did however not like their Tabuli Salad. Trader Joe's carries a better version. Overall, when I want something lite but filling, this place is great.
2	I had couple of my friends in town they wanted to try Pamon I tried it when it first open.  At that time the food was good and service was not bad. But yesterday when I took my friends there we had to wait by the door for at least 5 minutes there was no waiter no hostess nobody to great us or show us to our table. after 5 min I saw the waitress that was serving another table screaming from that table "you can seat anywher you want' that made me very upset in front of my guests.Then we sat .we placed our orders I would not recomend the combination appetizer it is a big mess in a plate there is one  teaspoon of hummus, one teaspoon of every thing else there is four of us and 3 dolmas.Nobody enjoyed that appetizer.Don't ask me how every thing tasted I don't know because every thing was mixed up together. The food came. Thank God the food was not too bad.We had the ground beef and the chickenkabob.I don't know if I would go back there or not. You have  judge this place your selves.I gave two stars because bad service is not acceptable.
4	With their two locations, they are pretty well known through the valley, the menu take extensive to a whole new level, , from traditional feel good foods to semi exotic middle eastern foods, most done well.I waited to do a review of Paymon's until i had had a chance to try a few of their dishes.The curries...If you are in any way shape or form a curry fan, avoid them, though well cooked, they taste like something out of a jar, not good.Chicken Parm...Oh yeah, this is the stuff, a very well done chicken parm is hard to find, they nail it, just a little hint though, skip the pasta and go with the Athens fries, yes I know, I hang my head in shame, but they make such a great combination.Spaghetti Bolognese ...An ok interpretation of a classic dish, I have certainly had better, I have also had far worse.Fesenjan...My wife's favorite, a little to sweet for my tastes, but she raves about it so it must be good.I can honestly say, the service has been good each time we have been there, the empty coke glass test get's passed every time, so I am happy.All in all a good place to eat when you need a wide variety of dishes to choose from.
5	Paymon's is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. The food is superb and the service is excellent. I have eaten there during happy hour and in the restaurant.Happy hour is great, too! The only downside is happy hour is served in the hookah lounge, and I don't smoke hookah. However, as long as people aren't waiting for a hookah spot, you are allowed to sit in the lounge and enjoy the happy hour experience of half-priced drinks and reduced appetizer prices. The prices are reasonable, especially for the quality and quantity of food. My go-to is the vegetarian platter, and that easily feeds me for two meals.
4	Stopped by here last night with some friends that hadn't really smoked hookah before. We had a great time, and were not disappointed.The atmosphere is great, the service was amazing, and I would absolutely recommend this place to friends that want to try hookah, or just have a great meal.
4	Went here with some friends that were visiting after a long week of partying. Surprised to see how nice it is inside and is a really chill place to smoke hookah. I had a hookah expert with me that made the best combinations of hookah imaginable so that could have made me like this place more than usual but it was a good way to chill and relax with everyone on their last night in town. You have to get the Athens Fries.... They are BOMB!!
5	Love Love Love this place. Service tends to be on the slower side, but I love to sit out in their courtyard. It gets very busy too, their courtyard was almost completely full by noon. I would say at least 15 tables for lunch. Again, I've eaten here at least 5 times and it's always consistently good.My friend and I from work typically order the same couple of staples:  Greek Platter {$10.95} -dressing on the side, Greek fries with their amazing dipping sauce, fried cheese app with pita {Saganaki} and the Chicken Curry [it's super hot so watch out]. Their curry does not taste like Indian Curry, it's very turmeric dense, but has an excellent flavor.They also have their own homemade spice and hot sauce on the table which we could eat and pour over everything that shows up on our table.
3	The food was ok. Alissa was awesome and energetic. She noticed we were cold and offered us a hot tea when we walked in.
5	Great place to take a date... Eat in the hookah lounge, it has low lighting and they play chill music. I recommend the kabob platter and the fries. Good service. I will definitely be back soon.
5	I can't believe I haven't yet written a review of this place, because it was fantastic! I was given a gift certificate and enjoyed the opportunity to try out a new place for free. My friend and I had a veritable feast, sharing a beef/lamb sausage entree with rice, pita and three different dips, Athens fries, and finished the meal up with baklava. We were so stuffed that we had a meal and a snack out of the leftovers later. The tzatziki was amazing.  I love any kind of dip, so the hummus and the baba ganoush were welcomed. The baba ganoush was smokey, unlike any I had ever had. I stuffed my face with what seems like several pounds of deliciousness over the next few days. I loved trying different bites of different things--fries, pita, sausage--in the different dips. Definitely worth the five stars alone!It did get a little spotty with service, however. We arrived at 7pm with nobody else in the joint, and then it all the sudden got slammed, and our table was in the crossfire of forgetfulness. It was no matter, though, because we were so hungry and filling our bellies with the deliciousness of Paymon's that we didn't care!
1	Their hookah lounge was terrible we went on valentines day and the hookah was good nothing special but the drinks and service was so terrible our hookah girl was so rude and un attentive and just had a really bad attitude. The mojito i got was sooo strong (usually i wouldn't complain about that haha) but i couldn't even drink it the flavor was just awful and so syrupy I sent it back (something i usually don't do but it was undrinkable) which took like 45 minutes :/ .. and they still charged me for it so I had to bicker with the manager about it it was just a bad experience. The food is good though get the athen's fries.
2	I'm not sure if we just caught this place on a bad day or what happened but the service was unbearably awful. I do have a few good things to say so let's start with that. The food was great. We had the Athens Fries, and Dolma appetizers. My friends also had the mozz sticks and said they were good. I was totally impressed by the Dolma dish. Tender grape leaves stuffed with angus ground beef, tomatoes and rice in a tangy tomato sauce. I've been craving them ever since! The fries are delicious too. Coated in some kind of seasoning with a side of this creamy aoli sauce. That sauce you could put on tree bark and I would be good. Great happy hour deals 50% off all appetizers and signature drinks. The Lychee Martini was pretty good as well.The hookah flavors were great as well. We tried Blueberry Vanilla with a touch of cinnamon... Tastes like French toast so amazing! Ill be coming back specifically for that. Now into the bad... Unfortunately this completely out weighed the good. First, I say down I'm the hookah lounge part for about 25 minutes with no menu, and no recognition at all. I finally went up to the bar where the waitress was and asked if she could stop by. She held up her finger and said one minute in a very snappy tone. Mind you the lounge was not that busy at this time. I sat back down and about 15 minutes she came over after I waved my hand at her. I ordered a glass of wine & asked if it was on happy hour, she said yes. The rest of my party arrived a few minutes later & we all sat there for about 30 minutes with no service. And still no wine for me. One of my friends approached the bartender to order the rest of our drinks and he said they would be brought out to us. After waiting 20 minutes and seeing our drinks just sitting there on the bar I got up and brought them over. When I was at the bar retrieving them I told our waitress we would like to order. She got out a pen & paper and said what would you like? I was t sure of the exact order everyone wanted so she told me to go ask them and she would be at the computer when I was prepared to order. Now in all the years of experience of dining out or working in restaurants in general I was blown away by this. She actually wanted me to go get the order of our table and walk back to the bar to order. While taking my drinks as well. Wow, not cool bro.The hookah chic was no help either. She kept forgetting the flavors and had to ask us several time what we ordered. And to top it off I had 6 glasses of wine over the period of our 4 hour dinner and when we got the bill not one glass was offered at happy hour. When I asked about this, this was her response "oh I didn't ring up any of your wine until the end and it's 10pm now."  Such a disastrous experience. If the food  wasn't so amazing I'd never return but since it is ill give Paymons one more shot. But if I receive service like this again my next review won't be as nice. Get it together people!
3	My mom got me a giftcard here so I obviously had to check it out. Was reading reviews and tips and started off ordering the "Athen's Fries." And man they were great! Their paymon's seasoning is amazing and the sauce to it put the cherry on top. Also ordered their calamari, loved the spicy sauce but I'm not a huge fan of chewy calamari. I like it a bit crunchy--but I wouldn't mind eating it again. For my entree, I ordered the kabob trio. I've never had Mediterranean food, so didn't know what to expect. I just felt like I was eating meat on meat on meat. Not really a great flavor...I'm not sure how to explain it. My plate also came with rice, greens, and vermicelli. Nothing unique or special about my sides. All in all I give my entree a 4 out of 10. Service was fair, our lady seemed grumpy. But at least we came on customer appreciation night. 25% off entire bill. (Every Wednesday night)After dinner, me and the dude went to check out their hookah lounge. Cute little lounge spot. Lounge is 21+ as well. Hookahs were $15 and $12 refill. Tried their skittles flavor and it was ok. My hookah at home tastes better haha. But the service was great! Always checking up on us and they were all very nice. I don't think I'd come back though, I've had better hookah--if there was only a way to get more flavor out of that hookah! Lol.
3	The baba ganosh dip and the pita was amazing, it doesnt get better in Vegas. The chicken marsala and hummus dip was okay. The waitress was extremely nice, but the coworker was not service oriented by rushing to take our plates away as we are still eating. I would go back again to try some other menu items such as the Gyros platter and pita bread sandwiches .
2	The food was some where between adequate and good.On the other hand, the service was some where between less than adequate and bad.A couple of other things...- Can some one explain the appeal of falafel?  They almost always taste greasy and sit on your stomach like a brick.  No exception here.- For some reason the pita bread here tasted like it was a week old.  Taste, texture and look it looked like some cheap store bought pita like substance.  How does that happen?Not sure I'd return.
4	Yeay, we finally got to check out Paymon's Mediterranean Cafe!It was a beautiful day, so we decided to eat on the patio!We ordered the Koobideh :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/paymons-mediterranean-cafe-and-lounge-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#dJ4Bh6r9D8i6lum-E-EF_wWhich was an outstanding Lean Ground Angus Beef marinated with onions and imported spices, rotisserie broiled with a grilled tomato and roasted pepper and basmati rice. This was sooo good! Each cut into the meat had oils and spices flowing out of it! It was so tender and flavorful...best version of Koobideh we have had so far!Soul approved!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/paymons-mediterranean-cafe-and-lounge-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#G-24e_xT-DUCNfjm61FsvwOnly reason why they didn't get the 5th star, was the fact that it is a little spendy ($15 plate after tax + tip) and although the service was good initially, when it came down to getting the check...I think we were forgotten.  I had to go back in the restaurant to ask the hostess to bring our check after standing up outside for a few minutes waiting.  Still, the food was great, and the taste was there...so we will be back to try their famous french fries :)
5	Yum!  I love this place.  They have an extensive menu ranging from Italian to Mediterranean.  I opted to have the Chicken Kubideh plate that came w/ 2 kabobs, basmati rice with BUTTER, and salad.  I also had the combination sample platter with their awesome french fries, hummus, baby ganoush, and falafels.  Their falafels here are really good!  Bursts w/ flavor.  And their fries!  OMG! Their fries!  A must have on the side!I'm definitely coming back to explore the rest of their menu!
4	Met a few colleagues from lunch here, as I have done many many times in the past.  What I love about Paymon's is the Atrium seating area with natural light and the feeling that you are not in a busy busy lunch spot on Maryland Parkway.  Without question, I always NEED the Paymon's french fries and dipping sauce.  Hands down these are some of my favorite fries ever!  But who goes to a Mediterranean Cafe for French Fries???  Me.  Okay, I also enjoy the other food!  On this day I ordered the traditional lamb Gyro in a pita (not the pita pocket).  Paymon's gyros offer the best combination of ingredients.  Plenty of veggies, just enough sauce, and just enough meat.  I couldn't eat the whole thing, it was too big!As some others have said in their reviews, the Passion Fruit Iced Tea is a big hit for me as well.  I LOVE their Lentil soup - simple but flavorful and served with a side of pita.  Paymon's does not have "Lunch Specials" and a typical lunch here can run about $15.  If you want a cheaper gyro meal, you will have to go elsewhere.  I prefer to pay the few extra bucks for Excellent service, clean and ambient restaurant setting, and for good food!
4	I like this place.... good food & pretty good service; they always smile... the hookah lounge is a little small but quite cozy... they have friendly pricing in regards to their drinks...
5	I have always been happy with this place, never had a bad meal, never had bad service, just an all around friendly place with good food and good atmosphere.I would definately recommend this place as it is one of the better places in Las Vegas that still believes in giving you the value for your money.  My step-daughter ordered the ground lamb and the portion they gave her, I would not have been able to finish it nor was she.  Needless to say that one meal provided her food for two more meals.If you have not been to this place, you have gotta go.
4	We just went tonight hoping that the reviews would prove to be mostly wrong.  My husband and I are pleased to say that they were, atleast for us.  We are vegetarians so it's nice to find a decent place to eat that offers plenty of selections. This place did that and the service was spot on.  Meals came quickly too! Falafel Pita good although pita fell apart (no biggie, just used fork) and sampler platter was very good.  Baba ganoush was a bit too smokey but not a deal breaker.  Worth the trip away from the strip!!
4	Great environment love the atmosphere. They have really good unique dishes you can't find anywhere else. Service in the courtyard area was ehh but the hookah lounge service is phenomenal. Love the hookah flavors! A must visit if you're a hookah lover.
5	This place left me very satisfied after the meal.  The place offered a variety of interesting dishes, had pleasing decor for setting the meal experience and the service was very attentive.     If you're vacationing, make sure your room has a frig cuz you're likely to have leftovers!  The kids had pasta and pizza(Italian), I had Fesenjan(Persian chicken with pomegranate sauce) and hubby had chicken curry(Indian).  All the dishes were well portioned and incredibly delicious.  I'm just salivating just thinking about the experience.     If you're looking for interesting and delicious food and not a buffet fan, definitely try this place out.
3	We went there for dinner at around 11PM. There was no-one in the restaurant and the entrance was confusing(may be some construction was going on).I tried there lamb kabob and chicken kabob. They overcooked the food, onions and green peppers were burnt. The meat tasted good and fresh though. There pita bread and hummus were really really good.Avoid there rice pudding if you don't like cinnamon.I will give this place and there food 3 stars.
4	It took me 6 years to come back here.  I remember the Athens fries and shawarma being good the last time but I couldn't remember why I stopped going here.Last night, I decided to eat here after having a rough week at work.  We seated ourselves and it took at least 10 minutes before a server came to our table to give us the menu.  They weren't busy at 9:30pm but you can tell other diners have been waiting for a long time.  We ordered Athens fries to hold us over before our entree came...FREEDOM FRIES!!!  They were warm, crisp on the outside, soft on the inside and each fry was coated in herbs.  The fries come with yogurt dip with spices.  Yuuummm!They also had a pretty good deal on drinks.  We got a Moscato and a Cosmo.  Our entree came.  We got the Kabob Trio: chicken, lamb and Koobideh with basmati rice, salad, roasted veggies and roasted tomato.  The food was perfect.  The meats were well-seasoned but not overpowering, tender and not dry.  The Trio was big enough to share especially after a plate of fries.But PLEASE do something about the service, geez!
5	I love Paymon's. During the summer they have the best cold cucumber soup! So delicious. The chicken curry, hummus, dolmas, lentil soup are all satisfying... I think I am going to go there tomorrow for happy hour! Yay!
3	This is a two part review. The cafe portion of Paymon's is actually quite nice, and is the only reason one should patronize this business. The food overall is delicious, with a variety of Mediterranean with some American fusion and South Asian cuisine rounding out the menu. The Athens Fries are without the best French fries I've had at ANY establishment, so they are a must get when going. Otherwise, the rest of the menu is fairly consistent in quality (not necessarily authenticity) and should be experimented with. The gyros, pastas, kabobs and curries have all been worthwhile dishes to try in my opinion. Lastly, the cafe has some great ambiance, especially during lunch time, with plenty of natural lighting and well-done decor.Paymon's would be worthy of a 4 or a 5 star review if only the cafe were being reviewed. Unfortunately the attached hookah lounge prevents that. Simply put, Paymon's serves some of the worst and most overpriced hookah in the city. It's actually appalling how bad it is, given the quality of nearly everything else about the establishment. First, Paymon's uses molasses, an extremely inferior alternative to sheesh a tobacco. Flavors are weaker, and the amount of smoke produced is pathetic. This goes hand in hand with absolutely mind-boggling decision to use instant lighting charcoals. The charcoals are of very, very low quality and burn out easy, which is why Paymon's uses a metal cover to insulate the heat of the coal, a practice that typically results in burning the bowl. The ultimate kick in the groin is that despite using coals that are low quality and burn out quickly, additional coals are NOT free, when practically every other hookah lounge will give you at least 2-3 coal refills, if not more on request. Overall, despite the ambiance and food menu, the lounge is definitely not worth it if you were expecting a good hookah experience. Stick to the cafe.
5	This is the probably about the 6th time we have been to Paymon's. My wife and I love the folded gyro and we always order the large order of fries to share. They give you a good portion of lamb in the Gyro and the seasoning on the fries are great! Tip: If you love the fries you can buy the seasoning there also. Honestly I can only comment on the above order cause we love it so much but I have heard good things about the entire menu.This is our favorite place to go for Mediterranean food but if you have another suggestion please let me know.Thanks again and happy eating!Ernie
5	Hands-down the best Greek food in all of Las Vegas.  I love their hummus and vegetarian items so much, I used them to cater my wedding party.  Great if you are walking from the University on lunch break as well.  My not be the cheapest in town, but the price is justified by the quality of the food.
4	Very friendly staff and nice atmosphere. Prices right on. Service was swift. Will come back. Haven't found a replacement for my favorite stuffed grape leaves (these were ok, but just ok). I'll be stocking up at the farmer's market next Friday.Everything else was fantastic. Glad my fellow Yelpers helped me find this place. I've driven by a million times and never knew it was here. Will bring my husband back for a full dinner.
4	We stopped here last Friday night.  As we entered, the main dining area was a bit 'disappointing' and blah.  The Host/Greeter asked if we wanted to eat there or "mumbled something", I said, 'excuse me?'....Still couldn't understand what the 'other' choice was, so just said, "show me".  He guided us out to a little cozy, long narrow dining area, very nice.  Why they don't 'jazz' up that big blah dining area puzzles me, but hey, maybe they don't need atmosphere for the entire place?Ok, on to the food.  We had a wonderful cucumber/yogurt soup...a very refreshing, summer type treat. Next was a hummus plate and an eggplant dip (I can't remember what that was called).  The hummus delish... the eggplant dip had a smokey flavor..1st bite good, 2nd bit kinda good, 3rd bite I thought I was eating a cigarette butt..kakk :0P  not for me, toooo smokey.I am sorry to say I don't remember what the name of the meat was that we ordered, but it was like a ground loaf patty and triangle cut, very tasty.  So, I liked most of the meal.  We enjoyed a wonderful Turkish coffee to end our experience. All in all, we really liked this place and look forward to another visit to try some other choices on the menu.
4	Those Athens fries are the REAL DEAL. I would just come here to eat fries actually and wouldn't have a problem with it. --So I HIGHLY recommend coming here. Oh and also they have hookah right next door if you're interested ;) Why not?I had a nice safe choice--a gyro. Great tasting lamb meat and not overdone with the mixture of spices and sauce. (I'm also noting that the last time I had a gyro it was a crappy food truck one in SF) so Yes. It's legit here.
2	I was so disappointed when we took out of town friends to one of our favorite restaurants and it was a lackluster experience for all.  The server found us after about 10 minutes, the cocktails were more like moonshine, and the spicy chicken curry (which we've had many times) was awful.  It was more like two cups of spicy seasoning was added instead of a proper amount.  The server didn't even offer to replace it for one of the guests who couldn't eat it.  My hubby (the spice lover) painfully choked it down.  The only reason I'm giving two stars for our last experience is for the ambiance and the Athens fries. We'll stick with W. Sahara.
5	Good food. I visited them for the first time a 2 weeks ago for a business meeting. I'm so glad I did. They had been on my mind ever since. The Beef Kubidie is awesome!!! The best I've had. The chicken and Lamb dish were good but have had better.
4	Very good falafel plate.Yes what everybody else said--  Athens fries r greatExcellent latte, too!
5	Been going here for years, so I thought I would finally give a review.  Try their babaganoush.  It's really good and comes with really good pita bread.  I always have the falafel with a side of athens fries.  It's been a Las Vegas staple, so you should definitely check it out.
5	Love this place! It's been too long since I have been there. Met a friend for lunch. We shared an appetizer platter and each ordered a kabob meal. Portions are so generous that we could have stopped at the appetizer plate! I loved everything we ate! The server even have us to go cups for our drinks! Bonus is I have lots of leftovers for later!
3	I don't think this place tries hard enough, yes it is popular; but the food is adequite at best.  the service is adequite, at best.   the foodis fair, I just think they don't try hard enough to be GREAT... I think they rest on on thier history and  location. I have had better meals.
4	Love this place for a nice date or small gathering of friends. The food is tastey, the setting a little on the intimate side. The food can also be served on the hookah lounge. All together it's an inspired take on Mediterranean cuisine and has a neat energy to it.
4	A great place to wind down your week if you're not in the mood to do anything crazy. Excellent place for date-night (and you'll witness the validity of that statement on your next visit by all the other couples lounging around) My wife and I have been going here at least a couple times a month for the last year or so. I'm not crazy about the food selection, although that is not primarily why I go here in the first place. I smoke a mixture they have called "The Thief," which is one of the tastiest flavors I've ever had while smoking hookah, and I have been know to grab a smoke here and there for the last 12 years or so when smoking hookah wasn't "the cool thing to do" as it come to be.On that note, Paymon's has been one of the first players in Las Vegas to have a hookah lounge. They've been around for 10 years plus I would guess.Try to go on a night where the Salvadorian guy (forgot his name) is working; he really knows how to take care of people and is great with the hookah. This place is really relaxing, the drinks are tasty, and the quality of music that creates the vibe is hard to come by anywhere else.
4	This is right by UNLV which is a great place for after classes or work to wind down! It's located in a plaza on the south west corner of Flamingo and S. Maryland Pkwy.My favorite is their fries! I love just coming and hanging out with friends after a long day for some fries and beers. It's seasoned perfectly and delicious and definitely something I get every time I go to either Paymon's locations.Another item I got was their fried calamari, which was surprisingly pretty good as well. It was seasoned perfectly the couple of times I got them, but it's just your average calamari.The broiled ground beef kabob is delicious, it just left my mouth watering for more and I would always try to eat it all in one sitting, but end up taking some of it home for a snack later which still tastes amazing! It's never overly cooked and always seasoned well and has a savory taste to it. A safe choice always is their gyro platter or sandwich, it's just a typical gyro and isn't too special, but if you're unsure what you want it's always a good back up plan!When they have the all you can eat pasta, it's a always a great deal especially when you're with friends and are unsure what to eat for dinner that night. You might as well! Overall it's one of my favorite places for mediterranean and one of the top contenders for best in town. I haven't been to another place that's as good as they are yet, but I'm looking!
2	I used to love this place since it is really close to my house and food is really good. I normally went there after work and asked to go. I never waited more than 5minutes what is amazing after a long day at work. But today I had a really bad experience. I decided to pay with card and the hostess added 15% tip on my tab what I haven't ad, I just signed my paper. I felt betrayed cuz she didn't even had to give me the menu and not even offered me a water so I don't think she deserved a tip. I don't think I will ever go back there. Is too bad when you can't trust a place and just can pay with cash so ppl to do this to you.
2	Stay away if you have issues with smoke!Every time I eat at Paymons I have an allergy/asthma attack. I eat Mediterranean all the time, so it's not the cuisine. I think it is the open doorways between the restaurant, breezeway, and lounge. Smoke does come in, even though it is mitigated. Even my very healthy husband was coughing by the end.Otherwise the food is average quality. The hummus is a tad bitter. And they've switched from a good pita to one that is far lower quality. Positives would be the high number of vegan and gluten free options. Prices are also moderate/reasonable.
5	This place did it for me! I really enjoyed the shawarma, kabobs and hummus. Loved the ambience in this place and the different rooms you can dine in depending on your mood. It was reasonably priced and delicious. I sat in the atrium room which had a lounge outdoor setting with all the trimmings of a water fountain for background noise and great artwork on the walls. The interesting thing about this restaurant is that it is a hidden gem tucked away inside a strip mall. From the outside I probably would of been sketchy but once your inside it's a gold mine I recommend this place to anyone looking for some great food and atmosphere.
1	I've always been a fan and supporter of this place but that ended tonight. The employee who took our order needed to hand us off since she didn't know the menu. Got home with our $14 salads and NO DRESSING. When I returned she first blamed the chefs and then rolled her eyes and said "what do you want me to do? You wanna speak to the manager or something." Sorry Paymons, as long as she's your front facing f up, I'm out.
4	Love it here! The lamb is flipping awesome! The spicy fries are pretty darn good as well. We almost always have tea here, and it is very good. There is a hooka lounge here as well, so you can sit with friends and have a puff and a cocktail after dinner or before. I am pretty sure they have a locals night as well, some percentage off your bill or something.The decor is nice, a bit dark, but it does have more of a lounge feel..However, I must say I have been to the restroom here 2 times on different nights and oh man, not the best smelling bathroom.. uugghhhh
1	yelp should have 0 or - feedback system, I would have gave this place -10. The worst food and service I have ever had. Lets make it clear this is resraurant owned by a Persian guy and yet he does not know how to make his own food, how the hell are you going to maintain the rest of the stuff that are none Persian.A) I waited 25 minutes for my food with nothing on my table!!! When you eat Persian food as soon as you get in they will need to bring you warm bread with butter with mixed vegtables and onion this is a must at the table. After getting deinks Then the server needs to ask you if you would need any salad, yougurt mix (cucumber or shallot) and then get your order. Kind of like how they bring you tortilla chips at Mexican food before you wait for your food.After a long wait and my moms complain to Anthony the food came, I dont know what word to use but it was garbage and I mean litterly garbage. Tasteless, spiceless crab with premium pricing.My sister only ate the salad from her koobideb friends order was supposet to have white rice but it came with a garbage brownish mixed rice so they brought him another plate of white rice also servers learn your job chicken is always served with lemon on the plateand make sure it is not burned. My trio had dried, seasonless koobideh with burned chicken along with half cooked koobideh.And the combination plate was another disaster, flavorless tastless stuff. We didnt eat a good portion of the food my mom said its not nice to be wastefull so she brought the food back for our little dog coco and guess what even coco did not eat the food she only ate the meats lol.I found this place by doing a google search and they had two locations so I figured it must be good, oh boy I was mistaken. A note to everyone going here, if you are eating here you do not know what kabob should taste like and keep in my you are eating the worst kind possible. So do your self and your body a favor and go elsewhere
4	Great service. they bent over backwards to make us happy. The hummus is a must and the anthens fries are so good!! Drink menu is great. Food came out quickly.
3	Very good food...BUT......seems to be not so clean...dirty silverware and just has that smell and feel of a typical Vegas employees that are "less than sanitary"....food was good but just seems to be a chance of getting something you did not want.
3	I love Greek food! Unfortunately, Paymon's is average or slightly below average in quality. I stopped by for lunch around noon. There was a party of 12 in front of us, so it took the hostess about 5 minutes to greet or acknowledge us. Not too bad.I ordered a pita gyro, Athens fries, falafel as an appetizer, coffee, and  baklava for dessert. The good:Athens fries. Fresh hot and excellent seasoning. Coffee. Very hot and smooth.Falafel. Two people in my party had never tried falafel, but really liked Paymon's take. Excellent.The bad:The gyro. This was my main course and the worst part of my meal. The meat was heaping, but was cold and unappetizing. It must have been sitting a very long time before being served. I came here for a good gyro and was unhappy with the fare.Do yourself a favor and drive a block away to Stephano's across the street from UNLV. The gyros at Stephano's are superior.
5	I absolutely LOVE Paymon's. I've been coming here for years, and plan to come back for many years to come.The food is great, the drink selection is good, and they have really good hookah. :)My favorite thing to do is to go to the hookah lounge with my laptop, order a hookah, a gyro salad, and a glass of wine, and just write my heart out.  Best hummus in Vegas, in my opinion (since my little Israeli place shut down a few years ago).I've always had good service here, especially in the hookah lounge.  The staff are always very polite and very helpful.  :)
1	I go out never expecting much from anywhere but this place couldn't even meet bare minimum requirements.
5	First time here and I'm impressed! Portions are ENORMOUS! Food quality is great! Will definitely come back to try the rest of the menu!
4	I'm very indecisive on what to eat so I ended up here because they serve all kinds of Mediterranean food. We started off with calamari and Athens fries. I like both but calamari was a tad over cooked. For our entrees we ordered the kabob trio of chicken, lamb, and beef and angel hair bolognese. My son settled for chicken strips and fries. Everything came out almost at the same time so we scuffed down the calamari to make space on the table. food was good and huge portions. Definitely bring your appetite. I really wanted dessert but there was no way. I was too full. From hostess, waitress and busser. It was all around friendly service and deliciously huge portions of food.
5	REALLY good food here. Off the strip, away from the hustle and bustle.  Looks like a shotty plaza but really relaxing environment; has 3 seating areas: dining room, courtyard and hookah lounge. Really friendly staff that's not too overbearing. Tasty food and large portions. Great experience, serene environment. Hookah bar is niccceeee, beautiful decor and no crap ashy tobacco, really well mixed martinis.
4	Food is great, service is good and ambiance is non existent but if you want great Med food, give this place a chance.
1	I would rate this less than a one star if I could. It took twenty minutes to even get a glass of water. By the time our first drinks hit the table, thirty minutes later, happy hour was over - the whole reason I came here to begin with. When our server, julie, finally came back to our table I asked if we could get another happy hour round due to the slow service. Her response verbatim to my request "well, we've been busy". Then she disappeared. Not only did she never come back with the drinks, she refused to make eye contact or service again until we spoke with the hookah guy, Jamie, about it. She came back over with the bill and said I could have a coupon for a fee drink next time. What am I going to do with a coupon to a place that I never plan to visit again??? Hilarious! I asked if we were going to get our round. She said she was not aware that I wanted one - I guess me bringing it up was not good enough. I canceled the drink order. I will finish up the night somewhere else. I gave this place a second chance, but have experienced he poor service twice. Never again.
5	I was at paymons again last night. I have been going there since I moved here seven years ago, but never wrote a review. I keep coming back for the rich tasting food and the clever ambiance of both the lounge and the patio-like area. Last night I was reminded of the superb service that is seamless and friendly as to be natural and look easy. I am always treated well, and last night Brian the hookah guy and the lovely Julia attended me at the bar. She made me a Bloody Mary with paymons spices and it was just as savory and spicy the way I ordered it, and consistently delicious. Julia and Brian show their professionalism with regal style and efficiency. I also like the Tabouli with quinoa. It is my favorite salad, but the gyro salad is a close second. The curry they have is also a great take on the dish. I am a curry fan and the unique take on the dish keeps me coming back as I cannot find its equal. I will end with saying thank you to Julia again for that amazing Bloody Mary, her continued efficiency, and her beautiful smile. Of course I will just tell her next time I go in.
5	We love this place. Athens Fries are a must. Get a full order and share between two people. The salads are fresh and crunchy. I usually get Chicken Tandoori and it comes with a healthy dose of rice and vegetables and a chutney for dipping. Occasionally I'll opt for some pasta and every option is delicious. The penne pesto is about $10.95, but you can get the same exact dish for a dollar less off the all you can eat pasta menu. The bolognese is very traditional and hearty, goes perfectly with the spaghetti.My girlfriend always gets a bowl of lentil soup and occasionally the farfalle with  roasted garlic cream sauce or the chicken pita, or marsala. Both are fantastic. The iced tea is thirst quenching and they always seem to know when to top off the glass. End your meal with some robust and sweet Turkish coffee. This is a once-a-week place for us.
1	Learn how to serve people. Mediocre food. Even worse service. DO NOT COME HERE.
4	Neon sign is partially blown out outside.  Located in strip mall, a hidden gem.  Old world decor.  We were greeted immediately when we entered.  Everyone friendly.  Didn't know what to expect.  Food was delicious.  Had spinach pie, greek salad and hubby had gyros/beef and lamb.  Again, delicious.  Service was excellent.  Will return next week.
4	Wow was I proven wrong. After my initial post, the manager reached out to me. I was invited back on the house and have come back multiple times since. Not only did the initial waitress I had challenges with apologize, we have had stellar service experiences since. I have been blown away with the service recovery! I may have to make this my happy hour hot spot.
4	One of my favorite places to go. Service Is lacking. A few times we have waited lengthly amounts of time before someone even gets our drink order. The food makes up for it though. As others have stated. The Athens Fries are SO good! Seasoned yummy goodness, the sauce is amazing too. The hummus is great, and it comes with plenty. All of there pitas are on point as well. You can get them in either the folded pita or pocket. I recommend the folded. They are huge! I have also had the Spinach Pie. Wasn't my favorite. I found it overly soggy and lacking in flavor.  I love that after your finished eating. You can just hop over to the other side for some, after dinner Hookah. Also reasonably priced.
5	Great food. Nice staff. Large portions. Very friendly atmosphere.  Will be back many more times.
5	The Best mediteranian food anywhere! Juicy morsels of Gyro served by the young fledgling waitresses  and seasoned to perfection. The higher prices are worth it given how amazing the food is. They also have choces of the best seasoning selections I have found.
4	Authentic Mediterranean Cuisine with a side of Hookah? DONE! I ordered a lamb kabob and it was soooo good. It was cooked to a nice med-rare, the flavor was good, and the char from the grill was perfect. The rice and hummus were a score as well. It is a great place to take a group of friends and just relax after a long day at work!
5	Two words...Athens Fries!!!  I've visited this restaurant on 3 separate trips to Vegas and I've never been disappointed.  Buy some of the Athens Fries seasoning at the restaurant and use it to make your own at home!
1	This is the worst out of the two. The service is awful and extremely slow and the hookah is crap and it doesn't smoke. I love the Paymons on Sahara much better the staff are nice and attentive. Take the drive to Sahara for that Paymons it will be worth your while .
5	4 different dishes all from different cultures done in perfection is a sign of an amazing place and chef!!! Sooo much good food :) we were visiting and found this place of yelp and it was great choice
4	Kabobs trio Rocks!
4	We visited in June on an afternoon that reached 117 degrees. We were promptly greeted and asked if we wanted to eat in the dining room or the atrium? We didn't quite know what they meant by "atrium", but we're adventurous, so that's what we chose. It's a dining area that looks like it was between 2 buildings and they enclosed it overhead with glass. There was a door to the kitchen and a door to the hookah lounge which was the building "next door". The decor is kind of dated looking, but what pleased me so much was I got to enjoy the feeling of dining al fresco without melting in the heat!We ordered the flaming saganaki, a very salty super oily delish cheese that is lit on fire to crust the top. It was very good and I felt like there was enough of the warm pita slices served with it. Sometimes I feel places skimp. We also ordered Athens fries. They were super seasoned and I wish I had more room in my tummy to stuff them all in! Loved them! My husband and I both ordered the gyros. The meat was perfectly seasoned, the tomato and onion were very fresh and crisp, and I thought the tzatziki was perfectly tangy and plentiful. They make their pitas every day. The gyro was HUGE! And I stuffed myself. I'm talking sauce all over my face and contented noises coming out of me!The kicker for me was we told the server where we were from and compared our fav Greek place in Denver to Paymon's, which proved to be much better. After a pleasant quick conversation he went for our check and came out with 2 slices of baklava, packaged to go (no styrofoam!), on the house. While my husband doesn't like baklava, both of us were charmed. I love places that know how to create loyal patrons who spread the word!!!!  We will definitely return!
4	I came to paymon's for the first time with two girlfriends. Both of my girlfriends eat at paymon's frequently and suggested that we go there before a concert and have dinner. When I got there we had a table and the waitress was nice. We ordered the combination plater and a side of athens fries. The food was absolutely amazing. Hummus, pita, stuffed grape leaves, cucumber yogurt dip,  and more came with this plater. Paymon's has various different food choices and anyone can enjoy eating there.  I plan on eating there again and I would recommend paymon's to anyone.
2	Came here on a sunday afternoon.Only 3-4 people in there. Got the gyro plate and was not impressed. It just wasn't very appetizing.If you want something to fill your stomach when you are drunk, this might do it as there was a good amount of food on my plate.
5	Love it!  It's been years since I've been here and the experience was far better than my memory.  Anthony is a super server and Chris was an engaging and knowledgeable manager.  My gf had the sampler platter and I had the beef kabob and a local IPA (Joseph James Brewing).  Loved every moment.
5	I've been going here for years normally to the hookah part of the building, but recently I got my husband to try Paymons's for dinner.They have a great atrium that connects the hookah lounge and the restaurant itself. It has a beautiful fountain and tons of plants and trees. It's just like your eating outside. If you go into the hookah area of Paymon's it is very dimly lit with lots of plush seating. Since it was happy hour (starts at 5pm) I went to the bar and ordered us a couple of drinks. I choose the Lychee Martini and Joel had a Mai Tai. Both drinks were very tasty and mixed perfectly. Not to mention excellently priced due to happy hour!As far as food goes we shared both the Athens Fries and the Baba Ganoush which came with warm pitas. We both loved the sauce that came with the Athens Fries. Don't be afraid to try the Baba Ganoush. Even if you don't like eggplant, you really might like this. It's like hummus, but better! I also asked for some cucumbers to use in the Baba Ganoush. We also both ordered the standard gyro with lamb and beef. I loooove the taziki sauce that comes in the gyro. I could totally slather that all over the whole thing!! The meat was garlicky and had great flavor and the pita did not fall all apart when I picked it up. Service was beyond wonderful. They were very attentive and always kept our water glasses filled. The bartender even was nice enough to bring our drinks out to us in the atrium. What a great experience! Great food, wonderful atmosphere, tasty drinks and a supurb staff! When you are craving Mediterranean food make sure you check out Paymon's!
1	I read the reviews and I thought to go there with my family. We were 8 people and they put us in a tight table. Service was prompt and they brought the appetizer soon enough. It was ok but not great. We tried the combo plate. It did take longer than usual to bring the entree. We had ordered the kobideh, chicken kabob and steak salad. The food was awful. The only thing barely eatable was the kobideh. Oh my God, this was as bad as Persian food as I have had. Everyone else in the party felt the same way. Service was good and the prices were ok, but not for the food they served.
2	We've been coming to the hookah lounge for a few years and the service has steadily been decreasing. We continue to come back because of the few employees who have been here since the beginning (who are great) and the great happy hour prices. One person who has been a big part of the decrease in the customer service is the bar manager...at best her service is mediocre. She is rude, doesn't like checking on tables, and is more concerned about feeding her friends free shots at the bar and talking to them. It shouldn't take 30 plus minutes to check back on a table, especially on a slow night. Hopefully they will pull it together because the food and drink specials are great here.
3	I was surprised to experience the food at this place after having seen such high yelp reviews. Maybe I'm spoiled where I come from, but the falafel sandwich I had at Paymon's was fine. The service was average as well. That's one thing that's missing in Vegas is a great falafel place. Well, maybe I just didn't look in the right places.
1	Our family was a group of 7 on this trip. We went to this place because we are Persian and wanted to have some good Persian food. What a shame! I couldn't even tell what  cuisine they really serve! The menu had Italian, Greek,  Persian and Lebanese  items on it so I wasn't sure what meal was gonna work best. I ordered the "koobideh" since they named it the Persian way and expected it to be a Persian kabob plate. What I received was a "non cooked at all" Arabic kabob. I wish it looked as good as some Arabic kabobs! It clearly had no resemblance to Persian kabobs and was so pink I got sick looking at it.  As I'm pregnant I had to send the food back to cook my kabobs longer. Our server could not be found for 10 minutes so my husband went to their kitchen to find someone and we were told they will remake mine and send it back. I waited for 25 minutes while our family ate their mediocre food. We received the bill and I asked the server to either cancel my food or pack it to go. She had no idea where my food was or anything. She brought a food back with her and gave it to me with no bag or silverware. We asked them to call a cab for us and she said: please wait outside for your cab. This is in Las Vegas! In the heat! Not welcoming at all. Don't go there if you want good food and a knowledgable server that can explain your options to you.
2	I wanted to give this restaurant a better rating, as the food I ordered was good especially the lentil soup! The problem was the bread was not very fresh, and my suspicions were confirmed when some was sent home with us, and it molded 2 days later even after being kept in a sealed zip lock container.The part that really set me off was the service we received. We tipped well, but we were treated poorly for no reason at all. We came here to kill some time before an appointment we had, and at the end when we were all finished I was asked if we needed anything else, and I mentioned just the check. We ended up waiting about 10-15 minutes after that to receive the check, with our waiter no where to be found.I got up, and walked around looking for the waiter, with no luck. I looked through the window in the door, and had seen one of the waiters doing their nails in the back (with the same color hair and type), but I wasn't exactly sure it was her because I didn't think our waiter would be that rude.Sure enough when our waiter came out about 10 minutes after that, her nails were shiny freshly done, and that's when I knew it was her. I'm not sure why she seemed to be so offended when I asked for the check, but that has never happened to me before. Like I said, we still even left her at least a 20% tip, but I don't think we will be coming back any time soon.
4	This was my first time experiencing this type of food. My boss is a frequent food connoisseur and ordered great food. She chose the combination Platter and a Gyros Salad all of which we shared. The combination platter came with hummus, tabuli, stuffed grape leaves, falafel, yogurt-cucumber dip, baba ganosh and athens fries. All of them were amazing!!! So exciting! The athens fries were delicious. I absolutely love myself some fries and these were incredible. All of this was pretty new to me and I certainly enjoyed the variety. The salad included fresh vegetables, Greek dressing, gyros meat and tzatziki sauce on a large bed of greens with Greek olives. This was my first time having gyros meat and I would definitely go for it again! The atmosphere was so cute! It was very comfortable and I enjoyed sitting out by the fountain. It made our experience that much better. Such a quaint little place!
4	The ambiance in this tiny place is so adorable, on that lil patio that is kinda in between what looks like a main dining room and a hookah lounge.  I came to eat with a friend who'd been craving Mediterranean food. I was so shocked that this spot was still open, after 10PM. They have a full bar and a nice lil hookah bar.  The food is bomb and the service comes with a smile.  I can't remember our server's name but he was so nice.  He described how the dishes were prepared and let me know that it was possible to make lil changes if necessary.  Their lentil soup was so good. I think it might have been the best that I have ever had.  This one had what seemed like a cotija cheese on top.  That made it so delish.  I know that lentil soup isn't all that exciting but let me tell you, esp coming from someone who doesn't like lentils all too much, this lentil soup is fab!!! I'd come here just for that and the warm pita!! The schwarma plate is huge. Sorry I'm sure I didn't spell that correctly. Anyways, the portions are large and really could feed 2 people.  The prices are right and they are not shy about refills on drinks and things. Awesome. I can't wait to bring some friends here, when they are in the mood for something other than a buffet or pho on spring mountain. haha. Oh and before I forget to mention, they even have an all you can eat pasta option for about $10. Good deals.
4	Came here for lunch today around 1pm, not very busy.I ordered tilapia florentine that "Seasoned tilapia filet sauteed with artichoke hearts and mushrooms. Served with angel hair pasta and topped with our lemon-butter sauce over a bed of spinach sauteed in fresh garlic and olive oil" The fish is very fresh and decent size, veggies are also delicious. I can not finish the whole plate.My friend had eggplant pita and she likes the eggplant a lot.The waiter is very gentle and nice service.We spent less than 45mins for the whole lunch. Very full.
4	After 3 years of living in Vegas I finally made it to Paymon's. It's a little pricey for lunch, but I was able to get in and out quickly, service was a little slow to start but once I had their attention I was taken care of, and I found it to be a nice change of pace from my usual lunch routine. But all of that aside...if you come here the Athens Fries are an absolute must order item. I have never had anything like them, and I didn't leave a single one behind. I ate them all and had no regrets about it. Not a one. I intend to go back and try more of their menu items but my first experience had me wondering why I waited to long to try them. As I look at my experience and compare it to what others have wrote...those 4 and 5 star reviews are definitely legitimate. 4 Stars...they made one heck of a good first impression on me!
2	Their Hookah Lounge is good, and knows how to make a good bowl. But the food here is terrible! I have never been to Paymon's (9 times) and had a decent meal!  Paymon's is one of the worst attempts at Mediterranean cuisine. The food tastes bad and their prices are crazy high, considering their dishes are usually soaking in oil and empty. 2 stars for the lounge and the server was friendly. Even he agreed that the what we got was unacceptable and he couldn't do anything because the manager was on break?
3	This used to be one of my favorite places to eat, but they've cut costs in the kitchen, sacrificing quality.
5	By far the best I have had anywhere! Everything from the  grape leaves to hummus and lean is awesome and that is just for appitizers! I had the kibble and it is cooked to perfection. My grandmother is Lebanese and it is on part with her perfection of cooking. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for middle eastern food in vegas!
2	We used to frequent this location, the last few times we have gone on customer appreciation day (25% off) and the service and food have been less than stellar. We ordered chicken gyros and they were dry-- when we asked the waitress for extra tzaziki sauce she had a blatant attitude-- we didn't even mention the food being dry. I was extra disappointed because my mother was in town and I was so excited to bring her to Paymons. Another time I ordered a cup of their AMMAAAAZING lentil soup, the waiter brought me a bowl of it, which he insisted I ordered instead of the cup. We waited and waited for refills and our bill. As stated above we used to come here all the time but the last few disappointing experiences have deterred me from returning.
5	Such a great place to eat there food is awesome! !! Tammy c... has been are server 3 out of 4 times she is the best and they all work as a team...love this place. ..
5	Service was fast and everything we ordered was great. We had a group of four and ordered the combination platter as an appetizer and it was definitely more than enough food for an appetizer. I ordered the quinoa tabouli and it was absolutely great, and there was so much food for such a great price.
4	Great! Although not all menu items are always available.we were craving Kibi but they were out! Amazing hummus.
5	First time I have been to Paymon's - the food was AMAZING! We had an appetizer platter, and greek salad. Servings were very generous, prices extremely reasonable. Service was great - super fast. Everyone was very nice. I was pleasantly surprised and will be going back.
3	We were in the area and decided to grab a bite to eat here. On Weds, 5-9 they do customer appreciation with 25% off your entire bill. I didn't know that, just went on the day by chance! The fiance and I shared several things. Cold cucumber yogurt soup - the serving was good and it was nice and cooling. It wasn't very cucumber-y though still decent. I liked the crushed nuts and raisins in it. Koobideh plate- it was a bit dry, but the seasoning was pleasant on it. If only it wasnt overcooked it would have been tasty town. Rice, grilled tomato pepper and salad were standard, but good. Combination platter - the hummus I liked a lot, tsatziki and tabouli was good, the babaganoush was a bit too smokey, stuffed grape leaves were standard, their falafel was really crispy if you like it that way and their fries had a pretty yummy seasoning on them and were crisp yet soft inside still.The portions were really generous. The koobideh came with twice was much meat as most places. Overall I enjoyed the food here even though there were a few execution misses, but I would eat here again. I used to go to the Sahara location quite a bit when I first moved to Vegas, but it's been a minute.The thing that made the experience a bit less was the service. I'm a pretty forgiving judge on servers, but we didn't get drink refills and our server was often not in the dining room to flag down. I got a to-go box from a busser. When we asked for the check, she went to check out on other tables, took a table behind us order and then realized she didn't bring it and went to get it. We were gonna pay with card, but realized she wasn't anywhere again so we just paid with cash between us so we can go. I can wait for food, but when I'm trying to leave is the only time I get a bit impatient with being held hostage. The experience is exactly 3 stars, pretty middle of the road. I may try it again though at the Sahara location as I'm rarely ever down here.
5	My husband and I go here every year. The food is amazing . I had grilled salmon and my husband had steak kabob. The taste of the salmon was amazing and the steak kabob was so tender. Service and atmosphere was great. A must to visit and enjoy
4	Come here every time we come to Vegas! Every thing I've had has been amazing. From the chicken Marsala to the chicken pita! Had the kabobs last visit and man was it good! They have these awesome seasoned fries with dipping sauce that are so good. Wish I had more room in my belly.
5	This place is fantastic especially for large gatherings like Birthdays or get togethers. The waiters and waitress are very swift and make sure you have the best possible experience. I recommend going for Dinner here because the ambiance is absolutely breath taking. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants so far.
4	Love the freshness of the food. Am never disappointed. Always enjoy my meal. Love the kabobs and the fries are a must. Wish there was a better hookah selection that lasted longer... But still an overall good experience every time :)
4	This is a great late night option. Open till 1am 7 days a week. They've been around for years so they're doing something right. If you can get a seat in the lounge, the atmosphere is nice, so that's the way to go. You can still eat there even if you are not smoking hookah. Everything I have ever ordered is very good and consistent. The staff is always on top of it and friendly. The Greek salad is my choice if it's late at night. The salad is huge but not too heavy. Come check them out!
2	Paymon's needs to condense their menu and focus more on the food they are putting out. I ended up here because Stephano's my go to Greek restaurant was closed. The atmosphere at Paymon's is so dark and dungeon like. I looked over the menu and saw that in addition to having standard Greek fare they also had Indian and Italian food which made me question the authenticity of the food. I started with a regular hummus and for my entree I chose the gyros plate. The hummus was slightly bitter but had a smooth consistency. I could tell the pita bread was low quality and store bought because it tasted like cardboard and had a spongey texture. This was the most unauthentic pita bread I have ever had at a Greek restaurant. The gyros plate looked sloppy and did not taste freshly made. Later on, I found out from the manager that the gyros comes frozen. I was not at all surprised because the texture and taste reflected meat that has been previously frozen. I hope the owners look into improving the quality of their gyros and either make it in house or find a local supplier because anyone that has had authentic/high quality Greek food will not want to eat here.
3	While my first visit to Paymon's was awesome, my second time around wasn't so hot. Service or the lack thereof ruined the day. I was looking forward to the Athens fries again...but when they arrived on my table as an afterthought and only when I brought up their absence to the server when I finally caught her attention...and they arrived lukewarm at that...yeah...I'm not happy about that at all. I'm a spice junkie and Paymon's is a place that can give me the spice fix I crave. But when you're paying as much as they charge...it's not too much to ask to get hot food in a timely manner, and not have to wait forever to get your check. 3 Stars...I hope your experience is better than mine was.
5	Great food and service. The waiter was really nice and offered substituting sides to our need, you don't find that kind of service at many restaurants nowadays, other places try to up sell other sides to increase your bill. Will go back soon.
5	I've had the falafel sandwich here and I love it. It's huge and I always get it with a side of Athens fries. The service here has always been really good. I've eaten here a bunch of times and will go back many more!
2	Great food! The food is really good but the hookahs suck!! We had to call the waiter over 15 times to fix our hookah and it was very unenjoyable. Maybe I would eat here in the future but I will never smoke here again.
2	Food is great but the hookah was very disappointing. I have  been here a few times and enjoyed the place a lot. After bragging about it to my friends we all decided to go and we were extremely disappointed. The waiter came back maybe 10 times to fix our hookah and every time was worse. We always get the same flavor but this time it was way too strong and sometimes way too lite after just a few min. Of smoking it. It gave us all stomach aches too. Again the food was amazing but not so much the hookah.
4	Here's an LV best kept secret!! This little gem was AWESOME!! The gyro plate was OUTSTANDING! Those Greek fries were DEE'LISH! Everything else that was ordered was equally outstanding! Service was great and definitely a go to spot again!!!
5	Awesome ambience, good music, awesome food, great service, and did I already mention how awesome the food is? We ordered the gyros platter, athen's fries, eggplant panini, and mozzarella cheese sticks. They have a decent to large serving of food that I had to share mine. The beef and lamb of the gyros plate was heavenly soft and flavorful. I love how they seasoned their athens fries and the dip was yummy too. The fries alone will make me come again.My friend also introduced me to hookah here. It was nice and it smells really good.
5	My salad was just terrible for the first time in this place. I was very disappointed. The ambiance, however, is always great. My night can't be ruined with staff like this.  Manager Julia was the problem solver I expected. She is as smart as she is pretty. Nikki was as good as the apple tiny she was wonderful. Jaime is the best hookah master. You must come!!!  These people know what service means and are only there to make your night better.
3	I have been a patron for years, but I think I'm done.  The food here is great, but the service is lousy.
1	Horrible service. Uncomfortable seats. Supervisor very rude. Not a good experience. Will definitely not go there anymore.
5	Paymons..... Oh how much I love you! Have been coming to both of their locations for years now and am finally 21... Their happy hour is phenomenal as well as the staff. I have never had a disappointing experience whatsoever.... And my food has always been amazing! I love you!
4	Really outstanding and correctly named. The menu has a great selection of Greek, Italian, Middle Eastern, and North African dishes. Normally a large menu makes me skeptical, but somehow these folks manage to never disappoint.The portions are quite large, so be aware of that as you attempt to choose just one or two items from their comprehensive and well-executed menu.
5	The best persian food in Vegas. Don't waste your time with Zaytoon or Caspian this place is the best. Koobideh, dolmas, hummus, fries, you name it. They also have some good arab food. Service is excellent and you always feel welcome eating at Paymon's. I bring my Persian family here when they are in town and they never disappoint.
5	Great place to stop in for a healthy mediterranean meal.  Fairly priced with good service.  I had the steak kabob and it was tasty and juicy.  PRO TIP: Wednesdays = 25% off entire bill for customer appreciation day!
5	Came here with our Marketing Team and had the best experience! Our waiter, Anthony, was amazing. Not only was he completely knowledgable about the food, but he was quick, efficient, and extremely nice and professional.  The food was superb. I had the Gyro Pita and was thoroughly impressed. We also had the Combo Platter. The falafel in the platter was delicious. I tried all of the sauces and my favorite was the Greek yogurt sauce. Yum! Would definitely recommend trying this place out. They have a hookah bar connected but didn't get to check that out. I'll be back though!
4	The food and atmosphere was perfect. The hookah blends were smooth and flavorful, especially the French Toast and Lemon drop mix. The kabobs were great, especially the ground beef.. A must stop every visit to Vegas.
2	This is one of my favorite places but tonight with a near empty restaurant the server kept asking me if I was ready to go home. I sometimes could not answer with food in my mouth but it became so annoying that I don't know if I'll be back. I'll just order to go.What happened to the good servers?
5	This is one of my favorite places! I love the atmosphere and the food! Denise is a great server and so is Carissa. They always get my order right since I am one of those particular orders. I love the Greek salad and chicken Marsala. I have to eat here every month or I go into a craving mode. They also have a baby changer in the bathroom which is helpful when you have kids. You would be surprised how many places don't have baby changing stations. The only thing I'm not crazy about is the neighborhood. I wish they would have another location in Henderson!! Overall this place makes my taste buds happy and I'm a fan!
5	Great food, relaxed atmosphere and cheerful staff that are attentive. The curried chicken was yummy!!
5	The hummus, falafel and eggplant panini were amazing. Service was quick and waiters were very courteous. Definitely will come back again!
1	I wish it had negative stars!!! Ugly waitress! Horrible service! Horrible place to be at! Stay away from it! Won't believe me?! Try it!
4	Great ground lamb kabob and Mediterranean rice.  The food is authentic and great for price. Service was a bit slow, but we came at a time when the rush started.  Casual dining but fantastic food
5	Outstanding food very affordable and a great atmosphere.  I had the Gyro it's a must try... Also try the Greek fries.
5	Love everything about this place, good decor, food, ambrosia hookah is the best! Happy hour is also a good time to go, 4-7pm! I will come here often!
