5	Going to review on behalf of my boss who had me take care of his car repair while he was on a business trip (Yes, I have that glamorous of a job - be jealous). My boss was afraid the transmission was going out in his truck and it was driving a bit rough when I drove it to Oren. Oren's is a bit hard to find - he's in a block of businesses with a bunch of car repair places and there were a LOT of cars in the parking lot.  Oren himself came to greeted to me as I wandered around looking confused - he was very understanding when we spoke on the phone and when we spoke in person as I tried to explain my exerience with the truck and relay my boss' experience with it. This is not a corporate car repair center with a huge lobby - this is a mechanic who loves what he does and who charges reasonable prices. Best of all, he's honest. It turns out it wasn't a transmission problem at all, it was something much simpler and easier to fix. For all the headache my boss (and me by extension because I'm the one taking care of the details) has gone through with his truck at the dealership auto repair places it was nice to deal with a local business which was honest and reasonably priced.
5	I found myself with an overheated car late on a Sunday night so instead of driving back to L.A. I had to spent the night researching Vegas mechanics and decided on contacting Oren the next morning to check out my car.  When I called the shop Oren picked up the phone and he was extremely friendly and personable.  When I got my car to his shop Oren himself greeted me in the parking lot and his team began checking out my car immediately.  I was extremely happy with Oren and his team and if I ever have car troubles in Vegas again I will be contacting him, no doubt.FYI...The address showing on yelp off Rainbow is outdated.  His shop is now located (@4375 Reno) in a business center off Arville near Tropicana.  You can see the Orleans casino when you are in the parking lot of his shop.
1	Brought my car in. Oren wanted to work on other things besides what was wrong with the car to get the most money out of me. Good thing this place is closed & shut down!
5	Called around on a new clutch for my car and Oren's was the best price and when I took my car in the service was great too. As a female I didn't feel as if he was trying to take advantage of me or sell me stuff I didn't need. Very trust worthy. I won't take my care anywhere else.
5	Anytime anything has happened to my vehicles I take it to Oren's. he is fast professional and diagnosis any problem with ease. He is the most honest shop I've found in town and have never had any issues with work that is preformed. I just can't say enough about how great this shop is. I will never go to anyone else.
