1	I WAS a fan of  this place but they have lost all my business! I always put up with their POOR and SLOW not to mention VERY unprofessional service  because  I thought their food was worth it. Now that one of their own employees  told me they don't even buy  organic ingredients! I LOVED this place when they first opened but now This place sucks all the way around and I will never return here again!
5	I am so upset I missed the first review! It was supposed to be me!I had seen this place driving by Scottsdale a few times in recent weeks and though "Oh, place looks cool, gotta stop in sometime"Well, last night my love and I found ourselves in Raw after some light eating at Sushi Brokers 3 doors down. Apparently it was their first day! They have SO many options in the form of foods, juices, and smoothies and if none of those work for you, you go and create your own. I had an acai bowl - pureed acai mixed with coconut yogurt, topped with granola, blueberries, strawberries, and banana. Phenomenal. My love had some sort of smoothie made with carrot juice called a Bunny Spice. She loved it. They originally misheard her and made the wrong smoothie so they gave it to us for free! Lucky for me it was the one I wanted to try (Almond Awe - worth a visit all on its own). At the end of the day, even if I hated the product that Raw offered, the staff was the best I have encountered in years. This is only the second review I've ever written, it takes a lot for me to do this. I will be back many, many times and I highly recommend you try Raw and spread the word as well.
4	I'm so so sooo happy that this place opened up! It's reasonably priced knowing that EVERYTHING is organic! I got the Tuscan chicken wrap and my bf got the miso bowl. And I got the fountain youth smoothie. All very good.
5	Great food and fresh ingredients! The juices are awesome! I tried a few and I loved the tropical beet juice! Friendly staff and very clean and comfortable environment! I would definitely recommend Raw for a great local organic shop!!
5	They're doing something right here.  Delicious smoothies.  Had the Berry Breeze today or I think that's what it was called.  Either way it was really tasty, and made me feel exponentially healthier afterwards.  While I was there, I saw one of the workers making a bowl that looked really fresh! Can't wait to grab one for dinner some time. I know its strange to say, but I couldn't help thinking "ital is vital" while I was there.   I shall report back on my next visit, but so far they've set the bar pretty high.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
5	My Husband and I was vacationing this past week in Scottsdale,AZ.  My husband and I went out to eat three times a day and even ate dessert at  different places. We went into an amazing clean,professional and extremely friendly staff organic fast food restaurant that blew out mind.  The salad bar and food was so delicious, we had the Fiesta Bowl and Tuscan Chicken Wrap and my husband had one of there organic Fountain of Youth Smoothies while I tried there organic Juice Green Orchard.  This concept needs to expand with the same operation and service we experienced in Arizona.  Before leaving on our flight we visited again and it was just phenomenal!Nothing beats eating organic and drinking organic and still having all the flavor you need to feel satisfied.5 STARS to this restaurant!And we sure will be back in June!
1	I have been waiting for this place to open . I went On the first day....  I  created my own smoothie. The gal making it didn't know how to make a smoothie and she kept on asking for help.  My $9 smoothie was nasty and watery.  I didn't want them to feel bad so I said it was good.  I'm sticking with whole foods up the road and their green smoothies are 3 bux cheaper.
5	Bunny spice smoothie delicious! Almond milk, carrot juice, ginger, cinnamon, raw honey. Yum. This was my first of a million visits I'm sure.
5	A friend and I decided to stop into raw in the early afternoon. First, the interior wow'd me.. And after about 10 minutes the almond awe had the same effect. My sweet craving was satisfied with this delicious, and healthy, smoothie. The girl working suggested the orchard green juice to my friend. I got to try some as well and I'm already looking forward to my next visit to Raw to get that! Prices in my opinion were fair for size and quality of the drinks. In hopes of the opening of more organic choice restaurants!
5	This is one of my new favorite spots. I normally eat at chop shop, and there is literally no comparison. The Tuscan Chicken is BOMB.com. I ended my lunch with the Fountain of Youth Smoothie, with spinach added at the recommendation of the lovely girl that works here, and was really impressed. The owner also came over to check on us. All around awesome experience.
4	I got the Fiesta Bowl with quinoa for lunch and it was delicious! It actually reminded me of a much healthier version of a Chipotle veggie burrito bowl. While the food was great, the portion was way too large and no single person should eat that much of anything in one sitting, especially at lunch. Seriously, there was enough quinoa for a family of four. I will definitely be going back to RAW to try some other stuff, however, I wish they would lose the chalkboards and get some menus that are easier to read. The Build Your Own offering is not advertised in the restaurant and had I known they offered that option, I would have built my own bowl. I give the food 4 stars and the ambiance and decor about 2. Glad there are some healthier spots opening in Scottsdale!
5	The Fiesta Bowl was the bomb ! I turned it into a salad :) it was so fresh with generous amounts of fresh avacado, the lime ranch was perfect I'm a total ranch fan so I was impressed  If you like it spicy them ask for a little squirt of the Chipotle habanero sauce ! It's so dam good!!  but very spicy like a donkey punch!  The staff were really friendly but didn't know the nutritional content of the smoothies.  They couldn't tell me how many carbs were in the smoothies so that was a turn off because they all sound sofreaking  D-lish.  I decided to order the blue sunset so my son could enjoy it he's 6 and was like wow mom this is a yummy treat can we come back.  He also had a cheese quesadilla which was really good according to him as he ate the whole thing.  It was oozing of fresh cheese 4 slices total The portions are generous the staff is cool and the atmosphere is chill we will absolutely be back I just wish I knew how many Carbs are in the smoothies especially the cocoa nut umm almond awe sound good too !
5	I'm so glad this place opened up recently. If you like fresh juice, acai bowls, healthy wraps and big bowls of amazing food, you must visit this place. I highly recommend the fiesta bowl with quinoa. It is a good sized portion with black beans, corn, onions, tomatoes and a big blob of avocado. Ask for a side of habanero sauce to give it a little kick. My sis and I agreed that it needed a little more spice and the hot sauce did the trick. Staff is friendly and eager to make suggestions. I hope these guys get lots of business and stick around for a long time!
3	Mixed feelings about this place. Wish I could give it 3 1/2 stars. I've been there a few times, with varied results. The first time I just got a juice, and it was fine. But it's hard to mess up juice. What was not fine was the $8 price--for the smallest size!  Same juice is less than $5 at Nekter.  Went back another time for a salad and it was very good and priced well. Just wish they had more dressing choices. My husband ordered the salmon wrap and said  it was amazing. In fact he's still talking about it. And it only cost one dollar more than the small juice. This is definitely a good addition to the neighborhood and I'll keep going back, but not for juice. Not crazy about the  smell inside and there are only a few tables outside. I'm hoping they either add tables outside or improve their ventilation system.
5	RAW just opened up recently.  If it wasn't for the far distance, I would come here once a week because they make fresh raw juices however you want it for a fair price.  The ingredients are absolutely fresh.  They do not use too much sugary fruits if you specify how you want to make your juice.  The juice gave me a ton of natural energy for my leg workout day.  I came here with a Groupon as this is a new business that just opened up.
3	Fiesta Bowl with quinoa and chicken is really yummy {HUGE portion}, I'm a sauce freak so I of course had to ask for extra ranch. Final impression is that it's plenty yummy but overpriced. Probably won't go back without a Groupon but was fun to try out.
5	I've been to RAW more than 10 times since they've open, and I've loved everything on their menu! The service at times could be faster but with time, and hopefully switching to a production line of service like Chipotle, they will improve. It's hard to find places that offer organic food for a relatively decent price. RAW has everything I'm looking for in a restaurant when I don't have time to spend hours in the kitchen. I highly recommend this place!
5	This was without question, the BEST $7 organic salad I've had to date.  (No protein)  They let me substitute other ingredients when I omitted some.  Unlike other places that just give you less of a salad, this one was awesome and filling.And the price was right for organic too!This is my second visit.  Awesome salads both times!  First time there though, they did have a major fishy smell, but it seems to be gone now!  Yeah!
2	Would probably give it 2.5 stars, but decided to round down due to being let down by this place.We were happy to hear of a healthy restaurant opening up, but we won't be going back.We came during their grand opening and completely understand that it would be busy. However, we waited over 45 minutes in line. Once we got to the front, we knew why we waited. The staff was very disorganized. Everybody seemed to be doing all of the jobs and moving all over the place. They were moving very slow as well. The guy that took our order didn't give us any info on what to order or how to order. The only thing he told us what that they were "out of avocados." We ordered our food (only 3 items total between the two of us). Once we got to the front, they made us repeat everything we ordered (again, no organization). And they forgot our one smoothie we ordered. We had to wait another 10 minutes to get the smoothie, which was supposed to come to our table. Instead, we had to go to the front to ask about it. The food was just okay or very bland. We didn't add meat to our orders, so maybe that is why? But they should be able to offer decent vegetarian options. Heck, we make a better kale salad at home than what their kale caesar was. And their fiesta bowl seemed to be missing something, as it was very bland. The smoothie was good though. Luckily the grand opening was 50% off. We would never return here for full price, as it's definitely a rip-off.Again, we love the idea of this place. We love fresh, local, organic produce. And we love decent vegetarian options. But so far, this place just doesn't cut it.
3	I love the concept of this place and it has so much potential. Slim pickings for the vegans who like to eat their food. If you are in the mood to drink your food this is a good place because everything is organic! NONGMO! Came here once on a groupon and got a smoothie which had the consistency of a juice, which was a bummer but still good. Remember money is our vote!
4	Been meaning to try this place since it's 2 minutes from my house. I think they are a good concept with huge portions making the price worth it. I got the baby Bleu with chicken.  It was fantastic and the girl cut up 1/2 an apple on the spot right there. So fresh and yummy. Only suggestions for improvement 1. Put an "exit" and "entrance" sign on the ropes. It isn't obvious and everyone who came in got confused. 2. A salad carton that has a firmly secured lid.  To toss a salad in a to go carton requires the ability to pour the dressing on and shaking it up. I tried with the container and the lid popped up in the corners. Other than that it was great and we will be back
4	Absolutely loved the green orchard juice and the 1oz. shot of wheatgrass.  My pocketbook did not love the 11.98 price tag. I imagine the prices are so high because it's all organic.  Would suggest offering a 12oz option on juices --i don't need 16 oz-- both my belly and my wallet would be happier.  :-)
4	Great concept!  Good service and food.  It's nice to see places like this becoming more popular. My wife and I will be eating her regularly!
4	We returned here this past week, as the owner reached out to us to extend his apologies for their very busy grand opening. They really did have a ton of people there that day!We got the fiesta bowl again, and it was so much more flavorful. We also got the salmon salad wrap, and that was very good as well. The smoothie was great (as it was last time too).The service was much quicker and more on the ball, and the staff was friendlier. The place also has a great vibe!We saw a good number of people coming in as we were there, and we were glad to see it, as we love seeing people making healthy choices when they eat. Organic is also a plus!It is so nice to meet an owner who really cares about his business and wants to improve upon each aspect of it. We would definitely give this place an A++ for customer service!
2	Not since Casey at the Bat struck out has been there so little joy in Mudville with a particular outfit. I say that because this restaurant's inauthentic name seems to speak volumes: RAW Organic Food+Juices. Well, first off, the food I've had here is NOT organic food. It's not. Now I'm not religious with organic food, but I've had enough of it over the years to know the difference between Nature's greatest glory and its pesticide-laden counterpart. Secondly, the rain came and washed away all my dreams because there is a complete and total lack of "RAW" food cuisine, despite the all-caps portion of the venue name. Meaning, there is no "raw food" per se. Oh, I'll grant you that there are some RAW ingredients in some menu items, here and there. Yes, even McDonald's and Burger King can make that claim, but does that mean they ought to change their name to "RAW Organic Food" as well? Methinks not. So yeah, there's some lettuce, some vegetables, and there's even some pretty fine guacamole found in some menu items. But the name, "RAW Organic Food" implies there is RAW food cuisine; i.e., creative concoctions consistently of purely UNCOOKED foodstuffs, which are all the rage with health-minded foodies in Southern California and points beyond. Unfortunately, at this venue, there isn't a single menu item that is entirely RAW. Not one. (Probably because much of "raw" cuisine - particularly the liberal use of nuts in many recipes - isn't exactly dirt cheap on the budget.) I can't help but think that this was their strategy here: We'll call it "raw" and "organic," but we'll use ultra-low-grade ingredients (such as lentils instead of nuts) that have cut-rate prices, as low as Christmas trees the day AFTER Christmas; and like a silver-tongued snake oil salesman, we'll sell it all as high-quality "health" food - laughing all the way to the bank in the process!  And us good little lemmings/customers walked right into their phony "health" food ambush; like Custer at the Little Big Horn, which didn't turn out so well for him. Just know that when your name itself is false advertising, and your business practices are in line with that methodology, you're following directly in the footsteps of P.T. Barnum himself. But hey, let's face it, this location is smack dab in THE local hotbed of people with heavenly bodies and head-turning faces that would put Helen of Troy to shame; and, I suspect, the name of the restaurant is taking full advantage of its location to lure in that type of crowd with the "RAW Organic food" motif. So, I ask you, why not have something, ANYTHING(!) on the menu, that would reflect the name, other than non-Organic juices?  P.T. Barnum said it well: There's a sucker born every minute. And this place is in very good standing with his quick-buck-artist mentality. Though, by most accounts, the food here is decent, even if it's not actually "raw" nor "organic." And I would mostly concur with that from my experience. (Though, just imagine how delish it would be if they actually stuck to their name!) I'm of the mind that you can't go wrong with many of the RAW ingredients actually found here (even when you are scraping the bottom of the barrel with ultra-cheapo ingredients like this place), and I haven't been disappointed with the taste of the food, other than from the sour taste it leaves me from it being neither "raw" nor "organic," as advertised. So my main concern with this place, and the reason for my lowly 2-star rating, is the integrity issue.  Honest Abe said it best himself, "You can't fool all of the people all of the time." (I'm also not the only one here on Yelp saying these things about this place, including the very first review.) And the fact is that the apple, no matter how you slice it, does not fall far from the tree - all in a dishonest day's work.Overall, I'm giving this place an extra star for having more veggies than McDonald's, but seriously, the name has to go. And honestly, this is NORTH SCOTTSDALE! We don't go here expecting to get McDonald's with vegetables, and we're willing to spend more than you typically would at McDonald's. Ultimately, this venue's big cost-cutting strategy, and the willingness to sacrifice health under the guise of it, is a big turnoff to me. Try making an honest buck and you'll see it feels better. A lot better. A quiet conscience sleeps in thunder.6/1/2014 REBUTTAL TO OWNER: 1)You're not actually "RAW" if you don't have any RAW food cuisine on your menu. This is beyond dispute. (If, e.g., using cheapskate lentils and cooking them into oblivion, instead having real RAW food, makes you "honest" about RAW, then what is "dishonesty"?) 2)Send me a list of your current suppliers and I guarantee I'll contact them and that I'll positively confirm your "organic" status in a revised review. I'll also be contacting them periodically and updating my review here, as necessary, to ensure you really are "honest." This would be a win-win for everyone.
4	I had the Tuscan chicken wrap; it has tender chicken, goat cheese, veggies, with a nice sauce and since I work in the building behind, get a small discount. Very nice. It was delicious, the staff was very nice, reasonably priced.We wish them all the success, they deserve it.
4	I work near here and saw a groupon (two $10 vouchers for $12) and went for it. First time I had whatever the Mexican bowl is with added chicken and an almond awe smoothie (delicious) and then the 2nd time I had the sum yum bowl w/ added chicken (also delish). Both times the employees were friendly and I enjoyed my food. The food is clean / can be tailored to paleo and is therefore a great healthy, non GMO, gluten free lunch option for me.
1	I'm so sorry I didn't get to try the food but I just walked out without ordering about 5 minutes ago because the young man behind the counter had such an awful attitude. It was my first and last time in there and I will also encourage everyone I know not to go there. He was rude, short, unenthusiastic, and totally turned me off from ever eating there.
3	Although my food and drink have tasted good I'm not 100% convinced it's all organic. Every time I have gone in the service is very disjointed. The menu is confusing and employees aren't much help. I'm still on the fence about them, they are new so I'm waiting to see if they work out some kinks.
3	Second visit this morning. Smoothie was much better this time than last... Depends on who makes them on how flavorful they are... Only issue is the price... Seems pretty steep ..2 small smoothies $15 and change ( no extra protein or added ingredients ! )
2	Came here once before based on a review of the Almond Awe and that time it was everything as advertised - creamy, almondy and delicious. Today the one I bought was none of those things. What I got today was 90% ice, a little honey, a very small amount of almond milk, some fruit and no almonds. If Raw can't be consistent and/or train all staff how to make these things, I won't be spending my money here. If today's purchase was a result of cutting back on quality ingredients and adding more ice to make up for it, I definitely won't be back.
1	Was looking forward to trying this place but was disappointed. Reminded me of subway except with healthy food. Ingredients sit out and there were containers sitting open everywhere around the juicing/smoothie area. Doesn't look cleanly or kept up with. Anyone who eats a healthy raw/organic diet would benefit from driving up the street and paying equal or even less for quality food from whole foods.
2	Although I thought the food and juices were delicious, I was not impressed at ALL with the service received here. I came using a Groupon, and thank goodness I did; I ended up spending $24 on just a bowl and a small juice. The girl who made my bowl didn't tell me how much extra the quinoa was going to cost me (instead of rice), and it ended up being extremely expensive. Bottom line: Yummy food and juice, but extremely overpriced and the staff could learn a thing or two about attitude.
3	Omg so expensive!!!!!!!!! It makes wholefoods look cheap!!!!!!! We got 2 medium green juices that were actually pretty small and only filled up to about 3/4of the way and it was about $20. The service wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. I will say the juices were good, just not quite worth the $20. Unless the prices go down, I think I'll stick with wholefoods.
4	I love this place- the food is awesome and the staff is always really friendly. They opened a few months ago and the one thing that needs some improvement is the inconsistency with the portion sizes and pricing. Probably just growing pains. The salads and bowls are great. I haven't gotten any juices/smoothies- they do seem a little overpriced. It's awesome to have an all organic place like Raw close by!
4	First time at RAW. It's tasty, lots of options and I am very impressed its 100% organic. There are cheaper places, but you don't know if you are getting GMO or what. This seems legit. I'll be back with the wifey and kids.
2	Many things right, many things wrong. It's going to take a lot for me to come back.In many ways I was impressed by this restaurant. It's evident that it's a one-off build, built with a budget in mind. The service area is very well done with great equipment, a nice layout and great materials. The lobby is budget oriented with stained garden lattice on the wall, rope stanchions that look like they were taken from a seafood restaurant and other "homey" touches.The food was okay. Fresh vegetables are fresh vegetables - they weren't treated to any cooking or flavoring. The sauce I had was weak, almost watery, and the bowl in general lacked flavor. As she finished building my bowl I asked about protein (I think they are supposed to ask at the beginning). She gave me my choices and I selected shrimp. "Oh, that'll be five to seven minutes." What about salmon? "That'll be five to seven minutes." It was the same for chicken. I immediately thought about "Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?"  Well, ain't this place a geographical oddity. Two weeks from everywhere!The shrimp they used were the tiny salad shrimp. I wasn't impressed. I'd rather see a medium sized shrimp on my entree.More impressive was their juice setup. It was great seeing them wash and store the veggies in the front. Between weak flavors and high prices - the bowl was about $12 and my iced tea was $3.50 - I can't recommend this place. I'll go if I get dragged there or if I hear of material changes. In the meantime, I'll go to ChopHouse.
2	This place was just okay. I had the Miso bowl with quinoa, it was good but definitely not worth the $14 I paid for the bowl and an iced tea! I've read through all the reviews and it looks like there are quite a few people claiming that they don't use 100% organic food, if this is the case then it infuriates me that they have "organic" in their name and are misleading customers! It's wrong on so many levels! I will just stick with what I can trust and go to the organic salad bar at Whole Foods... I will not be back to Raw!
3	Well, the first time I came here was on opening day, and I ended up leaving before ordering because it was so crazy busy! A lady who was leaving told us at the end of the line that she waited in line for an hour. I did make a return visit recently though, and there was no line at all so that was nice.I would give this place 4 stars, but the service knocked it down one. I do understand that this place is still relatively new, but the two guys working there seemed to have no clue what was going on. My friend and I asked questions about the menu, and they weren't able to answer our questions. They also had to keep looking at the menu to know how to make our food. I mean, the place had been open long enough, would have expected them to be more prepared. I ordered the curried lentil wrap. The guy making it put way too many lentils in it, and I saw the panic in his eyes as he attempted to wrap it haha. Needless to say it was a huge mess, very difficult to eat neatly. Luckily, it tasted amazing! It was a great healthy vegan option, I left satisfied. Would gladly come again now that they have been open for longer and hopefully the staff has improved.
5	I found this place after having a discussion with a manager at Whole Foods about why Whole Foods juice bar does not stock 100% organic produce. I asked if there was an organic juice bar nearby and he said yes. He didn't say where, but I found Raw! I was so thrilled! Organic juice...yay! And my first visit I tried a quesadilla...YUM! I don't get there as often as I'd like from my home in Mesa, but when I'm up that way I definitely stop in for a juice!
1	I had the avocado comfort wrap.  It was supposed to have "cashew sour cream" as a sauce but if it was there, it was very little.  There was bunched up spinach on one end and mashed avocados with some hard chunks, tomatoes, onions and cilantro at the other end in a whole wheat wrap.  No sauce or flavoring or any kind that I could taste. Basically a small salad without dressing and a piece of bread - period.  Also had carrot juice.  The server had a hard time preparing it, the pulp and the juice were all over the place, a mess.  Usually, when you go to a place that focuses on organic and clean food, the whole staff is excited and knowledgeable about healthy food.  I didn't feel that way about the people who work here.  It turns out, when I went to pay the bill, she turned the monitor around so I could finish the transaction, and there were three apparent choices: a tip of 15, 20 or 25 percent!!  (In a small, un-highlighted box, you could enter a fee of your choice.)  When I mentioned that this was a bad idea since customers had to come to the counter to order and and to pick up their food and were not being served in the traditional way - I was told, "Well, the reason why is that we are not paid minimum wage.  That is why those are on there."  So, my take on the place is someone is hip to the idea the clean and organic are trendy, wants to make a quick buck, pays his staff under minimum wages and the customers are supposed to take up the slack.  And the food lacked the kind of lip smacking goodness that comes from an appreciation for and love of good and nutritious food.  I would recommend The Pomegranate Cafe, Nourish, Green, Organic Shores and even pricey True Foods over this place.
5	I love this place! If you eat paleo you can get a bowl with sweet potatoes as the base and add protein (good serving size). They have a variety of veggies to add in as well all organic! Green juice is so yummy as well!
5	St. Raw Berry is divine!!!
5	Best food and service in town! If your looking for amazing, healthy, organic food then Raw Organic is the best! It's quick and fresh, perfect for lunch time!
4	I liked everything but their location.  Maybe that's my own personal preference, but I'd probably frequent it more if it was further down on Scottsdale road.  The acai bowl came in a large portion with very fresh large berries and granola.  The service was very helpful and friendly.
1	I ordered a green drink.  Good thing I was paying attention to what they were doing. I noticed that there was no kale used ( but definitely  listed as a key ingredient).  When I asked about it the owner said ,oh yea we don't have kale, we are using all spinach instead- guess I should have told you that. Needless to say, I left - and won't be back.  No need to patronize dishonest practice. At $10 a drink, I actually like to get what I pay for.
5	Saw this place out of the corner of my eye while dropping off a package at FedEx. The place was really clean and there was upbeat music playing. John (I learned he was the owner) greeted us and explained the menu options. He and his staff were super friendly. Before I ordered I asked for the ingredients of the tortilla they use in the burritos. John pleasantly grabbed the bag and read the ingredients to me. FYI they are organic and are FREE from sugar and hydrogenated oils. I had the Avocado Comfort wrap and it was fantastic! Totally hit the spot. If you like sauce and/or spicy ask for a side of the spicy dressing. It uses vegginaise as a base with cayenne pepper and basil. Sooooo good.My wife had the Fountain of Youth smoothie. Very, Very Good!!!  This is out new favorite place.
1	It takes a lot for me to write a negative review. Let me first start by saying the girl working the register had no clue about the menu. She had to repeatedly ask her co worker what certain dishes came with. I asked if they had chicken bowls and the gal stated I could add have a cup to my rice bowl for 4 bucks. Ugh no thanks. She snarled and went back to her coworker and had a few choice words which I'm assuming was calling me cheap. Hey I'm cool with that, I was expecting more then a half a cup of chicken for 4 bucks. Aside from the poor service the smoothie was good if you don't mind paying ten bucks
2	Argh.  I wanted this place to be awesome.  I mean the name - I thought we hit a gold mine!  I walked in and was greeted by a super friendly girl making the food and a blond woman at the register.  I happily announced "This is my first time here!", and she said oh, paused and with extreme lack of enthusiasm, asked if I needed any explanations on the menu.  I ordered a salad and she asked large or small, and I asked what they looked like and the price difference - apparently this really agitated her.  Sorry!  Geez!  After being totally turned off by our first greeting, the salad we got was very good and we enjoyed it.  For $8, we thought it was a decent deal for North Scottsdale.  But we then got the avocado comfort wrap, which was basically spinach, tomatoes, onions and avocado, with cashew cream sauce.  For $9.50.  Not worth the price for a pretty small wrap with no side.  Additionally, I was pulling out about 1/3 of the avocado inside because it was BLACK and had gone bad.  I don't like leaving negative reviews, but we REALLY had our hopes up, being vegetarian and loving raw food.
1	Not sure what happened to this place.  Used to love it.  I just stopped by today and the place looks like its on its way out of business.  Menu boards pulled off the wall... Leaving peeled paint areas. They don't do the cold pressed drinks anymore.  They sell bottles of premade juices. Their regular menu items are not listed anywhere...as I said, menu board was taken down. The existing menu board is changed to only show build your own everything and a few drinks.  Needless to say this visit has me feeling weary of this place and I don't think I'll be returning. Also noticed a weird smell when I walked in today...  Unsure of what it was.
2	I remember when I first saw the sign displaying "RAW Organic Food & Juice," before they opened their doors, and I was so excited to have a vegan eatery within walking distance of my home.  I'm not even a raw vegan, but the idea still excited me!I walked in... No one spoke.  I looked at their overhead menu boards and saw things like chicken and salmon, but no indication of them being faux.  So I asked the girl behind the counter about vegan items and she had NO clue what I was talking about.  She called some other lady from the back. Lady #2 came out and advised that she could make a bowl or wrap vegan with lentils, black beans, or quinoa as their protein options.  Oh. So this is not a raw vegan place.  That is my fault for assuming. They had fresh juices, some raw veggies (i.e. carrots & spinach), and that's about the end of their raw line.  I was so disgusted that I left without buying anything that day.I finally went back this weekend (months later) and tried the Fiesta Bowl. Per their  online menu, it's $6 for a brown rice bowl. It comes with tomatoes, but I requested to get spinach instead of tomatoes (since I don't eat tomatoes). I was charged $8 as a base price for this $6 bowl. The bowl was large and contained hot, cooked brown rice, black beans, and corn, raw onions, raw spinach, avocado, and a red basil dressing/sauce.  It was ok. The red basil dressing/sauce (vegan) was pretty tasty, but overall it was just an ok meal.  Nothing special or memorable about it, and I definitely wouldn't go even 2 steps out of my way for it. They no longer had the fresh juice machines. I heard another customer inquiring about them as I was leaving.  They directed her to some refrigerated, bottled juices.  This business looks like it may be on its last leg.  I personally still feel jaded by their name. Branding your business as RAW Food & Juice, but having minimal raw options?  With a name like that, you know you're going to attract raw foodist and veg*ns. It just seems shady. AND they overcharged me! Not a fan. Won't return.
3	This place has closed.
4	Bowls of healthy quinoa, sweet potato, veggies and protein. It is delicious and healthy. The main issue I had was the slowness of the place. There is 1 friendly girl working the food, smoothies, and register. That's it. I waited about 30 minutes just to get to the front and there was only 4 ahead of me. They were out of some things but had many to choose from. Think chipotle but super healthy. And Jamba Juice but with the fiber in the smoothie. I would recommend but they need to be considerate of others time and possibly having a limited amount of it for lunch.
