5	Very good soups in addition to the regular go-to pho. I got a seafood with blocks of pig's blood in a very spicy seafoody broth and delicious noodles.The 3-color dessert is delicious as well as a finishing touch.
4	delicious shredded pork vermicelli bowl, with the little chitlins sprinkled on top, mmmmmm...... best I've had outside of southern CA (which has a huge Vietnamese population). It would've been nice to have a napkin, but I can overlook that.
4	Amazing Pho! Try the chicken with lemongrass - it's delicious, flavourful, and you can really taste the lemongrass. Mmmmm..... Pho..... They're not cheap on the portions either - you get a massive bowl of soup even when ordering the regular size. With such affordable prices,  you just can't go wrong.  Service is quick, so you can be in and out pretty fast if you're in a hurry.
4	My other favourite pho restaurant in Montreal. Really good pho. Don't be discouraged by the no-frills, borderline rundown ambiance.Staff have always been very friendly every time I've been there. They're all Vietnamese, but I've had no problems communicating either in English or French.
4	A friend of mine took me here and recommended "Mi Lakay". It was really tasty egg noodles (make sure you ask for the so-called 'dried version'). The restaurant was quite small but cozy
5	This place has some of the best Vietnamese food I've had, even compared to the places in Los Angeles. For $11, you can get a huge bowl of pho (size large) with a LOT of meat and noodles. The broth was really flavorful and the meat was tender. I ordered the rare beef and well done beef bowl and it didn't disappoint. Usually the amount of meat and noodles is disproportionate, but this time I found myself with meat to go with my noodles even at the end of the bowl. My only complaint would be that the broth in my brother's rare beef pho was rather oily. We also tried the bahn xeo, which was very good too. The shrimp had lot of flavor while the chicken did not, but in all was very good when paired with the vegetables and seasonings.
4	The restaurant has a very High quality/price rate. I had a lunch combo with a Soup and a chicken vermicelles dish. For 10$ I ate absolutely fantastic vietnamese food, tasty and full of various flavors! You can guess that it is very fresh.They serve Unlimited Jasmine Tea. The place is clean but very simple. The service is very nice, Quick and attentive to your needs. I ate by myself but had a nice table and the waiter even gave me a chair to put my bag on. Nothing wrong to say about this spot. It was almost full. I will definitely advise everyone to try it again and again!
5	My husband and I are in town from Chicago and are basically eating our was through Montreal. With that said, this is probably the best food and service we've experienced here. It's not fancy, but it doesn't matter. Upon walking in, we were warmly invited to sit down and given hot tea. The server helped us with our order because there were a few vegetarian options that were hard to choose from. After placing our order, they brought us some fried veggie rolls on the house, the freshest I've ever had. We got the curried veggies and tofu over vermacilli and the veggie tofu pancake. If you've never had the latter, it's not what you would expect. You tear of pieces and wrap it up in lettuce. There is a delicious dipping sauce. Our server was not only hospitable, but had a great sense of humor. I wish I could pack up this joint and bring them to Chicago!
