1	Some times being a tourist has its advantages - being In a new place, experiencing new things, and generally just being impressed by everything.Then it has it's disadvantages - places like this. I'm not a tourist in Edinburgh, but if I was, I would avoid this place like the plauge. The reason? Tartan. Tacky Tartan. Tacky, Terrible Tartan.This place is just full of junk that the owner must think tourists the world over are gagging for  - can never have enough tartan shite.Other than the amount of sheer rubbish available to by at prices that would make Nessie faint, the Scotland Shop also arranges tours to various other places in Scotland (think the Highlands) which seems like a good deal if you really cant be bothered to do it yourself.Not being a tourist, I feel I need to here from someone who is on this place - but as for everybody else. Avoid.
2	Whenever I see one of these shops I drop my children and dash inside. What could be better than novelty sporran underwear and tartan tea towels. Just like Grandma used.You don't have to go far in Edinburgh without hearing those melodious bagpipes, perfectly harmonised with contemporary rock guitar ballads, blasting traditional Scottish music proudly across the white crossed blue skies. It's no wonder that most of the time half of Edinburgh is in tears of hysteria, overcome with national pride.If you want to see what its like to really be Scottish, to have a taste of Scottish heritage, to see what formed Scotland into the nation it is today, then you truly must surround yourself with these genuine Jimmy hats and plastic Nessy ornaments.
3	You don't have to walk far in Edinburgh to hear the amazing sound of bagpipes, and The Scotland Shop is constantly playing the traditional Scottish songs. The Scotland Shop has several different stores located throughout Edinburgh, and the one on the Royal Mile always seems to attract the most tourists. If ever you want to buy anything remotely connected to Scotland, The Scotland Shop is defiantly the place to go. This store is a haven for all things tartan related. They sell those really tacky tartan hats with the ginger hair coming out underneath - why anyone would ever want one of these is beyond me. Having said that, if you look beyond the instant pure tat which they sell, The Scotland Shop is the ideal place for tourists to come and buy mementos from Scotland such as ornaments, postcards, cuddly highland cows and, best of all, Scottish music! The prices are really cheap and reasonable for what you are getting, and if you are a tourist, you are really spoilt for choice for gifts to buy for people. A fabulous shop for tourists, but perhaps a wee bit annoying for the people of Scotland.
2	These were built for the tourists of Edinburgh so they can all buy some cheap rubbish that is more Scottish than Scottish people themselves.  As far as I'm concerned these places sum up what is bad about tourism in a place like Scotland - where people look upon a place through a looking glass and say 'Ah yes, they do all play bagpipes and eat haggis'.  I'm not even Scottish, but it still annoys me that they look at Scotland in this way.Returning from that half rant and half tangent to the matter at hand, the aim of these shops are to sell as much cheap tat to these tourists for as much money as possible.  Upon buying these items most tourists will probably take these items home and throw them in the bin at the first opportunity.  The only culture these items represent is the culture of buying anything with a price tag on.If you want to experience Scotland visit Holyrood, St Giles or go to a butchers and ask for a cut of some of the best Scottish meat they can recommend.  There is plenty of real Scotland to discover so don't waste your time in these stores.
2	Are always friendly...Typical novelty shop... Can book highland tours.
