4	Good for an afternoon show.  Not the funniest show in town, but light-hearted and good for the family.  Definitely worth it.
2	It's unfortunate that I am going to have to trash this production, but to be fair, at least at the show I attended, it trashed itself. I am a fan of musicals. I do not possess an ordinate breadth of gigography in regards of Broadway/Off-Broadway (YET), but it is growing. I wish I could say it was growing with good, solid productions taking place here in Las Vegas, but this small shows are plagued with sound issues, uninspired sets, and just overall poor production (how difficult is it to produce, one-time, a well made intro video instead of the seemingly two decade-old videos that open Nunsense and Little Whorehouse @ Plaza?)Nunsense tries. It tries so very hard. And for that I have bequeathed it an extra star. The play itself is not very good. If you pay to see this, or even have it comped for you, you will probably feel the same. It's not very funny; more corny than anything. Eye*rolling corny, not ironically corny. Maybe I should see it again. But then again, I may see more faults it the second time  and be less benevolent with the rating. We shall see.I can't recommend this. My girlfriend did not like it either and she likes musicals more than I do. - E
2	YUP. JUST LIKE THE TITLE. IT'S JUST A BUNCH OF "NUNSENSE".But in a bad way, so here was my observation. As soon as one of the nuns explain their "situation", that's when I started yawning. Basically, a bunch of their sisters die from food poisoning and they dont have enough money to bury all of them so they store them in a meat locker. Whatever nuns that didnt die each have their own story to tell. Yup, you guessed it. In a Glee fashion.Don't get me wrong. I'm into musicals just like the next guy but in this case, the next 7 guys that were next to me were falling asleep just like me. The story line is to me quite atrocious and I feel sorry to those that actually spend money to watch this unless you are trying to cure your insomnia. If that's the case, then it's money well spent.I do however, gotta give the ladies props for having the talent to be able to sing some of their numbers. That's probably the only thing deserving of the 2 stars. Overall, this production seemed to me like it could have been conceived overnight and everything was put together last second. I apologize in advance to whoever came up with this idea cuz I am definitely not gonna recommend this to anybody. Well, except to maybe my worst enemy.
