5	Eddie and everyone is always friendly and ALWAYS does a great job when I go there. I love to get the old fashioned shaves with my haircut, because they use a hot towel and warm shave cream... I would defiantly recommend them to every one in the area looking for  a haircut, shave to even eyebrows in a very nice shop with very nice people
5	By far the best barber shop I have found yet!! I live in peoria and travel to the other side of town, outta my way, to have them chop my mop.. highly advised the twins barber shop(s)
5	Always a top notch haircut.
4	I think I found a new barber shop... I loved this place. I went in for a straight razor shave and only had to wait for a few minutes to get into a chair. When I got into the chair, the barber asked tons of questions to make sure she knew what I wanted. I know a lot of people dont like spending a lot of time in the chair, but with a shave I'm fine with spending an hour or so in the chair. I also have really sensitive skin and I told her that and she made sure that she took a little extra time. They use hot towels and a great warm shaving cream that has a nice cooling effect. It was a great shave and she made sure that it was lined up and perfect before I got out of the chair. I will defiantly go back for my haircut. Prices are good to... $16 for a shave and $13 for a haircut....
5	I've been going to Twins for about 1yr now. FYI. My profile pic is one of those hats with hair on it. Not a twins job. Lol. Anyway, I get a high and tight skin fade. They always use a straight razor to perfect it. You walk into most haircut places and ask for a skin fade using a razor  and they look at you like you have 2 heads. I have never got a bad haircut from anyone. I don't wait for a specific barber.  Never been let down. Really purveyors of a dying art.
5	Eddie and Company run an excellent Barber Shop.  I have been a faithful client for more than ten years.  They're professionalism, friendliness, and attention to stylish detail results in a fresh cut. I recommend that you get your hair cut at The Twins Barbershop!
5	I just found my new barbershop. This place is awesome. Kc was my barber and she easily fixed my bad haircut and knew exactly how to cut my hair as if she had been cutting it for years. I am pretty anal when it comes to my haircut. I had been going somewhere else to the same barber for two years but he moved or quit. I took a chance with their new guy and let's just say that I won't go back there and ill definitely be going back to kc at twins.
5	This barber shop is great! Very clean. Everyone is friendly. Never had a problem.  Eddie has been cutting my hair since 1998. I would refer this barber shop to anyone man, woman, boy or girl.
5	I love this place.  Very old school.  Want it high and tight squared off with a straight edge? No problem!Friendly staff, good haircuts, and reasonable prices.  Great alternative to the chains.  Highly recommend it.
5	Twin barber is the best shop in AZ. All barbers have amazing skill no matter who's chair you sit in. Ed is the most amazing barber I have ever had cut my hair. They have a great environment & everyone there is very nice. They always try to take care of everyone there but when your in the chair. They put all the focus on you & have some great skill.
5	Best barber shop in town  perfect cut Everytime I went in .I  have never left disappointed. You know it's good shop when you can  sit at any chair and leave with an amazing hair cut .. Thanks to Eddie and his crew I never have to look for new barber shop ..I been customer for 3 years and counting longest streak by far
5	Staff is excellent!! Best barber shop I've been to in Phoenix!! Eddie is the man to see!! Love from Cali!!
5	Nora is great and does the best fades hands down! I'll keep coming back just for her!Everyone is very friendly, professional and they maintain a clean shop. It's a welcoming shop and safe for all types, including kids. You don't have to worry about inappropriate or foul language.  Try them out, you won't regret it!!
5	It's been three days since my Twins trim.  I am really pleased.  Only Sweet D has cut my hair better in the past three years.  I thought my tip would be waiting here as my review beginning so I could tell you precisely who cut my hair.  I'm 80% sure it was Nora.  She listened carefully, was fast and efficient, and coached me in the end to not lose that next 1/4 inch of hair. The premises are tastefully styled, all about sports and the celebs getting trimmed here.  Excellent.
5	I have been going to Twins barbershop for almost 10 years.  The owner Eddie and his crew give top of the line hair cuts at a great price.The barbershop is always clean and comfortable.  The staff is professional and consistent.  You don't have to worry about a different barber working there every time you go as most of the employees have been there for over 10 years.I like the fact that they take their time and make sure your satisfied.  I also like the fact that they use a new razor for every customer.
5	Best barber shop I've been to in AZ. Great service and even better cuts. If you are in the west Phoenix area and need a cut, this place will not disappoint.
5	Never had an old school hair cut and shave. Always went to the cheap chain stores like great clips- etc. this experience was amazing so worth the extra money. I treated myself to a straight razor shave also, awesome. I will be back
5	Twins barbers is the spot.  If you want a good hair cut done right, see eddie and his crew at twins barber shop I've been going for many years. Sometimes I have to wait but if you want it done right its worth it!
