3	Stopped in to get a gyro.  Friendly service and somehow related to the location on 4th downtown.  The menu has some variety from Wraps & Gyro's to Pide (Turkish Pizza) to kebaps, to regular pizza, salads and wings.  My gyro was good.  The fries were pretty good too.  Will have to stop back and try a Pide.  The person next to us had a Pide and said it was his favorite thing on the menu.
5	This is the cheesiest,most delicious, gooey wonderful pizza I've had in a long time. After trying all the pizza joints A-wall has to offer, I think I have found my go-to. We also got some expertly-done wings. Not dry, not soggy, just enough crispyness. Their menu also includes some really delicious-looking specialty pizzas I can't wait to try.
5	I've only been here once but plan to go back soon. They are conveniently located on the edge of Aspinwall and they have a fairly comprehensive menu for a pizza joint. My group tried the chorizo and fontilla pizza and it was mind-numbingly good. The crust was robust yet soft and doughy and the toppings were unexpected yet so well curated. None of us like olives, which come with that pizza, but we forgot to ask for them to be left off and the flavors of the pizza worked so well together that we all enjoyed the olives! That really says something! The staff was friendly and laid back. We had ordered over the phone and mentioned a coupon which we forgot to take along at pick up. No one cared and we still received our free cheesy bread sticks, which are really a generous sized pizza sans sauce, which we all loved. The grape leaves were a bit dry but still preferable to the overly saturated ones you find in cans or at the Greek olive bars in grocery stores. An order of grape leaves also meant complimentary garlic bread. This place does not skimp on carbs! Check out their menu and coupons. You're bound to find a flavor styling and deal that works for you!
4	Had the gyro salad and fettuccine  alfredo delivered. Both portions were huge.  The pasta also came with garlic bread and side salad. Everything was delicious. I didn't think it was expensive for the amount of food we got. Everyone was polite. I will be ordering again.
4	So, a co-worker of mine said that she had a taste for "pide" and would I like to join her for lunch.  To myself, "Um, what the heck is "pide"?  However, I told her, "Yes, that sounds pretty good".  So down the street and around the corner and into a building tucked away on Fourth Street, Downtown, we go!  After giving the secret handshake and being sworn to silence, we enter what looks like a vacant space and order "pide" (Turkish pizza).  OMG!  Who knew that anything like Turkish pizza existed?  It was so tasty!Pide does not look like pizza; Shaped like a flat football with pinched ends and filled with eggs, cheese and spinach, it was unusual but wonderful.  My co-worker, who frequently eats vegetarian meals turned me on to this and I couldn't thank her enough.Since the pide was so tasty, I decided to try one of the Ephesus gourmet pizzas with kebabs.  You can order either chicken or lamb kebobs and I ordered half of each on my pizza.  I thought that they would slice the kebab meat and stick on the pizza, but no!  Each slice has its own kebab!  Yippee Skippee!  The best way to eat it is to hold the skewer inside the slice and then wrap the pizza slice around the kebab meat.  Mmmm Mmmm Good!Ephesus' Downtown Pittsburgh location has since moved closer to PPG Plaza and more easily accessible, which is a good thing.  They also now have a location in Aspinwall which is closer to my home and boy am I glad.  I took a friend visiting from out of town there and he ordered the Moroccan Spiced Chicken and Dried Plum pizza.  I would have never associated those ingredients with pizza, but they were tasty too!Don't go there looking for fawning service or an elaborate atmosphere...It's not that place.  However, if you want to try delicious pizza with unusual toppings and an excellent crust, this is your place!
4	If you're in the market for a buttload of carbs, look no further. This is a good local pizza shop! They have a huge menu with a lot of unique pizza offerings, many with a Mediterranean influence (for example, Morrocan chicken and spiced plum pizza, which is surprisingly tasty). They also have the standard make-your-own pizza toppings and the usual specialty pizza suspects (white pizza, buffalo chicken pizza). In general, they make a solid pie. Their crust is slightly sweet and more on the doughy than crispy side (which I happen to prefer). Their red pizza sauce is also slightly sweet, but well-balanced with acidity from the tomatoes and well seasoned. And, importantly, they don't skimp on the cheese or on the toppings, which is appreciated.What I like even more than the pizza, however, are their non-pizza apps and meals. For example, their boneless wings are surprisingly delicious for being made at a pizza shop. They're large and meaty with a nice crunchy coating and doused in your choice of sauce (I'm a fan of the honey BBQ sauce). I also like their pasta dishes -- they make a really good chicken parm pasta dinner (which, again, I did not expect at a pizza joint). I'd also recommend their subs -- they are generous with the fillings, and the bread they use is really hearty and chewy. They also offer several Turkish specialties (Pide (Turkish pizza), kabobs, babaganoush, etc.). I've not sampled many of these, but I look forward to working my way through that part of the menu soon!Overall, I think it's great that there is such a huge variety of items that you can order from this one shop. Prices are fairly reasonable too -- just be sure to grab one of their menu flyers (or look online) and don't order anything before checking our their deals. They offer TONS of coupons and specials, so take the time to check out their flyer to make sure you don't miss a chance to save money!
5	This was my second time ordering in from this Ephesus because I keep getting their ad in my mailbox and I'm really impressed. The first time we ordered we just got a regular pizza and we were surprised to get a really delicious pizza delivered to our door within 30 minutes.This time we went for something unique and ordered the gyro special with fries and also the Pide with Soujcuk and egg (Turkish pizza). We both absolutely loved both items. I was surprised to get such a delicious gyro from a take out joint and the Turkish pizza was great for something different!Will definitely order again.
5	Wonderful fresh interesting food combining Mediterranean and Turkish flavor in unique dishes.  Try everything....gyros, salads, Turkish pizzas, spinach and feta pizza and humos and kepaps.  Enjoy this fresh food!
4	Awesome selection of interesting pies. Had pizza delivered to my office and everyone was blown away with their pizzas of choice. I will definitely order from them again when I am feeling adventurous and looking to step away from the normal pizza.
