5	Stopped by this location because I wanted to get a few vaccines prior to my trip to Beijing next month.  Was told by our health insurance company that they offered vaccinations here and it was 100% covered....so I made the trip this morning.I was pleased to find nobody waiting in line.  Since it was my 1st visit, I had to fill out paperwork....the best part?  It was done via a kiosk!  That's right, no forms....a simple, easy to use interface that walked you through step by step.  It took me less than 2 minutes to complete the process.Since I didn't have my health insurance card on me, I thought there would be another long wait while the technician looked up the info.  Nope, she found The Better Half's (TBH) info in the system and was able to get everything she needed.  Bam!  3 minutes into the visit, I was getting prepped for the vaccination shots.  She carefully prepared each shot and I got whacked on both arms.  I was out of there....soup to nuts within 15 minutes.  She advised me to stick around the store for 10 to 15 minutes just in case I had an allergic reaction to the vaccinations....and gave me a 10% OFF coupon just in case I bought anything.While I was walking around the store I found Mexican Pepsi in the cooler, score!  Dammit, can this store get any better right now?  Hell yeah!  They had two 3-packs of 5 Gum for $7 and a 2-Pack of my favorite toothpaste, Crest Pro-Health Clean Mint, for $5.99!  What a score!Could that have been a ploy or setup by CVS to keep me around the store to shop?  Maybe....Probably....but I would have purchased these items anyway and I saved a little money in the process.Will I return?  You bet I will!  Wish it was closer to home.
4	Use CVS for most of my prescriptions, however, I like browsing through the isles and looking at everything. They seem to have some good prices from time to time and I can only find my shampoo and condition here, however, this last time, they didn't have it, seems they discontinued making it as I later found out. So I dropped off the Rx and told them I would wait, took about 15 minutes and as promised it was ready, since I had picked up a few other items, they let me pay for it all at Pharmacy. The Pharmacist made sure I understood how to take the medication and the side effects since this was a new one for me, they are very good at that! I use my CVS card and get bonus cash rewards, which I can use to purchase other items, I have even gotten a $25 gift card for bringing in a new prescription, so the rewards are great too!
4	This is the Erin Kenny Memorial CVS.  (For those who don't know the political scandal, you can Google it.)  My wife wanted to get a birthday card for her brother and some OTC medications for herself.  This was an easy stop on a busy, drive time Friday night.The store was stoked well, and the staff was efficient.  There are some items I can find at CVS that aren't stocked by other chains, so I tend to stay with CVS.This is not my normal CVS pharmacy, but it is a good one.
1	want in there to ask the pharmacist what eye drop I can take for for eye irritation. The pharmacist without even look in at me, say to me he don't see anything wrong with it. I ask him again, I feel irritation, little pain, and what I can use to feel better. Again, he told me "I don't see anything wrong with it"It's the rudest customer service I have experience in a long time. Disrespectful, and unconcern. It's like talking to a rock.
5	This CVS happens to be on my way home from work so this was not my first trip to this location. Each time I have been here, I have been welcomed by a nice mid-40s blonde woman who is extremely friendly. I found the pharmacy well staffed and they were quick to answer my questions about my antibiotics side-effects. I always buy a cheap item first, get my coupons and then buy my other items. That way, I can use my cvs bucks.
5	Everyone at this CVS is beyond friendly and always on top of their game. I thought the first couple times I was checking out that the girl with blonde curly hair was a little out of control... by out of control I mean totally cracked out, then I realized I think it's just her personality. In the matter of like 2 minutes of checking out, she called me gorgeous like 6 times, told me "way to stay hydrated!" because I got a Gatorade, and then gave me about a dozen other compliments and really shes just overly sweet and honestly it is so hard to find people who truly love and or are happy at their job, but this girl tops it all so you can't even knock her. She even hums little tunes and says like "la tee da dee da" all while just putting your stuff in a bag. I'm sorry but if anything, she always makes your day a little brighter... !
4	Convenient, clean, well lit, and walkable from my temporary apartment - otherwise it is a CVS, no more and no less but ostensibly safer than typical as I don't see any shifty folks outside offering to sell their pills like back in Phoenix.
2	Sad to say that so far there's only been one person in the pharmacy dept. that has been friendly & helpful. The rest of the people who assisted me acted as if I were bothering them. Very poor customer service skills.
