5	Excellent, beautiful custom iron work.  Jorge is very professional and got my security gates completed in a short amount of time (he said 3 weeks but had the job done in less than 2).  Highly recommended!
4	The custom iron work they did on my new gate and security door was amazing. The price was competitive and the workers very professional.
5	Jorge and his team are the leaders in the Valley for iron work, concrete and masonry. The finished product will exceed your expectations! Jorge and Jose deliver on their promise of quality service AND they arrive early for jobs - which has almost become a rarity. They will help you put that special touch on your outdoor space so you can enjoy it throughout the year. I am very impressed with their work.~Christal
5	Jorge is a professional at his craft, the ironwork is amazing and his outdoor designs are a work of art. Maurice Naidoo
5	JOJ did work across the street where we live.  We loved it so much that we asked them to come out and do a gate for our home.  BEAUTIFUL!  Warm, rich, and elegant looking.  Changed the whole look of the entry way and house
5	This is one of the company in las vegas that Get you The oportunity to save time one company do everything in your Outdoor. I Will highly recomend then ConcretePaverIron WorkMasones
5	Great service from Jorge and his team. Jorge took the measurments of our entry way and came up with a design based on selections we made from examples on the website.  He was more than happy to go back and forth with us (3 or 4 renderings) to make our design unique and creative. Once the gate was complete he called us with recommendations for what could make it even better. We dropped by his shop and talked about our ideas for closing in the extra space that caused concern.  I love that he could be open to critique his own work and point out what he thought could be improved. He encouraged our participation and reminded us that it is ours and we will be looking at it every day. We look forward to doing more work with Jorge and his company.  Our next project with them will be an aluminum covering for our patio. FYI - there are really cool things in their yard where they do the work.  It's worth the visit if you need or like some inspiration.
5	Jorge and his team are awesome. They were professional and did clean work. Jorge came over and took measurements of the area that where we would want to put the gate. He showed us samples that were recognizable from around our neighborhood. We got online with his website and picked out different examples we thought we would like for our own home. He gave us a rendering and we may have gone back three or four times with different changes. He was completely open to making any alterations that we requested. He kept reminding us that this is our gate and we will be looking at it. Excellent work. We will use his services in the future.
