5	My girlfriend got us a couples massage at Haven and it was absolutely superb.  First we were treated with a nice foot soak.  While we were soaking our feet they brought in Fresh Strawberries and Champagne. Being from Wisconsin, Alcohol always ads to the experience!  After the Foot Soak we were treated to an hour of pure bliss.  The Massages were great.  Shelly and Christine did a great job.  I liked how they asked a lot of questions so they could really focus on the areas of your body that are important to you.  Nice Job!
5	Shelly (Michele Duncan Hadley) is excellent.  I don't get massages too frequently, but I think this one was the best I have ever had.  She seemed much more aware of the underlying anatomy than your average MT - just hit every spot perfectly.  A real pro.  She also listens - it seems with many other massages I have had that the pre- and during-massage instructions (pressure, problem areas, etc.) have little impact on the actual massage I receieved; not so with Shelly - again, just a pro at what she does.The spa is nice - comfortable, quiet, everything you'd expect.  I found the prices reasonable too.
5	Hallelujah, I feel amazing!!  just wanted to thank my massage therapist for doing an awesome job!!!  I needed this today...
5	These people are fantastic. My wife and I got a couples massage right before our wedding day.  After several stressful months of planning, working, and me attending grad school, we were walking knots.  They are so attentive to your needs and really know what they are doing without you asking.  The gentleman who took care of me, Greg, recognized I had a lot of tension in my neck and right shoulder and diligently worked out several knots from the area.  We left feeling completely rejuvenated and went back just two weeks later to celebrate my wife's birthday.What an amazing experience and wonderful people!
5	They provided a wonderful experience for my partner and I with their couple's massage. It was so relaxing and peaceful. The quality of the massage was worth every penny. I highly recommend them and plan to purchase as gifts for my family.  So many massage places are a hot or miss but this one comes through brilliantly.
2	Came here because I had a Visa gift card from Christmas and was itching for a little relaxation. I was looking to get a facial and massage, and once I saw that the Haven offered a package for $145 for both, I was sold. I was also able to get in that day which was impressive.Now, the space itself is nothing special. It's in the basement of an office building and you kind of get the feeling that if you were there on a weekday you'd be surrounded by business people while walking around in your robe - not my vision of relaxation. The bathrooms are also outside of the spa, so you have to walk through the hallway and use the communal bathroom that I'm sure is shared with other businesses. I also appreciate when places have a space where you can change into your robe and sit while waiting for your treatments. This place did not have that and I was very disappointed. My facial was fine though I have definitely had better. I asked for a moisturizing facial since winter can really dry out my skin and it definitely helped. My massage was also fine. Nothing spectacular and not horrible either. Both services took the entire hour which I appreciated. I have paid for an hour long massage at other places and only been in the room for 50 or so minutes. I won't be back, but if you're looking for cheap spa services with not a lot of ambiance than this place may be for you.
