5	Shauna is a great massage therapist! Experienced and really knows her stuff. There are a lot of massage therapists out there but few who really know what they are doing. I highly recommend Hands on Healing, you will not be disappointed!!
5	Shauna is a very skilled massage therapist. You get this perfect blend of a nurturing relaxing touch mixed with therapeutic knowledge and results. It's usually hard to find that combo cause I want to be pampered AND be able to relieve my lower back pain! Her studio is super nice too.  I love that she starts the service with a scalp massage...ahhh...heaven. Prices are very reasonable and she offers great package deals to help save ya a few bucks.
5	She is friendly and fantastic! I went for pregancy massage and after the pregnancy I get back as often as I can.
5	I've received massages by various masseuse/masseurs and find that Shauna is one of the best.  Why?  Because she gets in there and gets my knots out without me having to experience an immense amount of pain.  I'm not sore and cursing the fact that I can't shampoo or comb my hair the next day.The first time I went, I was a little concerned that the pressure was not strong enough.  But I definitely felt a difference the next day (in a good way), and was happy that I wasn't in pain.  Normal cost is about $80 for an hour.  The one downside (for me, not her) is that I think she has regular clientele, so it's usually necessary to make an appointment like a month in advance.  (At least to get in on the weekend.)  She'll sometimes have last minute appointments based on cancellations but getting in on the weekend takes planning.  Even so, this is the best massage I've had in Vegas and Shauna is really nice, so it's all good.
5	What a find!! If I could give a 6, Shauna would deservedly receive a 6. One of the best massages I've ever had (and I've had a ton). Very professional, perfect pressure, and completely relaxing. From the warm towel wraps around my feet to the cooling eye mask I was in pure heaven!! Skip those fancy casino spas and head to Shauna for a real quality massage..
5	Shauna is amazing! I haven't found anyone else who uses the gua sha technique.. Its the best if you get knots in your back or have tendinitis or tightness in your wrists.. I was impressed on how comfortable her massage table is also she uses hot towels on your feet and neck as well as a cool eye pillow. I was so relaxed! Cant wait to schedule my next appointment.
5	Shauna is the best! She makes you feel comfortable and relaxed right from the start....I had horrible carpel tunnel on my right side and it ran all the way up my shoulder. After going to her it is all but gone. I have no more tingling at all. I love her massages. She's not afraid to use some pressure like some are. The bed is the most comfortable I've ever had. The aroma therapy and music puts you in the perfect state of mind. I also like that she adds the cooling eye mask so refreshing and relaxing after working on the computer all day it's perfect for your tired eyes and the hot towels on your feet are just what I needed after wearing heels all day. I'm looking forward to booking another appointment with Shauna and would recommend her highly!
5	I have visited Shauna a few times now and she never disappoints. She is skilled in several modalities and knows how to bring the pressure for all my knots. I have been to massage therapists around the world and I am glad to have found Shauna right here in my backyard.
5	I highly highly recommended Shauna, she was perfect in everything. I came in feeling super tense, full of knots and just walked out feeling 100% rejuvenated and feeling lighter. I will definitely come back monthly. Best birthday gift! Thanks Shauna!!
