4	Lobster Bisque is worth the trip!
3	I went to Legends with some friends while we attended Phoenix Comicon.  The restaurant was far enough from the convention not to be packed.  We were seated right away, but the server took a little long to greet us.  Most of us ordered burgers.  I had a patty melt which I loved.  The burger was very tasty.  The bread would have been better if toasted.  It did come with bacon on it which is unusual.  There was a lot of bacon.  I believe all three burgers came with bacon standard so if you love bacon this place will make you happy.   The last member had a lunch special of soup and salad.  The salad was a bit wilted and the clam chowder was odd in part because it was sweet.  It made me think of mayonnaise.Overall the food was good.  The service and price were okay.
3	Finally check out legends between the the Dbacks double header game on Memorial Day.  We expected a pretty long wait to eat and was told it would be around 30 mins.  We waited on the front patio and had a couple beers.  Wasnt too packed and luckily there was a large fan with misters that made it quite pleasant.  The food was actually pretty good, the pasta salad that came with my burger was a nice change from the norm.  The prices were decent and the beer selection wasnt too shabby either.  Overall, not a bad time at all.  Will probably check out again.
4	I used to frequent Legends when it went by Coach & Willies. Not much has changed about the place though I no longer see the Dbombs drink advertised. Legends is a great place to get yummy food before or after a Diamondbacks game. I LOVE the Italian Nachos (pizza in nacho form...my god, genius). It's a nice clean bar with lots of wood, and a very nice outdoor patio with lots of bougainvillea and misters.
5	Good food, friendly service and in my book any place that place that has the Sugar Thieves playing on a Wednesday night is tops in my book. Was a little reluctant to go back there as I was not a fan of Coach and WIllie's, but I live down town and am always looking for new options. My past few visits have been very good and I must say I'm now totally addicted to the chicken tenders.I will note that I only go Legends on non event nights. It's easy to get in and out and the place and prefer a more low keyed environment then I imagine the place turns into when the DBacks are in town.
4	I've been here a couple times. Once before a game, and once after. I've really only had drinks, although the first time I went I was meeting my husband and his friend and they had a plate of nachos. By the time I got to it, it had been sitting for awhile so I don't think you want my review on those. I was in time for happy hour though. YAY!!The second time I came was last Sunday. The Dbacks game had just finished and I had a couple hours to kill before my friend was picking me up so we could head to another event. The rest of my family was heading home via the light rail, so it was up to me to find some air conditioning and kill some time. I decided to walk to a different establishment that I had not yet been to, but by the time I got there it had already closed (wrong hours listed on the yelp page, so I submitted an edit). Decided to backtrack to Legends because I knew where it was and needed a beer.When I arrived I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't too packed. Easily found a seat at the end of the bar. The bartender was friendly even though I was a sweaty mess. He got me a glass of water and my Hop Knot (a tall one). After finishing it I ordered another, but a pint. The tall was $6, the pint was $5. I should have just gotten another tall.With two good experiences, I'm sure this will become the regular pregame hangout. I don't recall the happy hour times or specials but that's just an added bonus. They are also kid friendly, so that's another plus.
4	A MUCH-NEEDED step up from Coach and Willie's. The inside hasn't changed much but the menu is what made me realize I was in a few place.This place has always been great for taking in a game:they have a great patio and I really dig the sunken bar indoors. I came here from Chase Field when it was abundantly clear that the Cubs were going to wipe the floor with the DBacks. So in I came ready to drink. Our bartender was really cool and friendly and made sure I never went thirsty.Onto the menu: they have your requisite sportsbar fare: wings, woodfired pizza and sandwiches. But they also have a nice selection of salads an even pasta and steaks. I just had Italian nachos which were awesome: pita chips with marinara sauce, mozzarella cheese and Italian sausage. Someone please tell me why in the hell no one has EVER thought about this until now. It was awesome and I was thrilled to have something different.Onto the best part: they had live blues on this particular Wednesday night.....and they made my partner in crime get up a sing....HOW AWESOME is that????I am very happy to see the changes here. It is a really great place to come have a drink and I think it is overlooked far to often. They have blues on Fridays as well so I may have to come check it out again.
4	Italian Nachos!!! How come this is not on the menu at more places?  Brilliant I tell you!  Fresh pita covered in marinara, mozzarella, pepperoni, Italian sausage and olives!  I definitely recommend the HALF order, it is very filling.  All the food seemed decent on the menu; mostly typical bar food, but with a little flare.  Ask the helpful bartender for suggestions.  Aside from the bartender's knowledge of the menu, he also kept the drinks loaded.  We rolled in on a Wednesday after a baseball game and they had a blues band...what started off as a simple drink after a game, turned into an evening out with a fun band.  Oh, did I mention they coerced me into going up and singing with them...And for the record, Lisa E. cannot sing well.  Amazingly I didn't clear the bar.  Legends, in general, is just a really good bar:  Great patio, pleasant atmosphere (brick interior with an inset bar), live music, good food, and charming helpful staff.  Not sure what more you could ask for!  When I am in the downtown area I will be sure to come back!
3	Went in with a group if friendship, when we got there the place was dead. The bartender came out and bought us a round and started off the night. The guy was great and the best part of the experience. When we got our food is was okay, I had the seafood pasta and it was really bland besides the shrimp. Our waitress was also hard to find and I often saw he hanging out talking with her coworkers. Overall okay place but nothing special.
1	Man...what potential. We stopped by before Black Sabbath since KDKB was doing a remote and contest for front row seats. There was also a diamondbacks game that night as well....as you may know that's quite busy for downtown. We stayed on the patio since it was nice out. As far as we could tell there was only one server for the entire area. I really felt bad for this girl. She was busting her butt trying to serve people but the frustration showed and I don't blame her. How could management staff a place like that? Maybe they had a number of call outs or no shows that day who knows. But it was bad. We got some happy hour food which took forever and a day to get. The bacon wrapped shrimp seemed pretty good. You get four decent sized shrimp wrapped in bacon and a decent sauce. Only half my shrimp had bacon wrapped on them, but hey who's counting. And I wasn't going to make that poor waitress more miserable. The nachos looked good enough, I didn't try them but how can you screw them up? We should've thought ahead and saved that server time and helped her by ordering say four drinks at a time. The time we spent there, over an hour, we were only able to order one drink each. And that was a stretch. My friends got their beers and ten minutes later I got my greyhound. Again....this has nothing to do with the server! She was really trying. I blame management for not taking advantage of double events that night AND a radio station on site. It shouldn't be that hard. The place seemed like it would be good and maybe on a non-event day I would go to see if that's true. If you go on event days just plan on waiting.....eating with your hands since you apparently get no napkins or dinnerware and flagging down the food runner who is asking every table if the food is their order. We watched it go by a few times and thought wow.....these guys are so disorganized. Legends.....in bad management.
4	This place is your typical sports bar with TVs showing all of the sports channels. I went here recently to watch Sunday football and ordered the Italian Nachos. It seems to me like they kept a lot of the food from when it was Coach and Willie's but I liked their food so I was happy. It was nice and quiet for a football Sunday. The bartender was very friendly and fast. I really enjoyed being able to hear the people I was with without having to breath down their necks to hear them. I will definitely go back.
2	I'm not sure where the cook got their recipe for red bell pepper hummus but just tossing some red peppers onto the top is like me slapping a "My other car is a Porsche" bumper sticker on my Toyota.  Not only was it fake bell pepper, but I needed a toothpick to get the chickpeas out of my teeth.  Not to be dismayed I tried the meatballs.  I seriously should have quit at the hummus.  I couldn't really tell how many meatballs were on the plate as there was a ton of parm on it and not the nice freshly grated kind.  Clearly the cheese was there to cover the blandness of the  meatballs.On the plus side, there are lots of TVs to watch sports and the staff is quite friendly.  Alcohol choices are basic but they do have a local brewery on tap. Once they get the food thing improved it might be a fun place to go.
2	Drink here, but do not eat here. The craft beers on tap and the service were terrific. That's the drink part. The two appetizers I tried were the meatballs and the hummus. They were criminal. The hummus was a tasteless paste with the wrong texture.  Did they run out of tahini, garlic, or both?  The fat-laden meat in the meatballs was so low quality.I never had any desire to move onto the entrees after encountering the botched appetizers.
3	I had lunch here with Local First Arizona today. I didn't get a good look at the decor but I enjoyed the laid back atmosphere. The servers were prompt and attentive - they were at the table immediately upon my arrival and ready to get me a drink.Everyone at my table seemed to enjoy their food - mostly salads and pizza. I had the nachos since it was nacho day. I appreciated the generous portion and the fact that they modified it as I requested even with our big group. I was disappointed that all the cheese and toppings were on top of the pile of chips. The pile was big enough that they could have put half the chips on the plate, added toppings and then repeated the process. After I ate the top layer, all I had was warm plain chips underneath. This isn't a place I'll likely seek out, but it's the type of place I'd go to if I was in the neighborhood.
4	Seriously, as we were leaving we had at least 5 employees say "Thank you, have a good night" it was baffling... it was refreshing...it was lovely.  Great job Legends, it was our first time, but due to the friendly staff it will not be our last!The place was packed, it was a game night.  The food was tasty for the type of place. There was definitely plenty of things to choose from on the menu.  Reasonably priced, good beer prices. Server was a bit slow, but I think we were out of her section, or her section was too large... I saw her at A LOT of tables.... So I can look the other way.
