3	Obviously you don't go to the Waffle House for healthy food, but it serves a purpose. Having lived in that long ago, Waffle House was a cash only trucker's stop filled with smoke and country music on the old juke box. Now, there is no smoking and the clientele is more diverse. The interesting thing about Waffle House, and this location is no different, the parking lot has nearly twice as many parking spots as possible room inside. There were only about 10 tables plus the seats at the bar - and a wall of chairs serving as a waiting area. The waiting area is always full and people standing in front, in the lobby and outside. The booths not only are few in quantity, but they are small in size. In the crazy scheme to make money, you would think they would build larger restaurants - especially here in Arizona where there are only a few locations.I rarely get a waffle. WH is best known for the hash browns - scattered, smothered & covered, please. I get the Toddle Special - the ham & cheese omelet, hash browns, toast & bacon (or sausage). The chocolate milk is typically Hershey's finest and not completely stirred. Today I went with the coffee and it was fine. There are some good things about Waffle House - the service (once seated) is fast and typically friendly. While waiting in the long line for a booth to open, the restaurant provides free coffee, which is something you don't see many places offering.  The people watching is always very exciting at a Waffle House. Last time I saw two big guys playing the role of the butt crack twins. Today it was some people looking like they just rolled out of the hotel next door.  The food is good for what it is - the omelets are fluffy and the hash browns excellent. Now it is not cash only - they do take credit cards. You won't find a wait staff that would make a bestselling Women of Waffle House calendar, but they are efficient and friendly. One of the hardest jobs around would have to be that of a Waffle House cook. The waitresses take the order down and call it out to the cooks in their own lingo. They do not write anything down, but listen and repeat it back. Multiple waitress calling out orders to the same cook - yet the orders are always correct, at least in my experience. Give it up to the Waffle House cooks.I
1	Everything about this place is DISGUSTING!!
1	I can summarize this in one word.  YUCK!  We went for dinner/supper, which is part of the problem.  We ordered t-bone steak and chicken.  The salad bowl had a hole right through the plastic and the steak was way thin.  We ordered it medium and any steak that thin just ends up being cooked as "well done" anyway.  Everything comes with grease dripping hash browns whether you want them or not.  At least the staff was friendly enough and food (if you call it that) was served quickly.  My personal recommendation is that if you're not going to eat breakfast, go somewhere else.
4	One of my favorite "cheap eats" places. T-bone steak & eggs dinner is the hidden gem on the menu! See photo
1	OK guys, I have to update this location. My wife and I ate there last night. A little after 6pm someone did a drive-by and shot out three of the windows. WTF? See my photos for proof, this ain't no BS!
3	I ate here the day of the PHX NASCAR race - I felt like a total redneck.  LOL  That being said, it was decent food - the bisquits and gravy were avg.
1	Don't eat here unless you want to become violently ill.  My boyfriend made the mistake of eating the salsa that was sitting out on the table.  Now I have the joy of taking care of him because he has a really bad case of food poisoning as a result.  Great way to ruin a vacation.
1	Terrible service, seated a couple that came in 10 minutes after us first, let other people supposedly seat themselves!  Worker's yelling at each other, dirty!
4	A tradition to visit with my Dad.  I tried the pecan chicken salad and it was very good.
2	Food was bland and cold. Coffee was decaf . Mest up the orders, staff wasn't attentive.
