4	Wow, I was pleasantly surprised when I stopped by this place.  See, the Las Vegas Weekly had an ad saying if you stopped by this bar between 4pm-7pm on a certain day, you could pick up passes to see an advance screening of Pineapple Express.  I popped in here around 4:15pm to pick up my pass and decided to stay for an early dinner.  The waitress was super friendly, so much so that I ended up leaving her more than a 50% tip on my meal.  The sandwich I got, some sort of chicken pita, was absolutely delicious.  They subbed the side that came with it for a dinner salad for me at no extra charge.  To top it off, the place had free WiFi, so I was able to get some work done while waiting for my meal.  Combine that with some happy hour specials at the bar and you've got a really cool place.  If it only wasn't all the way across town from my house!
4	Just came back to grab another meal when I found myself with time to kill in the area.  Service was just as friendly, and food was just as good.  They did charge me $1.50 extra this time to substitute a salad for the fries, but it's well worth it when you combine the convenience of free wi-fi.
4	The pizza and antipasto salad are delicious!!!  They use quality ingrediants in the food and you can definitly taste it.  They have an owesome beer selection and they have Hoegarden on tap.  Its a big place, a little outdated and the TV's are small.  But other than that ok
4	This is no where near my house, but it's solid.  One of those bars you'd never find or go to unless you were with a local.  Great beers on tap, super friendly staff, a bangin' juke box and 50 cents for each round on one of their two pool tables.  I am happy drinking my $3 Hoegarden all night, playing pool with friends while swaying to the tunes of my choice.  The crowd that you'll find here are a bunch of regulars, from young guys just off their shift, to old dudes catching up, to tattooed guys that aren't as scary as they look.  All in all, a solid establishment, any night of the week.
5	Great hole in the wall kind of place to hang out.  Like another said it is not easy to find unless you are a local or know your way around.  But I would suggest to anyone visiting that wants to get off of the strip and go to a smaller establishment with great food and excellent service, definitely hit this place up!
4	Sports bar (lots of sports memorabilia) with great bar food (a little smoky). Special: cheese pizza (very cheesy), half bucket of wings (very generous order- not really a fan of wings so I didn't have any) and an order of chicken fingers (some were large- we got them plain and the edges were a little too crispy but otherwise very good- not heavy breading, which I hate) for $29.99. Better than PT's. The four of us couldn't finish it- brought home some leftovers.The sandwiches are very good too, BTW. Service is very good- refills fast, very attentive. The waitress was really bubbly and funny. Kinda empty for lunch. Been here many times, hadn't had a bad meal here.   Participates in both www.restaurant.com and the entertainment book. Very close to the Las Vegas Outlet Center (formerly Belz). We went shopping afterwards- crowded, maybe for Back to School sales? Does catering too. Celebrated my husband's step-father's 50th- a surprise party- had about 20-25 people and since they know the owner, got the food for about $225, or somewhere in that neighborhood.
