5	I love Minute Clinics. I rushed to this location one day after a yoga class when I realized that I had that burning, horrid urinary tract infection feeling...ladies, you know what I'm talking about. I was in and out within 15 minutes, which is amazing when you are in that kind of pain. The nurse practitioner was young, funny, and professional, and she was compassionate with my ouchie situation. She also helped me pick out an antibiotic that would be most helpful and cheap since I don't have health insurance. I would have been in a mess a few times without the Minute Clinic, and I think they are a wonderful resource.
3	This is a pretty standard CVS pharmacy, but I really like it for a few reasons. First of all, for some reason it's NEVER crowded, so you're always in and out in no time at all, which is huge. There's always parking, too, so the trip is always a quick one. Grab a coffee at Dunkin' on your way in (it's next door). On top of all the toiletries and random things you'd expect, this CVS has a great drinks selection that I make constant use of. The pharmacy here is also top-notch--great staff that work quickly. You can normally get a prescription in like 15 minutes or so, which is a departure form the way normal pharmacies often work. Also: this CVS normally has lots of great firesales, where stuff you'd probably never think to buy is on hugely discounted sales. I definitely pick up random stuff when I'm in line, and I'm always pleased with what I come away with. Check it out.
4	I headed to the Minute Clinic to get a flu shot. It was a pretty quick and easy process. You sign in on a computer, which takes 5-10 minutes. Depending on how many people are there, you might have to wait. I just waited a couple minutes, then headed in and got a flu shot. The nurse practitioner was really friendly and nice. She also commended me repeatedly for getting a flu shot, and who doesn't like positive recognition?
4	I'm gonna have to give this store 4 stars.  It's not perfect but a) the location is fabulous (uptown), b) for the location the size of the store is bigger than expected, c) I've never waited in line more than 5 minutes.  While there is a Harris Teeter just a block away, I've gotta say that if I need something on the run, I'm at this CVS.  Yes, the parking is a pain.  The lot itself is small and the spots are very tight.  That being said, I have yet to not find a space to park my ultra sleek 2000 malibu ;)  I haven't used the pharmacy here so I will reserve comment.  However, this location has everything I've needed - Diet Pepsi, Birthday cards, shampoo, mascara, packing tape (in case you were wondering).
1	Avoid. I was here tonight and an aggressive panhandler approached me just as I was getting out of my car.
5	As a former Fourth Ward resident: this CVS is literally the best one on Earth.  It's huge and spotless and never crowded.
5	The staff is very friendly and helpful. The pharmacists are very knowledgeable. This is a true neighborhood pharmacy!
