5	There's a new show on the Strip and it's fantastic!  The show features songs by Elton John, Barry Manilow and Billy Joel sung by four exceptionally talented and dynamic singers.  The energy in the show is contagious.  Savannah, Sophia, Brett and Russel each have their own distinct style and together they create a harmony that reminded me of Manhattan Transfer.  They put their own spin on these classic songs and make them unique, yet familiar.  The choreography is fun and energized and the live band gives the show that feeling of being in a nightclub. The costumes for the female singers are simply divine!  From sexy to sweet, teasing to elegant - the costumes tell the story of the songs.  Go!  This show is going to be a hit!
4	So, I was reluctant to see this but my wife dragged me to it. Surprisingly, I thoroughly enjoyed myself. The four singers did a great job and did justice to Sir Elton John, Barry Manilow, and billy Joel. A nice clean respectful show.
5	Don't miss this show.  If you like Elton John, Barry Manilow or Billy Joel these guys/girls put on a fantastic show,  Non stop hit songs, one right after another.Back up band is second to none.  Act consists of two male singers and two female singers and they are all great.  Each one could have a show of their own, so it'sfour times the talent when they're all on the stage.  I'd rather see this show thanmany of the big names on the strip....they're better.
4	Piano Man features classics from Billy Joel, Elton John, and Barry Manilow. If this is your kind of music, then this is your kind of show! We saw this in the V-Theater. It's an intimate (read: small) theater in the Miracle Mile shops. I didn't like being forced into the lounge prior to the show, where you can either order cocktails or just sit at the bar and wait to be let in. Why not just open the doors when we can head in the theater? Oh! Because they're trying to rip you off on overpriced drinks. The pregnant lady wasn't impressed, LOL. The 4 singers - 2 men and 2 women - are extremely fun and engaging. Excellent vocals and good choreography make for a fun hour and a half. And the band is the real star of the show. They're very talented. The sax player was my favorite. My husband and I expected at least 1 real piano, but the band includes a keyboard. When we got going, we didn't feel like we were missing anything without a real piano. The show will definitely get your toes tapping and make you wanna sing along! Check it out!
4	Enjoyable show. Well cast and well produced. Slick costume changes and range of songs bring back memories. Pleased we went to the show. Would recommend.
5	New show, great, great singers. The music and entertainment is exciting and if you love billy joel, manilow & elton john, this is the show for you to sing along. The two women and two men will knock your socks off with their vocal talents. Dont miss it.
