5	Love the California Roll and Miso Soup, cheap prices too.
5	This was a wonderful find. Went there the very night I moved into a house around the corner. And then continued to go almost weekly. I adore their sushi. Coming from a native San Franciscan this means I lot. I was hestitant to eat raw fish at all while I lived in Wisconsin. Edo changed my mind. The prices are reasonable. The portions are impressive. Don't forget to notice the cabinatery. I've been told the owner made them. And I swear to god, their water tastes SO good. I have no idea why.
5	Great Japanese restuarant, and I believe they deliver anywhere in Madison! I live at least 5 miles away (NorthSide!), and they deliver in 45 minutes on a large order of food!  As far as the food goes, it is high quality.  My favorites include the spicy tuna roll, the Dragon roll, and the Ikura (salmon roe).  Probably the best sushi/sashimi value in Madison.I've only eaten in the restaurant once, but it has beautiful woodwork, a fancy sidebar and sushibar, and excellent service.
5	As far as seafood in the Midwest goes, it's tough to beat Edo.  Great food.  Reasonable prices.  Pleasant atmosphere.  Some might argue that Wasabi serves better sushi better for an overall dinner experience, Edo can't be beat.
5	Edo is excellent!  My fiance's boss took us out on Saturday night and it seems they have expanded the menu.  We've been there before, but it only seems to have gotten better.  Since I am allergic to shellfish (most kinds, and some other crustaceans) I am somewhat limited in experience.  I highly recommend the Dragon roll and the new Rock n' Roll.   Some people had the Lobster hibachi and shrimp teryaki.  I tried a wee bit o the lobster and found it was delightful, and only caused minor discomfort for a few minutes (well worth it:)  A very comfortable restaurant with good service and delicious food.  What more can you ask for?
5	This place was fantastic. I was recommended by a coworker and wasn't disappointed. The food, atmosphere, and were all exceptional!!
4	i have an annual 'problem' relationship with edo. i order delivery for days in a row, and then i stop because of something they forgot, or they took to long, or i realize i'm spending too much money on takeout.that said, they're pretty consistent with presentation and taste. i'm usually good at figuring out which day of the week a sushi place gets their fish delivery (making the day before that a relatively bad one on which to order), but i haven't been able to pinpoint edo's delivery day.you can get 4 rolls for under $20 right at your front door! the fish is of a good texture, and as long as they don't forget the wasabi, i'll not be disappointed.
4	Edo has often fabulous sushi and intensely attentive service. Case in point, after my boyfriend paid for our meal with his debit card, he left it on the table.  Our waiter chased us down the street to give him his card back.  The sushi is lovely, well crafted, and fresh.  Don't be fooled by the Park Street location--  the atmosphere, food, and service are almost always excellent.  However the two times we ordered delivery I have been less than pleased with the presentation and quality of the rolls.  The Bento Box lunch specials are a steal.  Oftentimes, it is not very crowded, so it is a great place to have an intimate meal.
3	Below average Japanese at a reasonable price with average service and ambiance...Possibly spoiled by Izumi's in Milwaukee and other fine Japanese restaurants, I was rather disappointed in my sushi experience. The variety of sushi offered was average and fresh, but did not have the character or richness of the good sushi enjoyed elsewhere. The tempura tried was seemingly triple-battered, which made a lightly fried treat seem heavy and less savory. Other dishes including their miso soup and fried rice were merely adequate with no stand outs.The location is convenient; nestled in the 500 Park St. block -- it is a bit of an eyesore, but inside, it is larger than expect, yet  had a cozy feel at the same time.  The service was quick in spots and negligent about drinks and check distribution at other times (business was moderate). The best feature Edo provides is price. It is amongst the least expensive Japanese restaurants that I have ever patronized.If you live in Madison and want fresh (but modestly appealing) Japanese food at a value price, Edo's is for you.
2	Grade: D-"Calamari" rings the size of deep-fried handcuffs and crab spelled with a "K"? I really enjoyed the sucky Chicken Teriyaki. Yuck. No wonder there are no fat Japanese people.
4	I am confused when I don't see Edo listed with Takara and Wasabi among Madison's best sushi restaurants.  Portions are larger than Takara's and are fresher than Wasabi's.  Edo serves great maki.  Best are the sweet potato tempura and salmon tempura maki.  The spicy tuna and salmon rolls are good, too.To boot, the service and atmosphere is authentic, quick, and friendly.The only drawback is that their specials sometimes aren't as fresh as they could be.  But that's probably why they are the special.I have yet to try the sushi or sashimi yet.
4	The first two times I ate here I thought tasty sushi and nothing special about the service, but a neat atmosphere.However I went here for lunch this afternoon and it was great.  I got good miso soup a nice little salad, a spicy tuna roll, tuna roll, and philadelphia roll in addition to some crab meat and tempura flakes with spicy sauce that the sushi chef gave me on the house and all of it was great.  The cost of this massive feast was only $14.50 quite a deal, and the service was better with everyone being friendly and polite.  Edo is definately worth checking out if you have not eaten here before and I have a feeling I'll go back again real soon.
4	I can't testify as to anything except their sushi, but I was always impressed with it.  Great atmosphere considering it is located on Park.  They also deliver, which is a bonus.  The prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you get and the service is always top notch.  Edo is a great environment for the sushi novice.It just frustrates me that others devalue Edo because it isn't a high end Japanese joint with sleek, modern design and innovative food. That isn't the point. Just enjoy it for what it is.
1	I took my Japanese Mother thinking it would be a treat for her not to cook. Wrong!! You can tell what the quality of the restaraunt by their miso soup. It was clearly instant soup. And it was just warm. Japanese people have to have thier food hot. We were hungry so we ate the food we ordered but we were very disappointed with the taste. My Mother could make much better Sushi.The green tea also tasted old. Maybe the tea came from their namesake, "Edo" era. Yes,I give credit for their atmosphere but that is it. Ask youself, is Japanese food really about the "quantity" OR "Quality "? If it's quantity,then go to a Chinese restraurant.
4	I don't like Edo as much as I like Takara, but it's a good alternative.  I've been there two or three times, and each time has been equally pleasant.  The decor is stunningly beautiful, and the waitstaff is attentive and friendly.  The sushi is very good, but I just like Takara's more.
4	For a place that is hidden among the wasteland of South Park Street, this is truly a jewel in the rough when it comes to rolls.  The variety, flavor, and innovation of their rolls far surpasses Takara and is a better value than Muramoto when you don't want to spend too much on dinner but still be satisfied.  If you want to make sushi a standard part of your diet, Edo can give you the value and taste to make that happen.  The rest of the menu is pretty standard (tempura, teriyaki, noodles), but allows you to bring even non-sushi lovers and kids along for a pleasant dinner.  The atmosphere and service is much quieter and attentive than chaotic Takara on State Street as well.  Additional plus: what can be better than delievery sushi?!  This may not be as good as sushi in Japan, but when you're landlocked in Wisconsin, this is a great compromise.
3	I get Edo's food regularly simply because they deliver.  The sushi is OK, and the fried rice is OK.  If you're dining out, there are better options for both.
3	Only visited once, so take that into consideration.The rolls and the nigiri were good and the veg. tempura was humongous and mouth burning hot, but that's just about every japanese place.  The service was a bit slow, but nothing horrible.A few minor issues, one, the container of soy was impossible to pour without spilling.  Also, I'm not sure how I feel about the giant reusable plastic chopsticks.  On the one hand they are helping the environment by not using disposable bamboo, but on the other hand, I'm concerned about reused utensils that are not metal.  Anyway, good food, not the greatest location, worth a visit.
3	Went here on a Tuesday evening and it was pretty dead. Three of us shared a Edo Loveboat and it was just the right amount of sushi/sashimi/rolls. The fish was fresh and they didn't skimp on the choices of fish. The rolls didn't knock my socks off, but they certainly weren't the worst I had in town. The service was excellent (our server split the salads and soups three ways, even though the order only came with two) and the sake passable. Ranks better than many sushi places in town (ie: wasabi, sushi hut, takara) but I didn't care for how Americanized the rolls were.
4	They deliver! Need I say more?
2	I went to Edo last night with two friends. I believe we choose to go there because one of the girls I was with loves hibachi and the prices are cheaper than Ginza. In this case, lower prices means lower quality.Jenn and I split a spicy tuna roll and both ordered udon noodles. Bailey ordered shrimp hibachi. The salad was typical of a Japanese restaurant, but Bailey and Jenn said the clear soup lacked flavor. Our sushi was also bland. Bailey's hibachi I guess had more of a "teriyaki" flavor which was not what she wanted. Because I'm not as experienced with udon, I thought it was ok, but Jenn said she has definitely had better. All in all, it was a disappointing experience.
4	Ok, sushi-wise I'd probably call it a 2.5... maybe a three BUT they DELIVER!  That being said, I've never set foot in the place, but I've had it a couple of times :)They are fairly hard to understand on the phone and they've gotten lost nearly every time (I do live in a hard to find place, but I warn against that when I order) and the sushi is meh, but seriously THEY DELIVER.  I really don't mind the price to be able to enjoy a little bit of sushi while my daughter sleeps!  Nothing really imaginative on the menu... I'd suggest the Black Pearl Roll, and any of the Spicy Crunchy ones and the Caterpillar Roll.  The Crazy Dragon Roll sounds great, but doesn't travel well :(  If I ever make it in to the actual restaurant it will be the first one I try!
4	Our waiter was one of the most genuinely happy people I've encountered in weeks, for real!  He was super sweet, attentive, and actually seemed true in his happiness level, not an ounce of fakeness to be seen.  I liked the ambiance of this place - soft lighting, shiny wood floors and tables.  One caveat was that they had a radio station playing as the background music (meaning you also hear dj's and ad's).  May I suggest... a cd or an ipod?The menu was pretty extensive, with more vegetarian rolls offered than I'm used to - approximately 10 choices.  And all in the $4 range!   There was no shittake mushroom (wah wah) but the sweet potato tempura roll was quite good, along with the rainbow roll (asparagus, avocado, cucumber).  $1.75 for tea, which was bottomless.  Food was nicely presented, although I always wish restaurants would do that final touch of wiping the rim of plates before they leave the kitchen so you don't see finger prints all over them.  (Can you tell I used to work in a restaurant where we were rather diligent about this?!)  Overall, nice atmosphere, easy street parking, decent prices, great service, and good food makes this a place to which I'd happily return.
4	Quite tasty (by Wisconsin standards) but a bit pricey for what it is.  Still, the specialty rolls are fabulous, especially the firehouse roll.
3	Stopped by last night for dinner with a friend.  Neither of us had been to Edo before.We were shocked that it was completely empty at 7:00pm on a Tuesday night.  Needless to say, we were promptly seated and within seconds had warm cups of green tea in our hands.  There were signs indicating the restaurant had a new owner and that no gift certificates would be honored.  No worries - we didn't have a certificate.  We browsed the expansive menu and had several questions.  Unfortunately, our server wasn't able to answer any questions - she struggled to understand our questions, one of which included, "Do you have any rolls with brown rice?"  Her reply, "Sashimi is good no rice."We eventually ordered:SaladsClear SoupTuna rollVeggie rollSelection of sashimi - scallop, fatty salmon, yelllowtail, and red snapperSalads and soup arrived prompty.  The iceburg lettuce base was soaking wet and featured a single slice of cucumber and a few shreds of carrot.  The ginger dressing was tasty and was served on the side.Clear soup was wonderful - I thought it was one of the best soups I've had in a long time.  The mushrooms were delicious, and the broth had just a hint of smokey flavor to it.  Rolls arrived about 10-15 minutes later, along with the sashimi.  The tuna roll was very fishy... that scares me, because if there's one thing you don't really want, it's fishy-tasting raw fish.  I took my chances and downed the roll, regardless.The scallops were clean tasting, but it appeared as though the serving consisted of one large scallop that had been cut into 3 slices.  The fatty salmon was ok - nothing to rave about, and again, consisted of 3 smallish pieces.  The yellowtail didn't have much flavor at all and was almost too firm - like it was semi-frozen.  Finally, the red snapper had a strongish fish flavor and scent - again, maybe it wasn't as fresh as one would've liked.  I'm told the veggie roll had a fish flavor to it; I didn't detect any while taking a taste, but my dining partner is rather sensitive to fishy flavors, much more so than I am.  Our bill came to just about $45.  Not bad for sushi, but considering the underwhelmingly small portions and the questionable freshness of a few pieces, I'm not sure I'd race back to the place.  I should've probably given 2.5 stars, but that's not an option, so we'll give a gratuitous 3.EDO = MEHService = 2.5 stars (decent, but difficult communications)Food = 2.25 stars (I guess sushi in NYC and SF have spoiled me)Value = 2 stars MISC = 3 stars (great tea, comfortable dining area)Summary: I'll probably look elsewhere for sushi when the next craving strikes.  Given Madison's track record for non-traditional foods, I'll likely be driving to Chicago to enjoy some sushi.  :-)
4	New ownership, sign states they won't honor gift certificates issued by prior owner. (Am writing this review on iPhone.) Great location. You can tell authenticity with the details, e.g., beautiful sushi platter presentation, printed thick paper napkin, personalized printed chopstick wrap. Had the salmon lover sushi platter, got 8 pieces for about $15, served with miso and salad. For this price, I expected 12 pieces. But I guess the close proximity to the University and Capitol justifies the what seems to be downtown Chicago price points. Both salmon and sushi were freshly made. Salmon was tender, not  chewy. Except for price points, I would have given 5 stars. Would definitely come back and recommend.
2	Decided to order delivery from here not too long ago because, hey, sushi brought straight to your door sounds like a good idea. Terrible mistake. The food took about an hour and a half to arrive. By the time it got here, it was ice-cold, making even more apparent the fact that this food tastes just like those day-old Chinese leftovers you have in your fridge.Now, I didn't say week-old leftovers. The food wasn't quite rancid. But my Philadelphia rolls, maki rolls, and calamari all tasted like nothing and cost me a fortune. It's kind of like that flavor you get while chewing gum that you've already sucked all the sugar out of. How they managed to turn something as simple and flavorful as a Philadelphia roll into a chewy ball of rice just blows my mind.The only thing I can say in their defense is that they did make some excellent udon noodles (that is, after I thoroughly nuked them). But at $12 a pint, I would sure as hell be much better off getting those noodles from any cheap Chinese or Thai takeout joint.
5	I love this place, I have been here too many times to remember. The sushi is fantastic and a good price as far as sushi goes. I have been to most of the other places in town, including Takara, Sushi Miramoto and Restaurant Miramoto, and this place is the best value for the money.  They have creative stuff too, one time I got a special appetizer that was pringles with spicy crunchy tuna and avocado on top! The atmosphere is quiet, which I like because I am hard of hearing, but if you are looking for a hopping place don't come here. One thing, the service is questionable. They are prompt but there is some strange vibe sometimes, like I am being judged for being a loud hungry American. But, I don't mind because it is that good. Godzilla roll is bomb.
1	Last night was one of those nights where I felt entirely too unmotivated to actually leave my apartment in the pursuit of a meal. After a bit of searching, stumbled upon Edo. A Japanese restaurant that delivers? Heck yes.After waiting about an hour and a half for my food to somehow wander hopelessly across Madison to my door, we hungrily tore into our brown paper delivery bags.  my boyfriend and I were disappointed with the quality of food - especially considering it was on the pricier end.My boyfriend reported that the gyoza were ok, however the chicken and steak hibachi came absolutely drowning in some vague, tasteless sort of sauce. Seriously. The tupperware container it came in was half full of some grayish sort of horrible hibachi stew that was miraculously flavorless. Unfortunately, the blandness somehow permeated the meat - how can you make FLAVORLESS MEAT?! :(I ordered the Spicy Tuna Bowl and a Spicy Tuna Crunch roll - unfortunately both came absolutely covered in tasteless, manufactured tempura flakes. These were not the crispy delicious tempura flakes that I have found at both Ginza and Takumi here in Madison, but rather the bland, crumbly white sort that you shake out of a can from the grocery store. Paste-flavored, gritty and disgusting. You couldn't even taste the tuna - or spicy mayo beneath the sea of absorbent, kitty litter tempura.The spicy tuna bowl would have been a delicious idea - had it come with some sort of dressing that I could detect, had not been absolutely buried beneath the tasteless tempura grit and if the lettuce had not been of questionable quality at best.Save your money and your time - get out of the house and go find some real food.
1	Joined my friend and her husband here for dinner. It took 20 min for them to bring our drinks and we found hair in the food.
3	My review is between an A-OK and Meh. I order all vegetarian sushi and it was just so damn bland. I think it's true that avocados are better in California because these had nothin' going for them.The seaweed salad was good, but I've experienced better.Delivery was fast. I also appreciated that the packaging was small and not wasteful.
1	Sad food. Dirty windows. Cold tea. Poor response to complaints. I had lunch at Edo and was very disappointed. While nearly empty, service took time. When the tea arrived it was barely lukewarm. Taking cues from the dirty windows, I only ordered cook food bento box (I love sushi, so this was already a compromise). The salad was yellowed ice berg. Bitter and old. The shrimp were overly chewy, the vegetables cold. When I told the waitress that my food was not warm, she took my plate and placed it down a couple tables away. Another waitress returned and said she saw the chef cook it. At this point I was afraid what would happen if I lost sight of the plate. FINE, I said, just give it back (now even colder than before).Did I mention that the ginger was limp and soggy?Never again!
5	Yum, I don't know how it get's better than a sushi place that delivers. I've never had anything I've ordered taste less than fantastic*.
2	Worst service ever!!!!!! Their waitress seriously need more training or just more manners!!
1	The staff is incompetent, I will never go here again. The sushi is mediocre at best -- there are much better Japanese restaurants in Madison, stay clear of this one. Way better options would include Takara, Red Sushi, Muramoto - take your pick.
4	I've been here a lot, before the new management/owners and after, and I like it!  It seems to have improved lately, though. I almost always order sushi, so I can't really comment on the hot food, with the exception of the fried rice, which I ordered last time.    I ordered chicken fried rice, and it was some of the best I've ever had. Not the least bit greasy, full of fresh vegetables, sliced thinly--it was fantastic.   It came with miso soup--while I've had better miso soup, it wasn't horrible. I also ordered the Caterpillar roll and the Iron Man roll, and both were great. The Caterpillar has shrimp tempura with tuna and avocado, and the Iron Man had lobster, shrimp, avocado, and some other stuff--it was a special on the board that night.  I've also had their spicy tuna and salmon rolls, the California roll, the Godzilla roll and a few others--I've not been disappointed so far. Some I like more than others, but it has to dowith personal preferences, not the quality of the food.    I have also always had fast, friendly service--I never get delivery, always take-out. I will definitely be going again.
1	I ordered delivery from this place - about $35 worth of sushi and food. When the delivery driver came to our apartment I asked for change on $40 and I was going to give him a tip. The delivery driver (shorter asian man) started YELLING at me about how he drove across town and he couldn't believe I was going to give him less than a $5 tip. Are you kidding me sir? I don't technically have to tip you at all! The guy was extremely rude and I will NEVER order from this location again. Tip: Go to the Edo location on Monona drive! They have always been great and have awesome customer service!
3	Just ordered delivery from here. Overall I am disappointed. I got the magic roll, avocado roll, and philadelphia roll. The philly roll is mostly cream cheese, very very very little salmon. The rice is also very thin. The magic roll is forgettable. The rolls overall are very small for the price. Delivery service was fine, just really wish the sushi was better.Update: If you order the hand rolls they give you a ton of fish. They will call you to confirm that you know the roll is like a ice cream cone. Whenever I feel like I need a ton of salmon I order hand rolls from here now. So if you order here, get the hand rolls!!!
5	Have never been disappointed with the place.  I have tried both delivery sushi and sitting down and dining with them for sushi and both were great experiences.  Also tried the Japanese soda during one of my lunch visits, it's delicious, refreshing, and fun! Enjoy
4	I first visited Edo Japanese Restaurant as part of a class project. I was acting as a promotions team member for Savor South Madison, a website that aims to inform UW students and the greater Madison community about the amazing restaurants in South Madison.I've only recently became a sushi fan, and Edo has played a big part in encouraging me to try different types Their menu is pretty extensive and offers a lot of sushi as well as traditional Japanese meals. The presentation of the food is one of the best parts of eating at Edo. Sometimes the sushi looks so pretty you don't want to eat it!I have brought a lot of my friends to Edo and they absolutely love it. Not a lot of students on the UW-Madison campus take the time to venture to South Madison, but Edo is a perfect showcase of how much the community has to offer as far as food and dining. If you have not been to Edo Japanese Restaurant, I encourage you to try it out! And when you're done, head farther down Park Street and see what other gems you can find.
2	I ate here not too long ago and would always come here whenever I was craving sushi. I came with a group of 6 people and we all ordered sushi. The rolls I got vs my friends rolls were so disappointing! They were practically invisible. The take out sushi from Copps looked better than the rolls I received. Needless to say, this experience has pretty much left me not wanting to come back here.
5	Great food terrible pop music playing while eating. Everyone complain for me. They should be playing some crazy Japanese Kyoto music!
1	Service out weighs food. Food is decent, but I'd rather give my business to a place with better service.
5	I absolutely love going to this restaurant, I've been working on going to all the sushi restaurants in Madison and so far this is one of my favorites! The sushi is delicious, and the service is great. Not to mention prices are affordable, I look forward to going here more often.
3	Takeout! Good scallion pancakes. Adequate sushi. Terribly confusing pick up experience. Not so much for me, but for the poor host as I kept repeating that I was here for pick up until it worked. Not in the nicest neighborhood in town, based on creepers at the daybar next door. Though that might be changing with the shiny new apartments going up over there.
1	I ordered the sashimi and it was the worst sushi I have ever had. The fish did not taste fresh and was served in a bowl which I found rather strange. Over all terrible. I will not be getting sushi here again.
1	We went on saturday night. It was near empty. The sushi was average at best- too much crunchy rice. The waiter was some dumpy guy that was so slow and lazy. I can not believe he was ever hired. He needed to be reminded to actually bring us our drinks. He told us it would not be possible to order spicy tuna without the crunch. Ihave been eating sushi long enough to know that it is possible to make the spicy tuna roll without crunch.
2	They delivered late which was great as an alternative to Sushi Express but the texture of their sushi was a little off. To mushy to be able to taste the different parts of the roll. Not bad for delivery at 11pm but certainly not as good as my go to, sushi express.
1	It was a lazy night, so I decided to order delivery sushi from Edo. I know I shouldn't have the highest standards for delivery sushi, but I was disappointed nonetheless. Their raw fish just did not taste good. And they left out the green onion in a roll that has two ingredients... one of them being green onion. The crunchy spicy tuna roll was all right, it at least had the spicy tuna flavor. But the caterpillar roll tasted like nothing but tempura batter to me. The bottom line is that the food does not taste good.
2	Meh....  I had sushi for lunch. The presentation was lovely but the sushi was quite mediocre. The rice was heavy and the fishi lacked the clean fresh flavor I love at Red Sushi Grill or Murimoto at Hilldale. It reminded me of supermarket sushi. I have eaten here before and had much the same experience.
1	Ordered online. Called when they were 10 minutes late for delivery (Time provided by them from the email confirmation) She said just a few more minutes. I called 20 minutes later and they said just 5 more minutes. I said 30 minutes late is unacceptable when you only get 30 minutes for lunch. She said they will take $5 off. I said doesn't help that my lunch is over. She said it just takes longer. My response was then call to let customer know you are running late. She hung up on me. Never ordering from them again!
5	I love this place! They always have great, fresh sushi and wonderful specials.It's close to everything downtown and they even deliver. I love the kiss roll and the Kani salad. And the super Edo roll is also fantastic.It's a nice quiet place that you can meet up with friends and eat sushi and have a glass of plum wine.
