3	How are you gonna close the store 10 mins early? I needed some milk gosh dagnit! The baby was hungry and people were still trying to get in!This might be the dullest star in the Teeter line up. This one is ghetto. It's dirty in comparison to other Teeters and the food, especially the seafood never looks fresh! Ah oh well. When it's this close, who am I to complain about convenience.
1	I'm not sure where to start. Cashier's were horrible baggers:  - I had two separate orders and she bagged them together without asking. they were going to two separate places.  - She put raw chicken  in with my strawberries- she but my English muffins thrown in with other items that crushed them.If your going to set up your registers so that cashier has to directly bag everything, please train them how to bag groceries appropriately.My boyfriend was there last week and he left his cart to go down an isle to get something. when he came back it was gone and he found an employee finishing putting his stuff back on the shelf! The employees didn't even offer to help get him his stuff back.
4	Good selection of stuff here, good prices and helpful staff.
3	Convenient, and clean some things are more pricey than other stores.
2	I love Harris Teeter but this store is one I really don't care for. Service is awful. Manager is terrible. Store is older and needs to be remodeled.
1	Horrible!Call and get one price, you show up to get script and get different price. Never have capacity to fill the prescription in full.Not interested in helping - Not worth 1 star!
2	Despite being really nice and organize inside, I found this grocery store to a bit pricey! Coming from Canada the prices are normally higher, but this store has items priced higher than we do!! Suprise! So ask yourself, how much are you saving by shopping here?The bonus is they are open 24hrs and have everything you need. They also offer free wifii, a really nice air conditioned facility and a huge private parking. They also sell flowers for men that needs a quick affection lol. Anyways have fun shopping!
3	This Harris Teeter missed the mark and is coming up short!This Harris teeter doesn't have the upscale feeling of most other Harris teeters. While the customer service is good it's missing some of the things I've grown to love about Harris Teeter. The donuts are stale and the salad bar is very minimal. Of course they have all the grocery essentials, but if you're looking for lunch or a quick drink from Starbucks...this isn't the Harris Teeter for you.
