5	Great spot for comedy, karaoke and live bands! They just added the KJs from Mcfaddens to Tuesday nights since they are no longer open. The room looks awesome and the sound system rocks! They also have bands on Saturday nights. A nice mix of entertainment!
3	I came here to see an afternoon show yesterday.  The room is fairly small, but it's a nice little venue for a show.There's a bar as you enter.  Seating was in a semi-circle facing the stage.  The back of the stage had lights that changed color as the director of this show wanted.If I saw there was another show here, I wouldn't hesitate to come see it if the show appealed to my taste.
3	A spot to check out. Music: 5/5 I went on a Sunday which this is a venue location that people can rent out & on Sunday its an event called "DUB CHURCH". When you first go if your not really into EDM mainly dubstep and drum and bass you might get a little freaked out by the crowd it attracts. BUT I liked the music the local under ground artist were very entertaining and I had great time. Venue: 2/5 The Venue is small I was a little concerned because even though the bouncer at the door checked every ones ID's some people looked a little too young to be there. Like I said the venue is small kind of run down a bit could use a little work. The carpet looked dark and dirty like It hasn't been washed in forever.Price: 2/5 The drinks were way to over priced for a place like this. it was $19 for a crown and coke (in a rather small cup) and a corona. For a place like this I'd expect cheaper beers and cheaper mixed drinks but they charged prices just like the bigger Las Vegas clubs. I was definitely not expecting that.
5	great place, great vibes
3	3.5Went to the comedy show two nights ago. Really small room, plenty of tables and chairs but it was pretty packed, so I'd suggest showing up early if you want to choose where you sit. Cocktail service available, don't know how much drinks were, didn't pay for mine. It's located right across from the Gaylord Indian restaurant just incase you have trouble finding it.On to the show, I'd say the funniest was the host BJ, everyone else was pretty good. I'd say out of 6 comedians 4 were really good, 1 mediocore and 1 bad. Not a bad deal for an hour and a half show. Would go again.
1	DO NOT START A TAB! CASH ONLY! went here and they fraudulently charged my girlfriend's credit card $190 worth of drinks! We loved the band and the music but the bartenders are shady....that's why I am giving 1 star otherwise 5 stars. KEEP IT CASH!!!
4	This is the place to be if you like live reggae music on Saturday nights!  The bands that they have perform are legit.  This past time I went with my girlfriends it was no cover charge and we got these passes for 2 for 1 drinks.  How could you go wrong?  I like the atmosphere here because not only is it good music but the people are really nice, it makes it feel like you are just hanging out with your friends.  I usually stay at the Rio and I never knew about this place.  I will definitely hit this place again when I'm in town.
4	Eddie Griffin popped my Comedy Show cherry this week and now I want more! Holy Bat balls was he funny. I've been spending the rest of the week just trying to remember everything he said and retelling anyone who will listen to me. My favorite was when he was clowning on 50 Cent. He said he thinks he is a gangsta. He got shot 8 times in one incident. That N**** ain't no gangsta. He should change his name to Bullet Catcher! The N**** who shot him without wasting a single bullet and no one knows his name is a effin gangsta. Ka-kow!HE PERFORMED FOR OVER TWO HOURS. I was rollin the whole time. The more he drank the funnier he became. He talked about hoes, Jesus, how he wants to bang Michelle Obama, how Snoop's so skinny you can see his back through his chest, etc. Nothing was off limits and I couldn't get enough. If you like comedy you have got to see his show. Tickets aren't cheap so don't take anyone with you who wouldn't appreciate it or who has bad breathe or body odor because that would suck to have to smell that shit for two hours long. I even had a backstage pass to meet his ass, but believe it or not I got shy and chickened out like a big, fat vagina.  Now for the venue. For starters, King's Room is not at Crown. It is separate and in a small, dark, intimate theater. When you walk in you think you are waiting to get into the Haunted Mansion. The seats are not all that comfortable, but I'm not that picky. They have a bar inside the show and Kat Von D's ugly stepsisters as waitresses come around the whole time to keep you buzzed. There is a bathroom inside, but I didn't dare get up and go for fear of missing a single joke. Advice. Go early and be one of the first to go inside the showroom. You want to sit as far away from the front door as you can. Rio still has that gay flying boat show where they toss the beads and you don't even have to flash for them. It's obnoxiously loud and it will disturb you if you are close to that door. Other than that this place and specifically this show is real cool. Stop taking life so seriously for a night and go get your laugh on. It just might make the weight of the world feel a little lighter after.
1	Let a white person talk about a black the way he talks about whites and Boy The world comes to an end for that white person.At one point Eddie says when I become president I will force all the white people into slavery.  This sh%$$ went on the whole show. Lasted 50 mins. and had to walk out. Eddie was a funny MF'er in,  Duce Big that whole ManGina was a crack up why does he have to be such a hatter. He can rot.
4	Incredibly funny!! Eddie is not a "hater"...He just voices what alot of people  think in a more amplified/exagerated tone.  That's what comedy is.  In fact, if you are a sensitive/ "pc" individual, this may not be the show for you (go to another cirque show, or may celine dion).  If you appreciate raw/real comedy, please go see him.
1	The show that would never end!  We went in May... The guy needed to go to rehab... It was sad and pathetic.. basically watched him drawl on himself for several hours...
2	Let's Start with the Room.  DON'T  I repeat DON'T purchase an expensive ticket. The Cheap Seats are just as good as the VIP Section... in Some Cases better.  You will thank me later.   Each seat is very close to the stage... now on to EddieI was expecting to see him like on HBO or something... he had 20 Good First Minutes then the rest sound like he was bitter at life. he went about 40 Mins of this.... then the last 5 before he exited the stage was good.  My boy needs to stop doing what ever in Life he is doing Bad and go back to being Eddie GriffinThe room was a dive and he smoke about a Pack and had 6 Glasses of Wine/Champagne  I was so Glad to Leave.... Bad Joke + Smokey Room on a Hot Ass Night = Negro you ain't Funny.
5	He went for about 100 minutes and was funny for all 100 minutes.  If you like comedy shows, this is the funniest in Vegas.  I was not a big eddie griffen before I went, but I am now.I purchased the cheap tickets and if you get there at 6pm and wait, you will have great seats.  Seats are first come, first serve by sections.
