5	Best OB/GYN practice in the city, especially if you have a high risk pregnancy. The staff is professional, knowledgable and provides a very high level of care. Dr. Adashek is the best doctor I've ever had; I wish I had found him years ago. Expect to wait longer than your appointment time - brink a book/magazine/tablet etc., and be patient. He takes the time to spend with each of his patients.
1	Staff was very rude well the front desk girl was. Lost my I.d. on vacation and they turned my daughter away who is 17 all though they were given a dmv print out of my I.d a expired I.d.. a birth certificate a social security card and a gym card the girl was rude from the beginning and after a hour of sitting there she then decides to turn us away. I call the other office and they tell me that will be fine to come on in but after speaking with the other office they then said "we have the same policy" its bad enough to be going through a situation and these people who are on a power trip make it worse..dont be ridiculous seriously! She looked down on my daughter either for being hispanic or being pregnant at 17 either way none of her business and other then this situation they had a room full of people waiting due to being slow as turtles
3	I do really like desert perinatal, I like the staff, doctors and nurses. However disappointed on my last appointment. I was due for a regular shot and schedule my appointment at 9am like I usually do. And that gives me sufficient time to be done with what's needed and be on my way to work. However, today I ended up waiting 49 mins just see a nurse for seriously what seemed like a minute. I needed one preventative shot and that was it. Cost me 49 mins and walking late into work. I asked "what's the hold up?" Apparently only 2 nurse were working the morning shift... Other than the wait I really do like the staff and the office and how friendly and knowledgeable everyone really is here, so of course I will always be going back.
5	We have had nothing but a great experience with Desert Perinatal Associates thus far, appointment times have been accurate with small wait times. The staff at the front desk is cheerful and helpful with explaining insurance benefits and charges. Once Dr Adashek comes into the room he takes more than enough time to explain procedures and his thoughts about our individual pregnancy. When he presents elective procedures he takes extra time to address my questions and concerns, I feel lucky to have him as our physician.I would recommend this practice to my friends and family.
