3	A cosy, candle lit interior and some comfy seating seem to mask the mediocrity of this bar. If your passing by, or have just seen a performance in the nearby Kings Theatre, the Cuckoo's Nest is ideal for a sociable tipple.There's a basement lounge available for private hire, free of charge apparently. Plus, plenty of meal deals and the occasional steak Sunday amass to an A-OK option.
4	The Cuckoo's nest is the perfect place for a quiet mid-week pint. It's quiet enough to have a chat but has a great atmosphere as well, certainly chilled out and welcoming.There are usually some really good deals that help keep the cost of your sessiopn down, but even if you dont fancy something that is on special offer, the prices are usually cheap anyway.The inside of the pub is hard to describe, its a cross between old man and modern chiq. Odd, but some how it works. It's also small, and split across two floors.A nice little place.
5	I love this pub. It's the pub in Edinburgh that most feels like you're just having some drinks in someone's really cool flat. The people who work there are always so nice and friendly. Every time I'm there the other people in the pub feel like "my kind of people" which is something I really like about a pub. It's also on the Backstage Edinburgh pass:http://www.facebook.com/backstageedinburgh?ref=ts
5	I'm going to go ahead and give them 5 stars. This was the first meal I had in Edinburgh, and was chosen completely randomly, so I can't say anything particular drew us in. It's a tiny pub and from the outside looks like nothing special, but it is so cute and comfortable inside with candles all around and cushioned bench seats with pillows. It also has some of the best pub food I've had in Edinburgh, with an interesting menu (they have wraps! Being an American in Edinburgh, it's so hard to find a good wrap) and a decent selection of draft beers along with a cocktail menu. If you're looking for a small pub with a great atmosphere and good pub food, definitely check it out.
3	Sort of stumbled in here one random night. It's a safe place for drinks and food. It has a barebones menu, though, and can get quite cramped up at the bar, especially because that's where you have to order and pay. The food portions are large though, so you won't walk out hungry.
4	I've walked past this pub regularly for a couple of years and never been tempted to go in... until this month. I realise now that I have been missing out on a very good thing. From outside The Cuckoo's Nest looks as though it is a rough, old man's local, but it most definitely is not. The interior is delightfully decorated, with lots of soft, cosy chairs and intimate lighting. The music isn't too loud for conversation, and the playlist adds to the ambience. There are a number of good beers on tap (can't recall if there are any real ales sorry...) but perhaps the most surprising thing about this bar is the good selection of cocktails. So whether you are out with the girls, the lads, or both, there is something quality here for you to drink. The staff are lovely, seem to enjoy working here, and are happy to be serving you -- that seems like it should be a given, but actually is a bit of a rarity these days! They may be a little too keen to keep the tables clean -- that normally wouldn't be an issue, but sometimes I can do without the strong smell of cleaning products while sipping my wine! There is a downstairs here too which is targetted more at the sports bar clientelle -- complete with darts board and TV screens for live events. I have been pleasantly surprised by this charming wee pub, and it is fast becoming my favourite local. Definitely give it a whirl, I think you will be surprised too!
4	Having a drink in the Cuckoo's nest is just like having a drink in someone's really nice living room.  Large comfy seats, friendly staff, friendly customers.  A pleasant little bar in Tollcross.  The downstairs room is really nice and can be reserved.
3	I like this place, it's kinda rough round the edges, and drinks no cheaper than anywhere else, and am never sure about the kinda of people you'll find in here... But yet there is something endearing about it... So I'm just doing a fundraiser quiz tonight, thurs 9.30, and waiting for my friend, I'm sat next to a questionable old man who has just asked me to take a bracelet of his right wrist and replace it on his left wrist, but only when I have a minute?! Brilliant! There is another bar area downstairs (that's where the loo's are too) which was like a blast furnace when we were there! Haven't tried the food, but heard good things and you can even pre-order steak! The bar looks a little shabby from outside but looks arent everything -  all in all good place, great staff, Will be back!
5	One of my favourite pubs in Edinburgh with the Meadow Bar. Had a fantastic 29th birthday last year where I managed to reserve the whole corner upstairs. The bar staff are really friendly and you can get decent grubs. There's always some nice specials that cost just a fiver.But I also think, surprisingly, that they make some of the best burgers in Edinburgh. It's surprising given the place is not reputed or marketed as a "food" venue, but it's worth giving a try.It used to be my local pub when I stayed in Tollcross, but given the quality of what's on offer in Marchmont (never been a fan of the Earl and the Argyll), I'm happy to keep calling it my local. After all, it's only a 10-minute walk.
5	I've spent my fair share of 'Sunday Fundays' here drinking and eating until I realise I should go home because I have to work at half 8 in the morning.  This is an awesome, small, and definitely cosy (as Jenny L states) bar. The staff are really friendly and they surprisingly have really, really, good burgers. They also have a daily five pound meal special that's generally super tasty and filling.  A very good selection of beers are on tap and they make good cocktails.  I think this is an excellent place to go with friends to catch up over some food and drinks.  They recently also got a pool table which is located in the basement (I think it's free to play).  It's mega busy on Friday and Saturday nights that's why I tend to visit on Sundays or during the week.  The staff are very accommodating - they've charged my iPhone multiple times! It's genuinely one of my favourite bars in Edinburgh!
5	This is my local. First, they have pretty decent food for a good price. Plus they have great 5 pound specials!  Last time I was around it was roast rib of beef with tomato and onion gravy, chips and pan fried courgettes. Another night I saw duck leg, and a surf and turf salad. Really great deal, and looks amazing too!It's also really nice and cosy here. They refurbished a little bit, so the chairs are more comfy. I'd also like to add how last time I was there, they had old school Batman episodes playing on the TV.(awesome!) There is also a great pub quiz on Monday nights at 8:00 in the downstairs part. I really enjoyed that one, especially since  it had been Bond themed! Anyways check out this spot if you haven't. It's a great cosy place to be!
5	This is a great little boozer in the heart of Tollcross. Toby has really put the work in & it shows. You can tell that it's a labour of love for him & his brothers, with nice little decor touches & attention to detail is evident throughout. Good selection of booze on tap (Guiness, Amstel, Heineken, Hoegarden..) & reasonably priced for a city centre bar, great cocktail menu with new concoctions regularly popping up, & a simple but tasty bar menu (burgers, fish & chips, a good Mex selection) which is great value for money (there is usually a supercheap daily deal on..I had swordfish wraps with chips for 6 squid last time I was in!). The clientele is across the board, from students to suits, but always a good little crowd..it'sa bit like Cheers in there! & finally there is a great little basement downstairs available for birthday parties & suchlike. I personally have been to a 30th, a 47th, a darts tourney & a Sublime reunion down there & it rocks.
3	This place loses a couple of stars for a few reasons. 1. Why is there no more 5 pound special?? They still do have specials.. but they are more like 8 quid, and that doesn't sound too special to me. 2. How come the downstairs STILL smells like toilet cleaner? Caman guys, get. it. together. Everytime you go down there, there is one awkward couple that want alone time. And they WILL get it. Because no one wants to smell toilet cleaner.3. I love burgers, yes I do.. but I think Edinburgh is starting to have... TOO many burgers?(if this is possible). Their menu is now 100% burgers and maybe 2 options for wraps. Quite boring. HOWEVER. The onion rings are still delicious. I've tested those a few times. 4. My friend got a piece of plastic in her chicken wrap. Fortunately they took the meal back and gave her a full refund and were SUPER apologetic but... Plastic in food, really? I will give the cuckoos nest more tries. I do REALLY like it here.. but I feel like it has slipped a bit. Fin.
4	I'm a fan of this place - great atmosphere, good food (especially if you like burgers - you don't have much more options besides that) and reasonably priced.  It's a nice cozy litter bar - what it lacks in size it makes up for in coziness. My biggest issue is with the seats - the chairs are way to short for the tables (I don't know about you but I don't like looking down to the person I'm talking to).
