5	Professional, exceeded expectations. Brakes and rotors replaced--completely fixed the problems! Finished the job within a few hours. I will be taking my car in for repairs from this point forward.
5	Heard thru the grape vine that Champs runs a honest auto mechanic business. First time for me here... They were very friendly and took the time to explain to me about my power-steering pump that when I was getting quotes was going to cost 500 plus.        Here Champ the owner or one of them, charged me $200 and replaced the belt. They let me know it that the power-steering pump was taking in air and didn't need to be replaced.       Thanks guys I will be back. I love family businesses !!!!
5	Heard nothing but great things about this place, so I took my car here to have a coilover kit installed. Exceeded my expectations by far. Stuck to the original estimate even when it took almost a hour longer to complete than originally planned. They made sure I was happy with the height before finishing and did multiple test drives to make sure everything was good to go. Excellent customer service. I will be back for  sure.
5	Champ's serviced my Jeep right before Memorial Weekend 2014. I had them do a general safety inspection before heading to California. I was a little skeptical at first, but after it was all done I was completely satisfied. Josh and Chris, complete professionals. Note, even after being backed up with work, they still took my Jeep. I had explained to them my concerns about traveling to L.A, they understood. Made it to L.A and back with no problems. I'll be going back to Champs on the regular.
5	I was driving to Tucson when my axle broke on my car. I am from out of town and had the bad feeling I was gonna get ripped on repairs from a local mechanic.  A guy recommend I take it to Champs. I figured why not. I was really lucky to find my way here. They had a reasonable price for the repair and got me back on my way the same day they worked on it. I had to wait the day for the repairs but they have a great air conditioned waiting room (I think it was over 100 out) where me and my son waited watching tv. The shop itself is clean and the employees are above board professional.  I was never talked down to or forced pressured into repairs.  I was extremely satisfied with service and repairs. Definitely recommend this shop!!!!
5	Friendliest people working there!! They are patient and handled all our questions and needs. Their prices are unbeatable. They also gave us a ride to our house to wait since we didn't live far and they were working on our only vehicle. Champs employees are amazing prices amazing their work is amazing! We will be going to them for all our truck needs.
5	Great service, great prices, and quality work on my diesel truck.  Chris was able to get me in on the same day for glow plug replacement, the cost was less than half of the dealer and I'm more confident in the work at Champs.  Definitely a shop worth going back to.
