3	I lived in this hotel for 4 months in 2007. Double tree bought this hotel from another chain and was trying to renovate it, etc -- I believe it was a holiday inn before, or maybe a best western. As I was here on business, I needed frequent internet access which did not happen with the provided free wireless, as it was intermittent. The hotel restaraunt was ok for breakfast (a bit pricey, $12 CAD when I was there for the buffet, but good), but not so good for dinner. Most of the dinners I ate here were $30/plate, which were way overpriced for the quality of food served..The staff is helpful, and for the most part nice -- they will work with you in English or French -- which ever you prefer. The last month I was here was the best -- I was able to stay in "La Presidence," which is the business suites sector of the hotel, on floors 3 and 4. The room was excellent, and priced nicely. I had a great view, a separate bedroom, full kitchen with all utensils -- I could have cooked a feast in this suite! Plus, I had WIRED internet, which was available 100% of the time. It was very enjoyable!If you're comming to Montreal on business for two weeks or more, make sure you reserve a suite at La Presidence -- you won't be disappointed!
1	This hotel is now called the Grand Plaza Montreal Centre-Ville.  I've put in several requests to Yelp to change the name but alas...  Its probably for the best because the hotel doesn't seem to want to be found.  Its disappointing that normally this hotel would be getting 4 stars from me.  But because of 1 (major) issue, it isn't someplace that I will be going back to.  Here's what would have been good:Location - its located in a great part of Montreal that makes all the rest of the city accessible.  I could walk everywhere, and even if I needed to take the Metro, that was covered too.  The Sherbrooke station was right next door.Rooms - Large rooms with a great view of the city through a huge window looking toward the Port.  The bed was comfy, the TV worked, and the bathroom was well appointed even if it did take a while to figure out how to switch the water from the tub to the shower (guess you gotta be smarter than the tap!).Hotel extras - Usually when I see that a hotel has a workout room, they really mean a closet with a treadmill and mismatched set of weights.  Surprisingly, their workout room was pretty nice.  Yes, it was small but it had new equipment and a full set of weights.  And a pool.  I was pretty happy.Now why does it get 1 star?  NO AIR CONDITIONING.  Which I normally wouldn't knock down that much for, but from what I've found out, there has been no air conditioning for months.  In doing my research for the trip I found numerous reviews on Trip Advisor saying that the AC was broken but the staff promised it would be fixed that week.  So I thought that since that was months ago they would have it fixed right?  Wrong.All the way up on the 15th floor it was HOT.  And guess what - the window in the room didn't open.  The front desk told us it was being fixed that afternoon so we stayed.  Not fixed.  We asked for a fan.  We were told they didn't have any.  We only stayed because the conference was being held there and because it was being paid for by work and it would have been a hassle to switch it.  But I wish I had gone through the hassle.  Waking up in the morning sweating is not fun.That's why I wouldn't come back here.  After everything we were told I couldn't trust that they had everything working.  Its not fun being given the run around.  Most of the conference attendees will be looking elsewhere next year after dubbing this year's experience SWEATcon.
