4	I go to the Summerlin Library for performances in the theatre.  It holds about 300 people and is a perfect size for the community productions staged there.  The first play I saw when I moved to Las Vegas was at the library theatre.Acoustics are good and there is even a small bit for the band when a musical has live music.I went tonight to see Signature Productions "Sound of Music."  As usual, they did a fine job and took advantage of all the things that make this theatre a great house.
5	This review is solely for the Children's section of the library as I have yet to venture into other parts of the library. I have been to a number of libraries in the Las Vegas area, and this is my favorite.  The storytime for children is wonderful!  Only 30 minutes long and different age groups offered.  I take my 2.5 year old to the Toddler Storytime and Miss Jamie is awesome.  They alternate songs and dance with the stories, keeping the kids entertained and focused. There is also a nice section of puzzles and kid-sized tables for them to "quietly" play.  Although, after storytime, it is quite crowded with boisterous children.  The library is clean, doesn't smell musty like older libraries, and filled with so much light.  After storytime and borrowing our books for the week, we always grab lunch across the street, then head off to one of the local parks to further release the toddler's energy.
4	Not really considered a primary Summerlin resident, but by having a vacay home here, i was able to get a library card just showing an electric bill (SUPER!). Very nice and modern complex.Was able to print out boarding passes and check in, I think it is about $0.10 a copy, rent dvds, and stay cool from the heat...or stay warm from the cool which ever you prefer. I mean you don't go to the library for the books anymore! Oh remember please refrain from using your cell phone in the library...got some mean stares even though i was whispering.
5	The Performing Arts Center is a great place to see community theater in Las Vegas.  Saw the Signature Production of the "Little Shop of Horrors" this week end. No matter where you sit you can not get a bad seat in the house.  The cast was  impressive and singing superb. If you have not taken advantage of the local community theater in Las Vegas you should check this out. Look for other production companies scheduled for this location.Little Shop goes through August 27, 2011 and it is very reasonably priced.  Bring some canned food and you can enjoy some SkidRow popcorn!!!Enjoy!
5	I'm biased.  I like books a lot.  I like free things a lot.  So, free books?  (for a limited time anyway)  This library is a haven for a bookworm like myself, with plenty of reading nooks, books, and quiet.  My personal vice: checking out tons of magazines.  I can stay on top of what's hot without paying a buck.  :)
5	Super library with friendly staff, I'm lucky because my kids love to read and are very comfortable here. Good selection and the librarians order whatever book you want and send you an email when the book arrives. Big media library with many movies and audiobooks, outside drop off for out of hours returns. Super! No wonder Borders went bump! PS Don't use your cell phone, you get yelled at! That's a good thing.
4	I love the library. I think it's one of the greatest civic services a city provides, and honestly, Vegas has some AMAZING libraries. I used this library to get some hardcore studying done for my anatomy exam and honestly I like Sahara West WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY more. It's nice that you get to keep the study room for as long as you want, but it's a lame policy when you're the 5th person to arrive and the 4 study rooms are all occupied. The layout is kind of weird, I guess to accommodate the rest of the performing arts center. It's a nice library; I just prefer Sahara West.
4	I use to pick up a close friend's kid and we use to come here for a couple of reasons.1)  She could work on her reading and get some homework done.2)  Since she's keeping herself busy and we're in the kid's area, I didn't have to do much monitoring. 3)  I could get some work done at the same time. I almost forgot about this library since I usually go to Centennial's or the one off Sahara.  I'm a fan of any library where it's quiet enough to get some work done. If you read any of my previous library reviews, I frequent libraries just to get out of the office.  I have a few offices here and one at home, but there are times when I get the most done in a library.  I think it's more due to less distractions at a library.  One thing about this library is that it feels and looks older than the others in town.  Parking is ample and there's plenty of tables inside to get some work done. The staff doesn't say much or even bothers you.  But I must admit, there was a couple of times that I have been warned for phone use. Summerlin Library may not be my favorite in Las Vegas, but I may still pay a visit if I'm in the area.  This library worked perfect today when I had a couple of hours to kill.  PS:  I should gain IQ points just for going to the library.  By the way, what ever happened to the good ol' trusty card catalogs?
4	Coming from Cleveland, Ohio it's nice to have libraries open seven days a week with friendly staff and lots of resources. They accept donations of media, which we really appreciate. I put money on the library card to use the printer, which costs  20 cents per page. Most of the staff seem friendly.
5	When I was growing up, my mom always took us to the library and I would check out stacks of books at a time.  From the Bobbsey twins, to Nancy Drew, to Agatha Christie, I remember going to the library over the years and loving it and all the things I could get for free just by having a library card.  Even today as an adult, I dislike buying books because I still have it ingrained in me that I can check them out at the library.  The Summerlin Library has been my neighborhood library since we moved to the area.  It's always quiet and never has a crowd of people when I go.  I'm a huge fan of the study rooms for when I need to concentrate and get school work done.  Thanks to the online catalog (http://ilsweb.lvccld.org/search~S12/), patrons can also search the database and look for books, CDs, and DVDs for coveted titles and reserve them if they're available.  My son has grown up in this library and I appreciate the fact that, even with the advent of the Internet and e-readers, libraries such as this one still exist.
5	The only thing I can complain about is that it is in Summerlin and the ridiculous amount of master planned trees hides this place and you can't see it driving by. Also the round-abouts don't help either. Other than that I love this library. They have the cool check-in terminals and my kids love to use it to drop off read books.I've been taking my kids here for the activities that they have in the private room. They get books read to them, they sing songs and dance and do arts, crafts, and science projects.
2	First off, I LOVE library's!  I grew up reading in the NYPL and Bodleian; matured in the BPL and unfortunately middle aged in lvccld.  The lvccld-sigh and sob-especially the Summerlin branch-My local bibliotheca is a vast windowless modern, yet decaying structure that contains very few tomes and not even the faintest whiff of that atheneum aphrodisiac-old paper and wood. The last book I checked out of there was stuck together with crusty vintage boogers. Being the VERY delicate flower that I am, I was traumatically disgusted by the corpulence of snot on that book and refuse to bring home any books from any library ever again. I was there to renew my library card and use their online databases.  This is not Borges' Library of Babel!
5	I am not used to libraries with art galleries, exhibits, and a performing arts theater.  My daughter has performed here several times with Dramakids and it is a great place to see a show. I wish they had a better entry way for the pre-show but still, they truly give back to the community.  The library really caters to the children having readings, dancing and singing, and other events regularly!
5	Great resource for the first steps in Vegas.   So many helpful people to get me all I need to get set up.   Complete computer use.  Good printers.   I started my job the day after arriving in Vegas and this was the first stop and I am so happy.
4	This library is not as big and does not have as extensive a children's book collection as the Sahara West Library, but this is a quaint library that is very close to my house.  The children's section has a good selection of holiday and biography books when I need them for my classroom.  The back wall of the children's section also gets "loaned" to different schools.  My school had it for a month and the art teacher put this beautiful display of fish that the kids had created in her class.  I like that this library showcases local art from the schools.There is actually a full blown theater inside of here also that I didn't know about until recently.  It has a good sized stage and a medium amount of seating.  In my previous review of Sahara West, I mentioned how I love that the libraries in Las Vegas are cultural and community centers.  Summerlin's theater is another example of that.
