4	It's not often that a chain restaurant delivers the goods, but that is the case here.  At least, it was when we visited the South Park location (there are two in Charlotte, we haven't tried the one Uptown).  There were three downsides, and neither one really detracted much.The first was that was a bit louder than you might expect from a somewhat upscale eatery.  We were with a group of people, so it wasn't a bad problem.  If we were dining alone, it may have bothered us.Related to this is that the service was a little slow, but again because we had a large group, it gave us time to talk.  This may have also been intentional because of our group size.  The staff was present, they just seemed a bit hands-off.  We may have been able to speed this up if we were so inclined.The final potential downfall was the selection.  It was rather large, especially as we aren't usually seafood eaters.  We took the advice of the waiter on every count and were very happy with the results.  I'd highly recommend doing so.
5	I had lunch here yesterday and it was awesome.  Our very nice waitress went over the menu with us and gave us some helpful recommendations.  We learned that the menus are printed twice daily depending on what fresh fish they've received that day.  The fresh fish and their bays of origin were printed at the top of the menu as well.  Well, that's cool.We started off with a large plate of fried calamari - it was hot, crispy, salty and served with 3 different dipping sauces.I ordered a cup of their crab soup and a side salad to start.  The soup was really good - a hot tomato based vegetable soup with chunks and shreds of fresh crab meat.  From the sighs of appreciation around the table, I think that the seafood chowder must have been very good as well.  The salad was dressed with a tangy vinaigrette and it was about as good as any mixed green salad could be.Per the waitress' enthusiastic recommendation, I ordered the mahi mahi cakes.  They were basically prepared crab cake style and were flash fried so they were crispy and browned on the outside, soft and flaky on the inside.  They were served in a slightly spicy tomato-based sauce and topped with fresh salsa.  The meat was strongly seasoned with pepper and various spices so it wasn't fishy at all.  The two cakes also came with a large triangle of spicy vegetable-studded polenta.We were stuffed after our meals, so we didn't get to try any of the desserts but they looked hearty and very all-American.Maybe I'm accustomed to NYC prices, but I found McCormick & Schmick's friggin' cheap.  The whole meal, including drinks, appetizers, and entrees for 6 people only cost $150 after tax & tip!  It makes me almost want to move to the South.Note: I think there's an M&S in NYC (near Rockefeller) too, but I think that it's more expensive, hence less awesome.
5	Didja ever have a restaurant open up right near where you work and you keep saying "I need to go there!" and yet you never do and then it's like two years later and you finally go and you're like "Dang, I shoulda been coming here way more often!"?  Well that's McCormick and Scmick for me.Here's the good stuff:My wife and I had the occasion to have a special night out to celebrate our birthdays (they are very closer together).  She decided that we would go to M & S as a treat.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting with deep wood finishes, comfy seats and very nice decor.We were greeted immediately and taken to our table. So no trip to the bar area.  Our waitress was extremely helpful with her knowledge of the menu (which is printed twice a day as the choice of fresh fish and seafood changes!)  We decided to begin with the Rare Ahi Tuna for me and the Maryland Crabcake for the Mrs..  The rare Ahi was ridiculous!  I about lost my mind.  Just a hint of searing and a bright rare center, with a little bit of peppery char on the outside, I could not have been happier.  The crabcake was excelent: crispy outside, full of lump crab, it was one of the best I have ever tasted.For din-din, I ordered the broiled plate (scallops, shrimp, baked oysters, and salmon with a bourbon/maple glaze) and Tara got the Wild Salmon with Shrimp, Crab and Brie stuffing.  Two words: SHUT UP!  They both had side items that were standard, but we both chose to change to the mashed taters with a lobster gravy and briased spinach.  Three words: SHUT UP MORE!  I have never in my life been quite so pleased with an entire meal.  I have also never eaten shrimp so well prepared (It was NUTS!).  The hardest part of the meal was to pace myself and not just gobble everything in sight. For dessert, my wife went with the white cake with strawberry filling and I got more food (Buffalo fried gulf shrimp) and they were both yummy.  I have neither the stamina or time to explain how great this meal was.  Suffice to say that this will become a stop for us as a special occasion restaurant as well as a place to bring out of town guests.  For our budget, it was a little hefty, but worth every single penny spent.EAT WELL!V-Dub
4	Exceptional restaurant in Charlotte and much better than a lot of the locally owned ones.  Service was outstanding, as was the food.  Here's a rundown of our order.StartersSteamed Littleneck Clams--These are fantastic and are bathing in a garlic/herb cream sauce that you will hang onto to sop your bread up with.  Very fresh clams and a decent portion for a starter--about 15 clams.Raw Oysters--I had a tasting menu of 3 varieties and found the Canadian oysters the best.  My favorite was the Beau Rivage.  Some of the oysters were very undersized and some were oversized.  It would be nice if they evened out the sizes for sharing reasons.MainsBlackened Mahi-Mahi...the fish in the dish was fantastic.  The sauce was a bit too much I felt and dominated the fish.  It was a spicy tomato sauce.  Would not order again.  The rice side was also dismal.Sea Bass-Perfect.  This is the opposite of the mahi mahi because in this dish the fish is the star and not the sauce...although the gremolata butter is subtle and fantastic.  Sides of mash and asparagus and carrots were great.  Truly a great plate of food.DessertApple Upside Down Pie....fantastic.  Will disappear in less than 5 minutes guaranteed.This is a really nice restaurant that does most things right.  I look forward to going back and trying more of the menu.  All the ingredients are super fresh and I think I would recommend ordering something that is light on the sauce and stars the fresh seafood.
5	splurg, its worth it, nice happy hour of young business folk, great for birthdays
4	Service, food, ambiance. This place hits all of them. Best seafood we've had in Charlotte so far. They have a great wine selection if you are a wino like me, and it's also good to know that their menus are printed daily based on the specials that they offer. Our waitress was awesome at helping us choose food, she was right on point. It's a little on the pricey side, but so worth it. FYI - my fiancee ordered surf n turf - do not be afraid to order steak here! It was phenomenal. We will be heading back there soon.
4	McCormick and Schmick's has a reputation as one of the best seafood restaurants in Charlotte (personally, I'd have to go with Upstream, but it's a pretty close call). The name is obviously great, too. This is a pretty fancy place, so I'd suggest it for meaningful dates or, more likely, for business meetings/dinners/parties. The space in there is huge, so it can take care of pretty much any sort of function. Great atmosphere, great service--pretty much the experience you'd expect from a fancy steakhouse, if that makes sense. All the fish is great, but a few items really stand out to me: the salmon caesar salad is amazing if you're looking for something on the lighter side (and for lunch), the macaroni and cheese (you can add lobster) is unreal, and the shrimp n' grits is pretty darn amazing too. I'll definitely go back, If you're trying to figure out a place to dine, go no further.
4	McCormick & Schmick's is a fancy pants place.  Actually, they are not that bad.  I went last week, on a Friday, and it was kind of empty.  This is odd for Charlotte as places like these are usually always crowded in the area.  I guess the downturn in the economy has finally hit home.Atmosphere - Lots of stain glass, the color green and wood.  Usually a bustling place but this Friday night at 7 PM, it was fairly dead.Service - Like in most places of this caliber, our server was professional and knew how to properly serve.  This was made evident when he addressed and corrected an issue the way it should be, fast.Food - Started w/ the House salad (mixed greens, candied pecans, blue cheese and citrus vinaigrette).  It was good and simple w/ fresh greens.  The main dish was a little disappointing.  I hand the Flounder encrusted w/ parmesan cheese.  It had more cheese than flounder and that is why I was disappointed.  At $20, you expect the fish to be better than paper thin.  I guess I will attribute it to cutbacks in the economy.  For dessert I had the Upside Down Apple Pie.  A dish I first had in Berkley, CA at one of M&S's sister restaurants, Spenger's Fresh Fish Grotto (see: http://www.yelp.com/bi...).  Unfortunately, the first time it came out this night I thought the cinnamon sugar topping was a little on the burnt side.  My g/f thought it was edible.  I scrapped it off and continued on.  When server came out to check on us and get the check, I slightly winced and mention my displeasure w/ the dessert.  He looked at it and said "I will be right back".  He came out w/ another one that was far better and tastier than the first.  He apologized for what had happened and asked if there was anything else he could do.  This impressed as I did not complain much and did not ask for it to be replaced.  This is why you pay more at these places, service.Overall - Our waiter turned a negative into a positive.  This definitely will have me coming back for more at M&S.
5	Although a seafood restaurant chain, McCormick & Schmick's is not only fun to say like a good tongue twister, it's also many steps above Red Lobster.  As you walk in their doors, you feel like you're walking into an upscale restaurant, but it's actually a very casual place, making it comfortable for everyone (although some decorum of dress should be taken).  What I love about McCormick & Schmick is that although I have a slight idea of what I may be craving for dinner, the menu is ever-changing based on what's "fresh" and it could be prepared in a variety of methods.   My seared ahi tuna may be prepared one way during one visit and then a totally different way on another.  I've never had a disappointing entree and love trying new creations on their menu.  If you're on a budget or just want something light as you meet up with friends after a day of work or shopping (seriously, though--which is tougher?), you can sit at the bar, order drinks and pick food items from their bar menu with prices ranging from $1.95 (yes, one dollar and ninety-five cents) to $3.95.  Granted, the choices don't include one of their delicious seafood entree concoctions, but they're still tasty and filling nonetheless.
3	I took my grandmother to lunch as M+S on Saturday, figuring it would be good as she was a fan of seafood. We were greeted to a pretty sparsely seated dining room, i guess Saturday just isn't the day in South park to eat lunch. Seating was a booth, large enough for three, and was missing a napkin from he setting off the bat. No big deal, the server who sat us just replaced it with one from neighboring table (and never replaced it). Our server came almost immediately and offered an awkward introduction asking blindly if we would like her to bring water. We ordered other drinks instead and she appeared with them a moment later. With a very dry tone, she recited what was clearly a scripted menu tour that outlined her favorites as well as the chefs feature. We took a minute to review and came to a conclusion. Now, I like that the menu is ever-changing, it gives you an opportunity to learn about seafood instead of just consume it. The lunch menu was one that I had seen a few times here with some pretty solid staples. Granny ordered the Grilled Shrimp Salad and I the Seafood Mac-n-Cheese. Both arrived promptly by our server and drinks were refilled at the halfway point. The Mac-n-cheese was good, a little over salted as I think the parmigiano cheese added a salt after the chef added his. The seafood was shrimp and scallops and had a crust of breadcrumb that added a nice texture. The scallops were bay scallops and added a sweetness that tried to offset the salt. I ate it all, it was good. Granny's Salad had a generous portion of dressing, good, but I would recommend asking for it on the side and adding yourself. The shrimp were also generous, I counted 9, tail on shrimp, that were easily 16-20 count. Grilled to the perfect point so as not to seem rubbery. Service was textbook good, server just had a dry sense about her that came off as a bit awkward. Food was good, with one small thing I would correct, and the meal came out FAST. I would go back, and take a guest.
3	Anyplace that has PBR on tap is a top restaurant in my book! That said; unless you're there for happy hour, the food is less to be desired. On my recent visit I ate at a table in the bar area with a colleague. Couldn't decide what to get, so the waitress recommended a few selections. Many were heavy sauce infused, which I'm not a fan of. I went with a halibut special. Halibut in my opinion is best pan fried. It came out on a bed of leaks and stuffed inside a puff pastry with a gravy over it. Not my idea of a light dinner.
3	Been to quite a few of their stores but left here disappointed. Service was very slow and the food not prepared properly.
4	My five year old daughter was given the important job of choosing a restaurant for dinner out following her ballet recital.  She decided she wanted fish.  Good choice, young lady.  With four adults and four children we decided to give McCormick and Schmick's a try.  We were so pleased.  The service was excellent.  The food was great! I usually don't drag the fam to chain restaurants but I have to say we will definitely go back! Even the overall price, for this many people, was completely reasonable.  I was most impressed by the fact that the children's menu had seafood choices on it - not just the regular kiddie options.  I would go back for a date night, out with friends, or with the kids.  I definitely recommend this spot.
3	It's aiite.  The M&S in downtown L.A. is ridiculously good - in reference to their happy hour.  I went to the M&S happy hour here in Charlotte and was disappointed.I ordered a glass of red wine to go with appetizers and it was pretty tasty considering.  But the problem was that it wasn't happy hour price.  I guess that's the standard in NC or something?  Either way, kind of disappointing.Appetizers-wise:  A group of us had spicy tuna roll, tuna bites, chicken wings and sliders, and other stuff.  Let me tell you, even though it's cheap, don't get anything tuna here.  Obviously, they are using some of the cheaper leftover tuna for the happy hour menu, but it really shows and was almost not edible.  Particularly the spicy tuna roll - I've had better from the pre-packaged ones in supermarkets.  The chicken wings were pretty standard and the chicken sliders were pretty good except they had too much blue cheese, but that just might be a preferential thing.I thought the service was good and the bartender was quite knowledgeable about M&S, so that was pretty cool.  Would I go here? Probably not - nothing really stood out and amazed me really.  The fact that the downtown L.A. one is significantly better just forces me to hold out for them.  If I want to hit up a happy hour, I might just head over to Piedmont Town Center for Brio, George's Brasserie, or TacoMac.  dmo out.
4	The oysters were wonderful.  The waiter recommended a few, I ordered them and was pleased.  It did take a while for service.  However, when we beckoned the waiter he was prompt to respond (minus 1 star)  The patio is a good place to dine (weather permitting).  All in all, a good place to go if you like oysters on the half shell...
4	Came here again for happy hour for a quick business meeting and found it growing on me a little bit - the food was better, service was better, etc. Overall, a nice experience.
4	Happy hour, hel-looooooo great deal!In case you didn't know--the McCormick in Southpark has Happy Hour until 630 and the Uptown location has Happy Hour until 7 (and valet parking--just tip the guy and you don't have to pay in the deck).Great specials--my favorite are the fish tacos (mahi!) that are JUST $2. Who can beat that? And they're huge? And try the tuna medallions (magical). They also have special drinks and wines just for Happy hour. Make sure to check out their special menu!
2	Was enjoying dinner and a beer @the bar when a guy walks in with a 2yr kid in his arms & sits @bar next to me! Then guy puts kid up on the bar! Kid is caring on and yelling sitting on top of the bar! Evidently the bartender knew them. I Complained to manager. He couldn't have cared less. Won't be back!
2	Have you ever eaten somewhere that you know will be folding it up soon?  Unfortunately, that was M&S this evening.We made a 7:45 PM reservation for a Saturday night during the Christmas season and given this place's location at the mall, we assumed it would be crowded.  It wasn't, so we had hopes that service would be okay.  As it turned out, service was terrible.  Apps didn't arrive for nearly an hour, entrees shortly thereafter.  We had the swordfish (which was very good), chicken (which was okay) and a kobe burger that was so awful I was offended that it even made it out of the kitchen.  It was like a $15 hockey puck, except you can chew a hockey puck.  By that time, we were an hour and a half in and I had no further will.Morton's couldn't make it next door (folded up and got replaced with a Mexican restaurant that is struggling as well) and as Anthony Bourdain says, this place has the smell of death in it.  Too bad, it's a good chain.
4	I've eaten here several times and each time is indeed a pleasure.  I love the bar area but I think my favorite thing about the place are the quaint little booths with the curtains.  That creates a little shelter that gives you some privacy during a nice romantic meal.  I'm a fan of the trout dish specifically but the fish tacos are also a great endeavor!  Service is close to 5 star and everyone seems very polished in their waiting skills.  Definitely a place I need to visit more often!
4	I have forever labeled this place as 'hit or miss', and on this recent visit they were definitely hitting!  We had a group of 7 and everyone was very pleased with the service and the food.  I wish I could remember the young man's name that served us, he was very patient as we all were quite indecisive:-)  The fried green tomatoes, and salmon over veggies were seasoned and cooked to perfection.....yummy!  I must go back to try that chocolate martini......
4	So confused...... this place is good, maybe even ridiculously good, and yet, the restaurant was empty.  I went with a few co-workers for lunch at 12 noon and there was only one other visible party in the entire restaurant.  It's easy to get to, the parking is plentiful, it's surrounded by office parks (ie business men and women looking for a quick but decent lunch or wanting to entertain clients), it's next to Southpark mall, the service is consistently good, the food is great, and the lunch prices are reasonable.  Any ideas?  Anyone?  Bueller?Anyway, they have a non-printed lunch menu that's updated frequently in addition to the standard fare items.  Obviously known for their fish and seafood, but I went with a buffalo chicken salad this visit and I wasn't disappointed with my choice.  My coworkers loved the bisque, blackened shrimp quesadillas, kobe burger, and salmon.Hope this place survives.
2	We went there for happy hour. The service was super slow and it was not even busy. The food was ok.
2	$3.85 for a glass of iced tea? You've gotta be kiddin!
1	I was in the mood to go out and enjoy a nice meal with my wife. I chose a place that we have not been to before but have passed by quite often.  This is Mcormick & Schmicks located at the back entrance to South Park Mall.My wife is not a big seafood lover as myself, but who who could pass up a nice center cut filet as shown in the photos and described on their website.  For starters, we should have passed.I started by reading the yelp reviews, as I value other fellow Yelper's opinions.  It was lacking in the latest reviews for this location, so I had to step up and bring everyone the latest review after our dining experience for better or for worse.I started by setting up the reservations online through yelp, using the open table reservation provided.  Our reservations were for 7:30 for a party of two for a Saturday evening.  We arrived 15 minutes before our reservation time and was seated promptly by the staff.We were seated on the right side of the restaurant in a booth which had a view of the patio. When it began to rain that evening on some of the patrons on the patio, we had some entertainment watching them scramble to get underneath the umbrellas. Cruel I know, but I had a less than desirable experience.My wife had the Filet House Center Cut Filet Mignon (6oz) 29.95 (cooked medium) with mashed potatoes and a sweet tea. I had the Wild Caught Stuffed Salmon (a daily special not listed on the main menu) a glass of water and a glass of wine.The bread was cold, the butter was very difficult to spread on the bread as it was hard and unable to be applied properly with a knife.  The server initially forgot my glass of wine, and it was at this point my expectations were being crushed!The food finally made it out and at first appeared to be correct.  The steak however was more like well done with the smallest sliver of pink.  The edge was crusty and had a very tough texture and had the residue of a dirty grill .  My thoughts are that it was overcooked, but for only a 6oz portion, it was just a few bites. The center was edible, but she left 3 bites for server and notified the staff of the steak.  The mashed potatoes were warm, and was the highlight of her meal.My Stuffed Salmon was very delicate, warm, and tasty. I was content with my meal, but not a great value for the special.Upon the completion of the meal, the plates were removed, and we chose to forgo any surprises for desert and opted for the check.  It was at this time that we were presented the check and noticed that we were not charged for the sweet tea.  The server informed us that based on the amount of steak which was left on the plate, it was equal to the value of the sweet tea. ( REALLY! -  Are you F*&^* kidding me!)So 3 bites of a 6 oz steak = a glass of tea.   Elizabeth C. says that $3.85 is a lot for a tea....... hehe.  My steak must have been priced wrong then.Please I am not impressed with the this location and the name should be changed to McCormick & Schmucks!Truthfully and Sincerely,NCFoodGuy
4	We had a great night! I came for a friends birthday dinner on Saturday night and it was an awesome experience! We ad fast service and delicious food!Our waitress was fabulous! Her name was Tenille and she handled our big party like a pro! She offered great suggestions for drinks and meals. We had no problem with parking and our table was ready when we arrived!For starters I had a Lemon Drop martini, super delicious! Just make sure you can handle it because it's full of liquor! YUM! Also the lobster bisque was great. It's so cool how they serve it. They bring out the base of the soup and then once it's at the table they pour the bisque over it. Super creamy and flavorful! I could go for another bowl right now!For my entree, I had the stuffed shrimp. It's Lump Crab Stuffed Shrimp with a side of veggies and  Red Pepper White Cheddar Mash. The crab stuffing is delicious! Full of huge pieces of crab meat and the shrimp is cooked to perfections!The veggies are fresh but what acts as a perfect pair are those Red Pepper White Cheddar Mash potatoes. They are light and full of cheese with a slight kick after each bite. They literally have my mouth watering right now! Everything that everyone had looked delicious and I look forward to going back again!
3	I typically do not like chain restaurants but the service here is always amazing. I haven't had dinner at this specific location. I usually go Tuesday nights when they have $1 fish tacos that are amazing!They have amazing happy hour specials and during the summer the patio is great!
2	What a mediocre experience. Several times we have walked past M&S on our way into the mall and said, oh we should go there for dinner. That dinner finally happened a couple of Fridays ago. Things started out fine. The host was friendly and we were seated in a cute little booth behind the bar, which offered a nice sense of privacy which is often lost in restaurants trying to cram in too many tables and forcing patrons to sit basically on top of each other (side rant over). That was about the end of the pleasantries.  We sat for an unusually long time before someone came to take our drink order. I was willing to let that go and start the beginning of a nice meal with the husband. We just wanted to start with a cocktail and work our way from there. Keep in mind, the place was not busy and it was always my understanding that waiters liked having table with more alcohol on their tabs- ours seemed frustrated that we were not ready/willing to order our entire meal at this point. Anyway, as we wait for our drinks we decided to order a "jumbo" shrimp cocktail to split as an appetizer, which we did when she arrived with our drinks. It came out super quick and had to have been the smallest shrimp I have seen in a long time. I understand that things happen and you can't always control the size but these babies were, well baby sized. Somewhere in this mix we also ordered our main meals. As we quickly finished our app, since there wasn't much to it, we also finished our first drink (as well as the accompanying water). And then we waited, and waited and waited until I finally stood up to go and find the waitress who suddenly appeared at that time- with our food. Now I am left sitting with no drink and my food on the table and had to decide, do I go ahead and eat my steak w/out my wine or do I wait for my drink and let me food get cold. I went with the former, which proved to be a good choice b/c it took an unreal amount of time for the waitress to return with our wine and then retreat to not be seen again until it was time to pay the check. I decided to get up and use the ladies and at that point saw that our waitress was busy sitting in another booth with a co-worker gossiping, which is where I can only imagine she was the entire time since the restaurant wasn't very busy at all. It was such a disappointing experience. Shame on me for not complaining while we were there, but I recall a manager coming to the table to ask how things were and the response being "the food is fine." which I would have thought was a sign of a problem. There are too many other good places around to go back and give this place a lot of my hard earned money for such a headache in return.
2	Overpriced, overrated, and tasteless food. We went to the S. Park location on a Sunday evening for my wife's b-day. The restaurant was empty, but no big deal...after all it was a Sunday night. The calamari had no flavor at all and tasted like fried grease balls. My wife had a caesar salad and I think 1 piece of lettuce actually had any dressing on it so they brought out a side of the thick ceasar dressing rather than taking it back and mixing a new one. The swordfish entree was decent but nothing special. My wife ordered the shrimp which was also decent, but our server forgot to bring out our side dish (you order the sides separate from the entrees) so unfortunately that was it for our entree. We decided to try the creme brulee thinking it couldn't be that difficult for them to get this right, but we should have known better. It was similar to the boxed custard that you can make at home and it was also very tasteless. I ordered the Irish coffee to supplement the make at home creme brulee, and it was probably the best item of the entire meal. Basically a mug of straight up Jameson whiskey with a little coffee added to it. Overall, this was a very extremely dissapointing meal and I felt especially bad for my wife as it was for her b-day.
4	This review is just specific to their lunch menu and lunch service. I took my mom to lunch after a busy morning of shopping at the mall. We were greeted right away and asked which we would prefer, a booth or a table. I love when restaurants give you a choice if either are available. Our server was very sweet, friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Mom and I both had salads. The lobster Cob was so yummy! I almost ate it all and it was a good size! The only downside to the meal was that they charged me 3.25 for an unsweetened tea. What??! I should have ordered their house chardonnay for a few bucks more.. Oh well. Everything else was wonderful and I'll certainly return for lunch again soon.
3	Our group of 19 had dinner here tonight. Our organizer had chosen a fixed menu. The lobster bisque was outstanding. I then had the salmon with blueberry reduction. Very tasts. Most of the group had steak which they said was very good. I had apple cobbler type dessert. Excellent. The apples were not overcooked. They were still firm and very tasty with the spice of cinamon and caramel. A great experience.  Our organizer had chosen wines. Oddly the servers were not very knowledgeable about them. Service including speed of plating our three courses was very good.
4	I came here with my mom for Mother's Day and we loved the food! The service was also pretty good...Jameson was awesome and friendly! We had the dip with pita chips...yum...as well as the Mahi Mahi, the scallops, shrimp, and salmon sampler meal and the fish and chips. For fish and chips, they were pretty standard and I would not recommend them. Everything else was perfectly seasoned and cooked. It was a lovely evening treating my mommy :)
1	Teeny tiny portions.  You need to fill up on the bread because there's no fish on the plate they bring you.  Too pricey for what you get.
4	Classy, sophisticated and great ambience.  Great bar and food is also very good.  Ala Americana!
2	Ok so this is just pathetic. 2:30 in the afternoon and hardly anyone in the restaurant. Our waitress was terrible. We have been here several times before and today was just awful. The bread was do cold!! We had to wait for ever for our drinks to be refilled. The coconut shrimp well crap I don't know what that was. Aghh frustrating because we love this place. We have received better service and meals when the restaurant had been packed at 7 pm on a Saturday. Hopefully this won't happen again!
3	I wish I would have read the reviews before agreeing to go here but I didn't.  Our friends wanted to go here and stated it is one of their "favorite" places in Charlotte so my expectations were set from the beginning!However, I have to say my experience ended up teetering between par and sub-par.  I don't really have much to say about the whole evening...it was just not that great.  It wasn't horrible but it wasn't fabulous.  It just seems like one of those chains that tries really hard to be super classy and elite but they never quite cut it.  They pose as some authentic 5 star restaurant when really underneath the white table cloths, dim lighting and suited up servers you are still left with a chain that just overcharges.The highlight of the evening was the shrimp wrapped in bacon appetizer.  It was phenomenal and worth every one of the 12 dollars.I ordered the special for the evening which was swordfish with lump crab served over veggies and spinach.  It was just ok.  It was a little fishy, which turned me off right away and it was like half a piece of fish.  Needless to say I left super hungry.  They should probably at least serve it with potatoes or something of substance because I could have eaten three of those meals with no problem. Others ordered salmon and the scallops.  The stuffed salmon was a hit at our table so I would recommend that to anyone that is trying out M&S's.  Everyone else seemed to really enjoy everything but again the portions were not satisfying...I know seafood is lighter fare in general but it just seemed like they gave the smallest piece of fish possible and served it with the skimpiest veggies they could find.  For the price point you at least want to leave satisfied.  You can spend that dollar amount at any other 5 star restaurant in Charlotte and get a big fat steak and leave so full someone has to wheel you to your car.Bottom line, this place is not for me.  I think they are good but not great and for the price we paid I want AMAZING.
5	Excellent food and service. A real value-leader.
4	I really like it here, mainly because of their calamari. The first time I went here we sat at the bar and ordered apps and drinks. It is a little pricey, so if you have it to burn the bar staff was awesome. The second time it was veterans day and they offered a free meal to all vets, with some sort of identification of course. Dan, now the ex :(, and I went for a late lunch/early dinner so we didn't need a reservation. However if you are going for a deal like that during any rush hour, make a reservation. We received great service. The waitress was on the floor by herself for the first time, and I would have never known it unless she said something, not that it would bother me, I have special patience for waitstaff because its a hard job. With the staff being great and food pretty good I would go here again, but like I said it is a little pricey. Enjoy!
4	Came here while on a business trips with some  friends from work.   This was in our top 3 meals.   Shrimp kisses were top notch-pepper jack cheese then wrapped in bacon! Had some kind of blacked fish-I think mahi mahi with Andouille sausage mashed potatoes-the potatoes were the best part but the fish was also really good.  One in my party got another kind of fish that she loved and other got fried shrimp and fries.    Cant really screw those up.   And the best part of the meal was the Upside Down Candied Walnut Apple Pie-This is a must and gets 5 stars.  This was only the beginning of us not fitting in our pants while away for 2 weeks on business.Baked Twice with a Candied Walnut Crust, Warm CaramelSauce and Served with Cinnamon Ice Cream
2	I was not impressed. Small portions for the price!  Go to Bonefish instead, don't waste your time.  If I were rating just the atmosphere, they would get 5 stars, that's all they have going for them. We were seated for a solid 15 minutes before we were even noticed. Steven shows, asked if we had time to see the menu....my reaction, "see it, dude, we could take your order"!  He did his best to make it better--hats off. The entries we blahhhh...I could kick myself for the $110 I sent at this place relative to the quality of the food. Lobster mash potatoes were hard and spongy, my stuff shrimp were way over cooked, ALL 7 of them. Never going back to this place!
3	Lovely place to sit at the bar and grab a cocktail or special app or two....:)
3	I sat at the bar for happy hour. I had their version of a margarita. It was $7.00 & was good not strong but just good. I also order the firecracker shrimp$5.99-much too sweet for me- I was expecting spicy sweet per the menu. I also ordered a burger 3.99. It was ok not the best it came with French fries. Good price. I also ordered wings ate them the next day. Those were very good. You get 6 for $5.99. That was the best & most tastiest deal! The staff was very very nice! Big plus.
3	Cold bread for starters and a very small portion for the entree good customer service though
4	Service was slow. No one really there and we thought waitress forgot about us. Mac and cheese really good and dessert best I've had in looking time. Food made up for forgetful waitress...took about 3-4 trips for her to remember bread, butter, tea. I'll go back just for dessert!
4	I like the oyster dish, you can order 4 different type of oyster in one plate! I like the crap soup too, very delicious. Groupers are good too, over all it's a good meal.
1	Came in for lunch on a Sunday and ordered the lobster roll. First serving was burnt and rock hard.  Second serving was edible but mostly bread.  I cannot recommend.
5	Staff is exceptional, food is great. Always pleasantly greeted. The private nooks are also a very nice change from the norm.
2	This is our traditional birthday celebration go-to place for great food and wonderful service...but lunch this Saturday was awful! Food took forever, as well as our appetizer of 4 oysters (how long does it take to shuck an oyster? Evidently 30 minutes) The manager did pay for the appetizer but our entrees then took another 25 minutes....Usually they offer free dessert for a birthday, and this waiter couldn't get us out fast enough. He also never refilled our drinks.Going to Brio's next time!
5	Had Thanksgiving Dinner today and my wife had one of their fish specialities. Both were excellent and our server, Leandrea provided outstanding service.What really impressed us was the gracious way the manager handled a mishap at a neighboring table. Very impressive and making us sure to return.  Kudo's to the staff at this restaurant.
3	This is my first time visiting the restaurant for brunch.  The food was excellent.  However, when I ordered the cranberry juice it was a bit watered down and the waitress was kind enough to replace with a coke.  The silverware wasn't clean and the peach cobbler was simply a bowl of just five peaches.  I really wasn't expecting this and asked the waitress to remove the peach cobbler from the bill.  The waitress (Chemine) was absolutely amazing!!! However, my overall experience was just ok...I will visit again but definitely a different location and hopefully they will get 5 stars..
