2	Um, yeah, not what I was expecting at all. Honestly, the meat patties where really thin. I'm glad I ordered a double because I woulda been like that old lady in the back-in-the-day Wendy's commercial: "Where's the beef?".
3	I needed a quick lunch today after doing some errands during lunch today. I ordered the #5 which is the bacon cheeseburger, fries and a drink for $6.58. The burger tasted good but is not quite on par to a Smashburger or Culvers. The fries were average, nothing special. I did like that the size of the drink was rather large, I'm too lazy to constantly get up and refill those puny small drink cups that you normally get with the combo. I will definitely return to Whataburger when in the area and in need of a reasonably priced meal.
3	My 1st memory of Whataburger was in the early 80's in Southern California sometime before I was 10 yrs old.  We had one on the main drag of the city I grew up in.  It was gone by the time I was a teenager.....however, I remember the distinct orange & white striped building and the Burgers.I was excited to finally give it a try as an adult.  I ordered a Whataburger ($2.64) w/Bacon ($1.17) & Cheese ($.49)....and the cashier suggested I add Jalapenos ($.49)....http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93E1eOQ2bQG0OyIMqdcTvg?select=YKkzLz967qEgfA5eqyqLdAyes, it's really a la carte pricing, LOL!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93E1eOQ2bQG0OyIMqdcTvg?select=Wb0gZDFFQxcuphBQ9eHCsQI was really hungry, so I also ordered a Honey BBQ Chicken Strip Sandwich ($4.64) & Sm Fries ($1.39).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93E1eOQ2bQG0OyIMqdcTvg?select=MJOS72B9ZlfsPbsNsznntghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93E1eOQ2bQG0OyIMqdcTvg?select=rjwgNh2n7fSapWGco38MoQThe Burger was OK, nothing special.....it did taste just how I remember it.  The distinct flavor of the Onions & Mustard in the Burger brought back memories.  The Chicken Strip Sandwich was above average, which surprised me.  The Chicken is real, White Meat Chicken Breast, and the BBQ Sauce was decent.  The Fries were just OK.Overall, it was an OK meal for a fast food joint.Return Factor - 71%
2	WAS expecting the deliciousness of In-N-Out times two plus the options of Five Guys.... NOPE. Pretty much glorified cafeteria food. Hard store-bought bun, white iceburg lettuce, and limp pickles.No unusual hamburger combos (like blue cheese, arugula, etc). No juicy beef patty. No fresh, ripe ingredients. No like!Plus the sodium on their fries is enough to cause a person to contract acute pitting edema :)Why all the hype??
4	Fast food breakfast done right here.  Pancakes are actually made to order, with real batter on a real griddle.  No microwave flapjacks here.  Taquitos not bad either, and biscuits are above average too.  Friendly staff to bring out the food.  Teens working the counter seemed a bit goofy though.
3	It may be silly for a vegetarian to review a hamburger place, but we need our fast food fixes too! My boyfriend, a meat eater, and his friends, also all meat eaters, really like Whattaburger a lot. I, on the other hand, would take In-n-Out any day. To put it simply, Whattaburger's grilled cheese is puny. It's about 1/4 of the height of an In-n-Out grilled cheese, the lettuce and tomato are on the sad wilty side, the bun was cold (if I hadn't been rushed through ordering I could have gotten it toasted apparently), and there was only 1 slice of cheese. Truly a sad little grilled cheese. Whattaburger has a decent green salad and the french fries are delicious. On another (late night) trip here I got the breakfast and liked it a lot more. Naturally there are a lot more veggie options for morning food, and I can happily recommend any egg/cheese combo on a biscuit.Anyways if you are coming here because everyone else wants to and you are vegetarian, Taco Bell and 7 layer burritos are right next door :).
5	We have a trade concept here in America whereby the patron pays for an item, and the vendor hands over the item paid for. It's that simple.And, it works at most places in America, except McDonald's.At McDonald's, you pay for something at one window and hope to receive it at the next. But McDonald's doesn't believe in this concept. McDonald's believes in taking your money at one window and at the next, instead of handing over your food, they hand you nothing but a friendly smile and request you pull ahead, saying "We'll bring your order right out when it's ready." Fundamentally, this concept is wrong on many levels, but for the sake of verbosity, I'll spare you all but two.First, as I said, I paid for something at the window. I want to leave the window with something other than some Mexican kid smiling at me with his gold-rimmed tooth, asking me in broken english to please pull up.Second, I beat my ass in traffic to cut-off the car turning left into the drive-thru, and now, that fucker has his food onboard, and is likely picking at his french fries.While I on the other hand am parked in the penalty zone for ordering something I knew they'd have to make fresh....something I knew they wouldn't have sitting under those little heat lamps for the last two hours. So I stopped going to McDonalds. Their sixteen year-old 'managers' AND their 'please pull ahead' concept can suck a big one. This is why I go to Whataburger. At Whataburger, I can get their signature burger, 'The Whataburger', (wow...go figure) a coke and large fries for somewhere around eight bucks.My burger also has lots of mustard, pickles and jalapenos, (on request). All stuff I enjoy. And, they never ask me to pull ahead. Something I appreciate in a fast-food place.Whataburger.Where the only time you'll hear the person at the window ask you to pull ahead is when you take too long rifling through your bags, trying to find some salt for your fries, but are too stoned to locate practically anything. Note: I love Whataburger so much, I bought one of their baseball caps online. (see photo),
3	The drive-thru is SO slow it's painfulHowever, their burgers, fries and shakes keep reeling me back in........
5	This is high quality for fast food. They've got a creative creative menu with healthy options and high quality meats, not that mystery stuff at other fast good places. It's clean and the folks are really nice, generous even when it comes to the side sauces (which are also higher end) or recommendations. I've driven through here a number times and the experience has always left a great taste in my mouth.Can't imagine it getting better than this for fast food so this location takes the mark.
4	First and foremost, it's a fast food hamburger joint.  It does have some very interesting items on the menu and so far the only place I've found that offers Jalapeno's.  I like the fact that they bring the meal to your table, which beats standing around crowding the counter while they cook it.  I'm not quite sure why they bring the little tray with the condiments and napkins as well.  Is it cost control or just they way they do it.  Anyway, It's not like the others in many ways and should not be confused with any of the huge national brands.  They are unique and should stay that way.
4	Whataburger is by far one of my favorite fast food burger places. Yeah other big fast food giants get you with those "dollar menus", but Whataburger has the tasty burgers doesn't matter what the price...like I always say YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET. My personal favorite is the double with cheese, jalapenos, and bacon on a Texas Toast bun! However, they have healthy options, chicken strips, and even breakfast. If you're a burger freak like I am and cant decide what to eat, stop torturing yourself and just head over to Whataburger.
2	I drove past a Whataburger in Lafayette, Louisiana for years and never bothered to stop in (it was right in front of Sam's Club). I didn't know anyone who had ever eaten there.Moved here and finally decided one evening I would take the plunge, since In-And-Out was further than I wanted to drive. And I reallllllly wanted a decent burger.THE GOODThe patties on my burger had a good flavor and the beef didn't seem overly fatty. The onion rings (which I think were prepared fresh for me) were pretty decent. Even though it was a large order, I wanted more.The malt: not half bad! Now bear in mind that Lafayette, Louisiana has one of the only (if not THE only) Borden's Ice Cream Shops left in the country, conveniently located just off the campus of University of Louisiana at Lafayette. It still makes REAL malts, shakes, etc. So I'm spoiled. But it was good to taste the malt; I find shakes bland and seldom order them.THE NOT-SO-GOODThe overall burger taste was bland, uninspired. If there was mustard, ketchup or mayo on the burger, I couldn't find it, at least not enough to enhance the flavor. The chopped lettuce fell out of the burger with each bite, making more of a mess than I would have liked. And the lettuce was bitter.The fries: again, nothing special. The large serving was plenty--I didn't finish them. And since I despise cold fries, the remainder went out for the birds to nosh on the next morning. Got the spicy ketchup. What's all the yelling about with that? Ketchup with a little (tiny) kick. Meh. (And I was given all of three containers of it.)Overall: I can now say I'm no longer a Whataburger virgin. But I wouldn't make a special trip just to go to one again.
2	Someone before me wrote "You get what you pay for" meaning that this place isnt cheap but the quality is really good. I can only agree on that it isnt cheap......I tried a big bacon/cheese burger with jalepenos, fries and the whatachicken thats like chicken tenders/nuggets.  First of all the burger did not look very nice and had more of the "Five Guys" scruffy sadburger look but without the "FG" taste to it. The fries where soft and the chicken tenders where tto big with a thick layer of breading and superdry in the meat. I would say this was one of my lowpoints when it comes to american burger places having tested In n out, Fatburger, The Counter, Wendys, Sonic, Jack in the box, Five Guys, Hodads etc etc.......The price is not very good for the quality with a meal price for burger, fries and soda at around 10 $. I would take my money and go to In N Out for a cheaper juicy quality burger but maybe thats just me.......
1	Definitely not a fan!  I would not go there again.  I ordered the cheeseburger which was not very hot.  The burgers are quite large which for some people would be a good thing, but I thought it was rather dry and tasteless.  I also ordered the patty melt which tasted better, but the three burgers were expensive and very disappointing.  The bun was dry and tasteless, the burger over cooked, dry and also tasteless. I would not recommend nor go there again. There are a lot better burger choices out there!
4	Best fast food burgers in this town for sure, and open 24/7 too. It's my go to for good food fast!
4	I've lived in the Phoenix area for about 13 years, and never been to one of these places. Seen and heard the ads, passed them 100's of times, but for some inexplicable reason, I've never dined at the Whataburger. I think I've been missing out. The burger I had there this afternoon was totally excellent... Dude. I had the double Whataburger with cheese, and it was outstanding. Fabulous. Marvelous. Very meaty and tasty. There was a healthy dose of garden on it as well: Lettuce, onions, tomato, and some mustard as well.I noticed that their menu was also very reasonably priced. No 5 stars because the fries were simply Mehhhhh. OK, but not great.I think I like this place much, much better than some of thew newer joints that I've tried: 5 Guys, Smash Burger, etc. I'll be back.
4	I'm going to focus largely on breakfast in this review and I'll admit to being a little sentimental in writing it.I'm suffering from a bad case of burger fatigue. That said, Whataburger serves a quality (for fast food) burger. If you're complaining, with all the options Whataburger offers, you just didn't order it correctly. I always ask for grilled onions.Breakfast is served until 11:00 a.m. What distinguishes Whataburger from other fast food breakfasts is their limited use of the microwave oven. Order pancakes, and you will receive pancakes freshly prepared on the spot, not pulled out of a freezer and zapped. Since they operate more like an old style short order cook, they'll customize virtually anything for you. Want your bacon crisp? No problem. Want a side of scrambled eggs? No worries.The people at this location are very nice. I used to take my mother here for breakfast 2-3 times a week when she was a snowbird. She loved the free senior coffee and we'd split a meal. Always out the door for $6-8, which is what a nice breakfast for two cost in 1973, the benchmark year to which she seems to compare prices. The staff would often help me with her wheelchair and engage her small talk, a big deal when you're disabled. I was surprised, well maybe not that surprised, to see one of the same nice servers still there on this recent visit. It's also great that you can settle in and read... while waiting for your breakfast to be prepared. They deliver it hot to your table when ready. It may take a minute or two longer than the microwave competitors, but it's worth it. The dining room is also much more relaxing since they updated it and said goodbye to the Whataburger orange and blue!A five star Whataburger location. At best a three star restaurant, typical of fast food. Throw in a dash of sentiment and this Whataburger earns a four star rating overall.
