4	My first experience here was mixed. I went in for a new glasses prescription and they asked me if I wanted a contact lens exam, too... I said sure. They didn't clarify that a contact lens exam was going to double my appointment fee. That was a bit of a surprise. But I kind of forgive them for that because they were under construction at the time and it was totally crazy.... it may have just skipped their mind to say "by the way, it's going to cost extra." But every time I've gone back, the people here are so crazy helpful, it's great. The Lenscrafters staff is always really nice to me and the optometrist's staff bend over backwards to help resolve any problems or complications with prescriptions/appointments. I actually like them more than I like the optometrist, ha.
5	When you notice a spot on your eye that doesn't go away after fifteen saline flushes, you get a little stressed... actually, I think frantic bordering on completely losing your mind is a little more accurate. I called up Dr. Irene's office in this Lens Crafters completely out of my mind, and was really impressed with the way the girls were able to calm me down and get me right in for an appointment. Dr. Irene took plenty of time going over the problem (corneal ulcer as a result of wearing my contacts too much), how to prevent it from happening again, and what the solution was. He is funny in that dry sort of way but extremely thorough and I felt like he actually cared about my issue. The staff that works on the optometry side of things rule. They are funny and sarcastic, but nice and extremely helpful. Now on to the Lens Crafters. They have a good selection and I love that you can get your glasses made in an hour. The gal that helped me ROCKED! She was super funny and got stuff taken care of immediately. She even compared the specials they were having against my insurance so I could get my glasses for the cheapest amount. Any time I need an eye appointment, glasses or contacts, I am here.. and I will definitely recommend this Lens Crafters to others. SEE you later ... ha ha, I'm so funny
4	helpful funny and nice staff. always try to get your the best deal weather it's a coupon from the paper or your insurance they want to get your the glasses you want for a good price. doctors are informative during procedure and always keep appointments.
1	Oh boy!  My husband needed prgressive lenses.  The girl who helped (?) us told me we should get the "premium" progressive as opposed to the standard.  I asked what the difference in price was and she WOULDNT TELL ME!  She figured it all out nd showed my, like a car salesman, on a computer, a price of $171.  With insurance!  When I said that was a lot, she said we should get insurance on the glasses for another $30!  Good luck with that, sister.   I later found out the standard progressive is $75 with our insurance. We walked and ordered the same glasses online from zinni for a grand total of $61 without using insurrance.  Hold on to the wallet here, folks!
5	Called on a Thursday, they got me in the next day for my eye exam.  Had to wait a little, but the exam was quick, professional, and dead-on in terms of contacts and glasses prescription.  Selecting the frames was easy and they put together/priced a package for me in record time.  1 week because of custom lenses--and they were done and ready for pickup in exactly a week.  In the meantime the trial contacts had started to bother me so I called and asked if they could revert me back to my "old" lens type with the new RX.  They did so willingly, ordered the trial lenses, and everything arrived on the same day to be picked up concurrent with my new lenses--which were perfect by the way.  Very happy with this location, particularly as I have had bad luck with other LensCrafters in other states in the past.  I'll keep coming here for my glasses needs!
1	This review is for the Eye exam center inside of Lenscrafters at AZ mills I went in for an eye glass exam and specifically requested to be fitted for eye glasses. They fit me for contacts and then when I requested AGAIN for my glasses prescription the doctor became irritated with me and said "Fine if you're going to argue with me I'll do your glasses exam but if it's not accurate when you get your glasses there's no refunds." He told his assistant to hurry up because it's busy Saturdays. He proceeded with my eye exam rushed and the rest of the exam was blurry and inaccurate. Dr.Irene finished the exam in a sloppy manner and almost guaranteed me my prescription would be inaccurate.
1	I went  to the AZ Mills Mall in Tempe AZ.  The bathrooms were disgusting.  I brought it to the store managers attention and his walls went up as if he was not paid enough to clean the bathrooms.  He dismissed me with a thanks for letting me know.  As if he did not already.  For this reason, YOU LOST MY BUSINESS!  The floors were filthy and the crust around the inside of the toilet looks like it has been months since it was cleaned!
1	Worst experience of my life. I typically have to wait about a week to get my lenses filled because of my bad astigmatism but these people work incredibly slow. I had to wait a full 2 weeks just to get a phone call from them just so they could tell me that they lost my measurements for my left eye! Are you kidding me!? They made me go back in to retake my measurements and told me I had to wait ANOTHER TWO WEEKS! I highly depend on my glasses for I am truly useless without them, but they couldn't care less. Zero effort in speeding up the process either. I would never recommend this location to anyone. find a real place to get your prescription lenses.
