5	Staff is super friendly and the tablet you fill in your info on in the foyer instead of a stack of papers to fill out by hand. The doctor had a corny sense of humor (like my dad) and he was inviting, knowledgable, and very sure of himself.
1	BEWARE!! You do not want to see this doctor. He is ONLY in the health care industry in order to over bill insurance companies. I was referred to this practitioner and when I checked his credentials I didn't find any board actions. I called to make an appointment and let his office know that I was a cash patient with no insurance and was looking for a specific type of doctor. I was never told that he does not write refills, but rather forces his patients to come into his office every month, which for a cash patient is initially $220 and then $150 every subsequent  month. He charges ridiculous fees too. He charges a $25 fee if you are more than SEVEN (7) minutes late to appointment and then they cancel the appointment and make you reschedule. This while I waited in his waiting room for almost 2 hours before I was taken back to a room and then waited another 30 minutes. They also charge a $50 fee to fill out paperwork that may be required by an insurance company, if it's more than 2 pages long!! Another Yelper wrote that she liked the tablet computers you use to do your paperwork on, but she perhaps didn't notice the additional fees they charge you to have digital paperwork/files. He refused to help me with the initial cost of the visit and told me he NEVER works with his patients if they cannot afford to see him. Apparently they would prefer to lose patients rather than help them out. Also when I called to make an initial appointment I was never told the doctor does not confer with other doctors, such as your prior doctor, and never writes refills. He also refuses to give patients additional medication if they run out over a weekend and can't get in to see him before they run out. Had I known about all this beforehand I would never have made an initial appointment. When I told that to the girl on the phone, she insisted that only two people make these types of appointments and they always tell the patients this. NOT!! Save yourself some serious hassles and stay away from this guy!! I've never seen a provider that refused to help out his patients monetarily if they are in a bind and really need help. I've never seen a provider that refused to speak with my old doctor in order to get additional information about me. And I've never seen a provider that refused to write refills and forced his patients to see him every month instead. Seriously, who does this? Oh yeah, Dr. Allen does!! Not to mention that not more than two (2) weeks after seeing this doctor I got very sick and found out I had gallstones and needed to have my gallbladder removed, but for some reason Dr. Allen MISSED this diagnosis. Hmmmm..not surprised.
1	My family and I have been going to Dr Allens office for more than 3yrs in which we have always seen the PA Manley who was great!  Very knowledgeable but what stood out was his personal attention made you feel like you were his only patient.  I had to call his personal cell once for a refill - just enough to get me through to my next visit..... Well I am happy he is retired,  I am regret the once 5 star service is no longer available with Dr Allen.  Unfortunate he is all about the money, my medication can not be refilled until I come in for a visit - the office manager feed me some crap that it could be harmful to my body if things have changed!! I know my body and it does more harm than good not to fill (paxil) not even a few days being my appt is 5 days away.   I have never had a Dr not refill a maintenance medication.   Oh and the random drug screening is crazy Dr Allen needs to either be a family Dr or a strictly a drug rehab Dr !This will also cost me a trip to urgent care & a  search for a family Dr.
1	This office seems completely set on taking insurance companies for all their worth as well as nickel and diming their patients.  From having to book an appointment every time you need a prescription refill (which is outrageous) to expensive "random" urine test which happen nearly every time for me, this place is ridiculous.  I am done with this place. Dr. Manley is good and would do well to get his own office but the admin staff is incompetent and Dr. Allen seems more concerned about his bank account than his patients.  Stay away. Do not go here. Here is my final experience. This has been my doctor office for over a year. I went to Dr. Manley each time.  My last visit, I made an appointment to see Dr. Manley.  Upon entering I was told that I owed a past due $25 copay from my last visit to which I told them I didn't have a last visit I only did blood work (which was supposed to be no charge) and I saw a tech to perform an ultrasound.  They said I needed to pay Dr. Allen a co-pay for seeing the tech for the ultrasound although they said I didn't need to pay anything when I came in on that previous visit.  That didn't make sense.  Already irritated I just paid it so I could see Dr. Manley and get my blood work and ultrasound results. When I finally get to see the doctor, Dr. Allen walks in, not Dr. Manley who I've been seen for over a year. He rushes in grabs my test results and proceeds to mumble through them talking quickly and skimming through the paperwork like he is scanning through a newspaper.  Every time I attempted to speak he seemed to want to talk over me and just do his thing. He continued asking me some questions which Dr. Manley clearly new the answers and were on my record, but he didn't even care to look at that.  It seemed like I was being herded through and the doctor was trying to break a record for worlds quickest doctor visit. When he finished his rant I got a question in asking about a set of blood test I took. He told me he didn't have any results for that test but don't worry since is usually negative anyway. I told him I wanted the result and he said he can see that Dr. Manley ordered it but he didn't have any results.  My insurance was charged for this test. They told me they would call me back and follow up on it.  A few days later I get a call but not too clear up the blood results but to attempt to book me for a visit so I could rent a machine for a take home test.  I was told I needed to pick up the device and take it home but needed to be booked for a visit. At this time asked what happened to my blood test.  The girl on the phone stuttered and says she has no information on that and needed to get back to me. They never did. At this point I knew I was done with this office and their incompetent office staff.  To make things even worse a few weeks later I get a $400 dollar bill in the mail for the ultrasound they performed.  Now when I was told I needed to do the ultrasound I was told they needed to get PRE-APPROVAL from my insurance.  Before taking the test they told me my insurance WOULD cover it.  This irritated me to know end because now I felt lied too. Upon contacting my insurance I was told it was an issue with the way the doctor office coded the paperwork. I called the "billing" department listed on the bill Dr. Allen's office sent me but no one ever answers, always goes to a voice message.  I left a message stating my issue and said I needed a call back. Guess what they never called me back. Do yourself a favor and save a lot of money and headaches, do not go here.
1	I have noticed a significant change in the way I am treated in this office from when I started going approximately 7 years ago.  I recently had the final straw when I didn't get a prescription filled in time because I was not aware there was a time limit due to the nature of the prescription.  I called the office to see if they could re-write the prescription, explaining I was unaware that I had to fill it immediately and that if necessary I could return the original prescription to prove I wasn't trying to just get more pills.  In fact a bottle of 60 pills last me approximately 9 months!  I was told, sorry, policy, we can't do that, we tell everyone they need to get it filled right away.  I said, no, I assure you Allison Barto did not explain that to me when she handed me the prescription or I would have done so.  Basically the response I got was silence.  No offer to see if there was anything that could be done, nothing, nada, zip you are out of luck.  Just you need to come back and pay another co-payment to get it. Prior to this I was left in the waiting area for almost an hour.  When I inquired as to when I would be seen as there had been multiple people who came in after me see the doctor AND leave, they said when did you get here?  Uh, an hour ago as is clearly written right here on your little log in sheet next to my printed name.  So finally I get to the back and received no apology from Dr. Allen which indicates to me that the staff didn't even care enough to let him know what had happened.  If any of my employees had made an error of this nature I would certainly expect them to let me know so that I could make a personal apology myself. Recently I decided to make an appointment for an allergy test.  I was informed that once they confirmed that my insurance would cover they would call me to make an appointment.  I waited a week and hadn't heard a thing, well when I called back they said they were waiting for me to call them back?!  Seriously?  I inquired if they had even contacted my insurance and that was no, we need to do that and then we will call you.  They actually did follow through that time.  I also received a bill from them a few months back that I had paid while in the office.  After multiple calls I finally received someone who could help me.  Surprisingly the woman in the billing was really nice!  She apologized for the error and said she would correct the payment as soon as possible.I actually do not have any qualms with Dr. Allen but the treatment I have received from the office staff is just deplorable.  I am in the process of searching for another doctor as I will not return to this practice.  If I could rate the office less than 1 star I would.  I just called to inquire about my medical records and the process to get them to a new doctor.  No inquiry about where or why I was going, I honestly didn't think she cared, so just proves to me that I am making the right decision to leave.
1	Over the last year the office has been getting REALLY shady. I'm talking "random" drug tests EVERY TIME you come in for a perscription refill! Then they charge your insurance $400 for the drug test! They code the bill to suck the most out of your insurance that they can! Also, last time I went there, I made a stink about the drug test and about how it charged my insurance so much. The girl took me into a back room away from listening ears in the reception area and told me I could just pay $20 on top for my co-pay and if the results come back negative, they will just through away the results. I went down the street and found a better doctor. You should too!
5	Excellent doctor. Helpful staff. No problem with refills.
1	Glad to know I'm not the only person that feels this way about this place. Honestly, this place is a sad excuse for a medical facility. I made my first appointment about 7 months ago. Just a routine check up and I was looking to establish an primary care doctor. So I go into the appointment and I waited almost an hour. First red flag. I see the doctor and it goes well. Dr. Allen seems like a good doctor. ( I realize now he only cares how fat his wallet is)They tell me I have to do a drug test. Uhhh... Okay. I do one. I don't think much of it. He wants labs on me, which is normal. They have an in-house lab that can take blood samples. I asked 3 times if my insurance covered that. I was told yes and not to worry about it. I do my labs and leave. Pretty straight forward and at this point I was happy with the experience.I get a call a week later saying I need to come back in to see the doctor. I'm told it has to do with my labs. They REFUSED to tell me over the phone. So I make an appointment and pay another stupid co-pay. One of my lab values was slightly off. When I say slightly I mean if 9.0 was normal I was at 9.2. Dr Allen orders 2 different breathing tests. Which came back normal. Duh! I leave and go about my day. 2 weeks later I received the most outrageous bills for not only the breathing tests but the blood tests. This office charged me almost $2,000 for blood work. Thanks to this place I'm in debt and have no way of repaying that much money. Fast toward to now. I needed to see a doctor. I called and tried to make an appointment and was DENIED because I owe them money. Money that I was told wasnt going to be owed because it was covered by my insurance. So much for patient care. This place is horrible and only cares about the dollars in your pocket. You have been warned.
1	wait time 2 hrs to c dr.....still waiting for my blood test results after a month or so ....nobody called.......if u need a real dr office look somewhere else
1	My husband and I had first time appointments with Tiffany Frasier, who is Dr Allen's PA-C or NP (not sure which), but I'm fine with that, and have had spectacular NP's/PA-C's in the past.  We were told on the phone to fill out paperwork that we could get online -- which we did -- and the address was on the paperwork -- which it was.  But, it was the wrong address.  We called them and drove to the correct address, went in, and were told that they don't accept handwritten paperwork.  So, still being 15-20 minutes early for our appointments, we did their Ipad stuff in lieu of paperwork.  We also had to initial several things, such as that they'll charge $50 if you're 7 minutes late and they have to reschedule you for another day, or that if you need a dr's signature for something it costs $20.  Right.  Okay, so, Tiffany was more than 7 minutes late (although I don't think she had to pay $50) and more like about 25 minutes late (which is okay, it's a dr's office and those things happen), and then it's my turn.  The assistant took me back and told me to get on the scale, which I didn't do, as I am a few short months from being 60 years old and am well aware of my height and weight.  She clearly was not happy about the fact that I didn't acquiesce, but she put me in a room to wait for Tiffany.  A few minutes later, a person whom I assumed to beTiffany stuck her head in the room and told me that I had to get on the scale or she wouldn't see me.  Mind you, she didn't introduce herself, didn't greet me in any way whatsoever, she simply demanded and threatened all at once.  Why didn't I get on the scale? Mainly because I have a problem with the cattle call aspect that a lot of medical clinics shove on people (I used to be a hospital chaplain, and I have some energy behind this attitude), but also because as a teen I used to have an eating disorder and it's still a bit uncomfortable to weigh in a strange environment, so a little kindness goes a long way with me.  As a result of these two things, before I start taking orders I like to know a little about what is going on, and if I trust the environment, the Dr -- PA -- NP, etc.  At any rate, I said, "okay," and got up and walked out, because at this stage in my life I don't intend to be powered, and I don't intend to be treated with disrespect.  The front office person was very nice about quickly refunding our co-pays, and also seemed genuinely unhappy about the way I was treated.  But, having a nice person at the front desk does not make up for the disrespectful treatment by the health care professional that I had the appointment with.  It's not fun writing negative reviews, and I see that this place has several already, but the bottom line is that if I am going to trust someone with my body, ergo, my life, then I expect to be treated in a compassionate and respectful manner in return.  I am sure that this facility is great for many people, but it isn't the one for us.
4	I had a positive experience here. I enjoy the doctors, staff, think the facility is well updated and innovative. I enjoy that it is nearby my home as well.
