1	Be very wary of these folks.  I stopped in today to see if they offered extended service contracts to their customers and some kid who might have been barely 18 proceeded to tell me that "they never do what they say and aren't worth the paper they're printed on"... and other words to that effect.   In my experience, dealers who don't offer any sort of extended protection are the ones who typically don't do any reasonable reconditioning of their cars.  They know that if they sold an extended contract, claims would be denied due to "pre-existing conditions" that were evident when they bought the unit.  So...be very careful if you choose to buy from them.  Bring the car to a mechanic to have it checked out prior to your purchase.
5	Can't believe I would give an auto dealer 5 stars but there ya go.  I needed a car and had horrible experiences until I came here.  I was treated with respect, low pressure, unusual courtesy and a pleasant demeanor.  AND I got a  NO CHARGE warranty! (Yes there are deductibles but these are reasonable considering repair costs these days)  I decided to wait to provide a review until I had registered the car... clear title... which seems simple but I had to clean up a bad title issue from another dealer.   I also took the car to california.  Love my car and will recommend this dealer to everyone.  I had a large down but needed a little more... This is a lease to own location ...Excellent!  The process was simple and straight forward. 5 Stars (rare praise from this cynic)
1	This dealership first told me that I could trade the car in after a year but since they sold my contract I have to jump thru hoops to do so I have spent almost $5000 I want out of this money pit oh and don't get me started about how they want to keep their customers that actually pay their payments on time I guess that doesn't matter to them so I guess me paying my payment don't matter to them I don't have anymore time or money to waste on my car being off the road in the shop what happened to dealers taking care and trying to keep their current customers??
