4	I live around the corner from this place and split my visits to the Pharmacy between this CVS and the Walgreens across the street.  It's a matter of convenience between which one I select.PROS- Conveniently located next to an Albertson's.....I can get my grocery shopping out of the way with the same visit.- It's rarely busy.....so I can get in/out of here quickly.- Plenty of parking.- Drive Thru Pharmacy.....I rarely use this feature, but I'm glad it's there just in case.- Large selection of items.CONS- The rare occasions that it's busy, they are understaffed and the lines can get long and take forever.Overall, I enjoy visiting this CVS.Will I return?  Yes.
3	Okay for quick trips or filling a script late night.
4	Love the fact that it's open 24/7 CVS is a great place to shop when they have sales and coupons. Most things come out to be dirt cheap or free. A secret place for extreme couponing.If they don't have the sale item you want always ask for a rain check.Don't forget your green card bonus and always scan your CVS reward card at the red machine for extra savings.The older cashiers ladies some times are a bit nasty or takes forever with a coupon. So I avoid them in the daytime.
2	Love that it has a 24/7 pharmacy, it's my go to place for post ER visits. Every time I go here it's a long wait to check out because the old ladies working the counter are too slow. I hate having to repeat myself, and I have to repeat my phone number 458490574957940 times, one of them even suggested I change my phone number to a local number to make it easier on HER LOL.If walgreens hadn't dropped my insurance coverage, I would have stayed with them.
1	I normally use Walgreens as my pharmacy. I was reminded why after this visit to CVS. I was at Walgreens less than a half of a block away to pick up three types of medications. I was informed by the staff at Walgreens that one of the meds I needed was on back order and they could not fill it. It was in the evening after the doctor office had closed. I called CVS to see if they had this med in stock and they did. I was instructed by the pharmacist at Walgreens to have CVS call her and she would transfer the prescription for that one med after they had already filled the other two, which had taken less than fifteen minutes. I was told at CVS their average wait time when I arrived was about one hour. Over an hour after arriving I heard the staff talking about calling Walgreens. One of the staff members said she had not done it yet and would shortly. I called Walgreens to confirm if it was my prescription that was being talked about. It was. I had sat at CVS for over an hour and they had not even made the phone call to transfer the prescription. There was no telling how much longer it would have been to make the call and they no telling how long it would have taken them to fill the prescription. I told them to forget it and left.I have never seen such poor customer service. The longest I have ever waited at a Walgreens pharmacy is maybe twenty minutes. I am just glad that it was not a vital medication I needed. Additionally, while I was waiting I overheard a conversation with a man visiting from California who attempted to temporary have his blood pressure prescription transferred to this location. He had been waiting for three days with still no resolution.
1	Picking up prescriptions from this location may quite possibly be like living in hell.  I could win the lottery and if I had to go get my prescriptions after I'd probably just throw myself on top of a parking block with rebar sticking out of it.   It takes about 30 minutes to get to the counter, while 9 people in the back just stand there.  It kind of reminds me of watching paint drying but not as exciting.
2	This Rx is the slowest in town, please do your self a favor and go somewhere else if you need it that same day, you'd be lucky to fill it by the next day, either they are so under staffed its laughable or they just do not care about our business, the staff is pretty friendly and will tell you what you want to hear but as far as quickness, go to Walgreens down the street!
1	Worst Pharmacy on this side of Town. Understaffed every time I visit.
1	Great that it is 24 hours but what is the point if they can never have it ready. Customer service at Pharmacy is awful.
1	I would give then zero stars if it was an option. I started coming here about a year ago when my insurance changed, making CVS and Walmart the only pharmacy options. I take several different prescriptions, and each month, when I go to pick them up, they usually tell me that one or more of them is a.)out of stock, b.)they can't find it, or b.) they are out and don't know when/if they will be getting it in. The staff is completely apathetic and unapologetic. Also, one of the pharmacy techs is a super Jesus freak who gives me grief about my birth control pills. She tells me that I need to visit a "sex doctor" and gives me an abstinence talk (I am 40 years old, btw) A few times, she's told me that they were out of them and they wouldn't be back in stock... Ever. Yet magically, when I call an hour or two later, it turns out they were there the whole time!Also, they have tried to insist on giving me the wrong diabetes supplies multiple times. This place reminds me of a bad SNL sketch. Don't go here if you value your health.
2	This place is completely hit or miss. Although they are open 24/7, I have been ill and have had them tell me I can't pick up my prescription until the next day. Say what?! Totally unacceptable. However, at times, I go by and there is a 2 hour wait. They usually say 2 hours. But when u come back in 2 hours there r a bunch of people trying to pick up their meds. It often seems that lack of organization plays a key role in the long turnover. I will continue coming here bc it's close to home and I haven't found a better alternative so I'll keep u posted on their progress.
5	With all the negative reviews, I hesitated to stop here, especially at 8pm on a Saturday night. However, pharmacy services had us in and out in under 30 minutes, especially when we explained how my husband could barely walk and really needed the medicine he was just prescribed at the Urgent Care clinic. All around, a fantastic experience and we appreciated the great service. Will go back again!
2	It's worth it if you need something on the fly. Being my local chemist for a while now and it's pretty much your standard pharmacy. A mini casino, wine section if that's your deal.The actual pharmacy part can sometimes be a little slow, but also some doctors don't send in scripts in time or could be the wrong script.The front counter can be slow some days but also can be under staffed.Average cvs nothing special, nothing to bad
