4	I heart Big Lots and this location is surprisingly nice. I guess they are going in a new direction because when I walked in today, they had a greeter. Yes, a greeter at Big Lots which works because I counted at least nine employees there at one time which seems to be unheard of in stores lately. I had three ask me if I needed help finding anything....again....at Big Lots, unheard of.I dig this Big Lots because it's clean, has two bathrooms and I can get organic stuff such as Nature's Path cereal and bars and other names brands like Kashi, Clif, Bobs Red Mill, Aveeno Moisturizer and more!They also have a rewards program, I think it's when you spend $20 10 times throughout the year, you get a 20% discount afterwards. Not a huge saving but at least it's something.Don't let the sketchtastic people sitting on the benches outside of the Lots deter you from stopping in, this place is chock full of goodies.
3	A co-worker told me he bought a nifty underwater digital camera at Big Lots for 39 bucks, so I had to check it out before going on vacation to Hawaii. Boy this place brings me back to a time when my family totally had to buy canned fruit and cheap flashlights. This Big Lots is like many locations,  crammed with STUFF that's slightly unorganized and disheveled. There is a furniture department here, and a large non-perishable food section. However, what I found strange, is how the prices really weren't all that amazing. Yes, I could buy little flashing dots to stick on my dog at nighttime for a dollar...but things like a fleece blanket were $20 when I saw a similar one at COSTCO or Target for about $17. The cereals were about $4 which is kinda normal, except for the fact, they go on sale all the time at Harris Teeter. Oh, and the store didn't have the camera...but I did find it at Best Buy for the same price!My 3 stars go to the kind people at the register and customer service counter.
3	I used to work a a Big Lots many moons ago. (Charlotte had about 4 Big Lots at the time)So I KNOW what to LOOK FOR, what to BUY, and what to AVOID.This place has Furniture, Patio furniture as well. I was out looking for some flower pots. I'm on a mission to grow my OWN Bamboo garden... XX (fingers crossed)They had what I was looking for. Prices are... ummm. ITS BIG LOTS.. So think of it as a Pink headed step cousin of (dare I SAY.....) Wally World. Imagine a small county Wally world w/ less parking, less lines, less ppl walking around in Blue vest. I do come here for the vast variety of tea. Since they are tea then... guess what.. you don't have to WORRY as much about OUTDATED food.
5	I love this location. The managers are so funny and nice and the selection can't be beat.
2	Never enough cashiers work. Never looks like they attempt to organize the store.
