5	I live downtown, and have stopped by the Eatery many times.  The food is delicious.  Everything is made fresh, and it is affordable.  Decent size portions too.  Would def recommend the Tacos or Burrito!
5	As a local downtown, I'm always looking for new places to eat. I happened to stumble across this place and wow. At first thought, it has a mall food court feel. Multiple genre of foods which is served quickly. I been here on multiple occasion and every time, I am never disappointed. I had the ramen and burrito there. Flavors are excellent for the price. Definitely a place to check out if you're balling on a budget.
4	Okay, this is no 5-star restaurant but it's awesome in it's own right.  We landed on Fremont Street for a night of debauchery, and just wanted to put a little food in our bellies first- definitely NOT a night for a buffet or that much food!  Did I mention there were 10 of us?  I drug the group to this place with my fingers crossed that it would please everyone and it did!  The Chinese was outstanding given that it was tasty, cheap, and quick!  The staff is super friendly, sampling their food, and generally overall just giving off a positive vibe!  Some folks got the pizza as well, and said it was awesome!  Try the Bourbon Chicken and Orange Chicken combo, YUMO!
2	I am not a big fan of this place. I have eaten at each of the counters within the International eatery, and was not impressed at any of them. The Italian food was reheated. I ordered pizza, and the server had burned the crust, but still served it to me. When I asked for a different piece, the next one was lukewarm coming "right out of the oven". I'm assuming the burned piece was to get the pizza to temperature when reheating it. Either way, totally gross.The Mexican counter is okay, and definitely the better of the 3. I had a burrito, which was humongous and impossible to eat by hand. It was bursting at the seems and quickly fell apart. But at least it tasted good after I asked for a plate and fork. The server was...less than stellar. And their soda machine was broken of all the drinks except water or lemonade. I wish I had known this before ordering a combo and realizing my options were very limited. The Chinese food was not the business. I grabbed a plate to-go so I could take it with me on my lunch break. I stuck to my usual staples at a Chinese restaurant. But the meat (both the chicken and beef) was extremely fatty and off-putting. I ended up throwing it out, and my money down the drain. Now that the company I work for has moved two blocks further away, I don't feel the need to make the walk to grab some food from this place, as there are definitely better places to eat. I guess it was take it or leave it after all.
