4	Even though this library seems smaller and smaller everytime I visit (or maybe I just get bigger and bigger, but I refuse to believe that), it still is a beautiful library and a great way to spend an afternoon. The kids section comes fully stocked with great story books and bean bag chairs all around. I like to grab my book from the "big girl" side, and then hang in the little tyke section...much cozier. The GV library is also a nice place for UNLV students to study without all of the chaos of Lied Library. They offer a nice reference section as well. My only compaint is the lack of computer space and actual computers to use. It is a smaller library, I know, but still, a few more computers would make a world of difference. So my suggestion is to bring your own laptop. And longer hours of operation would be nice too...but I am still thankful to have a library in this area!
4	This library was recently bought by the Henderson Library District and renovated, for the better in most ways.  They added a computer lab, which was definitely needed.  They added some couches in the front, and while their collection is a little smaller than LVCCLD's was, I think it fits the building better.
3	Big library fan - I swear I am.  So, it is not easy for me to go under 5 stars,  Guys, you gotta get some tables.  In addition to a brain, training,  and lots of patience, a table is an essential ingredient in tutoring.  And, if it is not too much, some plugs for laptops.  i am old enough to remember when this library was built and I know it was before technology was as big as it is now. Still, some tables and some plugs and I'm a happy girl.
4	It's smaller than Paseo, but it has just enough computers to use, just as many movies, books and CDs. It does have more events here for all kinds of groups.It's tidy, the staff is super helpful and self check out!
5	5 STARS FOR THE WEEKLY CLASS THEY OFFERED AND FOR THE CHILDREN'S SECTION. 3 stars for the rest.  I first want to say what a beatiful library.  My daughter attended a weekly program on Gold for the children.  The instructor made learning about gold really fun.  The teacher even had then pan for gold as well.  My daughter and her friends had a great time and I personally as a Mom was very impressed with the classes offered for children in the local libraries.  The Children's book  area was very clean and had a great selection of books to choose. The librarian was approachable for the kids and really got them exciting about reading and being apart of their summer reading program.  What I didn't like - lack of seating while our children were in the class.  We walked around and around trying to find an area to sit when we stumbled to this great little lounge area with cool tall table and chairs.  We sat here and talked when we were approached by a very rude employee telling us we could not be in there since we were not a teenager.  She was young herself and maybe she will learn how to handle things but she was just plain rude.  She could have explained to us why we really coudn't be in there.  We went to the librarian in the children's area and she explained it is that if the teenagers saw adults in there they wouldn't go in there.  Please add more seating around the library.  I will not try to have this ruin it from me going back but I have a hard time with rude people.  So, point is they have assigned seating.  If you are going to the children's area and enrolling your child in a class - you will NOT be disapointed.
4	This one is bigger than Gibson library. Has more selection of things. Next adventure is Paseo...
5	Adult computer classes, children's programing, movies, CD's, books!   Free.  What's not to like.  Staff is helpful and usually a pretty quite place.  They do sometimes have programs that spill out into library but have to love the community participating so a little noise isn't going to hurt anyone.
