4	Sushi snobs need not apply.  I like rolls.  I like when there is a bunch of crap on them.  Come on, how can something covered in avocado and eel sauce not taste good?  I also like the basics, like sashimi, but I love rolls.   Sushi time is a quick counter service sushi restaurant.  It scared me at first because fast food sushi seems a bit risky.  Fortunately, I was pleasantly surprised.  The portions are great and they don't skimp on the fish.  It's also reasonably priced and clean.  I get the feeling this is a mom and pop run business because it's always the same woman at the counter. Nice people and good sushi on the fly.  It is quickly becoming an office favorite.
3	What a surprise this place was...The place is located around a corner of this shopping plaza ..making it INVISIBLE from the street really.. I only found it with my Iphone Yelp app..Anyway... This place is great. I stopped in here for lunch and it was everything I could ask for in a small sushi place..I have been back several times for lunch and never been disappointed. Quick and easy meals with a family style atmosphere.The owners are very nice and friendly that are very attentive to your experience.Worth looking for in Tempe if you are in the area!
4	Talk about awesome. I always manage to forget this place is nearby. It took seeing a Jimmy Johns to stop in the plaza and remember it the other day, and a few days later, as a friend and I were both low on groceries, we decided to head over. It's one of her favorite places to go, and as soon as we walked in I could see why. It's like a sushi dive bar.. the perfect sushi place to have near your house. It's the place you can walk into in your pajamas and not feel out of place. It's the sushi place you can enjoy easily by yourself. There is no bar to sit by, but it doesn't even really seem to bother you while you're there. The staff remembers you and your name... and your order. And whether it's to dine in or take out, you are served quickly. The menu is simple and makes ordering quick. I decided to go with a Philadelphia and a spicy salmon. I was completely satisfied. It was filling, just the right size, and very well made. Happy hour has some great sake and half off roll specials that sound like a great after work trip some lazy middle of the week when I feel like going out but without all the dolled up drama. What a win!!
4	We went here for happy hour, which starts at 6 p.m. (not your usual starting time). Another note: They only serve saki and beer. The place is quick service, so you order at the counter and then they bring out your food, which was very good, no complaints. Also, the service was very friendly. Highly recommend the avocado poppers and cheesy ramen. Our sushi-loving friends liked the rolls, not spectacular, but tasty.
5	Really good foods! Even the owner is Korean but the sushi is authentic!!
5	I am a big fan of sushi and have been to many different sushi bars in the tempe area. I was so impressed by sushi time! First big plus - an immaculately clean and rarely crowded establishment. I am always surprised that there are never many people there when I go - maybe I just go at the wrong time, or people don't know about it, because the place rocks.  You order up at the front counter, and then they bring your tray to you when the food is ready - drinks are self serve also. Their sushi is really delicious and fresh! They make one of the best Las Vegas Rolls i've ever had - make sure to try it if you go. Also, every day they have 'combos' posted, where it's $10.99 for two types of rolls (the rolls in each combo are different every day) and miso soup. For the price, delicious sushi, and clean, modern atmosphere, I would definitely recommend this place!
2	Mediocre at best.  The place looks and feels like a fast food place.  Thus, we were a bit hesitant to try raw fish.  I had the beef bowl for $6.50 and my friend had the Teriyaki  plate for $8.50. Mine was much smaller than expected.  I'm still hungry and I'm not a big eater. It tasted pretty good, no complaints there, but the meat was pretty tough even for this price range.The other plate was more disappointing.  The picture on the menu showed a good size accompanying salad.  Instead, we literally got a few pieces of lettuce.  Certainly not worth the extra $2.All in all not a terrible experience, but disappointing.
4	I got to thank my fellow Yelpers for finding this place. I had a craving for sushi, and I've recently begun a quest to try more new places. And when a place with a name like Sushi Time averages four stars, I had to see what it was all about. And, I was not disappointed! It's not the best rolls you'll ever have, but Sushi Time is on par with most places in the valley, and A LOT cheaper! Not only are the prices low, but from 6pm to 9pm (close), it's happy hour. Buy a specialty roll, and regular rolls are half off. You also get free hot Saki with your beer. For about $30 We got two beers and Saki (beer only comes in small bottles, but why complain, the Saki wasn't good but it was free), Alaska rolls (really good, but could have used a little more of the mustard sauce), spicy tuna rolls (very good, definitely had a spicier kick than most sushi bars), and spicy salmon rolls (decent, but didn't do it for me). The restaurant was empty. My girlfriend and I were one of only two couples there at 8:00 on a Friday night. One other person did come in to pick up a carry out order, but that was it. It may seem strange to people that Sushi Time is in a strip mall and is a quick service restaurant (you order at the register and they bring you your food), but at these prices for this quality, It's worth it. A great place to start your night, especially if you're heading to Mill Avenue or Tempe Market Place. The staff was also very nice, and very accommodating.It's at Baseline and Rural, near Whole Foods and Jimmy Johns. I actually used to live right across the street from there. If I still did, I would be eating at Sushi Time all the time. Being in Scottsdale now, It's still worth the drive if I want sushi and want to keep the cost low.
1	I hate to do this to a mom and pop type of business but I have to say... don't eat here! I got the Salmon Teriyaki Plate for $9.29 including tax and it is just a sad, sad dish. There is a very small piece of salmon which is overally salty, a scoop of rice which is undercooked and tastes old, and a salad of lettuce with a little carrot on top. Maybe the sushi is better although I have my doubts.btw, still hungry!!!!!
1	Yesterday was my third time in a few years to try Sushi Time. I've lived right by the place for a couple years now, and often opt for the sushi in Whole Foods over this place, but yesterday I figured maybe the third time would be the charm. The first time I had sushi from here, I had one of their specials. I was not impressed with the special even though it came at a good price. The Shrimp Tempura roll was okay but nothing to write home about. The miso soup seemed like it had just been made from the paste and did not include any sushi or wakame. The next time I went there was during a marathon study session at Starbucks with a friend. We got hungry and decided to try Sushi Time again. My friend ended up feeling extremely nauseated after eating and we had to end our study session early. He got a California roll and a Spicy Tuna Roll that time. I don't remember what I ordered. It must not have been horrible, but it certainly wasn't memorable.Sushi is probably one of my favorite foods and I love the fact that there is a sushi restaurant within walking distance from where I live. So I decided to try Sushi Time one last time yesterday afternoon. I was craving hamachi, but they don't have any at all. That's probably a sign I should have gone to Whole Foods - even they have yellowtail. I ended up ordering the Salmon Nigiri, a Spicy Tuna roll, and a Salmon Roll to go. I don't think they officially have a Salmon roll on the menu (just a Spicy Salmon roll), so I appreciate that they created one for me. However, when I got home and opened up the containers, everything smelled fishy. Raw fish should NEVER smell fishy.  I've had a stomach ache for the past 12 hours.I'm done with Sushi Time. I will take the extra time to drive to Sushi Eye on Warner and 48th, or perhaps I will find another sushi restaurant that is a little bit closer thanks to Yelp.
4	Gone to Sushi time several times and have never left that not feeling satisfied. The atmosphere is nice and cozy. The sushi is pretty damn good given it's economic price. Go to this place during happy hour and you can get hot sake!
5	We love this place. Go there all the time. They are so sweet and welcome kids :)  a must try!!
4	Score one for the small businesses. I stopped in here with my wife for lunch. She had the California Roll and I gave the Surprise Roll a try. We also shared some fried Gyoza potstickers.The CA roll was pretty standard, but the Surprise Roll earned it's name! This is a CA roll with Shrimp Tempura topped with avocado and three sauces: spicy sauce, eel sauce, and a white sauce that I would bet is just mayo. This was remarkably good, though I could do without the mayo and would have liked a maybe spicier touch. I would have this again. The Gyoza was pretty standard too, but quite good. This topped us off just fine.Gyoza: 3/5California Roll: 3/5Surprise Roll: 5/5Clean: 4/5Service: 4/5
2	So, let me preface this review by stating that I have been here 5 times now due to working very close.  Most of the time I go for lunch because of their yakisoba lunch special.  The lunch special isn't a bad deal but it isn't great either.  I usually would head to one of a few other choice asian eateries if they weren't as far away.Their happy hour special isn't too bad either but those are about the only reasons you should find yourself here.  As some of the other reviews state, the ingredients aren't very good and the preparation leaves much to be desired.Today I stopped in for "Chicken Cutlets" and was quite disappointed to say the least as I spent about $10 for a small plate of food and a cup of Miso soup.  Needless to say even after finishing my food at sushi time I was still terribly hungry and opted to run over to whole foods for some sushi and finally felt like I ate something.I mean, typically you would expect to get a decent portion or some tasty food for $10 at lunch. However, at sushi time you get neither.  Also, I am not sure but the person working there seemed quite preoccupied and paid little to no attention to me and when I had questions about the food she had an attitude like I was just some stupid "round-eye" and constantly brushed me off.Regardless, I will not be back and am actually quite surprised that they are even still open.
5	What a great hole in the wall mom and pop shop. I have a friend that lives close by and I happen to work up the street so we meet often for their happy hour. Their happy hour specials are some of the best in town (5pm-9pm Monday-Saturday) They offer fun combo specials and during happy hour its buy a sake, the beer is free or vice versa - at any rate, the prices are spot on. The entire staff is part of the neighborhood and they take the time to get to know your name (if you want that bonding to happen) Yes, it's a hole in the wall, but it's clean, comfortable and you can't beat the price.
3	This isn't a bad place. The service I get is great and the food is ok. If you want a sushi fix, this does it. I love the daily combos that they have, and unless you're getting a huge amount of rolls--not too bad in cost. My only problem is the tempura is a bit greasy and the miso usually has huge chunks of onion in it. I do that to say I've had worse miso though. Best Cali rolls I've had though.
2	I was so excited to try this place out, but unfortunately I don't think I'll be back.  Not the greatest place for sushi sad to say. Good things first, the restaurant is very clean and has an environment that easy to just sit down and chat for a meal, nothing fancy.  My friends and I had a few rolls and the yakisoba noodles.  The rice on the spicy tuna and albacore rolls were old like it had been left out in the open for too long.  The fish in the rolls weren't too bad, but it was a bit chewy.  We also got the Eel Special and Crunch roll, which both had a decent flavor, but nothing really stood out or had anything that was creative about them at all.  The yakisoba noodles were okay in flavor, but there was a pool of sauce on the bottom of the bowl, which shouldn't be an issue with any kind of stir-fry.  I work at a sushi place so I'm always out on the look out for great sushi joints.  This isn't one of them.   Save your time and money and try Sakana instead!
5	Great place to grab some cheap sushi on the quick for takeout or eat-in.  They have some good combo deals during the week with prices that can't be beat.  I have eaten here for years and they are always consistently good and you will not be disappointed.  I give it 5 stars even though it is a hole in the wall because it always tastes great.I highly recommend you try out their Las Vegas roll if you are a fan of them - I haven't found any other sushi place that has a better one.  They include it in a Friday special along with a spicy tuna roll and miso soup.   I really like their Alaskan Roll which has salmon covering a spicy tuna roll - delicious and not too spicy.  Very good seaweed salad and unagi sauce.
1	Walked in here asked for some Sushi was told that they didn't have any rice at 6:30 in the evening. No rice wha!!! Hence no sushi. Won't be back here again
3	Good place to stop by for a quick lunch time bite if you are in the area. I have heard their sushi is very good, I didn't par take in any this time. I got the dumplings and terriacki chicken bowl. Do not go by what things look like on the menu, Soooo not what your food comes out looking like unfortunately. The "veggies" they speak of that come in the bowl are onions and some cabbage, made me happy cuz I like both, but if you are expecting broccoli and carrots, not gonna happen. Defiantly stop in, try some sushi, good prices and nice seating area.
1	Shame on you for charging 8.50 (9.00+ w/tax) for a cup of iceberg lettuce, some carrot slivers, and 5 pieces of salmon. And calling it a Sashimi salad.  Please research other sushi places on how to make a true Sashimi salad at that price point. I assure you, you will be embarrased( I would hope). This makes  me not want to go back to try the other dishes that have received good reviews..
5	I love Sushi Time. Before I moved out of the Tempe area, I used to go there once or twice a week for carry out. They are a very clean, cute place for eat-in or carry out. They always have two specials (A or B). Special "A" was usually a roll or sushi pieces with a hot entree and Special "B" was usually two rolls. Both were usually served with miso soup and usually less that $12 total. The staff is always very friendly and polite. They also have a lot of good specials for their dine-in guests. And they have a good variety of rolls and other menu options. It's in the same shopping center as the Whole Foods and I think a lot of people don't really know about it. But it's a great sushi place!  I'd go there more often if I lived closer.
5	Sushi Time is as good as it gets! I live nearby and go at least once a week for happy hour.  Their happy hour specials are buy one get one rolls and buy a beer get a free hot saki!! for less than $40 two people can have 3-4 rolls and a couple of drinks each.  The food is excellent, the decor is simple, not much for atmosphere but you won't find better sushi in the area.  Score one for mom and pop!!
3	Cheap, with good quality sushi for the price you pay.  Sushi time isn't fine gourmet sushi, but it'll get the job done if you're craving rolls.  Compared to similar small independently owned sushi restaurants, the sushi is fresher, and there is a good portion of it on your roll.  Happy hour is from 5-9 every day, and rolls are buy one, get one half off (For the first 7 rolls on the menu).  More specialty rolls will be a little less than 10 dollars each.  The decor and interior inside is very bare-bones, has dark lighting, and seems kind of depressing to me.  The interior is similar to a mom-and-pop Mexican food restaurant, except we're dealing in sushi here.
1	This is why Koreans should never make sushi... Fish not fresh at all, poor presentation, I would never go back there again.
5	Fantastic recent sushi bar renovation and addition to an already amazing Tempe staple.  Clean and quaint with great food and impeccable service by the owner/sushi chef himself.  They are now even open a little later, until 10pm with an alcohol license and free saki with beer purchase.  Great daily  happy hour specials too.  Certainly a cool, local and healthy alternative to the run-of-the-mill corporate sub shop next  door.  Try it out!
5	I love this place! It's my second time here, they remodeled the place since the first time I came in. It's so nice!...and the sushi is unbelievable. The surprise roll is incredible, and try the scallop hand roll, it's unique and delicious! The chef is the owner, and he makes it all right there in front of you. Great place!
4	Sashimi was very good and fresh. I give this place four starts on the food only, if you don't like music(it's not loud just not censored) this place isn't for you. Food is excellent I'll definitely be coming back!! Favorite local spot for sure
4	My first time here, I really liked it. The service was excellent, the chef was super friendly and accommodating (I asked to have my cali roll with masago on top), and the prices were fair (didn't go during happy hour). I will definitely be returning!
4	Great service and food. The surprise roll was to die for and the hot red dragon was pretty good as well. The tuna sashimi was tasty with the sauce they poured on top of it. Ask for extra spicy mayo sauce.
5	I have tried all the Nigiri sushi. The quality of the fish are decent and served at slightly lower than the room temperature. The fish are fresh and they are cut  after the order are received at the bar counter. Whether you are sushi roll eater or the nigiri eater you will be able to enjoy sushi here!
5	I will honestly say that the only reason I created a yelp account was to leave this review. I love this place - I have been going there for many years now. Such a small/clean restaurant. The people that own it are just amazing - just an overall genuine atmosphere. I have been to many sushi places here in Arizona this is by far the best quality you will get for your money.
5	Good sushi, good price & located in a small but cute little restaurant. Very glad I dined here (:
5	The wine selection is good here. Nice and clean. I've tried almost everything on the menus. Excellent
5	I love this place. Get take out a couple times a month and dine in as well. The staff is so nice. Love the avocado roll and the noodle dishes are great too. Awesome happy hour and lunch special. Definitely recommend!
4	A nice cozy atmosphere. Small but not cramped. The food is on par for Arizona sushi ;) Friendly staff nice and clean!
5	I've been coming here for years!! My friend took me here for my first time and I have been hooked ever since!! LoLIt's is a small establishment that has been remodeled. Right when you walk in you are greeted by the family like staff, very welcoming. I'm not sure, but I think it's family owned. I always see the same guy making the sushi and pretty much the same waiters/waitresses. Now for the food. I think the portions are perfect, especially for the price. It's hard to find great tasting sushi that doesn't cost outrages amounts. I mainly get the sushi here so honestly I can't express how I feel about the other things on the menu, but I'm sure they taste just as good.I definitely recommend this place for sushi lovers and people new to sushi. Don't mess up your first sushi experience, you could be scarred for life!! LoL Oooohh and they have a Happy Hour too!!
3	I went here with a friend for lunch and I must say that it was alright. The place doesn't look like much from the outside... in fact, I was a little nervous going in, but the inside is nicely decorated. I was a bit disappointed that they had only 2 lunch specials (neither one something I would like) so we had to order off of the dinner menu which was fairly pricey. They don't even give you a salad or anything at lunch (really unusual for a sushi spot) and to order a side salad was $5.50...ridiculous. I ordered gyoza and the spicy scallop hand roll. I have never had a hand roll before, and it was alright, but hard to eat.... I probably wouldn't order one again. The gyoza were the typical gyoza (like frozen), but they fried them so at least they were crispy. My friend said her two rolls were alright. This place wasn't bad, but I don't think I would come here again.
5	Came here for the first time today and was a little nervous because the place is so small, but it turned out to be some of the best sushi I've ever had! Shrimp Vegas roll was amazing and our server was very sweet. Highly recommend this place!
5	Wow! That's basically the gist of my review right there. This place is small and comfortable, casual and fun! The employees there seemed happy and very welcoming, and were quick to get us seated and served. They even had a cool TV with an aquarium playing on it - all the beauty of a real fish tank without the work. I like that!I ordered the Dragon Roll and the Cucumber Roll, and my boyfriend ordered the Crunch Roll and the Philadelphia Roll. First came out the Dragon and Crunch rolls. As we were eating, the other two came out. The Dragon roll was well made and absolutely delicious - the eel on top was warm and cooked perfectly. The cucumber roll was huge and perfect - very light and flavorful.I didn't try the Crunch Roll, but I tried the Philadelphia roll. My boyfriend and I weren't a huge fan of the Philadelphia roll mostly because of the amount of cream cheese.... but then again, it was a roll made only with salmon and cream cheese. It wasn't gross or anything though - it was absolutely delicious.The rolls themselves were big and generous without being too overwhelming, and they tasted absolutely wonderful. I was super impressed.Overall, I really enjoyed myself and know for sure I'll be coming back. It was awesome. It might be a little pricey for some, but it was great for an occasional sushi splurge.Only one downside to the whole experience though - the music they played was sort of loud. Then again, we were seated fairly close to the speaker, so it's not a huge deal at all.I'm really happy I found this place! Highly recommended!
1	If you're the kind of person who likes overpaying to get food poisoned, you should book it to this place FAST.  I tried to order the crunchy rice with tuna- which is simply a bowl of deep-fried rice with tuna sashimi over it.  I asked if I could substitute the deep fried 'crunchy rice' with plain white rice.  The waiter had to consult with the owner about this and eventually returned to tell me that ALL of their plain white rice came 'pre-shaped' into little squares, so I would have to have that instead of a regular bowl of rice.  I said that was fine.  After about 45 minutes, he returned with a plate of 4 rice squares topped with small pieces of tuna.  I was skeptical about whether that was a portion equivalent to what I would get had I ordered the regular bowl, but whatever.  By the way, I noticed that the full sushi bar was not being used at all by the sushi chef, he was prepping and bringing out all of the sushi from the back, which was a little suspect.  After paying 18 dollars for the above and a small Kirin, I headed home to a full blown stomach flu within 12 hours.  I came here with a friend and she actually ordered the SAME exact thing I did, presented in the SAME way and she got sick as well...it was the only thing we had eaten in common that day.  As a sidenote, the waiter was totally rude and continually gave me looks like I was on an episode of Portlandia playing the 'overly-concerned-about-food-preparations' health hipster, when ALL I wanted was plain white rice.  Ugh.
1	Save your dollars! This place has subpar food for the money you pay to eat here and overall was a highly unsatisfactory experience! My friend and I ate here for $18 a person, weren't even full afterwards and came home with sore throats and a fever. It took over 40 minutes for them to prepare our sushi and even before we ate the food I told her that there was a strange scent to the sushi. However, it looked decently fresh so I gave them the benefit of the doubt and didn't send it back. I figured that all sushi places were different and their vinegar rice probably just had it's own unique scent. I was wrong.I felt severely ripped off, the waiter was rude, uneducated regarding the menu, and service was terrible. If you want to spend money on sushi, go somewhere that is clean and friendly where the prices actually reflect the value and service. This place was a solid thumbs down!
4	I like this place. The rolls are well made and the atmosphere is fun. They have the tunes playing while the fish tank is displayed on the large screen television.
5	What a great find for delicious sushi! The sushi rolls have wonderfully large portions of fish and everything tastes fresh. Nice and small, comfortable and clean. Wonderfully friendly and prompt service. Today was our second visit and definitely won't be our last.
5	I have been going here for two years and I must say I really do enjoy it. I can go anywhere for good sushi, but friendly staff  is the main selling point for me. This is definitely a place that makes you feel welcomed and the owner is a very charming and patient person. I would recommend this place to anyone. :)
5	Nice little hole in the wall. Everything was great. Even chatted up the boss a bit. Very nice guy.
2	Not sure how this place got a 4 star but I was not impressed by the food at all. I ordered the albacore surprise, salmon skin hand roll and bf ordered the combo B special which is shrimp tempura and California roll with miso soup ($12) and a salad. The albacore was not fresh but that is expected for Arizona (3 stars) but what kills me is the salmon skin hand roll which only had cucumber, salmon skin (over cooked almost burnt) and rice...no other veggie or pickle making it super dry!!! Bf was ehhhh with his food too. Won't come back!
4	I love this place. Amazing fresh sushi. The sushi chef is always very friendly. Best sushi I have had in the valley.
5	Great neighborhood sushi restaurant, small, friendly, cool tunes, relaxed atmosphere.  Kids and I are sitting at the sushi bar now and talking to the sushi chef who is very friendly.
