4	I came in and picked up a large pan pizza with pepperoni. The cookie dough tempted me so I added on some of that and some thick cheesy bread. The girl at the register also made my pizza and she made it fresh in front of me and asked me if it looked alright which I did. My wife baked the pizza, cheesy bread, and chocolate chip cookies and it all came out good. The pan pizza was nice and thick but the bottom got a little black from the oil or butter under the pizza. If you bake the pan pizza make sure and check it after 10  minutes. The thicker cheesy bread they now have is something my wife said she could just eat as a meal by themselves. The cheesy bead was a big hit.
3	I have never ordered from Papa Murphy's in my whole life! Sure, I've had the pizza before but I refused to order from Papa Murphy's myself because I didn't see the point in getting a pizza I would have to cook myself. Welp, a new location opened up in the Aliante Smith's shopping center and they were offering a one-topping large pizza for $6 as a grand opening special. Since I'm NEVER in the mood to make dinner, I decided to finally give Papa Murphy's a whirl.I called my order in and was told I could pick it up in 10 minutes, which was surprising because it was a weekend evening. When I waltzed in, one of the employees chatted me up about the Neon Museum shirt I was wearing - sweet, the employees are friendly. There wasn't any wait time since I was the only customer there, so I was in and out.The pizza took around 10-15 minutes to cook and I managed to not burn it. Yay me! My cheese and mushroom pizza was dense and tasted pretty good. It's too much for two people, but hey we got leftovers out of it. ;) Papa Murphy's is a solid pizza chain, and they are always pumping out coupons and deals. Like Arnold, I'll be back!
4	I'm a fan of Papa Murphy's. Some people are weird about buying pizza and sides that they have to bake at home, but that's just some people being weird. There is usually some type of deal going on and they send coupons in the mail, so with any type of deal it is really worth it considering what a frozen pizza costs and tastes like. You can call your order ahead or stop in and watch them make it fresh. You can choose lighter or extra sauce, cheese and toppings to customize the pizza to your liking. The employees inside this Papa Murphy's are friendly and helpful with going over specials, but when I went on grand opening day, the people there from Sunny 106.5 were very rude and didn't help represent Papa Murphy's well. I was actually relieved to find out it was the radio station being so rude and not the actual Papa Murphy's employees because it would have detoured me from going back. I did score a free pizza (the very last one, nice!) because they were giving out 100 free pizzas to customers that day. They have pizzas of all shapes and sizes. They have the mini-murph pizza kit to take home so your kids can put together a pizza for themselves and then see their creation after it bakes. The pizzas also come in signature, pan, delite and stuffed crusts. Most of the pizzas bake at 425 and only take around 10 minutes aside from the stuffed pizza which takes around 25 minutes. The pan pizza is definitely good, but beware when cooking the pan pizza and keep your eye on it because there is butter or something at the bottom of that one and it can burn easy if you let it go too long and when you take the pan pizza out of the oven it's really hot, so let it stand for 5 minutes before slicing. The cheesy bread comes in regular and thicker sizes, both being equally delicious. With a coupon I usually pay about $6 or $7 for a pizza and adding 2 sides it's $6, not including the thicker cheesy bread. One thing I tried on my last visit that I hadn't before is the s'mores dessert pizza. Wow that thing was good! I preferred the s'mores pizza much more than the chocolate chip cookie dough they offer and it is a great price as one of the 2 sides you can pick. My hubby likes the cookie dough here, but I personally do not. If you are signed up for the e-club they usually send you a coupon for free cookie dough on your birthday. They also have pumpkin shaped pizzas at Halloween time and heart shaped pizzas for Valentine's Day, usually at a special price that I like to pick up. All in all this is a decent take-n-bake pizza spot.
4	Pizza made in the store and then you take it home to cook!  Affordable and lots of toppings! I like it and they don't scrimp on the ingredients!  Only takes about 15 minutes to cook up and enjoy at home.
