3	A one-size-fits-all entertainment centre with a mix of pubs, places to eat and a cinema. Some bits of the Omni Centre are better than others, and I'll do a separate set of reviews later. The only notable thing I'd point out is that you don't want to find yourself leaving the Centre as it closes, as the boy wimps who can't handle their drink spill out onto the street looking for trouble. Leave before that, though, and you can eke out a (fairly expensive) afternoon or evening's entertainment.
5	Our favourite place to go in Edinburgh , family friendly bars/restaurants and cinema screens upstairs. Well looked after clean/tidy and has security staff patrolling so safe for kids as well.
5	the Omni centre is like the Chuck Norris of entertainment.Whatever you fancy doing - having a drink, going for a run, going to see a movie, maybe you fancy a swim, or if you fancy dinner, The Omni Centre is your place. They have everything from a Virgin Active Gym to a bar that does karaoke - WITH A LIVE BAND! I'm no Whitney, but I've been up on that stage more than once. The whole place is always buzzing and it's always busy. As a result of being in the Omni Centre, the bars and restaurants are really quite expensive and the parking is extortionate! (helpful hint...if it's after 6pm just park anywhere around the centre!) . It's a really nice place to come for the day, everything is under the same roof. I've been on a few first dates here and it makes the whole awkward and uncomfortable parts less! woohoo!
5	When it comes to an all sinigng, all dancing night out - your best bet is the Omni Centre. It's a real Jack of all trades, but thankfully its a master at everything it does.Let me detail what a full night out using only the Omni Centre for entertainment could consist of:1) A meal in many of the restaurants, such as pizza hut,  frankie and bennies, and a chinese restaurant I cant remember the name of but serves the best spicy black bean pork ever. also, a brilliant little tapas bar, La Tasca.2) Next, move onto the cinema located on the top floor of the Omnicentre - its a Vue, so it shows all the biggest blockbusters in about 15 large cinema's, so theres always something to keep yopu entertained.3) After a film, you might fancy a drink - take your pick from the many watering holes in the Omnicentre. Theres pubs, bars and even a night club - Mood - for you to finish your night off.4) In the morning when you are regretting sitting on your ass all night eating and drinking and stuffing your face with popcorn, theres even a gym for you to go to. They thought of everything.The Omnicentre is a real hub of activity, and frankly a night out here is pretty good fun, if a bit restricted.
4	The nightlife equivalent of a faceless retail park, the Omnicentre may not provide an individual or unique experience in the fields of drinking, dining, cinema, clubbing or fitness, but it does at least provide numerous adequate options under one roof.Whilst it's shiny, modern and actually quite impressive from the outside, hanging about in any of the venues inside won't exactly build up your street cred with the cool kids. The bars are either chain outlets, incredibly naff, or usually both, and the same goes for the eateries. I'm far more tolerant of tacky restaurants than bars though, so don't actually mind places like Frankie and Bennie's even if others may roll their eyes.I wouldn't bother with the nightclub. I once saw advertisements around Edinburgh for a Keith "Cheggers" Chegwin DJ set there. I actually thought he was dead, but it seems Mood managed to wheel him out from beyond the grave, or at least the dole queue, for a last meagre pay cheque.
5	I've always had a great excitement for cinemas, but the Omni Centre just takes things to another level!Vue Cinema has several large screening rooms, all extremely comfortable and nicely presented. The movie choices are usually the latest blockbusters, whereas the more indie and alternative films can be seen at other cinemas such as the Filmhouse, or Cameo.Then we come to the incredible number of restaurants at the Omni Centre... the oddly named Slug and Lettuce (I'm finding it very difficult to eat there), Frankie and Benny's, a spanish place called La Tasca and an Australian sports bar/restaurant called Walkabout! The Omni Centre is hugely and quite distinguishable, as it's one of the few modern buildings on Leith Walk. You're almost guaranteed to have a great night there, if you don't pick a crap movie ofcourse!
4	Unlike other more generous reviewers, I find it hard to get too excited about places like this. No matter which city you're in across the UK, you'll always find a big glass-fronted complex housing several bang-average restaurants, a cinema, some bars and usually a casino thrown in for good measure. They all look the same, and they're pretty soul-less and boring.But, they're also all in great locations slap bang in the city centre, and on days when it's raining and you know you fancy doing something in the evening, but aren't sure what, whether you like it or not these places generally tend to save the day. For starters, it's the closest big cinema to to the city centre, otherwise you'd have to trek out to Fountain Park or up to Ocean Terminal. And there's also no denying that Walkabout is about so cheap for drinks that it would almost be rude not to. Unless of course you've parked in the obligatory on-site multi-storey car park, that is.Just avoid it on weekend afternoons, when it's full of kids, or during the Fringe when it's full of tourists.
3	If it's a rainy day and you're looking for something to do then you can head to The Omni Centre which houses;-Pizza Hut-Frankie & Benny's-Slug & Lettuce-Chinois-La Tasca-Vue Cinema-The Glasshouse hotel-Lloyds BarOverall, I guess, The Omni Centre is best suited to families with young children as although it offers a lot to do, it isn't very imaginative and a Frankie and Benny's or Pizza Hut and a trip to the cinema doesn't exactly rock my world. It is, however a handy place to go if you're looking for a chilled out evening at the cinema but it just feels a bit soulless and dull really and always has screaming kids running around!
4	Now I'm a big fan of the omni and go there a lot. Cinmeas great, pizza hut great chinois followed by a few others. I rate this only 4 stars as places can be a bit noisy. Non the less, I enjoy the place.
4	The great thing about the Omni Centre is its location. Its only 10 minutes walk away from Princes Street.The Omni Centre hosts a Vue Cinema with 12 screens. The seats are comfortable and the screens are large enough.The centre also hosts a good range of restaurants. I'd agree with the other reviewers that these are chain restaurants, and there is not an authentic restaurant in there, but then again if all you need is a decent dinner before your movie, those restaurants will do the trick. I personally like the La Tasca in there.If you are living in that area and would like to go to a gym, there is a Virgin Active health club in the centre.
2	The Omni Centre tries hard (or does it?) to be a good place to go.  I have to admit I'm somewhat taken by the "pavement dining" experience that the restaurants go for in here.  In a country where outdoor dining can take place for approximately 2 weeks out of the year, it's a cute/fun concept to have patios outside the restaurants in this indoor space.  The issue of course is the businesses themselves.  We've got a Whetherspoons (class personified), a Slug and Lettuce (only a notch higher than W'spoons), La Tasca (chain tapas), apparently also a Filling Station, Frankie and Bennies, and Pizza Hut.  So, not exactly the place to come for a culinary journey.  After filling up on slow fast food, you can then choose to see a film at the Vue (where the best seats will break the bank) or go for a workout at the Virgin gym.  I hear it's a really nice facility, but couldn't see myself joining a gym somewhere surrounded by poor quality food joints and a movie theatre.So, the Omni tries but these days I only come here for a movie, and that's *only* if I really have to.
2	Reading Emily H's review of the Omni Centre totally reminded me that I hadn't reviewed it yet, despite that I have quite strong feelings towards it.I mean, what is it for? There are a collection of restaurants that no one really wants to eat in. The gym attached is underground, and whilst I"ve tried the gym once on a free pass, I really didn't enjoy it as it was just one, big underground room. There's also a cinema, which doesn't really *feel* like a cinema. You have to go up some escalators, it's all open plan and big windows. I can't quite articulate it, but I'm not even a fan of the cinema itself (yeah the screens and movies shown are just as good as any other cinema, but I don't take pleasure coming here, buying popcorn and ice cream, and gathering in a wee group.)So, it's a really big, modern, all-glass building that contains a basement gym, a second-level cinema, and lots of greasy, uninspiring restaurants that I have no desire to go to. The Omni has so much potential and I just don't like anything about it.As Emily also mentions, the restaurants try to have the 'outdoor patio' effect, which can neve be achieved in Scotland really due to weather, so having it inside the Omni instead should work well. It should. But it just feels like a big, empty hall that has no vibe, energy, or buzz and I think dining here (whether inside the restaurant, or out on the patio) would be a sad affair.Jeez that's a negative review. There's nothing wrong with the building itself. I quite like the very, very large pictures of rugby players they put on the outside for a while. I just feel it has so much potential, but is so very lacking in any quality substance.
3	I was on a short visit to Scotland and had booked to take the sleeper train from Edinburgh. It had been a few years since I'd visited the city, so I was looking forward to catching up. With a few hours to kill, I decided to see a film and get something to eat before meeting friends at an Old Town bar. I was directed to the OMNI centre, a new build leisure centre not far from Waverley.On the plus side, it was convenient; food and movie in one central location. And architecturally, the design was interesting, although it didn't so much incorporate the old building beside it as look to be in the process of swallowing it.On the minus side, it was Anytown UK. The charm of Edinburgh is its idiosyncrasy; look around and there's nowhere else you could be but the Scottish capital. The OMNI was completely anonymous, with the charm of an airport.Fair enough, the cinema was comfortable and clean. The restaurant  the Filling Station, apparently a chain of bar/restaurants - was reasonably priced, the pizza tasty, and the service nice. But I couldn't wait to get out of the place and head to a warm, real place. (We ended up at the Malt Shovel!)
4	I really like this cinema. It's where I watched the first showing of the first installment of the last film of Harry Potter. Since I have seen great expectations, Brave, life of pie, the hobbit, and several other big blockbusters.It's close to Princes street and at the start of Leith, so it's pretty much accessible from anywhere in town. The quality of the screens is really good here, the seats are comfortable, there are many films and screens to choose from. I get a reduced ticket as a student, and there are times of the week/day where films are considerably cheaper. There is a Ben and Jerry's, and several other snack options, though admittedly they are quite overpriced. Luckily, just across the road is a tesco and a real foods, so I always get my snacks from there. The staff at the omni centre never seem to mind.I have fond memories of visiting this cinema, and will keep coming back!
2	I haven't been here in quite a while but my opinion of it is that it's distinctly average. It has a few average chain pubs and restaurants. The Vue cinema and Virgin gym are pretty handy but not my favourite cinema and gym brands. The crowning glory that warrants its 2 stars is the awesome giraffe sculpture outside. Even if you just walk past the Omni centre to see them, that is worth it.
2	meh i've experienced better pretty much sums up my view of the omni centre.  the building itself is quite nice, all big glass windows with a nice curve shape and huge giraffe statues outside.  but that is pretty much the only thing i like about the omni centre.the place has a number of chain restuarants that really don't excite me when only a few steps away are much higher quality independent restaurants that offer better food and better value.  i've been told the gym in the basement is very good, but it's also very much outside my price range so thumbs down for that.  besides the cinema actually, i find very little reason to visit the omni centre as it's really just a bit blah and there are so many better places to go.
2	OmniCenterI am in 2 minds about this place. It looks incredible and on a good day it makes for a great background and is an iconic building.It is however utilised by chain restaurants, Virgin gym and a cinema.Non of which are really worth a visit - well the cinema is, but still the establishments (like the cinema) are very expensive. What do I use it for? - the cinema, rendezvouses & shelter from the rain.
3	Nothing fancy within. A nice cinema and a lot of chain restaurants, mostly. The building itself is modern within an older area, but is non-tragic in design and has some fun public art installations. More or less does what it says on the label.
4	This is a small centre with just enough - the cinema - been there a few times, Weatherspoons - has great Curry Club on Thursdays (fish and chips on Fri) and a a variety of restaurants - its close to city centre and next door to the Edinburgh Playhouse and across the street from John Lewis.
3	I swear I wrote a review for this place to. Average little restaurant complex. Have plenty of places to grab a bite or a drink. Nothing fancy or top notch. There is a theatre up above which I do enjoy. It is a nice convenient place to have a quick meal before a show. Otherwise not much else to say about the place . Never had a negative experience here but not someplace I frequent much. Overall 3- stars .
