4	They bake tasty European style breads and they're really good. Priced at the same level or cheaper than premium breads that you'll find at the nearby Giant Eagle.  Day-olds are still very good and I prefer that to fresh since I toast everything.  Wide selection of breads for breakfast, lunch or dinner. A real treat is to get white or cracked wheat and get some fresh meat from the deli's nearby and make sandwiches.They also have cheese and some milk products.  Lots of sweets in their counters. Big cookies, Jewish hammataschen, and cupcakes (better than Dozen in my opinion).  Crossiants are big and fluffy.My one complaint is their emphasis on ryes and their scant whole wheat options.
5	They bake the bread for the Frick Cafe. Ask for it. Also great muffins. Open 7 to 7 -- 7 days
4	I've only gotten two things from Allegro--the oatmeal raisin cookie (both small & large) and their pumpkin pie bar. They were delicious! I particularly liked the cookies--moist & chewy!
5	I love their rye bread! And their baguettes are better and cheaper than G-eagle. They also have a bread card so frequent customers can get a free loaf.
4	Tasty fresh bread, friendly people, and cupcakes -- what could be better? The rye bread I got here was especially delicious. Be aware that they tend to run out of most things by the end of the day.
5	Their muffins and all their bread are the best I have found in Pittsburgh.
4	Walking by this store at night and early in the morning is heavenly.Beyond the smells, the baked goods at Allegro taste great.  I like their baguettes, Italian loaf, and sourdoughs.  Haven't tried their rye loaves because while I'll eat a sandwich on rye once in a while, I don't love rye enough to buy an entire loaf.  My favorite cupcakes here are the carrot cake ones (and I'm usually a choco-freak).  The pumpkin pie bars that Allegro has in the fall are pretty good, though I'm a big fan of cinnamon and other spices and I found the spice factor in the bars lacking.
5	I also think their poppyseed hamentaschen are to die for. Sometimes I'll make a detour on my walk home just so I can peak in their window to see if they have any day-old hamentaschen left. They're sold @ a discount and they make my freakin' day.
4	Allegro has the best bread in Pittsburgh.  They're yeasty and crusty and perfect. It's preservatives free, so store them carefully. I was not a fan of the cupcakes; I had the carrot, while the cake part is fine, the frosting left much to be desired.
4	Every time I get a loaf of their bread, I come home, cut a slice, and eat it right at the counter. And then I cut another slice, and another. Until I realize that I'm standing in the middle of the kitchen just eating bread. Their bread is amazing, and look at ingredients - my kalamata olive loaf had 5 total and I knew them all (water, flour, etc) I don't get the bread sliced at the store and haven't had the moldy problem yet. If I know I won't eat it quickly, I put the bread in a fridge. But it does taste best on the day it's baked.I haven't tried their pastries but I noticed Turner's milk products in a small fridge and some cheeses in a cooler. Giant Eagle across the street doesn't carry Turner's and East End Coop is a bit far to go for just milk. This place might save you some driving if you need just the basics.
5	(4.5 stars, but that rates a full 5 for Pittsburgh - I'm still holding out for a mindblowingly incredible bakery here)Can't believe I hadn't reviewed them - used to live 3 blocks away.  I never picked up a bad loaf from them, and the selection was always good.  Their bread's the best in town.  (Sweets are good, too, but there's plenty of other places in town to get those.) ...Now if I could only get them to open a location Lawrenceville so I could have good bread in walking distance.
4	Really wonderful bread. The challah was perfect, and the french baguette a close second.The cupcakes were not great--maybe a bit stale? But I forgive them. I will be back soon for more challah!
5	I anxiously await the pumpkin bars that they make in the fall. They are too good. Also try raspberry and lemon bars. Yum! Good bread, too. Natural ingredients are a huge plus.
5	Best bakery in Pittsburgh! Meh, I don't want your fruity breads Mediterra. I just want the perfect traditional rye bread. The service is great. And they have a bread card. But go early for the best selection.
4	Having not yet been to any of the bakeries in PIT, I have only Arizmendi and all those hippy slow foods California bakeries to compare it to.It's a wonderful bakery to have nearby!  Being able to swing by and have fresh bread with dinner is amazing.  All the loaves I have tried thus far are de-lish.  The only one I found a little lacking was the Left Coast sourdough.  It had the perfect texture, and its hard to argue with freshly baked, but the flavor wasn't nearly as tangy as I would have liked.I am excited to work  my way through the seasonal selections as the year goes on.Bonus points for the well curated and well priced cheese selection.  If you are looking for something a little more special than what the GEagle offers but don't feel like making the trek to the Macaroni Company in the strip.
5	have lived in pgh for a few years now, and allegro has become my go-to bakery for weekly bread and special occasion pastries.  mediterra "bakehouse" bread doesn't even compare to the true, artisan bread that i've gotten from allegro.  love their rye selection and sourdough especially!as for the sweets, the chocolate cake is amazing! have yet to find a more moist and rich cake in the city.  i always get cupcakes for when i visit my folks - they love them! can't walk past it without wanting to go in--heavenly smells!this is a good, traditional bakery, with consistent quality.  don't come here expecting bacon on your cupcakes.  they don't cater to food fads.
5	Excellent bread, for a reasonable price.
3	It's not often I find myself on Murray Ave, but i was meeting a friend over at BRGR for lunch and took the long way. I was at a red light when I noticed a parking spot near this bakery. Not too often you can get a spot on Murray right near the place you're going to, so I took it as a sign.I'd been here before, the first time was late on a Sunday afternoon, when I walked in just about everything was sold out, I had my mouth watering for texas toast made with  Allegro's 12 grain whole wheat bread. Damn Like Seinfeld, someone ahead of me got the last loaf. I settled for a regular whole wheat. I really enjoyed it. This time I was lucky and got the 12 grain I wanted. This bread is pretty amazing with lightly browned smoked tofu, charred arugula, peppered greek olives, and veganaise. No vegan restaurant makes a sandwich like that.(Thanks Deb! She's my dietician)I need to get my butt out of bed early one day and get up there when I have the entire bakery at my whim!
4	I just dropped by Allegro for the first time today as I am really tired of being disappointed by Giant Eagle's bread (tastes terrible the first day, is moldy by the next - they're sure they baked it fresh that morning??). I actually went in because I bought a Google Offer of $5 for $10 worth of baked goods.The first things that caught my eye were the pastries. They looked so good! As I am not a big sweets fan (I prefer salty to satisfy my cravings), I passed them up to check out the bread selection. I came for a baguette as that is my boyfriend's favorite to pair with a lot of dishes that he cooks. This baguette was easily bigger than the ones we've bought at Giant Eagle for about the same price. I also ended up selecting a honey sesame bread for me to munch on. Let me tell you, it is quite tasty. It was moist and slightly sweet with a hint of peanuts (or maybe that was just me? :).Ok, I didn't pass the sweets up altogether. I just kept going back to the rugelachs and ended up selecting a raspberry-filled one. Yum. The perfect amount of sweetness for someone like me who avoids cakes, cupcakes and ice cream like the plague. It was flaky and buttery and just all around good.I also would like to give a shout-out to the lady who helped me out. She was very kind and attentive and fully answered my 21 questions lol. I got a bread card so I shall be back!
4	I tried them out with a Google offer, which incidentally "forced" me to try a variety of their goods.  I got a loaf of French Peasant bread and Raisin Walnut bread, as well as a Lemon Bar and Raspberry Crisp.  The peasant bread is so good!  I almost don't want to use it for sandwiches, because it's perfect on its own, with a piece of cheese, or with a simple butter spread.  Very flavorful; a nice crust on the outside and chewy on the inside.  I could probably finish the entire loaf by myself in a few days.  The raisin walnut wasn't as sweet as I'd expected, but makes for a hearty breakfast/snack bread.  As for the cookies: normally I don't go for bar cookies, but they looked so good I had to try them.  They're yummy, but I like the breads the best.The regular price (~$4/loaf) is a bit higher than I'd normally pay for bread.  But I like it enough that I'll be sure to stop by again.  I didn't notice until after selecting my items that they have a Sun-dried Tomato bread.  I definitely have to try that sometime!
4	My regular bakery. The loafs are typically very good, and they rarely disappoint. I can recommend the seedless rye (what's wrong with people to like sesame seeds in their bread? overpowering!), but other loafs are very good too. Their Challah loaf, brioche (particularly with raisin), and cinnamon loaf are all excellent, and make for delicious breakfasts. Prices are reasonable. Cooking varies from time to time, and the bread crust can be more or less cooked...A letdown: their croissants are not great.
4	I've found that many bakeries in Pittsburgh tend to have a good selection of cakes, pies, cookies, pastries, etc. but don't have a good handle on whole grain, crusty/rustic breads. Allegro Hearth fills that void with a well-balanced daily selection of farmer's bread, rye, whole wheat, honey wheat, and breads with raisins and nuts or olives, and baguettes. These are well baked loaves, and the quality and simplicity of ingredients comes through well. You aren't going to get super soft, dough-conditioned "fake" bread here. Good job Allegro. As far as the sweets go, it's more of a mixed bag. The rugelach are very good, as is the apple pie (excellent, buttery crust). However, the cupcakes and eclairs that I've tried aren't on the same level.
5	Best sourdough anywhere. The new(?) sesame honey loaf also kicks some serious bread butt---it elevates the late- night- at- home sandwich making to new heights.Thank you allegro.
4	Delicious bread and the employees were very helpful for this breast-feeding mom!
5	If you're looking for fantastic, authentic Challah this is the place to go! The pastries and cupcakes are quite tasty, too!
5	I felt so fortunate when I found this bakery.  I've tried about half of the varieties of bread and they've all been delicious.  Their challah is particularly wonderful - fluffy and eggy and ethereal.  The Russian rye is the best I've ever had.  And their cookies, cupcakes and other sweet pastries are amazing.  Yesterday I bought half a dozen rugelach and they blew our minds.  Best of all, they have a frequent buyer card.  When you buy eight loaves of bread, you get the ninth one free.  I have managed to get a free loaf of bread every six week or so.  I LOVE this bakery!!
4	Picked up a loaf of raisin walnut bread, and have been eating it as a snack. They don't skimp on the raisins or the walnuts. Also tried a large chocolate chip cookie...decent, but not the best I've had.My boyfriend had a walnut brownie which he enjoyed.
5	Allegro hearth is consistently great! I've tried their ciabatta and sourdough breads, apple pie (for a very reasonable $11), and cherry Hamentaschen. Everything is great. The ciabatta pairs well with stewy paella and is wonderful turned into a pan bagnat sandwich soaked in olive oil and salty treats. The Hamentaschen and apple pie were fresh, fruity and not too sweet (delicious!).I would definitely recommend this bakery.
5	This place is AMAZING!!! I literally stopped buying bread at giant eagle because it was sheer crap compared to Allegro. Bread is baked fresh DAILY and they have all sorts to choose from.The french bread is always good...if you're looking for something for sandwiches, I'm always for the ciabatta (or ciabatinis), sourdough, or traditional rye (i think this is better than the russian rye). Italian is good too, and they can slice it thick for some monster sandwiches. Of course, their challah is DELICIOUS, and they make a ton of it around the Jewish holidays. Be sure to grab a bread card and get it stamped! I think it was buy 8 loaves get one free...something like that. I filled up a fair share of bread cards while I was living in Squirrel Hill.If you live around the area, walk past around 9 or 10 while they're baking...my girlfriend says it smells just like France.
4	A great place to go for fresh bread.  If you'd had good continental european bread, the outside is crispy and the inside tends to be soft and cold (because it's so moist).  That's my test of good bread.  The bread at Allegro tends to be a bit dry inside.
4	Their bread is where its at. I'm done buying regular store bought bread. They also have a bread card, where you can "earn" a free loaf. Their other baked goods are only okay, except for their rugelach, that is phenomenal here.
4	I have a go-to fresh bread joint that I hit up whenever I'm home in San Francisco, but since I'm more than a hop and skip away, I was determined to find a bakery to fulfill my bread-eating desires. I came rather late in the day so most of their breads were sold out. But, I read many reviews on Allegro's italian bread so I HAD to try it. The lady behind the counter was nice enough to explain the difference between their sourdough (which is what I wanted to try) and italian bread. To make things even better, they sold cheese (my love!) and olives there! What perfection, since I couldn't seem to find a stand-alone cheese shop anywhere in Pittsburgh. I bought some brie to go with my bread, brought it home, chopped up some garlic and made some tasty garlic bread. It was de-lish. Since the loaf was huge, I'll be eating it for a month (thanks, freezer!).
5	I'll definitely be popping in here whenever I am going through Squirrel Hill!The prices are extremely reasonable. Most of the pastries were around $2 each which makes them cheaper and I'm sure more delicious than anything you could waste your money on at a Starbucks.The bread and cheese that I got was delicious. They have a small cooler with just about every type of cheese I could ever want. I got a great little wheel of sharp provolone for $3.The girl working the counter was sweet as could be and chatted me up a bit. I'm always looking for bread options other than generic grocery store loaves. Looking forward to trying some different bread next time.
5	THE bakery.Their prices are excellent and the food is always great.  I've never bought a bad loaf of bread here and always get a brioce roll when I am in.Also the sweets are always really great.  Cookies are wonderful.The staffa re also really nice nad they have great hours.
5	Yum! Just stopped in on a whim, and the roll I got -- forget what it's called, sorry! -- was delicious and sourdough in texture, and the granola I am now munching on is also a great combination of flavors and textures, plus it was only $3 which is the price of most parfaits with 1/10 of the granola. Staff was very pleasant, and the bakery itself was warm and inviting.
4	I haven't visited many bakeries in Pittsburgh. Of the few bakeries I have been to, Allegro is the best so far. The bakery smells great when you walk in. If there was a cafe area with tables and chairs, then I bet some folks would never leave because of the smell.We picked up a box of five pastries, and I was very satisfied with all of them. I split the pastries with a friend so that we could try a greater variety. First, we tried the carrot cake. It was very balanced. It was moist and fluffy yet had a nice crunch. The icing was pleasantly sweet too. Second, we tried the Chocolate Petit Four. It was quite buttery, and one of the most compact chocolate desserts I've ever had. I'm perplexed as to how the bakers fit so much chocolate flavor into one pastry. Third, we tried the chocolate snowball which was lighter than the Petit Four and had a nice balance of chocolate and coconut flavors. Fourth, we had the chocolate walnut bar which, like the snowball, paired chocolate well with another ingredient: crushed walnuts. It was a bit drier than the other pastries, but I felt it added a nice contrast to all the butter and moist pastries we had eaten so far. Last, we had the chocolate macaroon brownie.I felt that the brownie or the carrot cupcake were the best stand alone desserts in that they were well balanced. They both featured contrasts in texture and flavors which I liked. I will admit that the brownie was my favorite of the pastries, yet I wouldn't dissuade anyone from trying any of the pastries which I mentioned above.AHB is certainly deserving of four-and-a-half stars.
5	My boyfriend stopped by here a few weeks ago and surprised me with some delicious pastries. I gobbled them up, and I wanted more. Unfortunately, he forgot the exact name of the bakery. He knew where it was though, and when we passed by today, we decided to stop. Walking in feels so right. They have racks of fresh bread with minimal preservatives. The options range from kalamata-olive loaves to sourdough and so much more. It smells like a delicious carb heaven in here. The real beauties are in the display case in front of you though. Cupcakes, cookies, cakes, pastries and all kinds of things. A lot of them are pastries I have never heard of, so I assume they are Jewish pastries. Correct me if I am wrong, though. I picked out a brownie with walnuts and a cherry-cheese shortbread-type cookie. My boyfriend got a lemon bar, the very last of something delicious and hard to pronounce and a blueberry shortbread-type cookie. I apologize for not knowing the names of these, but you'll know what I am talking about if you visit! I absolutely adore this place. The staff is super friendly and willing to help you, and they are patient. The prices are so affordable. We walked out with a bag full of yummies for under $7. You can't beat that, considering most pastry and bread shops charge a small fortune. Skip the Starbucks cookie tomorrow morning, and come here instead! You won't regret it.
5	Very awesome place for bread. Very good. Go in early though because it will sell out :,(
4	I stopped in this afternoon with some friends and picked up a chocolate petit four, since one of them recommended it.  It was quite good--very moist and chocolatey, with smooth, thick chocolate icing on top and vanilla icing in the middle.  My only criticism is that I thought it could be a bit more complex flavor-wise and in terms of texture.  It was still very good, though, and the price was right at $2.25.Obviously, this isn't a complete review since I haven't tried any of their bread, which is what seems to be their specialty.  If/when I try it, I'll write an update.  4.5 stars.
5	Go smell this bakery.  It is one of the best smelling bakeries of all time.  When you are done inhaling free happiness, talk to one of the awesome workers behind the counter.  Generally, they're a pretty friendly group.The cupcakes with raspberry icing ($2.11 including tax) are delicious!  They use real raspberries, which you can see in the icing.  Now, don't quote me on this, but I BELIEVE one of the employees told me they use all natural ingredients, at least for these cupcakes.  Cool!I have tried many samples of their bread and been super impressed, and I cannot walk out of her without buying one.  The loaves are super reasonably priced.  I love the sour dough, cinnamon twist, and Italian.  They also have bread cards!!!  Buy eight loaves and get one free!!  What a steal!
4	I stopped in to buy birthday cupcakes for a friend, but ended up getting brownies and chocolate croissants and lots of bread. I try to stop in here once a week for my bread now. They have a lovely selection of breads, from walnut raisin to ciabatta. So far, I'm not a fan of the chocolate croissants, but the breads are scrumptious. The employees there are really nice and make helpful suggestions. The prices are pretty good. The same kind of bread is the same price at Giant Eagle (about $4-5), but I think the one at Allegro is fresher. Plus, I like the idea of supporting a local bakery that makes small-batch breads. There is also a shelf by the door that has day old bread for 40% off. I got one once and it still tasted pretty fresh.
