5	This is my local hotspot for everything.  Hockey games here are awesome.  They have a great wing special, $1 dollar tacos and cheap pizza during all games.  This is like my secret hideout when I want to escape the hustle and bustle of hipster bars.  The food is outstanding, not to mention there are so many flavor of wings to choose from (I recommend the Stinkers or if you're a hot lover the Firecracker wings)The owner is a wonderful person, right down to his sweat pants!  Everyone that works there is pleasant, interesting, talkative, and very welcoming.The prices at Stinky's couldn't be more perfect.  The crowd is always diverse from cops to hipsters, from yinzers to new to the neighborhood-ers.  I've never had a bad night at Stinky's.  Karaokee is always fun there, bingo happens during the week, they have live local bands play (not my taste in music but...)  I can't rave enough about how absolutely perfect Stinky's Bar & Grill is.
5	With hockey season back in full swing this thursday, the better half and I decided to hit up stinkys for some take out.  We were gearing up to get home, devour our food get drunk and listen to 90's music.  Yup.I hadn't been to eat at stinkys for a few weeks, I felt like I had abandoned my home.  We walked in and were greeted as usual by all the employees.  Some of the customers also gave a wave, a nod, or a smile.  Our food was superb, this time I opted for a change of pace and god the ribeye wrap.  (My usualy being the wings, the chicken tenders, or the buffalo wrap).  First time having it, and it was good.I was so pleased and nostalgic that I had to go back to stinkys the next day too.  Good lord.I ordered a bloody mary and a buffalo chicken sandwich.  And everything was right in the world.  I couldn't ask for a better place to watch my pens games at.  Or, for that matter, better company.  Everything there is a true fan, an excited fan, and friendly.I love the banter during hockey games, the drink specials which always leave me walking (er, stumbling) down butler street content and slightly drunk.  If you haven't been to stinkys you should try it sometime.  But don't go during hockey games unless you plan on joining in on the screaming and fighting.
5	I love Stinky's...$1 beers and the best wings I've had in Pittsburgh on special during all hockey and football games.  If I have Spicy Garlic sauce from my wings left over, you will find me trying to eat it with my fingers.  It's that good.
3	Stinky's is a cool little dive on the corner of a residential section of Lawerenceville. I wandered in on a Friday afternoon and it was pretty quiet except for a handful of people pumping money into those ubiquitious slot machines that are a staple at all Pittsburgh dives. The girl working behind the bar was friendly and the regulars that patron the place ended up being pretty friendly also. There is the awkward moment of walking into a "regulars" bar during slow hours were everyone sort of looks at you with a cocked eye brow and giving the "who the hell is this guy" vibe. But if you can weather the initial outsider feeling a regular will eventually start chatting you up and before you know it you feel like you've known everyone at Stinky's your whole life. I heard the food is good, but when i stopped in I'd just ate lunch so this time didn't try any.
3	Had dinner at Stinky's last evening on a recommendation of a friend. Meh recommended the Codfather fish sandwich and  The Harp.  The harp is like a Philly Cheese Steak.   Our party ordered both of these and yes they are very good.  The Stinky chips are thin and crisp.  Very good.Ok, here comes the BUT.  it isn't call Stinky for no reason.  The odor of disinfectant  was extremely strong.  Even after being inside for 20 minutes the smell still burned the nose.  If you can get past this the food is good.
3	It's a dump. And I don't say that in a pejorative way. I love dumps/dive bars. Some of my favorite all time places are ones you wouldn't take your mom to. The beer selection runs to your neighborhood tavern style selections. Don't be looking for no craft beers here! But I'm ok with that - it's what you'd expect when you walk in the door and your eyes behold all that's in front of you in it's seedy, turn of the century splendor.Food is interesting if not superb. Good menu of diverse subs and specialty sandwiches with names like Mom's favorite or the Big Skunk. Prices are good and portion size is large. We ate at the bar - seemed to be the thing to do - so I can't attest to any of the "restaurant" qualities of the place. It's a little seedy and doesn't give you the feeling you're in the cleanest place in Lawrenceville. But if I'm in the neighborhood, I'd go back! Guess it's that dive lover in me. And this is a dive!
4	Cool little place.  Neighborhood bar, nothing fancy.  Good place to go for a beer.
4	After living down the street from this bar for ~2 years, I finally ventured there last night and was very impressed! My friends and I took a cue from the other Yelpers and went to Stinky's during a Pens game and had a great time.  We all got wings, (because who can pass up the Pens game special of $0.40 wings?!) and there were zero complaints.  I got the "stinkers" flavor, which I was informed was a garlic, hot and bbq mix.  They were delicious!!  My mouth is still salivating and I may have licked the sauce off each finger in the most un-ladylike fashion, but I couldn't let any go to waste!  Among my friends, we tried the Ranch, Hot and Cajun flavors and everyone liked what they got.  The bartenders were friendly and made sure we knew right away of the specials, like when the Pens score, you get $2 off your next beer.  Not only is this is an amazing deal, but I appreciated that the bartender informed us of this, as she probably realized it was our first time visiting.  As for the atmosphere, there are a ton of TV's, which makes watching the game convenient from wherever you're seated.  The place was pretty big too - we had a table in the main area, but noticed a side room with some games and a back room with tables and pool table, maybe?  Also, (as a girl I feel the need to proclaim this in writing,) Stinky's bathrooms were about the nicest/cleanest I've ever seen in a bar!  The only small complaint is that it was a bit smoky, but I've learned to deal, and almost expect this, at most bars so it wasn't a deal breaker for me, at least.  If you're looking for a laid-back, no-frills type of bar to relax with your friends, I absolutely recommend this bar.  Off the beaten path of Butler Street, it's like a little hidden gem in Lawrenceville.  My friends and I can't wait to go back!
2	Been here twice to attend advertised Karaoke only to find out, sadly, they weren't having it.  Recommend calling ahead first if anticipating a night of belting out your fav tunes!
5	I moved here from Chicago last year and immediately went searching for a "local" bar. After a few tries, I stumbled into Stinkys and, well, I really haven't left. The owners, Paul, Val and their son, Bobby, made me feel welcome the first time I came in. The staff is friendly and provides great service. The menu is more extensive than most chain restaurants and is fantastic. I particularly love their wings and nachos. Bottom line - if you want a fun, friendly bar, come to Stinkys! You'll be glad that you did!
4	Good fish sandwich and burger. Wide variety of food on the menu.
4	Customer service means a lot to me.  When you walk into a new joint and the bartender greets you, asks you what your name is as he shakes your hand, inquires about your day and treats you like family you know you're not in for an ordinary experience.  I was in the neighborhood and I stopped on by to watch a game.  The bartender here made my experience just right.  Why am I docking a star? Stinky's really isn't a misnomer.  This place reeks of stale cigarette smoke.  PA needs to get over itself and do like it's neighbor to the west by enacting an indoor smoking ban.
5	Some of the best bar food in the city, this is really a hidden gem with a dining area and a bar that allows smoking. If you can't find something to eat on the menu you don't belong in Pittsburgh.  The bartenders and fellow patrons are all very friendly which creates a nice enviroemnt wether you are alone or with a couple friends. An upstairs bar is also available for private parties.
5	This places has hands down the BEST wings in the city.  My husband is from Buffalo and he would drive half an hour once we move to the burbs to get these things.The staff was super friendly and we really felt welcomed, even though we were just hanging out at the bar waiting for take out every time.  It is a little off the beaten path and if you blink you might miss it, but keep your eyes wide open for this one.
5	One of my favorite spots to go to when the penguins play. Great food, great drink specials, and the staff is ok.
4	We love coming here for karaoke on Friday and Saturday nights.  I don't partake, but my friends and some other regulars do, and it's highly entertaining.  I've only had the wings, which are delicious, and they offer a variety of sauces.  Drinks are cheap, relative to the other bars in the area.
3	I was disappointed, but I will be returning.Stinky's has an adequate beer selection.  Everyone in the party was pleased.  The beer pricing is excellent.The place was extremely clean which is awesome.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the staff are extremely friendly.My disappointment was that they offer pizza using a frozen crust.  Why would they do that?  Horribly disappointing.The wings on the other hand were great.The sandwiches looked good, as did the salads.Don't get the pizza and you'll be fine.
5	The fish was delicately breaded and fried just right. It's as good as Piper's Pub! The zucchini strips were handbreaded and excellent as good as Piper's too!! The rueben the bf had was really good as well!!we will definitely be back! Great place!!
