1	Pretty much the same situation as the previous reviewer. Was given the block between 12-2 pm for the tech to arrive. Waited and waited. Received a call from them at 2:23. (completely unprofessional) Was told they were running behind.  I pressed for a time was told about 2 hours. Guess what 4:30 comes and no tech. I call again was told another 2 hours. This is becoming comical. The only reason I have allowed this to go on for so long is that my landlord has set this appt. up. If I were paying for the service I would have told them to go pound sand after receiving a call 23 minutes after my scheduled appt. Guess what, 6:30 rolls around.  My entire day has been wasted. It is just beyond my comprehension that a company such as this is still in business. I received a weak (I could really care less) sorry and was told it would be about 8:00pm before he got to me. I said you have got to be kidding, don't even worry about coming.
1	This place doesn't even deserve a star rating. Dec 29th they came to "fix" our fridge.$350 later, one month later, 10 no shows, and being hung up on when inquiring on appoint to honor their "guarantee service" and I have fridge that is worse off then when I started. Do not conduct business with this company unless you want to spin your wheels and waste your time and money.
1	BEWARE . FRAUDULENT . Came to my house on 4/11/13 to fix the refrigerator . Took $330 deposit for a part that needed to be ordered . Has not returned . Will not refund my money. They have no intention of fixing my fridge.
5	I have had several appliances repaired by appliance repair today and always have found them to be honest on time and up front with their pricing. The most resent repair to my Samsung dryer was quite a process the parts had to be special ordered I was informed up front by the technician it could be quite a process so unless I had 4 weeks to wait for the part I should replace it..... I opted to wait the four weeks the I was given a loaner until the part arrived The repair took less than 15 minutes and saved me $800 so in the end I am very happy.
