5	I have been eating at different Pho resturants since 1998.  You know that super thirst you get after eating a bowl of yummy Pho?  It's because of the MSGs.  The Spring Roll Factory doesn't use MSG so no super thirst or after taste.  The owner came and was explaining how he makes the broth everyday.  I will have to say that it is the best Pho place in all of Arizona.  I pretty much have discovered all the restaurants in the Valley....even the one up in Flagstaff, which isn't so great.
5	Super friendly staff, delicious food, fast service. What else could one ask for?  Can't wait to go back!
5	Super sweet family owners, quality pho and spring rolls. Had a beef pho, chicken pho, and grilled pork bowl for me, my wife and two young kids. All was very tasty. Very casual so great for the kids. Owner made me a green mussel on the house which was very good as well. Opened very recently, go check them out if you are in the area.
5	My wife and I had the pleasure of trying SRF today and tried the grilled Pork sandwich, Salad and egg rolls then Richard gave us two Mussels to try out and ALL OF IT WAS AMAZING! Very friendly staff and the food delicious while staying healthy. Please do not go to a greasy chain, you owe yourself to eat fresh healthy food! Can't wait to go back again!
5	I have probably been to 40+ Vietnamese restaurants in search of the ultimate bowl of soup. As far as the pho goes.. Spring Roll Factory landed right in the middle of the pack. I've had better. I've also had much worse. The menu here is a little dumbed down, and includes the basic Viet menu items which will appeal to the majority. The most important contributing factor in my own personal Pho Scoring system is the broth. This is where SRF excelled. The broth (beef pho) was mildly sweetened by anise, and charred ginger flavors. Then salty, and rich. Maybe a tad on the salty side.. but still very good. I prefer to spruce up my soup with salt and heat as necessary. Other contents of the soup were typical, minus the meatballs, which I would say were above average. Very flavorful. I would like for my sliced meat however, to be sliced thinner, and rare. I did have an issue with the spring rolls as well. I would love for them to include more basil, or cilantro, as they were on the bland side.. mainly consisting of shredded iceberg lettuce and cucumber. The complimentary egg rolls which I hear are gifted on your first visit made up for this though.. Get some of them!The service was the best part of my experience here. Don't get me wrong! I enjoyed my meal.. but the woman (pretty sure the owner) who greeted me when I came in totally won me over as a customer. She was personable, and sincere. She seemed to be very happy, and explained to me some of their food preparation processes. She  really put out some good vibes, and this is why I gave 5 stars. For me, my experience with service at a restaurant weighs just as heavy as the food experience.Spring Roll Factory is a new restaurant in a great area. They offer quality food at a reasonable price, with fantastic service. I am sure anyone else would say the same-
5	I've been hooked on Pho for 6 months now and have tried most of the Pho restaurants in Chandler. The Egg Roll Factory is one of the best, especially the service.  The owners and their staff are very nice and always make you fell welcome.The Pho does not have MSG which is a plus.  I'm looking forward to trying some of their other menu items but everytime I get to the counter,  the only word that come out of my mouth is , I'd like the beef Pho please.So support the Egg Roll Factory, wonderful folks....
5	I could hardly wait to get home and write this review. My wife asked if I wanted to go to this new place call Spring Roll Factory and I agreed thinking we were going for Chinese food.  As we are walking in she told me it was Vietnamise food. I was a little worried as I had never had Vietnamese food. As soon as we walked in the two owners greeted us and asked if it was our first time. They explained the menu and gave us some suggestions. We ordered a bowl of Pho, an order of pork spring rolls, and a rice plate with chicken. I loved the Pho! Very tasty noodle soup. The rice plate with chicken was great with the fish sauce and the spring rolls were pretty good. I like them with the peanut sauce better than the fish sauce.  We also got the free egg roll with the sweet and sour sauce and it was AWESOME, the sweet and sour sauce is FANTASTIC! We are definitely hooked and will be back.
5	Thanks to Richard for treating my mom and aunt and I so attentively. Bahn Mi sandwich tasted so clean and fresh. Next time I try the pork!Spring rolls were delish, peanut sauce so so yum, i can eat it alone. Aunt Mary's pho bowl was ginormous, large delicious portion. Again the the freshness of the veggies really was grade A. My mom's noodle bowl with chicken report was "extremely addictive."Thank you for the egg rolls on the side and the tasting menu. Good luck, see you when I return to CHANDLER!
5	We weren't sure what we wanted for dinner last night, just that we wanted something close by but good.  After using Yelp to locate this restaurant, we were pleasantly surprised to find something GREAT.With the fresh ingredients and charming owners, authenticity was the name of the game here. My chicken pho and traditional shrimp spring rolls were amazing. And the owner, Richard, didn't even flinch when I rattled off my order but asked him to modify it because I'm so damn picky! It was easy there because everything was made to order. My husband, son and I will be a frequent and regular visitor to this wonderful eatery, and so should you.
5	Impeccable food and great casual place to eat. The owners and staff were very friendly.
5	OMG!! If you have not been here you need to go.  This place just opened & has a small specialized menu.  They owner is the chef & he knows his stuff.  This place is more than spring rolls; they have fantastic rice plates, PHO, sandwhiches & more.  Very clean, friendly, well priced & AMAZING food!  Seriously, you need to visit this place.  Local business, local owner & fresh hand made food.
5	If you haven't tried this restaurant yet, you are missing out. Pho I amazing. Don't miss the spring rolls, rolled right in front of you. Fresh ingredients, perfectly prepared and excellent flavor. Clearly family owned with pride.  I am planning my next trip for the ban mi sandwich.
5	I felt compelled to finally write a yelp review because this place is just so good people need to know about it.  It's a little hard to find if you enter the shopping center from west most entrance which brings you in behind the place.  As another helpful reviewer mentioned , it's right next to Bosa Doughnuts.Now for the actual review.  I love Pho, Vietnamese french bread sandwiches and Vietnamese style spring rolls.  Since I moved to Ahwatukee (working in SouthEast Tempe), I have been looking for a place that had this in more of a reasonably priced cafe/take-out type set up rather than more formal sit-down dining.  Now I have!My first stop I got Pho Ga (Chicken) and Grilled Pork sandwich for dinner.  Both were so good I came back the next day for lunch, and while intending to try other items, I ordered both of these again.This is the best Pho broth I have had.  It has amazing savory/fresh flavor without being too salty . Many Pho restaurants overdo the salt/msg so I leave most of the broth in the bowl.  Not the case at the Springroll Factory (when I shared my compliments they mentioned that they do not use MSG).  The chicken, noodles and veggies were all just right too.The bbq pork is amazing too.  Excellent flavor, tender and served on a nice crusty bread like they are supposed to be.  I sample the bbq beef and it was just as good as the pork.This is a small place with a few tables and the dine in experience is not fancy (which I generally prefer).  The service is excellent and friendly.It's a basic menu (e.g. they stick to just two of the most popular Pho varieties - chicken and beef).  Rather than do a whole bunch of items they have fewer items done very well and at reasonable prices.I have to get back soon and try the springrolls (which they make while you watch) as well as some of the other tasty looking items.
5	My husband and I visited because we have never eaten Vietnamese food before. The staff was amazing! We met the chef, had Beef Pho and Shrimp Spring Rolls, everything was delicious and fresh. We will definitely be back!
5	This place is legit. Very affordable. Mussels are incredible. Pork and chicken is very tasty. Pho and spring rolls are quality. The owner/cook and his wife are very friendly and will treat you right.
5	Wonderful food with a friendly staff.... If you have a craving for pho or spring rolls this place is perfect. Good prices too!
5	Great food and very nice people. The pho noodle soup is awesome! I recommend this place.
5	Best pho I have had...EVER. Top notch service and excellent value. I had the beef pho and the meat was fresh and tender. The broth was savoury with the perfect amount of unique spice. The spring rolls were so fresh and they don't use to much lettuce as filler. Five stars in every aspect.
5	1st time eating Vietnamese food. Very Good! Very friendly staff. The standard has been set. :)
5	Had the summer spring rolls. If you are going to try some spring rolls here...those are the ones.
5	This place is great! I've been looking for a Vietnamese place near my work and today I found it! The spring rolls were delicious! The pho was awesome and the service was fabulous! I would definitely recommend trying this place. The only thing I would mention is that the noodles are different than what I am used to. I'm not a pho expert by any means and the noodles aren't bad just a little bit thicker.
1	spring roll was 85% ice berg lettuce, sucked. Bahn Mi was even worse, big long stalks of cilantro, dry semi hard pork. I made a huge mistake by not going to Lee's Sandwich.
5	Our first time there yesterday and the woman at the counter greeted us with a nice smile.  I absolutely love that it's close to our house and the food was above our standards.  At least here you get all of it,  great food for your pocket.  I never had outstanding customer service at a Vietnamese restaurant,   so that to is a plus.   The owner took time out to come over and introduce herself and talked to us about the concept of her food.  I thought that was very thoughtful of her.   We ordered beef pho,  pork banh mi,  Pork rice dish and 2 orders of goi cuon (spring rolls).  Everything was made to order and tasted very fresh.   I recommend this place to everyone who loves Vietnamese food.  This place went above and beyond for the customers and our family is glad you came to our side of town. Keep up the wonderful job and we will see you soon SRF!!!
5	My favorite Vietnamese restaurant! I love it, my wife and kids love it. Spring rolls and Pho is on point. Non greasy, just right. Great affordable price. fun and easy place to bring the family. I love them so much that I am networking with them. Highly recommended. Oh yeah and the clams are like you never had them before.
5	Yep call me a SoCal vietnamese food snob... But this is probably some of the best pho in Phoenix since I've moved here! The owners are really down to earth and have great service... Even got a free egg roll! Definitely will be back to try the rest of their menu!
3	I am kind of surprised by all the 5 star reviews on here because I didn't think their pho was that impressive. It was good, but nothing amazing. I actually thought the broth was a little bland. I couldn't detect any of the spices I am used to (anise, cloves, ginger). I am not an expert on what is authentic by any means but I just thought it was somewhat tasteless. Noodles and meat were very good, though, so I still enjoyed it very much. We didn't try the spring rolls but I did get an egg roll and it was pretty tasty and came with a good sauce. The hubby got an order of the chicken wings. They were very meaty and cooked perfectly. But again they were pretty bland and had no seasoning whatsoever on them. I know in a Vietnamese place I wasn't expecting Buffalo sauce but they usually put some kind of spices or marinate them in a fish sauce or something like that.The service was very friendly and welcoming. It is not a fancy place by any means but it was clean and decorated in a cute way. I am pretty loyal to pho da lat up the road and I didn't really taste anything at the Spring Roll Factory to make me switch but I think I would probably come again for takeout because they are cheaper and closer to my house.
5	Go to Spring Roll Factory now!  Trust me because I know you will want to race back to give it a 5 star review, too!  It is that good, absolutely amazing.How good?  I grabbed a few rolls on a whim for lunch. They were so good, that same night I convinced the family we had to go back so I could try the Pho. My entire, VERY picky, family loved SRF!The menu is simple, not the overwhelming choices you typically see.  This means SRF can maintain high quality while perfecting the dishes. When you enter, you'll be greeted by two of the nicest husband and wife restaurateurs you'll ever meet. This is a family owned business that takes great pride in the restaurant, the food and the overall experience.On to the food. I must admit I'm a beef pho snob. For me, it is all about the broth. And SRF nails it with only fresh ingredients and NO MSG. The owner has a high mark for taste and freshness and does not compromise.  It really shows in the Pho.  Great portions of meat and noodles balanced with spring onions and garden-fresh goodies on the side.  My wife has never had a chicken pho she's really liked. SRF's chicken pho has her hooked.  But don't stop there.  The spring rolls, created right before you for the freshest roll you'll ever eat, are perfect.  Light, delicious and healthy.  I can't think of a better food during the AZ summers.The egg rolls are also very tasty.  I'm not a huge mussel fan, but the owner brought me one and I have to admit, they are FANTASTIC.  I've hereby dub the owner, Richard, King of Pho.  All hail King Richard and his excellent culinary skills.
4	We have dined at this restaurant several times. The spring rolls are fresh, the pho is delicious, and we have even tried the chicken wings. All good stuff. The owners are very friendly and we are glad to have a good "hole-in-the-wall" place!
3	Had the beef Pho, serving size was definitely not the strong suit here.  Broth was ok, I think there are better restaurants out there, especially for the price.
5	Found this place on a whim. The pho beef soup is very refreshing and not so oily compared to other places. One of my favorites! My boyfriend can't stay away from the grilled pork. To top it off, the owners were extremely friendly.
5	So yummy! One of the staff was so friendly and helpful to my bf letting him taste samples and explained different menu items. The spring rolls are of course legit! Will return very soon and eat more! We tried one with vietnamese pork sausage. Mmmmm!
5	I thought I liked Vietnamese food but apparently not.  I still wanted to write a review because they were super friendly and helpful in our dinner choices and a new restaurant and for the Vietnamese lovers out there should give it a try. So they get a five star for friendliness. Enjoy!
5	Nicest owners!  Let me try samples and offered menu suggestions. Could not have been more hospitable. Food was excellent!  Would definitely recommend and go back again.
5	Being from California, I know what authentic Vietnamese food tastes like. The owners are beyond friendly BUT most importantly, the food is tasty! The pho portion is a pretty large portion! Try out the grilled pork spring rolls! Those are excellent! If you're in the mood for noodles get the noodles with grilled pork and add egg rolls. You won't be disappointed! Hope this helps!
2	Though the food tasted good the pricing compared to the quantity is not worth it.. I watched her put only one piece of chicken mind you this is the same size one piece of chicken she gives away as a sample for a five dollar order of spring rolls. The rice plate is the same thing the portion of meat is very very frugle she tries to layer it over the rice but it's appeal just makes it look desperate
5	I really can't rate anything except the Pho, but that's because I can't get past the pho!  I too was introduced to Pho about 6 months ago.  Since then I've tried 3 different restaurants for pho.  I was craving it one night when my son reminded me that there was a new place around the corner.  I went over and ordered the Chicken Pho to go.  I mentioned to the gentleman at the counter (also the owner) that I hadn't tried their restaurant before.  Before I could blink, I had a small plate or grilled pork and chicken to try.  The chicken was nice and tender, but the pork was amazing!  One of these days I will actually order a spring roll!  The best part about this restaurant is the owners. I brought my parents in, whom I had recently introduced to Vietnamese food (specifically pho) and told the owner that this was their first time there.  He immediately offered to let my dad try the chicken and pork, but my dad was already set on the pork, so he had the Pork rice plate - Thit Nuong.  This was as good as he's had and loves the jasmine rice!  My mom had the noodle plate, with chicken. She liked it, but after seeing my pho she wished she ordered that!Back to the owners quickly.  The owners are husband and wife. After the wife was done cooking, she came out to speak with us, make sure we were happy and to explain a little bit of her recipes.  She had said she hoped to have a restaurant where you felt like you were with family.  I think she's well on her way to that!  I am in there at least once a week, or I send my son in.  She now knows us by name, and asks every time how we are doing!  It's a great place!!
5	Delicious! First time trying and I really can't rave enough. The owner is genuinely nice and takes pride in his fresh food, which you can taste. We had beef pho, eggs rolls(droooool) and chicken sandwich.....BOMB!!! We got to taste some pork and chicken while we waited. This place is so worth a visit, everything about it is amazing
5	Great food and service. A must-go destination if you are in town. The tilapia roll and the sauces are highly recommended!
5	I am becoming an official regular here! I love the small menu because the items are so specialized. The beef and chicken pho are both yummy with flavorful broth. The Summer Spring rolls are so delicious that I crave them! Tonight I went for the pork and noodles...might be my favorite so far. The pork was so flavorful and cooked just so - it took me right back to the street food in Hoi An. You have to top it all off with the Vietnamese coffee! The family that owns and operates this location are simply some of the sweetest people in Chandler. Love them!
4	Food is great and customer service is exceptional. I've tried pretty much everything on the menu and the only thing that needs a little more flavor is the dipping sauce for the spring rolls, but other than that everything is great!
5	Wish I'd discovered this place before now!The beef pho was delicately flavored and delicious; you could literally taste the care that went into it. The owner assured me that he made it the old-fashioned way, with hours and hours of simmering. I could have used a touch more basil on the side but that's only a personal taste. The grilled pork spring rolls were not only gorgeous but flavorful and very fresh. The garlic-fish sauce that came with it was just warm enough to add a burst of heat to the subtle flavors. I'll definitely be back. Recommended.
5	Came in here after in came highly recommended from a friend. Their pho is amazing. Definitely trying the sandwich next time!
5	wonderful service and the food is amazing.  I had to try the spring rolls.  Wonderful !I tried the rice plate with grilled pork and tasted the pot stickers.  All where great !  Must try
2	Tried out this place as it's close to work. The inside is nice and clean. Ordering was a breeze as the menu is quite simple.Ordered the dry vermicelli with beef. The noodles were cooked well however the beef was overcooked and too chewy. The portion size was not very large especially given the price of the meal. Normally at other restaurants if you order without vegetables (the bed of veggies on the bottom of the dish), they tend to give you more noodles. However it was not the case here.Overall, it was too pricey for what you get and the flavor was lacking. Will likely not return.
3	Food is great, I've only had the beef pho and spring rolls. My only complaint is the portion compared to the price. Pho da lat is not as good but you get more for your money.
5	This is the best Pho I've found in Arizona.. And the customer service is exceptional! I highly recommend this hidden treasure. :)
5	I can only describe this place in one word. Awesome. Here are 3 reasons why you should stop reading the reviews and just go already. 1.) Interior: This restaurant is a small but very clean establishment with very fresh and easy on the eyes decor unlike many restaurants where they tend to have a very gaudy stereotypical interior. Its nice and clean with everything nicely organized. Another plus is that you can see your yummy food being made and keep an eye on its progress as you wait. No mystery food here!2.) Customer Service: As soon as you walk in you are greeted. I have been greeted by one of the owners everytime I have been here and they have always been super friendly. Everyone who works here is very diligent in making your experience here the very best it can be. If you are new there and you say you are. they will always give you a big "Welcome" and explain everything very clearly to you so there is no confusion in the menu.3.) Food: This is one the main reason why people go to restaurants. They go for delcious food. As much as I love the customer service and the interior, without the quality of the food I would not come here. Their menu may not be as expansive as some other restaurants,  however, they do what they do to a "T". All the spring rolls are made to order, the broth for the pho is always traditionally made, and the meat freshly cooked daily. They don't skimp on the quality of the food nor the effort. I have never gone home unsatisfied with anything on the menu. This restaurant is worth the time to visit. It is also worth every cent you pay for. If you want a delcious meal with awesome customer service at a clean establishment go forth and enjoy the treasures waiting for you there.
5	Recently relocated from Los Angeles and seeking the comfort of some Pho in our new town.  We were so very happy to find this gem! A great menu concept that keeps decision making very simple. My husband got the pho with chicken and I got the noodles with pork with a side order of egg rolls. All perfectly prepared, fresh and high quality ingredients. We will be back to try the Bahn mi which I expect will be equally as yummy! Like others have said, the husband and wife owners were beyond charming and attentive.  Tasty food with great service.... You can't go wrong!
5	A little gem in Chandler, AZ! One great mom and pop Vietnamese restaurant,  ready to delight you with their Pho, fresh rolls, sandwiches,  iced coffee (mmm... the best, eat your heart out, St____cks) and much more. I had Pho, which was very good,  another day I had a pork sandwich and their chicken (marinated in lemon grass) is to die for. The atmosphere is also delightful, both owners are in the premises, cooking and being very friendly with the customers. I love supporting mom and pop restaurants and this little gem needs support.
5	Awesome Vietnamese food! I never had Vietnamese food before. It was delicious! ! Great flavors and spectacular hospitality from the owner Richard. You have to try the Pho soup and Spring Rolls, Potstickers and Chicken sandwich. The Chicken sandwich was the bomb. It has marinated vinaigrette vegetables with chicken. The flavors of the chicken and vegetables are just so compatible with each other. There is a surprising crunch that will make your mouth water for more.
5	Well.......I really wanted to give this place a one star since I know the owner Richard......hahaha. My buddy did his place perfectly. He has me addicted to the beef Pho and pretty much everything else on the menu. Great hospitality and very good fresh food! A must try for everyone even if you never have tried Vietnamese food. Great flavors. The spring rolls, potstickers, chicken sandwich and Pho are amazing! We will be regulars here. He needs to expand his business to a bigger building soon since they are very popular.
5	Great food, great prices, great family restaurant!  Everything on the menu is delicious!
5	Great place for a quick and healthy lunch. I have had their spring rolls since that appears to be their specialty. They have all been delicious. The staff have been very friendly and efficient and the dining area is cosy for lunch with family or small group of friends or co-workers.
5	Great service and great food! I ordered the egg rolls and the beef pho and the broth for the pho was probably the best I've ever had, hands down. The food tasted so fresh and it's nice knowing they don't use MSG. The staff was genuinely friendly and attentive to their customers. I will definitely be back!
5	Love this place! It's a very small hole in the wall next to the donut place, but it's always clean and the owners are incredibly friendly. I was hesitant on my first visit because I've never been to a pho restaurant that only gives two options (chicken or beef), but based on the reviews I decided to take a chance. I personally love the beef pho, the summer roll, and the iced coffee. My only complaint is that this place isn't closer to me!
5	The Spring Roll Factory is about five minutes from my house which is proving to be a big problem. I say that it's a problem because their food is so delicious and far too assessable . I have not tried the pho yet only because the temperatures outside are too hot but their Banh Mi sandwiches are spectacular! The bread is perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, the bread to filling ratio is spot on. Ive had other Banh Mi sandwiches and there is always too much bread and not enough delicious vegetables.  Do yourself a favor and stop into the Spring roll Factory and support local business! Tip- ask for extra veggies :)
5	Traditinoal
5	Spring roll factory is the first fast casual Vietnamese Restaurant I've been to in Arizona. The concept reminds me of Chipotle. Their menu is very small and a lot of the same ingredients can be made in different ways depending on your preference: spring roll, rice bowl, sandwich, or noodle bowl. The concept is nice especially if you're in the mood for something fresh, quick and easy without being overwhelmed with too many choices. The food is also very good. I've had the pork sandwich, the fish spring rolls and the mussels. Everything is made to order. All of the dishes I've tried so far have been great, but my favorite item on the menu has to be the Iced Coffee. In my opinion, it's just as good, if not better than Lee's iced coffee. As if the food and coffee weren't enough, the owners of this restaurant are so kind and welcoming. You won't regret giving them your business.
5	The food is amazing! So so delicious. Low prices and great customer service. We found our new favorite Vietnamese restaurant. Family owned.
5	Family-owned, delicious and the owner took the time to explain how he makes the broth from scratch daily (no MSG,  no shortcuts with bouillion, etc.). Pot stickers, summer rolls, beef pho, and iced coffee are excellent.
5	The food was really good. We had the Pho and egg rolls. Customer service was excellent. Since it was our first time there she went over the menu with us and check-in with us during our meal. I will definitely being going back!!
5	My family and I loved our food.  We all tried a variety of food on menu.  Excellent!  First time we tried Vietnamese food.  Service was great!  The lady came out to serve us and explained how things were cooked and how to eat it;  food was awesome!!  We will definitely be back for more!  Thank you :-)
3	Food was pretty decent but service was way too slow (-1 star). Price is slight high for the portion size (-1 star).
3	I have been to many pho restaurants. The pho soup here is average ($7+) and the spring roll are over priced ($5+ for three small ones). I will probably give it 4 stars if the food are more in line with the price but it isn't!
5	We just got two orders if spring rolls, but they were absolutely delicious! !! :) The family that runs the restaurant is super nice, too.
5	Great chicken pho! The place is super small inside but the food is of excellent quality. Staff is SUPER nice. You can really tell when a restaurant really cares about their customers. This place really WOWED me. Definitely recommend this place. Even if it's just for the great service. :-)
5	Came in here for lunch excited to try their Bahn Mi (grilled pork) sandwich. It did not disappoint! Very fresh and amazing flavor combinations! Filling and tasty, but without being pricy.  The woman who took our order was very friendly and clearly knows her regulars. We will definitely become familar faces there!
5	Saw this place on yelp and me being a big fan of Asian food had to check it out and it did not disappoint. I had the spring rolls of course how could you not at a spring roll factory! I had 2 pork and one chicken with the sweet peanut sauce and they were amazing I will definitely be back to try their shrimp and pork roll as well as l their summer roll
4	The food here is excellent. They also have a unique dish which includes the ingredients from the pho soup into sandwich with crusty bread that you dip in the pho broth. This place is family owned and very friendly.
5	Every single time I go to The Spring roll Factory I wonder if it's what I'm truly craving. And every time I leave I satisfied beyond expectation. The pork sandwich, the spring rolls, the chicken wings; all are fantastic. I have never tried the Pho, but once I do, I am positive it will blow me away. The service especially keeps me coming back. Very friendly and patient with my horrible pronunciation and multiple questions. Try this place out! You won't be disappointed!
5	Mom and pop's family restaurant.  It's been opened for about a year.  Clean and very friendly service.  They have a simple Vietnamese food menu, but still offers a taste of everything (pho, rice dishes, spring rolls, sandwiches, coffee and more). I would highly recommend their mussels for appetizer.  Fresh ingredients.  Try it and you won't regret it!
5	I am always on the lookout for a new Pho location to try. So when I took note of this place while on a late evening run to WalMart I immediately opened my Yelp App to see what my fellow Yelpees had to say. The multiple star rating confirmed for me that I had to try this place. I stopped in with a friend on Friday, Oct.3, 2014, to give it a whirl. We were immediately greeted by a very pleasant and helpful young man. We both ordered the beef Pho and the Spring Roll with grilled pork. The man assisting us suggested that I try the Factory Iced Coffee. Although it was mid day and my coffee needs had already been met. I took him up on his offer.The food was absolutely delicious. The Pho was full of flavor and probably one of the best broths I have had here in AZ. The spring roll was fresh and tasty and the coffee was phenomenal. I was very impressed and pleased with my decision to stop in and give them a try. I will definitely return again in the very near future. Maybe I'll go today...
5	The pho is great the sandwiches are awesome and the egg rolls are perfect. All fresh ingredients. And great customer service. I will surely drive across the valley many times over for this place.
4	Spring Roll Factory offers freshly rolled to order spring rolls, which seems like a rarity these days.  We went with the Factory Roll (pork and shrimp).  Very tasty and very fresh.  We also tried the Pho Tai and the Bun (noodle plate with chicken), which were both excellent.  The menu is small and they don't offer many options (such as egg noodles).  Our son is picky and he got an order of steamed rice for $1.  The dining area is small but seemed clean and the owner was very friendly and helpful. We'll definitely be back when we're in the area.
5	The owner was there and greeted us very warmly. I was able to order quickly and sit down, she came to our table and invited my daughter to play with her daughter when she was finished eating. Our food came quickly. It was fresh and delicious. I mentioned wanting more jalapenos and instead she provided me with chopped home-grown Thai chilis, incredible!! Most places suck at providing the kind of heat I desire. I would definately go back!
5	Second time trying pho and this has to be the best place for spring rolls and  pho. Only downside is the amount of Pho broth you can order is chicken or beef but the chicken definitely went well with the shrimp.Unlike the first pho I had I actually wanted to finish the entire broth! The guy who was taking our order was very nice and also very helpful. We are definitely coming back for more pho and spring rolls. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is a pho fanatic or someone who wants to try pho. I've driven by the place numerous times and had never known that this hidden gem existed.
5	Best Pho Ga and Banh Mi that I have had in Arizona.  I discovered this lace on 10/17 and had to go back today 10/20. Both times greeted with warmly and sincerely. The baguette was perfection  for the Banh Mi. My new favorite lunch spot!!!!
5	We went to SRF today for lunch and were not disappointed. The high expectations set by the Yelp reviews were right on and the food was excellent!  Friendly service, fresh ingredients and you can see everything prepared while you wait.  We tried the Factory Rolls and the Beef Noodle version of Pho - both were fantastic.  As other reviewers said the quality of the broth was wonderful and the portions were generous.  Highly recommend!
5	Spring rolls are amazing, pho is delicious, and the service is great. The only thing I didn't care for were the meatballs, but that's just me. I'll definitely be back.
1	If I could give it negative stars, I would. This place serves authentic  Vietnamese food as good as Taco Bell serves authentic Mexican food. We ordered: mussels as appetizer, came out after our entrees; rice plate with pork, tasted old and lack of seasonings (we didn't mean to salt it up, but season the meat with Vietnamese seasonings); pork sandwich, the pork tasted old and oily (the way some restaurants think that if they reheated the old meat with oil then by this miraculous method the meat would taste juicy, again, but sadly, no); lastly, small bowl of Ph-broth, tasted worst than the Ph seasoning pack that come in a Ph soup package.We are Vietnamese-American and eating the food here was an insult to our taste-bud. Sadly, we have to to tell our families and friends, to cross another so-called Vietnamese restaurant off our list.
5	My new favorite restaurant! Great Pho beef, amazing spring rolls, and the environment is friendly and inviting. I'll visit here every week!
4	I really like this place for lunch as they are much quicker than traditional Vietnamese restaurants where you have to wait to be seated. I've been here three other times and the taste has been consistent with the Beef Pho, shrimp spring rolls, and the egg rolls. It's around work so this place is on my lunch rotation.
1	Wow. That's all I have to say. Wow. A waste of money. Customer service was non existent. We asked the lady where the sauces were, and she just pointed us to the back of the restaurant without saying a word. When we left, no one said goodbye, or even "come again". Ordered two "regular" beef pho bowls and an order of egg rolls. I'll start with the egg rolls. The egg rolls were okay, they tasted like frozen, finished product. They gave us a thai chili sauce for the egg rolls, which made me question authenticity a bit. At most, if not all Vietnamese places, they give you a fish paste for the egg rolls. We got Thai chili sauce.The noodles were horrifc. $7.29 for a "regular" size. There were four half cuts of meatball, and about two small slices of actual beef. The rest was just fat. Stomach fat. I kept picking the fat out of the bowls. It was disgusting. Soup made me very thirsty afterwards, had to go out and buy extra water. There are much, much better Vietnamese places around. Saigon, for example. I would advise against this place.
2	Not bad, not great. Really nice people work here, service was super quick. Portions were small, the taste of the rolls weren't that out of the world. Normal. Not worth the price, though.
5	Best chicken pho! I'll definitely be coming back for more. Cute, clean and reasonably priced place.
5	The menu is small but it's all good fresh with excellent quality. The owners are there and are very friendly. The pho is the best I have taste. This is a must stop
5	this is the cutest hole-in-the-wall pho restaurant that I've been to! it's so adorable and the service is great! food is amazing!
4	The place was busy, but not overly crowded. The food was pretty tasty, but not the best I've had. We tried the plantain chips and salsa, meatball appetizer, and I had the bison burger w/ fries very good.The service was definitely friendly, but not very fast. Dinner took 2 hours time.. but we weren't in a hurry. I don't know that they could have handled us if we were rushed. You know what they say, good food takes time.
5	Two words....spring rolls!  I've tried them and they are absolutely delicious.  I get the order of three for dinner and it's perfect.  You won't be disappointed.
4	This place is pretty dang good. Fresh ingredients and extremely flavorful. We had the shrimp spring rolls, veggie egg rolls, and chicken pho. It did not disappoint! We will definitely be back for another round...next time, I try the coffee everyone is raving about!
4	Love their food, I always order the same thing. Summer Roll and a chicken Banh Mi sandwich. They serve the summer roll with a sensational peanut sauce. Tastes great with the rolls and the chicken sandwich. My only complaint is the older gentleman who usually cashiers and answers the phone. Not sure what his name is. He's friendly, but pushy. When I place take out orders he always says "oh that's not enough, you need _____".  I don't like being pushed to order more than I'm already ordering. It's just annoying.
