3	This is one odd little neighborhood diner. I'm not generally a fan of la belle province. I find their food to be slightly below average your typical diner food, and their prices tend to be relatively expensive. Fortunately, it doesn't seem to be very standardized between La Belle Province restaurants.I lived next to this little resto-bar for close to a year, and only recently (4 years later) came back for another meal and wrote this review. The restaurant has a small diner area up front, with 3 "banquettes" and a counter area with several bar stools. As you enter, you're faced with a large beer fridge and a wall covered with sheets of paper describing the various combo meals available. You order at the counter, pay, sit down and a waitress brings your food to you. Late on a random Sunday evening, we ordered the 2 hot-dog + Poutine meal, which after taxes and tip ended up being close to $10. Not too bad. The hotdogs were streams and had mustard, relish and sauerkraut. Perfect. The poutine was decent. Some of the fries weren't fully cooked, and the cheese weren't super fresh. You could tell it had been put in the fridge, which takes the squeakiness and the oiliness away. The sauce was your typical poutine-mix gravy. Nothing special. There might have been even a little too much of it, and it ended up being quite the mess at the bottom of it.The restaurant also doubles as a bar. You can have a beer for $3.25 (Dec 2009 visit) as you eat, or you can go in the tiny bar area at the bank and mingle with the bilingual crowd who watches football on a couple small TVs.Not a bad place, not stellar either. If you're in the area and are looking for a quick bite/drink on a late Sunday night (when most is closed in Verdun), Resto-Bar La Belle Province in Verdun should do the trick.
4	This is NOT a part of the Quebec chain of "La Belle Province" fast-food restaurants - apparently it's not possible to trademark "The Beautiful Province" in Quebec, which means ANY restaurant can be called that. It's still a fast-food restaurant, but definitely a step up from the chain.The burgers are tasty, and the poutine is really good - the gravy is not too runny, it's got lots of flavour, and the cheese curds are fresh. I haven't tried the chicken burger, but girlfriend wasn't a huge fan of it - so I'm sticking to the beef burgers.I've also been for breakfast too (on the weekends), and it's a solid. Typical Quebec breakfast of eggs, fruit, (really good) home fries, beans, and toast (and cheap for the portions you get). This is place is my go-to for hangover days, 'cause it's cheap and good. If you're in the area and need a fast feed, then I would recommend you go here.
