2	There are better places in Montreal to shop for clothes, low prices but also low quality and not exactly a wide variety of items, and customer service...humm, I had never seen so lazy people working at a store, last week I went to buy some items and ended up leaving them at the store because there was no way to pay, one register was closed, the other was manned by a woman who didnt know how to operate it, and the third was busy with a finicky customer...
3	Nice little shopping centre. I did find it pretty quiet and nothing that special to look at. I can see how it would be great in the winter since you don't really have to go outdoors for anything. Maybe I am just a dumb tourist, but all of the shopping centres seemed to blend into one another, there was nothing to really distinguish them as separate buildings, in my opinion.
2	This place is a mess! It is loud and crowded and disorganized. Loud and crowded: alright, I understand that the underground city is a major tourist attraction and we were there on a Saturday afternoon, but holy crap! There were more people in the mall than anywhere else in the city. All that body heat warmed up the  halls, which might be great in winter, but was super miserable on an August afternoon. Still, if it's more even more popular in winter, I can't imagine having a good time squeezing in there with so many other people.Disorganized: the directory was confusing. Where's that Benetton's that's supposed to be on the third floor? Oh it's out of business. The Gap is on two floors but only listed on one, and the storefront says Gap Kids, even though men's and women's sections were included. Also, of 50+ shops, less than ten sell men's attire, and half of those are accessory, underwear, or shoe stores. There's no electronics or games stores at all, so ladies, give your man an iPad if you make him come here with you. The stores themselves were messy as well. Bigger shops had crumpled merchandise strewn about and many had little identifiable logic to their layouts, at least to me.I wasn't too crazy about the selection either.  I think I've got an innate need to forage, because I love browsing the aisles, even at the grocery store. I could spend an hour reading vitamin bottles at CVS. So it actually amazed me that I didn't find the least interest in going into any of the shops here. And come on, this is Montreal, the capitol of French Canada. How is there no French Connection?
3	Complexe itself is ok, a photo op because of how it looks inside. But if you're visiting from out of town, there is no reason to visit here ie to shop. You can make Eaton Centre as your last stop of the "underground mall". If you do end up at the Complexe, go across the street to Five Guys to eat.
2	such a beautiful building with its high ceiling and so much potential being in the downtown center yet wasted away with the crapshoot that is les ailes de la mode (the store tucked away inside)the building houses some really good boutiques and the spacious entrance is made for some really awesome holidays display but the building is simply deserted most of the time. its a big shame really!imagine if macy's would buy the building and set shop, how awesome would be the holiday season? how magical would the building look? a guy can dream!instead, its a deserted building that people are ashamed of going in by the front entrance.. that pretty much sums up le complexe
