3	Grand Openings are not always grand.  I get it.  Staff is nervous.  Owners are stressed, etc.  Today was the opening of Buddy V's in the Venetian.  My fellow event planners and I wanted to escape the 3200 person conference we were working on and go somewhere without strobe lights and bass, so we came here.I will start with the good:  The decor here is great.  It takes up a corner spot on the Canal Shoppes level and you have a view of TI, the Trump and the strip.  It's rustic and familiar.  Red checkered napkins and rustic wood tables with interesting lighting fixtures.  My favorite was the children's artwork on the walls and the family photos everywhere (especially the dessert menu).The food was GREAT.  I had the Orechiette with Italian Sausage.  It was flavorful and satisfying.  It had a perfect balance of al dente pasta, savory sausage and broccoli and tomatoes.  I wasn't starving, but I ate ALL of it. My team had the spaghetti and meatballs, the Burratta Salad and the meatballs.  They ALL raved without exception.  If it only depended on food and decor, i would have been more generous with my rating.   However, for me, service trumps it ALL. The not so good:Service was odd.  We arrived for our noon reservation and the restaurant was probably 1/4 full.  There were PLENTY of open booths that would have accommodated us perfectly, but the hostess decided on putting us at a table in the back.  Once seated we waited a bit to be greeted by our server, but he eventually showed and took our order.  Once orders arrived, we all seemed to receive what belonged to someone else.  Then we had an unfortunate situation that involved our waiter spilling ice cold lemonade all over someone in our party.  It was a mistake and I felt terrible for him.  But the problem was he didn't seem prepared for the situation.  He remedied it as best he could by getting help, some towels and eventually a staff tshirt for our young group member (which lucky for him was not someone in an expensive business suit).  At the end of our lunch he announced his apologies and included that his manager was so sorry about the situation that he would be sending over a dessert for the table.  Now I don't know about you, but once I was at BJ's restaurant and there was a spill at our table that hit a few of our shoes and the manager raced over, paid for our dinner AND offered to pay for our shoes and dry cleaning!  and that was at a chain pizza place!  I'm going to take a wild guess and say that if someone spilled ice cold anything all over one of Buddy V's kids, he wouldn't be so keen on getting a hard puff pastry filled with custard as an apology.  While the spill was the waiter's mistake, management could have comped her lunch or at least her drink -- which he still charged us for!   Unfortuantely, this is what I will remember most about my time at Buddy V's.
5	Took my chic here last night for her birthday because she heard Buddy on 98.5 and asked if we could go, so off we went. I have been to the best places in Vegas and some are over hyped and some under hyped. I went into Buddy V's not really thinking anything was gonna be all that amazing but I was wrong on a few things.One, The mussels they have are the best mussels I have ever eaten in my life. The mussels were so good I ordered another order after dessert.Two, The surf and turf I ordered was cooked to perfection.Three, The XL Lobster dessert is probably one of the most amazing things on this planet.I love to watch new restaurants as they open just to see who really has their shit together and I think Buddy V's did a pretty good job on their opening. Staff was nervous and If I worked there I would be too. Not only is it opening day but the owner, owners business partners and the owners parents are all there. We were greeted by Adam Margolies who is the asst G.M. and it was really great to talk to a guy who is really into the property enough to where he had an answer for every question. I know to people reading this that may not seem like much but being from Vegas it is really hard to find knowledgeable people that know things even at the places were they work. We asked him how the XL lobster is made, where the cuts of beef were farmed from, if the scallops are flown in or driven, if the broccoli is organic, if the chocolate chips in the Gelato was made from scratch or store bought. We asked all these questions and he answered all of them with no hesitation. The decor is 10/10 for the type of restaurant it is and I think it will do well here in Las Vegas. I love eating at places that don't feel stuffy as I don't believe you should ever feel uncomfortable anywhere in Las Vegas.Welcome to Vegas Buddy V!! Your gonna do great here and we are glad you chose Vegas to serve. Gonna get more mussels now !
4	We went to Buddy V's on opening night. Our server was a little nervous but did a good job. Buddy and his family were in the restaurant and were very friendly. I had Caesar salad which featured freshly made croutons that were crunchy on the outside and creamy inside. For a main course I had the chicken parm it was nicely breaded still crunchy just enough sauce and small side of spaghetti. For dessert 3 of us shared the lobster tail and Nutella cake. The lobster tail pastry was a little tough but the filling was great the Nutella cake was amazing. The decor was very welcoming like grandmas house and whimsical with bakery influenced designs.
5	Came here 2 days after their grand opening with a party of 10 and everything was on point.  Place was busy, decor was really nice, but most of all the food was excellent.  Everything we ate came out at the right temperature and perfectly cooked.  Although there was one dish that we all completely loved (and know you would too)....YOU MUST HAVE THE OSSO BUCCO it was phenomenal!  Definitely coming back on my next visit to LV!
5	Great meal here last night. Salads were top notch, bacon Mac n Cheese excellent, and each of our three entrees was superb (the lasagna was exceptional). Not a ton of cutting edge dishes here; just classic Italian fare done right! The dessert menu is inventive and excellent- the hot Nutella cake is a winner!
5	Just went tonight with my husband for our anniversary. We were both nervous trying such a new restaurant but we were impressed. We had a great server, Daniel, who was very knowledgable about the wine and food. We bought a bottle of wine that turned out being amazing. My husband hadthe chicken Parmesan and I had the chicken rigatoni with vodka sauce. Everything was so good and the only thing we could say is it didn't taste like restaurant food, it tasted homemade. We also had to order the lobster tail. Even after a bottle of wine and our dinner it was so light and airy. Amazing. When Daniel found out it was our anniversary he brought out a plate of Italian cookies and bottle of sparkling dessert champagne. It was such a great experience all around and next time we come to Vegas we will be coming back to Buddy V's!
3	Service:  Wonderful.  For the first week of a new operation, the waitstaff was friendly, helpful and efficient.  The servers had issues figuring our who ordered what, but this was probably because we were four sitting at a booth that could seat six.  Extremely accommodating.Decor: Great views of the strip from the window booth. Nicely laid out with not too many tables and not too close together.  However, the cold air was blowing on us the entire time and I didn't go to Vegas for the cold weather.  Please fix this.Food: Turkey meatballs were wonderful.  Chicken Parm was chewy and probably overcooked.  We came for the desserts and were disappointed that there isn't a more traditional cake.  I realize you have to spice things up, but if you are going to have funky desserts, you should also have at least one boring chocolate cake.
4	Day two of the restaurant being open so all the staff were on their toes.  Tried the Buddy's Salumi & Cheese Board (olives, pickled vegetables, grilled Italian bread, genoa salami, spicy capicola, proscuitto di parma, grana padano, tuscan pecorino, and gorgonzola).  The capicola and proscuitto were the best I've ever had and the gorgonzola was epic - bleu cheese flavor with the texture of brie.  Cheeseburger at an Italian restaurant?  You bet because the Pat Lafrieda Burger (brioche bun, tomato aioli, provolone cheese, tuscan fries) was really tasty.  The tiramisu was the best I've had anywhere.Ask for a table bordering the outside perimeter windows for great views of The Strip.  Bring your camera to take pictures of the incredible entree cakes Buddy and his team made.
4	Looks very promising, but as someone in the biz, I would never review a restaurant util 90 days old. Good luck guys. Love the huge round ice cube in my Negroni.
4	Food was great! Our server, Chaz was spot on. The water and bread guys were always there. Oh and the decor is fabulous. Split your meal. The portions are way too big. We ate off our veal chop for 2 days once we brought it home.
5	Love the meatballs, veal Parmesan, lobster tail and warm Nutella chocolate cake
3	Stopped in for some dessert and an after dinner drink with a large group. I liked what I had but take issue with the fact that he has an Italian spot in Vegas. I mean, come on, you are known for a crappy TV show that has an emphasis on desserts and you "film" in Hoboken. I dont care if your grandmother cooked Italian...mine did too.This place features fo-talian food with a of Carabbas feel. Hmmmm, I wonder where you got the idea? In their defence though, their lobster tail pastry was delicious. Everything else was underwhelming. Will I be back? NO. Im tired of all these wannabe TV culinarians.
5	Dinner last night with 3 very close clients. Overall very good, excellent spin on Italian with references to Buddy V's heritage. We shared a variety of appetizers, the signature dried meats and cheese board was excellent. For entree's a couple of us opted for pasta, cooked perfectly, flavorful. We also shared a couple of desserts of which the Canoli was very creative and extraordinary. The Canoli is kind of deconstructed which makes it fun to eat. Overall highly recommended!
4	Wow! What a gorgeous, cozy restaurant with beautiful views of the Las Vegas Strip! I absolutely ADORED the decor, from the lighting fixtures to the brick walls displaying real photos of Buddy Valasco's family, to the STUNNING open-air kitchen!! I just felt HAPPY being in engulfed in the ambiance of this restaurant! The staff was so friendly and the food was classic, comfort and delicious. (don't miss that salumi/cheese board! YUMMMMMM)This will be the next place that I plan a big get-together because it is PERFECT for large parties. Can't say it enough... I LOVE it!!!!!!
5	Everything is good, from their savory butter garlic bread to their Octopus salad to their non-rich but so damn good four layers tall tiramisu! The atmosphere is pretty darn special too (giving you a warm holiday feeling)!
3	I love Cake Boss & Buddy so we went to his restaurant on our recent trip to Vegas. We were a group of 5 vegetarians. We ordered a couple antipastos & pastas. The service was good but the food was ok. Nothing was spectacular. We went with high expectations but were not impressed at all. For dessert we ordered Lisa's Nutella cake which was good. I will add that I liked the decor of the restaurant but that won't bring us back.
5	We went to Buddy V's on our last night in Vegas recently and had a great meal and terrific service.  Our server was Melissa - she was right on with her recommendations and clarifying portion sizes (we were trying to avoid leftovers).  The two team members working with her (unfortunately, I didn't get their names) were also very attentive and friendly.  We had the calamari appetizer and Sunday Gravy entree and both were outstanding.  Certainly enough for two to share and leave a little room for desert.  The Tiramisu has a great chocolate cake layer in the bottom which was a great surprise and very good.  We'll definitely go back.
5	While in Vegas, I decided to visit TV celebrity chef's restaurant, Gordon Ramsay, Bobby Flay and Emeril Lugasse etc. I also visited Buddy V's, I went back to Buddy V's  4 times that week. Food is exceptional, and so is the service and staff! Couldn't ask for a better eating experience!
2	Where to start...Location is awkward (end of a mostly deserted hallway) and was certainly of no help to former occupant FIRST Food and Bar.Ambiance inside the restaurant itself is quite nice, although tables thrown in the hallway seem strange.  Outdoor seating is laughable and ill-conceived.  It's essentially at the top of an escalator leading up from Walgreens/down to the Strip so plenty of foot traffic will get to check-out your food.  The outdoor view is obstructed by a wall.  This area was never intended for restaurant seating and has emerged as a hot spot for Grand Canal Shoppes' employees to congregate and smoke.  Enjoy!Service is slow and uninterested, perhaps even worse than FIRST.  Maybe the same staff?  A friend of mine said he and his date waited 15 minutes at an empty bar to be acknowledged, let alone served.  He was so aggravated they left without eating.  He's a bartender in the Venetian and understands the importance of timely service.  My experience wasn't much better.My food was bland, we're talking CPK bland.  A penne dish was swimming in flavorless oil and assorted vegetables that looked to be left-over from some other dish and the chicken parm was just as bland.  Skipped dessert which was probably my mistake given that's the namesake's claim to fame.  Speaking of, who thought naming an Italian restaurant after a well-known PASTRY chef was a good idea?I've already spent too much energy on this place.  Maybe it will improve and it seems others have had better experiences, but I won't give it a second go.
4	They are 3 weeks in and amazing. I went in the morning because I knew it wouldn't be busy. We were seated at a booth and got really good service from the staff, there's also free wifi, which helped me Yelp about this place! I ordered the chicken parm, caprese salad, and my parents ordered the meatball sub. The chicken parm & meatball sub was just alright...but the rest was delicious. For dessert, the famous XL lobster tail and tiramisu--both were to die for. In general, the salads and buddy's favorite are good. Cocktails are not that great, I say pass on them! Do not order anything more expensive than 20 dollars! Look above for recommended items! Honestly the food is just okay, it's good but not great! The staff was really responsive, they talked to us all the time, it was a good customer service experience.!
4	The food was great. Had the chicken a la Vodka, Panzanella, bruschetta, carbonara Mac n cheese, and a lobster tail to finish things off. Food wasn't really bland as a prior review said. The apps needed a little salt, but all else was good. Service was great and not slow as mentioned in other reviews. Prices are reasonable and portions aren't gargantuan so you have some room for desert. Very neat place and I'd go again for sure. The wife liked it as well. I'd give it 4 1/2 stars if it was an option.
5	I've dined at Buddy V's twice now and both times it's been consistently good for both food and service. My husband had the meatball sub once for lunch which was the best we've ever had and the other time he had the bone in veal parm chop which was bigger than the size of your head! The octopus and tuna caponata are also delicious and the polenta croutons on the Caesar Salad are delicious! I've never seen polenta croutons in all the Italian restaurants I've dined in. Very creative!Dessert is also a must, I mean it is the Cake Boss' restaurant. The lobster tail is light and crispy and the tiramisu is soooo good with the chocolate cake on the bottom. A trip to Buddy V's is definitely a must and the food was so much better than what I had at Carnevino at a fraction of the cost!
4	Bone in parm chop baby - that's where Vegas life starts to get really good.Had dinner with a group of friends last Vegas trip - I was impressed! Solid classic Italian. Very good food - prices aren't bad for the Strip.Dessert - I have been avoiding them lately but the Lobster Tail Thingy (really, I think that's what it's called) was awesome.  No lobster in it (not a bad thing) just simple, buttery shreds of puff pastry filled with a slightly sweetened pastry cream.  Simple, but very good.  Totally rocked in fact!
5	I love a home style Italian meal. The food at buddy v's is simply perfection in this catagory. We had a special birthday lunch here. What can I say, service was oecable. Our waiter t.j. Was highly versed on the options we had a couple if starters the fried mozzarella left us speachlesd, and the calimari was a great compliment. The best part was their adaption if chop salad for a lunch salad it was huge! Save room for dessert, we had the famous lobster roll and the most Devine Italian rum cake served in a miniature cake stand complete with candles for the birthday girl! We can hardly wait for the bakery to open trust we will be the first in line! Yes this will be someplace to come again and again - oh I almost forgot auto pilot parking if you love valet pull in hop out and a quick elevator ride and you are there! This is a winner! Hands down.
3	Great service! Cool bar with nice views of strip. A little bit of a walk to find the place. But once you do find the place it's very inviting. Chicken parmesan was good. Linguine clams was delicious and had enough to fill you up with a little bit of spice The deserts are AMAZING!!! The apple and the lobster things whatever you call them they were soooo good!!!
4	Mamma Mia!!! Wow!!! Way to go Buddy Valastro! This feels like a classic Italian home the second you walk in. Family photos of the Valastro family, hodgepodge furniture, comfy sofas and chairs...only thing missing is the vinyl and plastic covers, but honestly who misses them? Teaming up with Kim Canteenwalla & Elizabeth Blau, who have created beautiful restaurants here in Vegas (Society Cafe + Honey Salt), the trio came together to make the Cake Bosses culinary debut a real knockout, start to finish. I went with my Italian buddy to try it out and we were really impressed (to say the least)! Straight forward and diverse food menu, doesn't overwhelm; drink menu follows the pattern of the food menu with good wine choices by the glass.I chose the agnolotti which was seasoned perfectly and was in season with the sage brown butter sauce. My buddy went to spaghetti central with a rigatoni and meatball bowl and he couldn't hold back the tears knowing the impending rejection his mother would give him after finding a better meatball. The meatballs came really really really close to beating my Italian grandmother's secret recipe, but that leads to a lifetime of questions and heartache on my nonna. So, its easier to say that grams are better and avoid the remaining years of rejection by telling her a little white lie.Dessert was the highlight (as expected) as my Tiramisu was not only flavorful but semi deconstructed as the lady fingers were on the side that you could dip into the cake and creme combo. My friend's salted caramel ice cream came loaded with bits of dark chocolate and an awesome biscotti.If the restaurant wasn't in the Venetian/Palazzo's Grand Canal Shoppes: A) It would be way busier and the menu prices wouldn't be so high; and B) it wouldn't have awesome floor to ceiling windows facing the strip that make the space even more visually enjoyable.Mangia!
5	The service was totally awesome, our waiter Randy was very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine selection, and the buss boy Jamal was super attentive and very helpful. I didn't feel rushed, even though our order was complicated and had a few special requests. The food was the best Italian food I have had in a long time. We had 3 dishes with a range of steak, seafood, and pasta, and it was all amazing. I am very impressed with the whole experience, and I think Buddy V should be proud of this place. The management is obviously doing a great job here!
5	5 Stars for Food. 2 Stars for Service.The food was absolutely delicious!From the reviews I expected it to be really good but it was excellent. My husband who isn't a big "food" person, was actually quite giddy. I got a Caesar Salad and Chicken Parmesan. The Chicken Parmesan and the Spaghetti it came with, was the best I have ever had. My husband had the Panzanella Salad and Orecchiette Pasta. He said both were amazing. We also shared the Warm Nutella Cake. It was magical. I could tell that they took great pride in the way the food was made.The service was really spotty. Maybe it's because they just opened. But the food was so good it all worked out.
3	Went there for a friends birthday last night. Atmosphere is really comfortable and welcoming. Good crowd and energy. The food 100% delivered. My challenge was with the service. They're new so I'm sure they're working out kinks. But the waiter was so spotty - wouldn't see him for 15-20 minutes at a time. Forgot requests, didnt bring any pens for the checks. Overall great experience and ill be back.
4	We came for dinner before seeing Human Nature.  I didn't watch the Cake Boss show but I knew about it and wanted to try the restaurant.  We were early and they were still serving lunch so we ordered an appetizer so we could order off the dinner menu.We got an order of Nina's mozzarella en carozza.  It was like having a toasted cheese sandwich with mozzarella cheese with some tasty marinara.  It was very good.  We shared the order and each had two wedges.For our mains, my wife ordered  Nonna's lasagna.  It came with beef, pork, sausage, and four kinds of cheese and it was huge.  We could have split this between the two of us had we known how large it would be.  It probably weighed a pound at the very least and it was very good.  We brought 2/3 of it home and have it frozen for a meal for the two of us.I got the Sunday Gravy.  How could I not go with his signature dish.  It's meatballs, sausage, lamb, and pork simmered in a Sunday gravy and served with a bowl of rigatoni.  The rigatoni was a sensible serving size, but when you added all the meat, this also was a dish that could have been shared.  This dish is worth the praise it gets from reviewers.  The Sunday gravy is excellent and the meat is so tender from the hours of cooking in the gravy!  Saving room for dessert, we opted to have part of this boxed also.For dessert, we wanted something small and went with our server's recommendation of the Nutella Cake, cake with a warm Nutella center, chocolate sauce, some praline crunch, and served with salted caramel ice cream.  It was delicious and perfect to share at the end of the meal.Our server, Graciela, was a gem.  She was around often to check on us.  The bus people refilled iced tea glasses quickly,  Service was very good!  The only drawback was the large Palazzo sign along the Boulevard which was at the level of the windows and was extraordinarily bright.  They have a shade which was partially lowered but it should have been lowered more or we should have changed our seating position at the table so our backs were toward the sign.A very pleasant evening in a really good restaurant!
5	!!!So good I tipped the Chef responsible for my Chicken Parm plate $20!!! It was the best spaghetti I've had. Not the typical American style spaghetti swimming in sauce. It was true Italian full flavored perfection. Service was very good and attentive as well.
4	The smashed meatball sub was amazing and the rosemary seasoning on the fries was delicious. Loved the vibe in there too! I noticed that our server gave the table beside us different attention. He asked them if they had been there before and when they replied no, he gave them an intro speech of sorts, describing who Buddy is and how the restaurant came about. I was a little disappointed that he didn't bother sharing that with us. I'd suggest that it was because  we looked like tourists, but you know...they ARE located on the strip!I will definitely go back for dessert. They looked phenomenal.
2	Just returned from Vegas. Had reservations for 5pm before seeing Rock Of Ages Show.  Went personally at noon to confirm reservations, as the two ladies in our party of four were celebrating birthdays, and wanted to make sure we would get window seats.  The original reservations were made at the same time room reservations were made by the pallazo hotel.  We were told we would be given window seats. Well the hostess said she could not guarantee, but made a note of the request as well as the birthday celebration.We arrived at 4:45pm fifteen minutes early, and found an almost empty restaurant.  As luck would have it, the original hostess was there.  She said she would be able to seat us "near" a window table.  I laughed and said, well it looks as though you have lots of tables.....her comment was to go sit in the lounge "bar" area until our reservation time.  Trying to sell drinks I suppose.  We sat there , not ordering drinks, and she started to seat us away from the window....again I reminded her, and miraculously she found a table.. It dawned on me later (after my wife explained) she was fishing for a tip to "find a table"Anyway, we ordered.   The Lasagna came, large portion, lots of cheese and meat, little skimpy on the sauce.  Wife had Chicken Parmesan which was overcooked and little sauce.  The other couples order consisted of a new York steak which she raved about, but her husband had steak and lobster, and said the steak he had was tough, but the lobster was good.  Table service was good, lots of flat bread, water refills.Oh....if you happen to like a nice fruity White Zinfandel (the fastest growing wine category in the US) you will not get it there.. They don't carry one,  I know some restaurants are a bit snobbish because its a "blend"  So regarding the birthdays?  Well most restaurants will make an effort to do something to acknowledge a celebration.... Desert came and went, nothing...Anyway, I know they have not been open for very long.  Our waiter was good, food runners ok...The Floor manager spent his time looking from a distance, but made no contact with the customers.  Place looks nice, food ok, price ok....but Buddy......you need to instill a little passion in your place...Your gonna have to step it up to compete with the upscale establisments located in the same building.
5	Holy crap! Coming from a "enlarged family" through a recent wedding, I am part of an Italian family and we eat a lot of italian food. We were on a Girls Trip to Vegas, each celebrating something different but together and wanted to dress up for a ladies night out. We were able to get a reservation same day, the wait was so short once we got there and we were able to get some great group shots thanks to some other guests. We got an amazing window booth that over looked the strip and could see the gondolas below - it was not too loud and had a great vibe. Our waiter Chaz - was amazing! Quick and efficient, he recommended his favorites and we took his advice - food was perfect and portions were definitely Italian Style!Share plates so you can try a little of everything! and still have room for Buddy V's award winning desserts.
4	This was the first of three lunch dates that the No1DP and I had over our last Vegas stay. While doing research on potential restaurant dates I heard about this restaurant opening recently next to the area where the Venetian turns into the Palazzo. Buddy V's is the interpretation of classical, comfort Italian food of Buddy Valastro, the guy from Cake Boss. Located just inside the entrance to the Palazzo shops, there is indoor and "outdoor" seating, a prime location for people-watching.The service was rather top-notch for a casual restaurant and what I would normally expect for fine dining. Bussers would ask to serve the last of a dish before taking it away as well as push your chair and make your napkin while you are away. I noticed that the busser's voice seemed a little nervous... maybe it was his first time working here? Still did a good job.Wine we had was a typical low-oak Chardonnay, which brings out more of the natural flavors of the grape - a similar profile to Sauvingon Blanc. I have to thank the No1DP for this because it was him that I can start finally appreciating Chardonnay, a varietal I've disliked because of its normally oaky profile.I had just arrived from SD a couple hours ago, and wanting a "light" lunch to start our vacation, we chose to do lunch "tapas"-style with the following entrees:Garlic Bread ($9): melted mozzarella & fontina. Garlic bread was crispy. You could see the cheese melt into the bread but the cheese did not soak the bread too much, leaving the bread crispy. The slices were big and a slice and a half would be enough for me as an appetizer. They also were good with the tomato sauce from the meatballs. Grandma's Meatballs ($13): beef, veal & pork, tomato ragu, pecorino. Meatballs were big and juicy, but something seems missing when I just eat meatballs by itself. This seems like it would go better with a pasta dish.Buddy's Caprese ($16): jersey beefsteak tomatoes, burrata, charred green beans, balsamic. I judge a caprese based on 2 ingredients, the tomatoes and cheese. Cheese was laid out like a poached egg and had a texture of one but the cheese literally just seeps inside your mouth. Tomatoes were plump and juicy. The olive oil/balsamic vinegar combination was not too heavy. Green beans were crispy and the greens were not too heavy as to let the flavors of the cheese and tomatoes shine through.As we were both full and the No1DP had to go back to a workshop we didn't have room or time for dessert, otherwise I would have loved to try a dessert from the guy who is the star of CAKE BOSS.Should I be around the Grand Canal Shoppes area again I would definitely like to check out their dinner menu as I hear the dinners and desserts are what makes this restaurant stand out from the others.
5	I didn't know until just this moment that we were there only the second week they were open.  We had no idea this was there, but were at the Venetian and followed our noses.  Service was excellent, attentive, but not invasive.  We weren't that hungry, but proceeded to order the octopus appetizer which was great.  The octopus was cooked perfectly.  My husband ordered the (I think it was called the Sunday gravy or something).  It was a pot with red sauce, sausage, veal, and meatballs.  He said it was very good.  I ordered the eggplant parmesan appetizer and the creamy polenta side.  I was too full to finish it, but it was delicious.  The eggplant had a wonderfully crisp coating and was not mushy at all.  The polenta was creamy and wonderful.I also had a frozen Bellini that was yummy.  We are talking about going back to Vegas just to eat there again!
4	I had the chicken parm which was good. My husband had the scallops and they were delicious!  Not to heavy, just right portions. The garlic cheese bread was very good. The service was great!
1	Poor service, small portions, and the red sauce they use was wayyy too salty. Prices are in the higher range. The bread  was good. That's about all that was... Basically your just paying for the name. Never going back.
4	The food was pretty good! Their birthday cake was totally awesome. The busboy Victor M was more helpful than our waiter! The hostesses are rude, nasty & lazy! They were so busy talking about what they were going to do that night that they actually got upset with the people in my party for interrupting their plan making! Put these girls in the kitchen to wash dishes where they belong! Get some one better out front please!
2	Pass...  We love Cake Boss, so this place was a no brainer, despite bad reviews on Trip Advisor and some here.  The service was wholly underwhelming, except for the thin older gentlemen who filled our water and brought us bread, he was the only good part of the evening!!!!  The server was courteous but rushed she paid us little attention and it took forever to place an order, to get a dessert menu, and get the bill.  We definitely did not feel like Famiglia:(  Sorry, Buddy, this place needs LOTS of customer service training.Food: Meh, the lasagne was forgettable, my wife liked the Sunday Gravy OK...  Portions were HUGE, Italian Birthday cake was AMAZING!!!
4	There food was delicious! There sauce was soooo good, but the the portion sizes are extremely small, very pricey for the size but other than that this place is perfect, great atmosphere, great food, what more could you want.
3	Plainly speaking, this restaurant looks nice, the food is fairly good and the service is above par, but you pay a very high price for eating here.So, if you are okay with or need to impress someone by spending about double what you would normally pay for a good, but rather run-of-the-mill and somewhat small portioned Italian meal, then you will likely be satisfied with your experience here.Otherwise, you'll probably feel like what I felt afterwards. No longer hungry, but not particularly impressed.We had the panzanella, turkey dinner, linguine and clams, cannolis and apple crostata. The panzanella was good, but we wished there was more than the four small slices of cheese on it. The turkey dinner was good. Was it $24 good? Not so sure. The linguine and clams was somewhat overpowering with the spices. Is linguine and clams supposed to make you sweat? Apple crostata was pretty darn tasty. Easily the highlight of our meal. The cannolis? Seeing as how the cannolis are seemingly a signature type thing, you'd think they would wow. They didn't wow us. They're good cannolis for a Hoboken bakery. But for a $$$ restaurant in the Venetian? For $$$ it needs to be BETTER than "home cooking".
4	Items selected:FocacciaMargherita PizzaAUNT NINA'S MOZZARELLA EN CAROZZA - Jersey City style fried mozzarella, crostini, tomato ragu, genovese pestoMACARONI & CHEESE CARBONARA - smoked mozzarella, fontina, egg, pancetta, sweet peasNONNA'S LASAGNA AL FORNO - Italian sausage, beef and pork, ricotta, mozzarella, provolone, parmesanVALASTRO SUNDAY GRAVY (Buddy's family recipe) - meatballs, sausage, lamb, pork, bowl of rigatoniPARMESAN POLENTA - PeperonataCHICKEN PARM - oven-baked, provolone, mozzarella, spaghetti marinaraITALIAN BIRTHDAY CAKE - rum soaked sponge cake, cannoli filling chocolate pastry cream, toasted almondsLISA'S WARM NUTELLA CAKE - chocolate sauce, hazelnut praline crunch, salted caramel ice creamCANNOLI - cinnamon pastry, sweet ricotta cream cocoa drops, pistachiosBUDDY'S XL LOBSTER TAIL - custard cream, flaky pastry shell, seasonal fresh fruitEspresso on IceNo stranger to making dining recommendations for friends both novice and gourmand it was admittedly with some reservation that I suggested Buddy V's to three Phoenix based friends during their visit to Sin City yet having never seen a single episode of Cake Boss and thus entering the restaurant with neither preconception nor bias aside from a personal love for red-sauce Italian and traditional pastry I can honestly say I came away impressed - the food, service, and restaurant itself all an "experience" fully fitting the swanky Las Vegas Strip locale.  Completely revamped and redesigned from "First Food" with clever flourishes befitting the Chef's roots throughout it was with the space fully reserved and full of energy that we arrived and after a brief wait in the bar a banquet built for six would serves as our seats for the next three hours - time that seemed to fly by under the care of a professional captain working alongside an enthusiastic back-server named Patrick, both who provided stellar recommendations pertaining to both the menu and local dining in general from start to end.  Speaking next to the food and beginning first with appetizers including a crisp, flatbread pizza with a touch of char and excellent acidity beneath the smooth mozzarella it was actually that the carbonara stole the show amongst the small plates as the tender noodles provided a toothsome backdrop to smoky smoothness while peas and pancetta added a one-two punch of sweet and savory reigning the dish back from being 'too rich' or one-dimensional in the least.  Continually tempted by the excellent focaccia it was not long after the appetizers had been cleared that main courses arrived and selecting largely based on Italian-American classics the trio that arrived along with a rich bowl of perfectly sticky polenta was anything but subtle, the enormous portions and big flavors all the result of family recipes and excellent ingredients - the Lasagna one of the best I've ever had while the chicken parm and Sunday gravy were relatively standard fare save for the gamey and supple slow cooked lamb, every bit of which was enjoyed with focaccia dipped in the sauce as the rigatoni was a bit past al dente for my tastes.  Moving last to desserts, a quartet ordered even as my fellow diners were throwing in the towel, suffice it to say that amongst my few steadfast dining rules is that I never leave a good dessert on the table...and when we walked out those plates were empty, the lightly boozy rum cake alone worth the price of entry and more than enough to get me excited for the opening of Carlo's Bakery in 2014.
4	After spending most of the day in the sportsbook, I was ready to chow down and my belly was craving some Italian food. Upon check in at the Palazzo, my wife and I were handed a coupon book to select restaurants, bars, etc. inside of the Venetian and Palazzo. This included a coupon for Buddy V.'s. So we decided give this place a shot when we saw that this place had opened recently and had received four stars on Yelp. We started off on the light side of things with a Caesar salad. There was nothing particularly great about this salad except for the croutons. I'm not really a crouton fan because they tend to be too bland, salty and/or crunchy.  Normally I would pass over them completely. After my wife urged me multiple times and after I had refused multiple times, I saw my wife's fork with a crouton on the end of it right smack in front of my mouth. I succumbed to peer pressure and tasted what was probably one of the best croutons ever. The crouton had a crunchy exterior and then evolved to a smooth and creamy interior with a terrific garlic flavor inside. It was so delicious that I had to fight my wife for the rest.  Looking back, she probably regrets shoving that crouton in my mouth. I ordered the Nonna's Lasagna Al Forno which was served in an incredibly hot iron skillet. I think the cheese was still bubbling a little bit when they brought it out to our table. This was probably one of the thickest lasagnas I have eaten in a long time. This lasagna came with generous portions of fresh Italian sausage and ground beef and layered with ricotta, mozzarella and provolone cheeses. The marinara sauce was a perfect blend of sweetness and spiciness and had settled to mostly the sides of the lasagna. The top was sprinkled with a tiny amount of Italian parsley. This was one of the best lasagnas I have had in a long time. Each bite melted in my mouth. There was no doubt I was going to finish dish.Because of the reviews, tips, and photos of meatballs on Yelp, my wife had to go with the meatball spaghetti. Needless to say, she polished off the dish easily and said it was one of the best meatball spaghettis she had tasted. The meatballs at Buddy V.'s inspired her to go home and cook some meatballs herself. I think that in itself should speak volumes about their meatballs.We had just enough room at the end to split their Tiramisu which was equally as delicious as our entrees. It was a nice touch to include a side of lady fingers in order to swipe any remaining coffee flavored cream at the end with them.The service here was top notch. Our waitress was fully knowledgeable about the menu and was ready to offer suggestions. She was great from start to finish! Even with the coupon, I agree with the other reviewers that say this restaurant is on the pricey side.
5	WOW My husband and I have been here 5 times already, Our server Rocco has been the best of the best, the food is delish and the desserts are to die for, a must is the Lobster Tail Pastry with fresh fruit, the cannoli's come in second best but all are goodEvery visit we ordered something different to try and we have not been disappointedone of my fav's is the margarita pizza, last night we had the sunday gravy pot, meatballs, pork, lamb, sausage with a bowl of rigatoni, so yummy, we had friends from NJ visit last month and this was the first place we took them, they can not wait to returnmatter of fact I can't wait for our next visit, so until then I will have to patience but it won't be long,  thanks Buddy for opening on the stripsee you soon
5	Went at 4:30 with some friends for the happy hour specials.  Service was sincere and friendly. The drink prices were killer for happy hour, and the food was great. I recommend the calamari, not to spicy, and the sauce is great.
5	All I can say is WOW!  The food was amazing! We had the whole wheat penne and the orecchiette with Italian sausage. Really good. We also split the Nutella cake with salted Carmel ice creme. One of the best deserts I have had.
5	What a wonderful experience! The veal Marsala melted in my mouth and I mopped up all of the sauce with the perfectly cooked spaghetti it came with. The lobster tail for dessert was amazing! The filling was perfect and held together by a perfect, flaky pastry. Our waiter Rocco was more than accommodating with my multitude of requests and questions - always responding with a pleasant smile and great attitude. Thank you Buddy Vs! We will be back.
5	I am a Las Vegas local who is originally from New Jersey and boy was I impressed. I did not even care for any of the pastries at Carlo's Bakery back in Hoboken, but we wanted to try a little taste of Jersey in Sin City. The Sunday Gravy (have no fear, you can get this every day) reminded me of those many Sunday dinners back in NY/NJ that started at 2 and ended around midnight. It almost brought a tear to my eye eating that food because it tasted so much like what my grandparents would make for us. Those grand meals are unfortunately a thing of the past, but Buddy V's brought it back to life. The meats in the Sunday Gravy were perfect, the pork was so tender, and you can taste the flavor in every bite of the sausage and meatballs. It was quite a feast and a pretty good value considering that you are right on the Strip. My wife had the lasagne and it was massive. The service was excellent, attentive, but not overly. Buddy, your pastry shop may not be great, but your Italian restaurant is. Great job! Thank you for bringing a taste of New Jersey to Nevada. The location is tricky, it is on the side of the Venetian between the Palazzo, but once you make it there, you will be back.
5	I loved this place. It reminded me of the old Villa Penza and other old school joints where the cook or the owner mingles and sits with you for a while and makes you feel at home even though they know you are leaving.  These are the special touches that made the old school joints what they were with tile floors and checkered tablecloths and the food was nectar of the gods and 'ambience' was for people who didnt know anything about food.These elements gave us the confidence to break some rules like 'never order spaghetti and clam sauce outside of the metropolitan area'.The simplicity of this dish was a revelation.  The DeCecco macaroni was cooked to perfection, It was the perfect platform for the teeny tiny baby clams that are mandatory for this dish and no substitutions.  The fragrance of the baby clams, the garlic, the textures, it was just magnificent and like no other commercially prepared dish we have had in years.  Kudos!I dont like sitting on top of the kitchen.  Its too loud and too hot.  This was neither.  It was very entertaining.  They were loving the food they were preparing and it made you that much more excited about how good it was going to be to see this.The veal marsala was fantastic.  It was good quality veal and the marsala was not cloying and sickeningly sweet as the cheap marsalas are.  This was proper marsala.The osso buco was great, cooked to perfection, falling off the bone resting on a pool of creamy polenta.I highly recommend the 'birthday cake' for dessert.  Its an experience.While many of these authentic homestyle dishes are stylized for presentation, this is the way we really eat in  NJ.  Great meatballs.  This visit was AFTER Gordon Ramsay Steak and in no way was it a letdown, it was right up there with GR.  Kudos to Adam Margolies and his exceptional staff.
4	Took the family for lunch as a Christmas treat. Service was good, especially friendly even with three small children including accommodating special requests. We tried the calamari, meatballs, Hoboken chopped salad, carbonara, kids Mac and Cheese and pizza. For dessert we had cannoli, nutella chocolate cake and Cheese & Cake. First, the Nutella Cake is insanely amazing! Everything else was very good as well. Honestly their kids Mac and Cheese was one of all our favorites! It should be available for adults. The meatballs were prefect. Loved the flavor combination of the chopped salad but my 19 year old daughter who likes things simple, thought it was too much. The cheese & Cake, a take on cheesecake was good not super sweet but definitely not the top choice of the three we got.
2	Great food, poor service.  Sunday gravy was delicious and loved the piccata.  Birthday cake, cannoli, and lobster tail were on point.  The beef tenderloin was on the rare side for a medium.  Kudos to the kitchen.For the service, I'll keep it short. Just our luck as first time diners to get the waitress in training on a Saturday night.  It would have been tolerable if she had any personality or acted if she even cared about our experience there.  Never engaged us, we had to continually ask for refills on water,  and brought me the wrong drink.  Trainer right at her side, for what? I blame the management and trainer for this.   Servers in training should be up to speed for the weekend dinner service before being put there.  When customers leave satisfied with the food but disgruntled over the service after paying nearly three bills for a mediocre dining experience, you end up losing a repeat customer.  You want great reviews and repeat business? Then don't use the trial by fire method with new servers and send them to charm school first.
2	So sad!  We had such high hopes for this place.  We eat out a lot (in fact we are trying a new restaurant every day this winter break!)  This restaurant cannot compete with anything else nearby.  Maggiano's -fabulous, Brio - lovely, Buddy V's -meh.  We had the meatball sand and the vodka sauce pasta.  Both were bland, small and overpriced ($23 for a very small plate of pasta.). No hot bread and butter, no attentive wait staff, no one asked how are meals were, we were invisible.  Then we come to the real reason we went - the lobster tail pastry.  At $15 we were sure it would be crazy good.  It wasn't. The cream inside was luscious and the presentation was beautiful, but the pastry itself was so hard and overcooked we couldn't cut it and that made sharing difficult.  Worst of all, I left my commemorative photo of my little girl and I from  the National Geographic exhibit on the table.  When we realized this 2 hours later we rushed back to the restaurant.  They had thrown it out!  Who doesn't keep people's forgotten things for at least the rest of the day?!  A very bad $64 lunch and a sad tale to tell.
3	I went here for a small meal with my parents before departing for the airport.  Among us 3 we split a Buddy's pizza and a pasta carbonara.  Pizza was quite tasty and good, very flavorful, but I thought it was too salty for my full and complete enjoyment.  The pasta arrived in a small-lookin portion, for the price we were paying . . (~$23?).  It's not like I was expecting Cheesecake factory portions, but given the price, the pasta could have either used a bit more pizzaz or a larger serving size.  It was a very .. bland okayish dish overall, something I feel that I could have made at home.  Definitely a skippable dish.
4	The dessert was delicious! My chicken rigatoni was raw. The chicken was chewy so I cut all the pieces and sure enough it was pink! Super disappointed. The pasta wasn't bad at all...a little salty for my taste. The chicken Piccata was cooked nicely. The cannoli was very good. The cheesecake was amazing!!! The manager took care of us...free dessert. We will go back for dessert and a no-chicken dish :)
3	We decided to try this new LV restaurant because we are huge Cake Boss fans. We should have asked for the dessert menu first because the appetizers and entrees were just okay. I'd recommend just coming for the desserts! Sorry Buddy. The food was fair. Location is very nice- can't beat the Venetian. Nice atmosphere. A tad pricey for our family's budget, but expected for a LV strip restaurant.
3	Food was ok nothing to write home about. We sat down and drink order was taken right away. Two min later a different person gave us the drink list and tried to take our drink order. Two min after that a 3rd person did the same thing. Portions were VERY small but taste was good. Service was terrible! They seriously took our plates away as we were still eating--like fork in hand headed toward the mouth and they take the plate away. We went for lunch and the restaurant was very empty so this type of rushed service was unnecessary! Probably will never go back.
3	Overall probably 3 is fair. The space has gorgeous views and is worth the short walk from venetian or palazzo. The food is above average Italian, but not spectacular. The focaccia should've been warm, and why do we need to ask for olive oil? That's not authentic . We had chicken parm and pasta. We said we were sharing but plates were just dumped. Had a very nice bus boy but the waiter was creepy and a little scary. The chicken parm was good, pasta was a little on the creamy side. Overall pretty mediocre for the Boss, hope the cakes are better and they hire some pleasant waiters
4	I had a surprisingly solid lunch here the other day. First of all, the view is a big selling point., overlooking the strip. They have lunch specials and they are relatively reasonable in price for a restaurant on the strip. I ordered the Italian hero with Caesar salad and my friend ordered the meatball appetizer. The sandwich was really good. Perfectly cooked bread, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The meat was flavorful and had a nice kick. The tomato tapenade added a nice spiciness as well. I tried some of my friend's meatballs and they were great. Moist and well-seasoned. Some of the better meatballs I've tried in town.  We couldn't stop by without trying some dessert, so we gave in and ordered a tiramisu as well as a Nutella cake with salted caramel gelato. The tiramisu was enormous, large enough for four people to share. The Nutella cake was not overly chocolatey and wonderfully paired with the caramel gelato. I'm not typically a fan of Nutella or cake but this was the perfect combination. They are opening a Carlo's Bakery across from Buddy V's, which will be a great addition to accompany this restaurant.
2	So the wife and I went to Buddy V's last night and here are my thoughts.  Overall it was a good dining experience, but not a great one.  I wasn't bowled over by either the service or the food, (except for the desert).  It was just kind of okay and most likely won't go back.First off, the restaurant is tucked away in a spot that has a fantastic view of the Strip, but the internal design was emotionally cold.  I want an Italian-American restaurant to be warm and inviting and this place was trying too hard to be fancy, (which is most likely a result of its being in the Venetian). We didn't order any appetizers but for entrees my wife had the Veal Marsala and I had the Chicken Parm.  My wife and I both loved the taste of our meals.  They were both well prepared but both were a bit on the small side for the money they are charging. The Chicken Parm had only two cutlets and the side of spaghetti was only about a half a cup's worth.  Same with the wife's dish.  Like I said both tasted real good, but not really any better than any other Italian joint in town. Also, they give you fancy Focaccia bread with dinner.  Sadly they offer no butter or Olive oil to go with it and really, the bread had a distinctive taste to it, which made it non-optimal for dipping.  I'd rather have warm, fresh, and plain Italian bread over the fancy stuff. For desert we shared a Tiramisu and that was fantastic.  The quality and taste of it was spot on.  As far as the service, the wait staff was very attentive.  Our waiter was professional but a bit stoic.  We probably won't go back because I can get just as good Italian food from a local spot 10 minutes from my house but the desert was great so maybe it's worth it to try lunch there instead of dinner paired with desert.
4	Beet experience at Buddy V's restaurant. We started the dinner with calamari, grandmas meatballs, and the cheese&salami platter. All that with a bottle of wine. Service was excellent and the waitress was friendly. Right when you walk in, Buddy's pictures of him and his family are placed in front. The view is excellent because it looks out onto the strip. The restaurant itself is very clean. For the main entrees, I ordered the filet mignon. It was very juicy and I enjoyed every bite of it.  Now for the grand finale...... The lobster tail dessert was heaven! It was so good and it wasn't to sweet. I was very full but my parents shared so I had two-three bites. MUST TRY
2	Restaurant is huge, doesn't give you the warm feeling that an Italian restaurant should have in my opinion.Food and drinks took forever, server was very polite but could make up the fact that everything took a very long time to get to the table.We had the caprese and the panzanela salad, both were ok, nothing out of the ordinary.For an entree I had the veal Marsala, comes with a side of linguine which was flavorless. Veal itself was decent but nothing that would impress.Desserts was the only salvageable items that we had, cannoli and lobster tail made me give them 2 stars.Would not return to this place, there's other Italian places that are much better.
1	I am a local and went to Buddy V's for the first time. I was very unimpressed with the overall meal. The service was incredibly poor. Once we sat down and got water, it took a very long time for anyone to come over and even see if we were ready to order or had questions. Our appetizers came out and were very bland and the garlic bread was burnt. No one came by to see if everything was ok, so by the time someone did come over, our next course was out. They got us a new garlic bread, which also came out burnt. They did end up taking it off our bill. Our other food was just ok. Kind of bland and uninteresting, and definitely not worth $22! Overall I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone and I will not be back.
5	I went to Buddy's for the first time last week and I was very impressed! My mom and I shared Buddy's Favorite Pizza I believe was the name. And I actually think I fell in love. Everything about it was amazing. We actually shared with the random group next to us. The atmosphere is great! There is a fantastic view of the Strip. You can watch the cooks make meals which is fun for the kids! The service was also very good! The Assistant General Manager Adam was as nice as can be. The only problem is there isn't a Buddy's where I live!
4	One of the newer restaurant that opened here at The Palazzo, it is located on the second level of The Grand Canal Shoppes, next to Barney's New York.Came here on a date and yes, I do agree with a fellow Yelper that it IS a big spacious restaurant so it doe not give you the intimate, romantic/family style a Italian restaurant should be. But hey...it's located in a 5 diamond hotel right ON THE STRIP...what else can you expect?To sum it up, everything we ordered was delicious. The service was great, our waiter was attentive the entire time keeping our drinks filled, napkins/utensils were delivered quick. We got an order of their famous meatballs as an appetizer. I believe it came with six. Perfect to start off with. The meatballs were very flavorful and they weren't puny little meatballs either.For our entrees, I ordered chicken Parmesan and my date ordered a pasta dish. Let me tell you, like most restaurants here on the strip, portions were pretty big. I definitely had leftovers for the next day. My chicken Parmesan wasn't dried and they put the perfect amount of melted cheese on top. We also ordered dessert. Not a big fan of sweets to begin with and I was already full from dinner. But my date suggested we share something soooo....sure, why not? We ordered the canoli and it was wayyy toooo sweet for my liking. The cream filling....bleh....over powering. I much prefer a gelato or something if I ever get a chance to come back here.Overall, this is a really good restaurant and I can see it thriving here at The Palazzo. Prices aren't as expensive as say, Dal Toro or Bouchon. If you're in the mood for Italian and kind of on a budget.....I definitely recommend Buddy V's.(P.S.) Heard Buddy V is going to open up a bakery shop at the Venetian sometime in March 2014. Stay tuned!
4	Great service. Did get our order mixed, however let us keep the dish we didn't order free of charged. Food was very good.
1	Poor service, over-priced and mediocre food at best. They were not accommodating to special requests such as a different pasta sauce or adding cracked red pepper to a dish. People come here for the name but leave thinking Buddy V should stick to cake instead of restaurants.
1	Horrible service. Bland food that was  ridiculously over priced for the portion size. The staff was extremely unaccommodating and unfriendly with a large group. They refused to split the check which was ridiculous. Overall it was a very disappointing experience for an establishment with Buddy's name on it. I wouldn't recommend it to friends and I will definitely not go back.
2	Not the greatest... Back to the basics!I was told the there was a steak/arugula salad as an option for dinner. I am not a fan of arugula, so I asked to have it on romaine (as they had a Caesar salad on the menu).  He asked the chef and the chef said no. I then said, can you just give me the Caesar salad and place a filet on it. He said sure. The entree came as follows... One plate with a filet (6oz) and one small bowl of Caesar salad. I asked what is this??? The server proceeded to tell me that the chef did not think a filet would go nicely on a Caesar. I told the server that I ordered the meal and not him. This really frustrates me. Cater to the customer, especially when this is a middle of the road restaurant. I also had (2) vodka and soda with a lime. The third one came with lemon. I asked why and where was my lemon. The server said that he did not want the drinks messed up? What?!? This place needs some flavor added to the meals, re-training of the staff and the chef to have a new attitude. I miss the First!!! The First was the restaurant prior.
2	Very disappointing!- Lasagna and agnolotti were tasteless- Unpleasantly awkward waiter and bus boy- Gorgonzola that came with the meat & cheese plate was amazingI'd put this restaurant on par with an Olive Garden. With so many other tasty places so close by, I wouldn't waste my time with Buddy V's.
5	Wow!  What a fabulous meal we had last week. My husband and I are major foodies and have eaten at some of the best Italian places in the USA. We loved the best of course in Boston little Italy and Buddy Vs is as close as it gets.  I had the Osso Buco and my husband had the ravioli,  and both were amazing. We had to keep sharing with everybody at our table.  The only trouble we had was finding it.  It is on the second floor, but we kept asking for directions from everybody in the Venetian  and nobody could tell us.  Finally a drink server put her full tray of drinks down and went to a wall phone and got directions for us. You would think they would have training on directions in the hotel on how to get what you are looking for.  But it was definitely worth the navigating.  We will be coming back again!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS RESTRAUNT!  Food was so delicious, and the waiters/waitresses were super nice and helpful.  Was great for lunch and dont get me started on the canoli's....  DELISH!  I will deffinately be returning!
4	My husband and I are huge cake boss fans. We've visited the bakery multiple times, met buddy, and even ordered birthday cakes from Carlo's. He's such a nice guy, and his family is so genuine. Of course we had to try one of his newest additions. We showed up on a Friday right when they open, at 11:30a. We were seated pretty promptly. Our server was friendly, but not very authentic... Kinda 'going through the motions'. Too early to be at work I guess.We ordered a pizza and a sausage and pasta dish. Both were very tasty and average sized, not huge but not small either. The decor is very authentic Italian, and has a homestyle kitchen vibe. Really spacious with tons of seating, only the weren't too many people dining , that day at least. I'll be back next time in in Vegas! I hope others will too!
5	I was slightly skeptical thinking it would not be good. The apps are average. The pastas...exceptional! Pomodoro was perfect, the lasagna is super huge and delish and the pasta alla vodka was amazing! All of the pasta is perfectly cooked. Oh, and make sure you leave room for dessert. The tiramisu had a chocolate cake surprise at the bottom. I hate the word moist but that's exactly what it was...MOIST. I couldn't stop eating it. Nice views so ask for a table by the window. The restaurant is not easy to find so just ask for directions...don't wander around.
5	The ambiance is great! The food carries a high end Vegas resort cost, but what you get is very good food!The desserts are top notch, no surprise there.
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome.  That is how I would describe every aspect of this restaurant.  My wife is a huge cake boss fan, and we were told Buddy opened a restaurant.  Of course, she thought we should try it and I was glad she forced the issue.   We started with grandmas meatballs, and they were tender and delicious.  Followed this up with the Lasagne and I will say that I am a bit of a Lasagne snob and am very picky.  Up to this visit, I openly stated that my home made lasagne was the best I have ever had, and I now have to admit that Buddy's was a bit better.  A very healthy portion that I could not finish, and the mix of cheeses, meats, pasta, spices and sauce was a true delight.The waiter we had was great and was extremely helpful with the menu and wine choices.  I would suggest to anyone to go here for a good hearty, filling meal.  Great job Buddy!
3	A friend and I went here after a show -- we were pretty much just starving and wanted pasta and this was the first place we saw. The wait was about 20 minutes so we just grabbed a seat at the bar easily which was great, however we were pretty much ignored for 15 minutes until the bartender finally came over. My friend asked for the wine list and the way she rolled her eyes you would think that's a dumb question (is that a dumb question?). When she finally came back another 10 minutes later to get drinks I asked for a food menu and that was also apparently really labor-intensive for her because she seemed crazy annoyed. The place wasn't that busy but I could tell she was the only one behind the bar which I can sympathize -- I'm a pretty patient person so if I have to wait it's not usually a big deal as long as you're pleasant when you do get to me. So that whole exchange was sort of a bummer. All that said the food was pretty good. Not the best Italian food I've ever had but it was straightforward pasta and good sauce. I had the rigatoni and my friend had the orecchiette and both were good enough that we finished them. Will I go back? Meh. But I am pretty excited the bakery is opening across the hall!
4	WHO: I know all of you are TLC Cake Boss fans like I am, who wouldn't be?! So, for everyone in the world who LOVES Buddy V as much as I do, be a NERD and come eat here (Don't forget the pictures, lol!)WHERE: Located inside of the Grand Canal Shoppes of the Venetian and or Palazzo.WHEN: Monday through Sunday from 11:30am-10pm; Friday & Saturday from 11:30am-11pm. & most importantly, Happy Hour from 4:30-6:30pm! =DWHY: BECAUSE EVERYONE'S DOING IT! Lol, just kidding. Wouldn't you like to take part in a sit-down lunch or dinner with your friends and or family in Buddy V's first restaurant in Las Vegas?! & also because Carlo's Bakery is going to open in a few weeks to months just right across the restaurant! SO PERFECT!WHAT: The first time I came here, my family and I did dinner. As I walked into the restaurant and to the table, I noticed the perfectly dim ambiance that filled the entire room. I love ROMANTICKLE restaurant settings! It makes me HAPPY! Random Tangent: Sometimes I make words up so don't dictionary.com them because it most likely won't be in there. HahaSo as my family and I were seated, we were handed the menus and ordered. I love dinner with family because we purposely order something different so that we can try each other's food! Too good!FOOD:Chicken Parm- I personally got the chicken parm, and it was excellent! I wish there could have been a tad bit more spaghetti with it, but overall Yummy!Margherita pizza- My younger cousin chose this pizza, and I'm glad he did because there were slices for every single one of us! SHARING IS CARING!Nonna's Lasagna al Forno- My older cousin ordered the lasagna. From the bite I took, I remember wishing I ordered it! It was definitely a hearty meal because there were leftovers! Thumbs up!DESSERT:Buddy's XL Lobster Tail- As I was scanning the dessert menu, my eyes suddenly zoomed into this dessert! I absolutely love the flaky pastry shell that enclosed the yummy, creamy, and PERFECT custard cream! (Everytime I go to NY, I search for Lobster Tails!!)Lisa's Warm Nutella Cake- My cousin is addicted to chocolate, as this made his eyes light up! I loved the hazelnut praline crunch, good touch to the chocolatey goodness!I still want to try the rest of what's on the dessert menu!!! GIMME GIMME GIMME!HAPPY HOUR: My cousin and I just made it in time for HH the other day, and we went HAM!Grandma's Meatballs- The perfect tasty, softy GOODNESS! I love these meatballs!Macaroni & Cheese Carbonara- I am a mac&cheese fiend! This mac was pretty good. I've never had it with peas, but it actually gave it a sweet taste, GOOD COMBO!Calamari Fritti- Loved the grilled lemon pinwheels, banana peppers, and the tomato aioli! AIOLI!!Meatball sliders- We couldn't get enough of the meatballs, so we had to order it in bread!Lastly, try the "CAKE BOSS" chocolate martini! If you love chocolate & alcohol, it was a really good mix! Tasted exactly like a chocolate cupcake... the only difference is it is in LIQUID FORM, and you may not be able to walk straight after! LolBefore I continue typing, I am going to STOP and leave you with one thing... ENJOY!! & LET ME KNOW WHEN CARLO'S BAKERY OPENS! HOLLER! =D
3	I wasn't too impressed. But to be honest, I didn't expect to be either. While I had my moment watching Buddy master cakes on the Cake Boss, to attach his name to a restaurant wasn't as exciting as say, having a bakery with his name on it.I will say the meal started strong with the meatball appetizer. You get large meatballs in sauce and both were very good. So it set the standard high.One of my favorite items at Italian restaurants is the pasta vodka. While it was good, it wasn't great by any means. Just okay. I did appreciate the al dente noodles though. But the most surprising thing was the desserts. I get it, you want to include some family favorites like cannoli's, but still. No cake? What about featuring mini cakes that are decorated? Just something to play off the show. I just expected more than just three plain jane choices of sweets. I'll admit I sought it out, having the name attached and being new, but I wouldn't urge anyone else to visit this spot while in Vegas.
5	The second of my recent five-star dinners in a row was here, at Buddy V's.  Authentically Italian, the place exudes rustic Tuscan charm.  My party of four arrived with high expectations, and mine were surely met.We began with a couple of superior starters with novel twists.  Thick ringed Calamari Fritti with Lemon Pinwheels & Tomato Aioli was well constructed.  And, Aunt Nina's Mozzarella en Carozza, Jersey City Style Fried Mozzarella, Crostini, Tomato Ragu, & Genovese Pesto, absolutely stood out and proved that the Cake Boss's aunt really knows how to cook.  It was like a gooey Toasted Cheese on steroids--hot and cheesy!Scratch Pasta Fagioli was teeming with ingredients: Ditalini Pasta, Canneloni Beans, tomatoes, carrots, and spinach swimming in a very tasty broth.  And, a good Side Caesar Salad, with a flavor resembling sour lemon, and soft homemade croutons, was a good prelude to what came next.  Clearly for me the highlight of the evening was getting to enjoy Nonna's Lasagna al Forno, with Italian Sausage, beef, pork, and just the right amount of Ricotta Cheese.  This humongous entree for one, with a base of five layers of freshly prepared Egg Noodles, was rich, cheesy, and a pleasure to deconstruct.  In fact, this meaty and cheesy lasagna dish was so large that half of it went home to be enjoyed there the next day, where it tasted just as great as its other half had the day before.  Really delicious! We had to ask for butter and Alfredo Sauce twice.  Otherwise service was exemplary.On our way out we saw facsimiles of quite impressive dessert offerings.  I was not at all surprised, for Buddy V. is the Cake Boss after all!  And, probably due to popular demand, a separate bakery directly across from the restaurant, also to be helmed by him, is fast nearing completion.  But we were stuffed, and there will be other opportunities.  So we continued on.
2	First off, the food is not bad here, not great but would give it B+.The problem is the noise level; it is horrific.  We sat in banquets by the kitchen and heard every order 3 times and every pan bang.  As if this is not enough noise, they play cheesy music soooo loud.
4	I didn't know Cake Boss had a restaurant here and I actually found it through Instagram. My friend and I came on Saturday and we sat at the bar since it was happy hour. We ordered the sausage and pepper sliders, mac n cheese and Italian birthday cake. And we were very pleased with our order. The sliders tasted like what you would expect typical sausage and peppers, but tasty. Mac n cheese had chicken and veggies, which is more like a entree versus what most Americans think of it being a side dish.  Service was standard and considering we sat at the bar I've never had a bartender treat me poorly, but I must admit she was kind of awkward towards us. Lastly, the Italian birthday cake was really moist, but not dippy. I can't wait to come here again and try the Chicken Parmigiana, a customer next to us ordered this and it looked delicious. I highly recommend Buddy V's to anyone especially if you're at Venetian already.
4	My wife and I had a really great experience here for lunch.  I wanted the Sunday Gravy, which was the special, but it turns out it is a dinner item.  The waitress insisted on going back and checking with the chef and he agreed to make it for me.  I'm glad he did, it was amazing.  We also had the cheese sticks for an appetizer.  They were delicious, though a bit unorthodox, it was more like a grilled cheese sandwich in tomato sauce.  Service was great and friendly.  The restaurant, for lunch, was relatively empty, but everything was amazing.
2	First thing I am going to say is" I am so sorry Buddy! I love you, I love your show! I love your charisma, but unfortunately the food at your Las Vegas restaurant is very disappointing. ;( We came here on Dec. 24 to celebrate my daughters first birthday, this i will give you though, your staff is excellent! Great customer service and great ambiance! They were very accommodating and on top of things, Kudos on that! We ordered various things from desserts to appetizers, the most disappointing item was the veal, it tasted funky and it had a weird smell to it, so i returned it and they graciously took it off my bill. the tastiest item we ordered was the linguini with clams, but it wasn't amazing, the other items like calamari, osso buco, grilled cheese, was ok, but not great as well. The lobster tail dessert was just horrible, it was as hard as a rock! I am sorry to say that my expectations were a bit higher, especially since the menu was a bit pricey, but even if the menu was more reasonably priced, the taste was just not exciting my palate. I mean overall it was a fun time, I don't regret celebrating my baby's first birthday there, hey at least the baby loved the free bread sticks, but would I come back? Maybe if somebody else paid, i would be willing to give it another shot, also keep in mind that they just opened this location, and every restaurant will always have its growing pains, that's why these reviews are necessary.
4	Had visit as soon as I saw the ad walking through the canal shoppes..this place did not disappoint!!! The salad is out of this word good and fresh. Buddy's signature pizza is great.. And the cannoli is what we came for especially. It was way better than expected..can't wait for Carlo's to open across the way...so coming back!!
5	I loved it! Disclaimer: I am a huge fan of Buddy and his shows, so I'm a lil biased.I came in for a late lunch, the staff was friendly and attentive. It was pretty quiet, not too many people around which was nice, I didn't feel like competing or waiting for a table.I really loved the decor, it was decorated like a nice italian kitchen; I thought the rolling pins that decorate one of the walls was a cute and creative idea. There were family pictures on the walls that gave it that homey feel, and I have to say I really appreciated that the restaurant was spacious, so it didn't seem cluttered.My friend and I ordered Aunt Nina's Mozzerella en Carozza, which was fried mozzerella with crotini in a tomato sauce.....OMG!! So Freakin good!!!! We were tempted to order another one, but decided to wait till we had tried the rest of the food we ordered. We also order the linguine in white clam sauce that was also pretty good, it had lots of clams yummy!For dessert, we got a lobster tail and a cheesecake. The lobster tail was too f*ckin good!!! We were in heaven, the flaky pastry filled with fresh custard cream and fresh berries, it was perfect balance! Not too sweet, not too tart, the berries complimented the pastry perfectly.Needless to say after that we were stuffed, so we had to take the cheesecake to go.This place is a must for Cake Boss fans!
2	I'm a big fan of Buddy's but not a fan of Buddy Vs... over priced for mediocre food... the highlight was the garlic bread...spaghetti was runny... pizza was a little too hard... hopefully Carlos bakery will be better... stick to what you know Buddy. ..
2	It was mine and my husbands 14 year anniversary and I was looking for a fantastic restaurant for us to go out to for a romantic evening! I was recommended by a friend to try Buddy Vs because she works as a concierge on the strip and said it has been a pretty popular choice among tourists.... Let me start by saying people must like this place bc of the fact that it's owner has a tv show because I was very unimpressed! Ok, let me say that it is a beautiful restaurant but not much for a romantic evening... My husband and I were sat at a table barely large enough to hold out plates on, and we were in between 2 other larger parties! We felt completely cramped and not the least bit romantic! However we decided to try to make the best of our night and ordered some of our favorite Italian dishes! When our food arrived I wouldn't put it too far past a fast food Italian taste! There was nothing great about our food and most definitely not worth the price! We are locals who love good Italian food and there are many, and I do mean many, that we have tried off the strip who far exceed Buddy Vs! We will leave this restaurant for the tourists!
3	Gosh I had high expectations for this place because it had the cake boss' name on it,  but I was really disappointed at the poor service and the taste of the food.   Honestly,  I feel like the food at Carrabas is just as good if not better! The only thing memorable were the desserts.  Thank goodness because that is what he's known for.  The nutella cake is so rich and sweet, it'll give you a belly and toothache just looking at it.  I usually finish my desserts entirely,  but this one I could only take a few bites. A few bites is all you need.  The canolli is the real deal;  very creamy with a good combination of cinnamon,  chocolate, and pistachio flavors.  Skip dinner here and just order dessert and coffee.
2	I've experienced better Italian American food many times, none charged this much for food and yielded such a product and service.We all did the 3 course meal for $30 as part of Vegas Restaurant Week...big mistake. -  I was shocked at how much this place was charging for standard Italian-American food on the regular menu almost $30 for chicken parm...I'd much rather go to Parma for an awesome chicken parm that's less cost and with a better atmosphere too. To be honest I wasn't used to seeing "strip" prices.  The view was only beautiful if you consider looking at Las Vegas Blvd a "beautiful" thing.  It was loud, crazy, and there was a general disorganization seen among the serving staff as we were brought our meals twice; once we ate then another shortly after, which we declined.  -  The meatballs lacked flavor; I could only taste a slight gamey taste of veal, but nothing else, and they were chincy in size.  -  The Chicken Parm was pretty bland but tender.  The finale were doughnut balls with a choco raspberry sauce which wasn't good at all.  -  The dough balls were sitting on the counter for a while so they were plenty cold.  -  It dawned on me as I sat there looking around at all the other dining patrons that this is largely what "tourists" are exposed when they visit Las Vegas.  This is awful!  We asked for to-go boxes because we couldn't finish our unappetizing meal and mistaken;y left them on the table...oh well; no loss.I think this was a clear example of why we all dine off the strip.  In general, the food was bland and severely overpriced for what they offer.  Why a baker has a restaurant, I don't understand.Prices for dinner range from ~$25-$45.
4	We had a 5:30 dinner reservation but had to wait to be seated.  Not sure why, because the place had lots of empty seats.  The service was good and the food excellent.  We ordered the shrimp scampi which was made with a tomato base sauce and caesar salad.  The croutons were very different...they were served arm with cheese filled inside of these huge croutons.  It was very delicious!!  The breadsticks in packages in a holder on the table were also delicious.  We wished we stayed for the lobster dessert, but we were too filled.   We will be back the next time we're in Vegas visiting.
1	We went to Buddy V's for a late lunch around 2:30. The restaurant was less than half full, plenty of seating, no wait. There were 4 of us, with two more on the way. The not so pleasant manager said they do not sit incomplete parties...are you joking, there were so many open tables!! We said we'd like to be seated to order drinks, they refused. So we waited a few minutes, went back up to the host stand asked if they really couldn't seat us with all the open tables, it seemed a little ridiculous.  Still a very rude no. We left went to another Venetian Italian restaurant, got seated right away.  Will never go back, horrible service. I understand if your busy, but they weren't, just very rude and unaccomadating.
1	Sorry, I couldn't tell you about the food since we didn't get that far.... Buddy might make this food for his family, but not allowing them to sit until the entire party is present is rude!!  I fully understand when it is busy, but there were so many open tables it was almost alarming.    We asked both the hostess and the manager (both rude and short) if we could sit and have a drink and we were told no, but you can go to the bar and get a drink.  Since a few of us worked in the industry, we understand the policy when it is busy, but when it is not I would think a good manager would make the right decision.  We felt like Greg Focker in Meet the Parents when he wanted to board the plane. That's OK, Canaletto happily sat us (they were slammed btw) and enjoyed taking our $250 lunch tab along with the 2 additional friends who came when we were finished of our referral.
3	I had got the chicken rigatoni alla vodka and a kale salad. Of course it was a meal that is a little pricey because it is at a hotel/casino. Its hard to share these dishes because they are more individual portions. The kale sald was very flavorful and good. I enjoyed the texture of the kale and it was way to eat. I didnt really like the rigatoni. I think it was undercooked because the rigatoni was hard and very difficult to chew. The sauce was good though. Our waiter was cool to talk to and welcoming. Nice to try because i do like buddy from cake boss, but I'm not planning to come back.
3	Ordered their cannoli dessert since on Buddy's "Cake Boss" T.V. show, it's the best thing ever. Tried it, but it was very stale. I'll give it another try next time to taste their main dish to see if they're any good but the real reason why I'll be returning is their phenomenal service.
1	The most uncomfortable, worst dining experience I've ever had. We (a group of 4) were seated in the "lounge" area near the bar because they didn't have any regular tables available. It was like sitting at a coffee table to eat dinner. Between that and the giant  LED screen outside the window blinding half of our party, it was quite uncomfortable. We were there a good 20 minutes before the waiter came to take our drink orders and it went downhill from there. The garlic bread was disgusting, and the chicken parm tasted like a frozen TV dinner. And that brings us to the service... Our waiter was the rudest server I have ever had. I was on a business trip and needed to have the checks split, which took him 3 tries and about 25 minutes to get right. Then, when he didn't bring me an itemized receipt (which I need for business trip expenses), I asked for one and the reaction I received was rolled eyes and gritted teeth. He did eventually bring it, but it was served with a lot of unnecessary attitude. I would give 0 stars if I could.
5	I ate here for Restaurant Week Spring 2014 and again the following night from their regular menu. The portions here are nice and the different types of dishes on the menu make it hard to decide what to order. Our server, Perry is fantastic! He checked on us often and made sure everything was to our liking. Managers, Adam and Christopher also stopped by our table at different times to introduce themselves and make sure we were enjoying everything. I could tell that not just the managers care about the experience of every customer, but the servers and rest of the employees do too.The cost for the RW week dinner was $30.14 per person which I found to be a very fair price considering what I got. I had the following:Buddy's CapreseChicken Parm & SpaghettiZeppoleThe next day I at the following:The meal started out with warm bread and oil and balsamic. Nice start!Buddy's Caprese ($16) - This salad is sooooo good! It had charred green beans, burrata, tomatoes and balsamic. The variety of tomatoes and different colors of them were nice. The tomatoes tasted so fresh. The burrata was fantastic! So soft and tasted great. Buddy's Salumi and Cheese Board ($21) - Prosciutto, spicy capicola, genoa salami, gorgonzola, pecorino, grana padano, pickled veggies, olives and grilled bread arranged beautifully on a cheese board. The meats had such great flavor and the olives (they contain pits) had a nice garlic flavor to them. All the cheeses were good, but the gorgonzola was my favorite. It was creamy and easy to spread on the garlic toast. Delish!Chicken Parm & Spaghetti ($23) - This is oven baked with provolone and mozzarella. I thought mine from the night before was soggy, so I asked that it be cooked longer this time and it was just perfect. Nice and crispy were is should be and the cheeses tasted good. The spaghetti on the side had marinara on it and parmesan and even though I barely had room, I couldn't let it go to waste! I did take half of my chicken parm home and it reheated nicely. Lisa's Warm Nutella Cake ($9) - The cake was warm and baked perfectly. It also came with a scoop of salted caramel ice cream that was excellent. Zeppole ($9) - These are served hot and coated in a spiced sugar. 2 dipping sauces accompany them, lemon raspberry jam and chocolate. The raspberry jam I wasn't crazy about, but the chocolate dipping sauce tasted great. They also have a kid's menu as well a lunch menu that offers burgers and sandwiches. I am eager to come back and check some of the sandwiches out. I was very pleased with the service, food and atmosphere. The first night, we sat at a table near the bar area next to a large window that overlooks the strip. The next night we sat at a booth that was closer to the kitchen. Both are different experiences so try them both! They also can host events here.
2	All the food we had was spectacularly....meh. Nothing was horrible, but nothing was even above ordinary from what you'd find at most italian chains. We had the spaghetti bolognese and chicken parm. Our waiter was beyond terrible though. It wasn't one specific thing, just a lot of little things that added up to a poor experience. The bus boy/bread deliverer/water guy was great, and that's the only thing I can say positively about the place. At these prices, we definitely won't be back.
2	I came to this restaurant because I read a review of burgers and they said this was the best burger ever. Even if it was in an Italian restaurant. It took us forever to find the restaurant. It's not well signed. When we got there a nice lady took us to our table. We waited quite awhile to be noticed. Finally a snoody server came over. He tried to upsell us bottled water. We declined. Of course I didn't order the burger. Instead I had the smashed meatball sandwich. It came on a crisp french roll. It also had ricotta cheese on it. That just ruined it for me. The meatballs were dry and very little sauce. All I could taste was the ricotta. It came with french fries that were nothing spectacular. My friend had the vodka rigatoni. He said it was very good. It should have been for $23.00!! That was the lunch price. I think this place is over priced and to snoody for me. I would have much rather gone across the street to Mangiano's. I never have a bad meal there. No, I won't be back and won't recommend it.
4	I really wish I could do 4.5, because I can't rate this 5 but 4 isn't enough.I want to start out by saying this place did exceed my expectations. I expected great dessert and mediocre entrees and service. This was not at all the case.  We originally had reservations 1/2 hour after we arrived, but were still seated immediately at a table with an excellent view of TI. Our drink orders were immediately taken, and we were given time to explore the menu. Our waiter was fantastic. He was extremely knowledgeable about every menu item, and was friendly and nice in a non phony way. He genuinely seemed proud to be there, which really added to our experience here and set the tone for a great evening.The only reason I'm not giving buddy v's a perfect 5 star review is because in my opinion, the food was too salty for my taste. It was by no means inedible, and was still tasty, but a little too much for me. I will say though that everyone else in my party loved their meals, and the other couple who joined us really loved their meals and thought I was crazy to think it was too salty, so it could just be me! Regardless, the food could have been Significantly worse but the service was so great that I will be back. This place is worth checking out for locals and guests alike.
1	This review is based truly on the service and not the food.  My husband and I ate here on 3/9/14 during Restaurant Week while visiting Las Vegas.  I would like to start off and say that we are lenient when it comes to services.  It is a very hard job and not everyone is cut out for the job and unfortunately Perry M. at Buddy V's is one of them.  Our evening started out with us walking up to the hostess station around 5:15 that Sunday evening.  We asked the two ladies if we could have a window table.  They stated it was going to be about 20 to 30 minutes.  We stated no problem that we will go to the bar and have a drink to please come over and get us when the table was ready.  They stated that was fine.  We ordered two drinks at the bar and about 20 minutes later we saw two tables being cleaned at the window area.  So my husband was paying close attention and before we knew it the hostess was taking up a couple that had just arrived.  Luckily a table was being cleared up behind them so my husband had to go grab the hostess to remind her of our table.  She then remembered we were waiting and sat us down.  Point being, if my husband wasn't keeping an eye out we would have lost those window seats we were waiting on.  Now on to our next adventure, we meet our waiter Perry M., he asked if we wanted water and we stated we did.  The assistant waiter came through and gave us bread and I stated thank you to him, but got no response back.  Perry then came back and got our food order.  The food came out as scheduled and was delivered by a young gentleman from the kitchen.  Our assistant waiter came by and gave us more bread and again I said Thank You with no response.  I come from the south and when someone says thank you, your response should be Your Welcome or My Pleasure.  To me this is plain rude.  Again, we are just holding our tongues in the whole situation.  My husband wanted another beer.  Ever since Perry ordered our food we never saw him again at the table to ask how everything was.  I told my husband to put the empty glass on the edge of the table maybe he will notice it and walla' he did.  My husband asked for another beer and he went on his way.  At this time our water glasses are now empty.  Well after 10 minutes still no beer has arrived at the table.  By this time the dessert has arrived and my husband and I are sharing a glass of water since we have not been refilled or asked if we wanted any.  Again, we are not saying anything.  We don't ask for much.  We know it is hectic sometimes doing this job.  We were going to let go not getting the beer, but we do like for our water to be filled up WITHOUT having to ask.  So we just asked for the bill and were just going to chalk it up to bad experience and not return.  Until our bill came, the first two charges are for the restaurant week special at 30.14 per person (which is correct).  Then two additional entrees where added and the kicker was he added the beer that never arrived.  Our total check should be in the range of 60+ change, but the total was 122.00.  So that is the point my husband lost it and grabbed the manager.  The manager that night was Sean Fiori whom assisted us.  We explained everything to him expect the experience with the hostess earlier.  We explained our experience with Perry M and his assistant.  We showed him the bill and he immediately apologized and said he will fix the bill and gave us an after dinner drink to make up for not getting the beer.  We are not people to complain.  We put up with a lot from waiters/waitress, but this was awful.  We are simple people and want to be acknowledged and respected and just fill up our drinks every now and then.  Literally he orders our food and gave us the messed up bill.  That was all and wants us to tip you on this service.  Don't get me wrong.  We had no problems with the food, but the service made this experience awful.  Hopefully he gets continued training or he needs to find another profession.
5	I've always been a huge fan of Buddy so me and my friend decided to try it out. Service was exceptional and we were suprised at how fast we got our food. The chicken marsala was good, but nothing more special than the others I have tried. The real reason we came was for the lobster tail and cannoli. It was amazing and even better then we imagined.  A definite must try when visiting this restaurant.
5	Went here with my wife during our anniversary trip to Vegas. I have nothing bad to say about this place. It's not necessarily a romantic atmosphere but that's just Vegas in general. Doesn't matter where you go, there's always someone in shorts and a crappy t-shirt and flip-flops. Having said that, we still managed to have enjoy a nice romantic evening. The waiter was great. The chicken parm was great, the corozza was great, the lobster tails and Italian birthday cake were of course great. And just because I needed to try the tiramisu, we came back a few days later. And of course, that was great too. Nice touch with a little bit of chocolate cake in the bottom. I liked that the place wasn't overly crowded and we could go and sit down pretty much whenever. It was certainly one of the highpoints of our trip and I very much look forward to going back. And next time, I'll look forward to stopping into the Carlos Bakery shop opening up just next door. I know some complained about the pricing. I would argue that once again, that's just Vegas. Cocktails cost pretty much $14 wherever you go, unless you're sitting at the slots, and restaurant food is pretty much always $20+ for entrees. That's just the way it is.
2	Ate at this restaurant with a group 9 last Wednesday night. I had heard great things about this restaurant & being a foodie I was excited! First problem was they pushed 2 tables together resulting in them being uneven with each other = disaster when putting wine glasses down. Unacceptable .. Not even an apology or offer to correct the problem. Service was extremely slow and the restaurant was NOT full. We got our wine & beverages &'appetizers approx. 10 min before our meal came!! We couldn't even get a waiters attention to bring us wine! The food was average. Nothing I couldn't cook as well in my own kitchen. The dessert was a treat.. I will say the Cake Boss knows his desserts. That was about it. Sad to say I won't be returning to Busdy V's
4	Stopped in here with my family of five as we cruised through the Venetian for a late lunch. We were really headed to Carlos' Bakery but were hungry and went in to Buddy's.Two kids got meatball sandwiches, one got the margherita pizza, and my wife and I split the salumi and cheese plate with a couple glasses of house red. Happily I got a few bites of the meatball sandwich and it was probably the best I've ever had. The salumi and cheese plate was a great split for a light meal, with excellent meats, cheeses, and I loved the olives. Not normally an olive fan. My daughter really liked the pizza, too.The bill was about eighty five bucks and the service was good, not great.Tip: If you want to hit the bakery, grab a number before or during your meal. There was a significant wait for the bakery, although perhaps the novelty will have worn off after a little time has passed.
3	The food was excellent and with it being a newly opened I expected some issues. When we first arrived the waiter was not my favorite and was extremely rude, once he realized that we were there during restaurant week. But I spoke to the manager and she switched us to a new server. This guy made our night and I would go back just for him to serve us again. The chicken parm was the best I have ever had and lobster tail dessert was amazing. The only other issue was that we got a child's pizza for my son and it arrived after the rest of us were done with our meals. But the problem was fixed again by same manager and they took it off our bill.
4	Great place.  The marinara sauce was excellent and the motzerella appetizer was amazing.   We went between dinner and lunch so it wasn't crowded so,the service was very good.
1	This was just bad. Charged us for meals we sent back and for a slice of birthday cake that we didn't want but they insisted we should get. $300 for a meal where only one dish was actually good (the chicken vodka). Went to Tao for nearly the same price and had the best sushi of my life... Buddy V's was just a waste of money.
5	A dream come true after watching Carlo's Bakery on TV for years.  Service was good and food was amazing from the bread to the entree to dessert.  Had Madeline's Whole Wheat Penne and then Cannoli for dessert.  Just as good as I had hoped it would be.  Clever interior with rolling pins hanging and whisks on the light fixtures.  Family photo album in the dessert menu.  Great option for getting dessert since the bakery across the hall is always so busy.
4	My wife and I went for the Sunday brunch.  As can be expected in Vegas, it was on the pricey side.  They do offer an "Unlimited" drink special which is a nice way to start your day if you feel so inclined.They have a large variety off foods to choose from and it's spread out nicely throughout the restaurant which means no long lines or backups anywhere.  Food was very good and desserts, of course, even better.  Wait staff was very friendly as well.  I would come back.
3	Great service, wonderful desserts. My veal osso Bucco was good, lasagna was great! Enjoyed our experience
4	Was in Vegas for work and took the family with me. My daughter who is a huge Buddy fan wanted have dinner here. She is 10 and she loved it. The place is charming, very cute. The food was very good as well. Service was friendly and fast. I would definitely come here again if I am ever in Vegas again. If you are looking to have a nice dinner at a place that  is kid friendly, this is a good choice.
2	After reading some positive reviews I wanted to try Buddy V's for some decent Italian food. It's a nice place with a nice view of the strip, with the neon lights flickering in the background. Here is what we had:- Grandmas Meatballs. These were pretty tast but our order was cold. I know they are not made to order  but you expect them to be warm.-Calamari Fritti. You basic calamari with 2 slivers of a banana pepper and grilled lemon. Another dish that came out cold.-Lisa V's Linguini and white clam sauce. This dish has the most balanced flavors and a decent amount of clams. This was the 3rd dish in a row that was cold. I would have mentioned it to our server but he wasn't around much.-My mother in laws shrimp scampi. The one dish that came out warm . It had pretty good flavors but not the best scampi I ever had. My mother in laws is much better!.Where most authentic Italian restaurants might offer you freshly grated parm you had to ask for it and it took a few minutes to let the food get even colder. We also asked for some bread, mainly for the scampi since it had a nice broth build up in the bottom of the bowl. The waiter looked as if I was asking for ketchup at a steak house. Another dissapointing Italian meal in Las Vegas, my search continues!
3	The service was FANTASTIC!  We were a table of five and shared our entrees to have a variety of tastes.  Some of us loved the calamari, the other half thought it was too tough.  The eggplant parm was actually hard, so I'm glad it was a shared appetizer instead of a meal. I had read great things about the lasagna...but I must say, I was slightly disappointed.  The portions were huge but if nothing about the dish makes you want to  eat more then who cares?  The chicken parm was GREAT!  But the pasta it came with was OVERLY salty!!!  The Osso Bucco and Polenta were OUTSTANDING as was the Veal in bone parm....although another party at the table complained there was too much cheese on that.  The XL Lobster Tail for dessert is to die for :) ...and I really loved the cannoli.  The ambiance was great....and like I said, the service was stellar!  The portions were great, ... I just have a few complaints....and a few disappointments.  Would still give it another try to taste a few more things before discounting it.
4	Gr8 restaurant hidden away in the Venetian. Went for lunch and service was fast and friendly. Ordered the chicken parm and it was awesome!! Not the biggest portion of pasta but more than enough chicken. Didn't make it to the pastry side but it was very busy over there. Def will go again.
5	My husband and I had brunch on Sunday and it was one of the best brunches we have ever been to in Vegas.  The brunch price was fair $32.95 and then for $14.95 you could have unlimited mix and match drinks from a good selection of adult beverages.The brunch had quite a few items from the menu and everything was exceptional.Also the wait staff were really fantastic.  Everyone was friendly and ready  to help in any way.  Dirty plates were removed quickly.We live in Henderson so we don't usually go to the strip but we will be going back to brunch in the near future.
5	I have eaten here recently a couple times. One time the service was shitty and the other it was great. The food gets 5 stars easily. You get what you pay for here. Grandma's Meatballs: beef, veal, and pork. Good flavor and easily shared but you wont want to. Free Bread: dude came around once with bread and that was it. I wanted more bread! He poured some oil and vinegar for us (a lot of it) and gave us 1 piece of bread for it. That's ok I made up for it by eating all the bread stick thingys that are in the cups on the table. Buddy's Salumi and Cheese Board: damn yo this was real good. I didn't care for the olives but I'm not a fan of them anyway. The meats and cheeses I could have ate all day.Orecchiette and Italian Sausage: This dish had sausage in its name so I ordered it. It was not as heavy as a spaghetti with sauce which was nice. I ate every bite and would order it again. Spaghetti Bolognese: I was very surprised to like this. When it came out I expected some sort of red sauce on it but that wasn't the case. My wife took a bite and really liked the taste too. Winner winner bolognese dinner!Lisa's Warm Nutella Cake: Came with salted caramel ice cream. This was hot and good and everyone should order it. Zeppole: I guess a spiced sugar is outside of these but I didn't taste anything but fried dough. I didn't like this.
5	Delicious. Casual restaurant that's great for family or date night. Quick service with a friendly smile and small talk. Had the lasagna it was huge and delicious. The shrimp scampi has large fresh shrimp. Sauce was just right and not too heavy. Also tried the scallops they were delicious except they were small. But the dish was overall filling.
4	We went at prime time for dinner. The place was so full we had to wait 45 minutes for a table.Once we were seated though the place was great. Service was good though a bit slow at times, the waiter was really passionate about the food and was able to recommend several options for my parents who don't normally eat Italian. We ordered the osso buco, the shrimp scampi, and the gravy with rigatoni. All the food came out hot, and parmesan was very quick to be offered.The food tasted great. Like the waiter said, the osso buco literally fell off the bone, I didn't need the knife at all. It was a bit oily, but otherwise very good. The polenta it was served with was creamy and well seasoned. I felt some vegetables/salad would have gone down nicely, but it was very good overall.The shrimp scampi tasted very good, but the pasta seemed slightly overcooked (by maybe half a minute) and the sauce a little scarce. Flavour wise it was brilliant. The gravy was probably the least impressive in my opinion, the sauce just needed something extra in terms of flavour to really make the meat stand out.Portion sizes were generous, originally we were keen for dessert or a visit to the cake store just opposite, but it was a bit too much. Overall it was a very good meal and one of the few decent Italian places I've been to in Vegas or anywhere else and it shows in how busy they were, but it seemed slightly let down by some small details.
1	We had the opportunity to visit the new Buddy V's at the Venetian Las Vegas. We found the outside menu to be very interesting and the offer of happy hour irresistible!  unfortunatly, the man we met at the front desk did not share our excitement.  He acted irritated with our presence, but when asked, directed us to the upper level of the restaurant as the appropriate area for happy hour values.  after selecting a place to sit, we were accosted and told not to sit "there" as "that" isn't happy hour seating, "this" is happy hour seating.  (beware the hi top tables as they angle your drinks to the floor). Our poor waitress (April) seemed very unhappy to see us. She described a few of the beverages when asked, but after ordering "bellinis", she told us the Bellini machine was broken. When asked if the drink could be served on the rocks, she acted shocked and said it was impossible as it was made from a mix. We heard the bartender say the machine wasn't quite ready. When quizzed, the waitress said it wouldn't be ready for "hours!". We settled for the house red, and let me tell you, i do mean settled.  the transparency of the liquid lent itself more to watery cool-aid, with legs and bouquet to match. We did sample a pasta appetizer, which might have lead us to believe the food was worth putting up with the service, but a smart phone app lead us to better Venetian opportunities. Our party was met with a hostile glare as we were fleeing the establishment, and i was forced to resort to mad dogging the man(ager?) to make good our escape. greeting cold, directions sketchy, service irritated, food potential but unknown, farewell hostile.  1/2 star....
5	Being a fan of Buddy aka Cake Boss, I had to try his first ever Ristorante.  I will say I'll be back  to try more food from menu.
2	I was excited to try this place, especially bc the owner is the star of TLC's reality show 'Cake Boss.' I had high expectations, but unfortunately, they were not met. I took the safe route and ordered Chicken Parmesan. This dish is pretty difficult to mess up since it's so common and every Italian restaurant has it. But to my surprise, it was just....Bleh. Nothing spectacular about it. Tasted better everywhere else. I was with 7 other girls, who ordered a variety of dishes. All didn't seem wow'ed at all, too. Two girls ordered the same thing (forgot what they ordered), but one girl's dish was way more salty than the other. We all had a taste of both girls' dish and agreed. Service was also just.... Bleh. Whenever we asked our waiter for something, he had a lame excuse why it couldn't be done or if it can be done, he would take forever to do so. One thing I don't like is how they can't split up checks. Even very small restaurants don't have problems with splitting checks now a days. I also don't like paying a lot for food that's less than mediocre. I must add though that their dessert menu looked amazing. Too bad none of us were in a mood to try anything. I MIGHT be back to try out a dessert or two when I make it out here again to L.V.
4	Very pleasantly surprised.  Granted, my friends and I stopped by just for a light lunch, so we didn't have any entrees.  But the eggplant parm appetizier, garlic bread and panzanella salad were superb!
5	Great food an great service.  Had the meatball sub  and ny friend had the bolognese pasta.  And Danielle was great!
5	Soo excited to go to the Cake Boss restaurant and bakery! The food and atmosphere was great! service was excellent!! The chocolate mousse cake was the most amazing cake I've ever eaten!!
4	Did you know the owner of this place is like a famous chef or baker or something? Yea, I didn't know either....but I was schooled by my boyfriend's 60-something year old mom. Learn something new everyday!Our party of 8 came here around 10:30pm on a Sunday evening. We got seated quickly, even with our big party. None of us were very hungry, so we ordered all appetizers or small dishes and a couple of drinks. My boyfriend and I shared a Margherita Pizza (definitely big enough for two -- has about 8 small pieces). Both my boyfriend and I agreed that the pizza was really tasty! We happily ate the whole thing. It was cooked just right and was hot and steamy when it got to our table. Just the way I like it! I also ordered a Salad...I don't remember the name of it, but it was decent sized and tasted fresh. I was so full on pizza, I couldn't eat my whole salad. I definitely could have just done one or the other. I don't remember what the rest of my party ordered. There was a variety of dishes, but they all must have been good because I don't remember anything left on anyone's plate when we were done. This means the food was delicious! Or else we were all just hungry. Either way, it was good overall. Service was great. Our server was friendly and personable. I like that when it comes to servers!My only gripe was that our food took forever to come out. We waited a good 15+ minutes before anything came out. That was a long time considering they weren't that crowded or busy when we were there. They may need to work out some kinks in the kitchen. On a side note, this restaurant has good views of the strip. I really liked that, and I spent awhile gazing out at the bright lights and the busyness of the strip. Good people watching!Overall, I enjoyed my time at Buddy V's. I would definitely come back here again on another visit to Vegas!Cheers!
4	This review is for the bar onlyWhile my loving, wonderful husband waited in line at Carlo's Bakery, I thought I'd pop over to Buddy V's across the way and try a libation.  Since I had no clue what I wanted, I asked the bartender to "make something up with amarone", and she did.  I like surprises!  Open space with a nice view - and it's right across from the bakery.  Check! Check!
1	was  the worst place i have eaten in vegas would never go back over priced  not good tasting  as a matter of face we  were there on a  friday night at around 930   while we were eating a bus boy started to unpack dishes  setting them on the counter i asked the waiter if they were going to wash them before use he  said he didnt know  i  made a video  of the busboy unpacking but cant up load it to yelp   not a good place to  go would never go again over priced for the  quality of food you  get
1	Like I said about the bakery, this place symbolizes overrated businesses glamorized by the media for no justifiable reason:The spaghetti my sister ordered was extremely sour and the flavor was disgusting. One bite of it and my insides starting screaming. Mid-way through the meal, my sister needed to use the restroom.. for a while. My margherita pizza? Equivalent to the taste and thickness of a napkin. Zero flavor and toppings spread so thin, they must have evaporated upon baking.After dinner, I left it to Lisa's Nutella Cake with Salted Caramel ice cream to save Buddy V's reputation. I mean, there's no way someone can mess those flavors up - the title alone is perfect. I was wrong. Overly sweet, dense, rich - one bite was too much (and must have contained at least 75g of sugar). The ice cream had nothing salted or caramel about it. I am a huge lover of desserts - and this made me so so sad.Summary:+long wait, pricey, not good - Why would you come here?
3	thankfully it was right where we entered the hotel (from the pedestrian walkway/bridge), so we didn't have to walk far into the venetian lol... there's a lil tables w/ chairs and umbrellas section by the windows near the entrance of the pedestrian walkway/bridge (it's right by huge open windows, no screens so birds literally flew in and ate crumbs off the tables!! idk if u like birds w/ ur meals but i sure wouldn't.. idk y they don't have screens on the windows! but yeah this is their version of an outdoor patio i guess) and also  there's even more extra seating outside the restaurant if u wanna be in the venetian hotel corridor and do people watching (but this section was roped off when we were there). anyway so we find out we didn't have to wait either :))) we got a nice table by the window so we got a nice view of the strip. our waiter was very nice and informative all around. the bread provided was errr different lol but VERY soft which i appreciated, but def do NOT use the oil concoction provided, OMGOSH it has a horrible taste!!! it only lasts a couple secs but man i was tempted to spit it out lol and my husband actually did.. i dunno, maybe the waiter did the concoction wrong? anyone else get bad flavor w/ it?? i really don't see the appeal of that stuff *shrugs.. anyway, i ordered the 'valastro sunday gravy' which is rigatoni pasta w/ various meats: meatballs, sausage, pork, and lamb.. everything was really soft and tender! however, the meatballs didn't taste like i like em (oh well) and the pasta sauce looked a bit orange rather than red, i don't wanna be insulting but my husband did say 'chef boyardee' when he tried my rigatoni lol.. it was still good tho and great portions. also, the server who brought it actually took the meats out of the lil pot they come in and placed em on my plate of rigatoni for me, i thought that was a nice touch :)...  i also got 2 desserts which the waiter suggested i do cuz i asked him if it was better to get desserts in the restaurant or across in the bakery (price-wise, etc). he suggested the restaurant for the lisa's warm nutella cake (i love nutella so this was a must and tasted very good when i had it later that nite). the lil cake has a filling of peanut butter (if i remember right) in the middle, it was thick lol, i wish i had eaten it when i was in the restaurant still... also, it comes w/ salted caramel ice cream which i wasn't a fan of the taste.. i like my ice cream sweet lol, not salty so that was an adjustment for my taste buds but i ate most of it nonetheless.. the crunchy bits that came w/ it were tasty tho IMO... and of course i had to get the tiramisu (i LOVE tiramisu so i was having high expectations w/ this!) it came in this lil jar deal w/ a few lady finger cookies on the side. i was pretty satisfied w/ the tiramisu but i do wish it was more traditionally plated (a square freely on the plate.. idk what it is about vegas strip restaurants putting desserts in jars lol). a nice lil touch is, they give u an italiany postcard saying thank u on it w/ the check which i appreciated and brought home as a souvenir! :) overall, the food wasn't to die for IMO, w/ buddy's shows and cooking/baking being his forte, u'd think his restaurant would be amazing food-wise, but idk maybe the chefs were having an off day or it should've been cooked by buddy himself lol... either way, i still adore the guy and will continue to watch his TLC shows happily as i have been since day 1!
5	Great Place to eat!!! Wifey had me try the garlic cheese bread.....OMG!!! was so Freaking GOOD!!! Highly recommend this place. Staff was great! Service exceptional! Ask for one of (Caleb's Tables). Food Amazing! I will keep coming back any time I am in Vegas.
3	Had chicken parm with a side of rigatoni. The chicken was dry and fair tasting. Not a great example of traditional Italian chicken parm. The rigatoni was very tasty, though could have used more sauce. Overall not a bad meal, but was expecting more from them. Pricey, but typical for Vegas.
4	Finally made it to my 200th review!!  I decided to use this special spot for a review on one of the best plates of spaghetti I've ever had, EVER! Hubby and I had been excited to visit Buddy V's since the construction announcement. We are big fans of Buddy's so we were curious to see what his restaurant would have to offer. This restaurant is located in the Grand Canal Shops. I'll give you a shortcut - if you enter from the side Walgreens is on, just go upstairs and you'll see the signage. Go in through the glass doors for the shops area and you're there. No need to go through the entire casino. His bakery is right across the hall. Hubby and I decided beforehand that we were going to split the Chicken Parmesan and split a Lobster Tail for dessert. We got a great seat over by the window in the main dining area. The entire restaurant is decorated really cute, and I loved the family photos. Service was attentive but only by our waiter's helper - our waiter took our order then went missing until time for the check. The assistant was great, he deserved all of the tip but I doubt it ended up that way. Chicken Parmesan was huge, definitely big enough to share. We each got a chicken breast and a large portion of spaghetti so I'm glad we split it. The spaghetti sauce was amazing, I'm still dreaming about it. Noodles were cooked perfectly. Chicken was cooked nicely, no complaints about the meal at all. Our Lobster Tail was a little hard though, like it was either over cooked or a few days old. Not flakey in a good way, more like shards of hard bread. And the pastry cream tasted like whipped cream, not what I was expecting for the price. We'll definitely be back but only for the Chicken Parm. Might try a different dessert next time.
5	This place is the best Italian food every! Everything was great. I come from a Sicilian family straight off the boat.  Just like Nona's cooking.  Would give it 10 stars if I could
4	Let me start off by saying that the food was amazing! And the portion sizes are crazy.  I went here with a group for a friends birthday and she absolutely loved the place. We were all pleasantly suprised with the food. The reason I gave this place only four stars is because of the service. The staff there were really nice but at times were too attentive (refilling the water after a simple sip...wait till my cup is at least half gone). All in all though I loved the place and so did all of my friends. We will definately be going back there next time we are in Vegas!!!
5	Great family style Italian restaurant and bakery.  Food, service, drinks, ambiance and prices are all great.  Loved the pasta, octopus, meatballs, sausages,  appetizers, kale side dish, fish and bread.  Desserts are to die for and awesome coffee and espresso drinks.  Speaking of drinks the bar menu is fantastic and the wine list is right behind it.  I don't go down to the Strip much for Italian, but, when I do, I go to Buddy V's.
5	Let me start out by saying that if you come here without trying the calimari you are making a mistake.. In fact you will want to come hungry and order more than one because you may not want to share... I ordered the smashed meatball sandwich with parmigian fries.. This was a 10! Great flavor and healthy portion size. I haven't been this pleasantly surprised by a meal in a long time. 2 thumbs way up to buddy v's
5	I wanted to start out by saying Buddy V's Ristorante was highly recommended to me by my son from the night before on Mother's Day. My boyfriend suggested we dine there for my birthday the next night. Being raised in an old fashion Italian family that cooked a lot, I usually do not like to eat out at Italian restaurants because the food usually taste too Americanize and falls short of true Italian cuisine.  Well, I must say I give Buddy V's a big 5 stars. Their food, Charred Octopus, Orecchiette & Italian Sausage (pasta), Roasted Branzio (seasonal fish), Italian Greens (Tuscan kale, garlic oil, plum tomatoes) was the best ever!! My whole crazy Italian family would approve! Be warned the tropical drinks are very delicious but very strong. I got cockeyed 1/4 of the way drinking from my glass. I ended the evening with a cannoli which I give a 4 star because I still think my Mom's cannoli were a bit better. I was a little disappointed they did not offer a SMALL comp birthday dessert however they did write happy birthday on my Cannoli plate with chocolate. Coffee was great tasting and the serves rocks! Everyone is friendly and attentive.  I love this place, I may have to come back for brunch!
5	Buddy V's was fantastic!  We had the meatballs, grilled octopus, salami and cheese plate, osso buco, veal parm chop and the "lobster" for dessert.  Great service, no wait with reservations!  Will return!  We live in Vegas and some strip restaurants are over rated.  However I do recommend Buddy's!!
5	I love it when a place holds up to expectations. Not that I had anything to compare it to, other than fancy, but family style strip Italian places. I can't wait to return. I will take the long annoying walk from valet for it, it's that good. My sister and I took my dad here for his 60'th birthday. We didn't want to be too fancy, but still wanted authentic Italian food. I am so glad we went out on a limb and tried Buddy V's! They have a selection of appetizers, most named after a family member. Then for entrees they offer pasta, meatballs, veal, chicken, tons of Italian classics! As a family of 6 Italians at the table, I can tell you we were very satisfied. My dad wanted a veal picatta. They have chicken picatta, and veal angelo, so they didn't hesitate to make him the dish he wanted. I went with a Sunday gravy dish, and it exceeded expectations. The appetizer platter of select meats and cheeses was phenomenal! Literally the best prosciutto and blue cheese I ever tasted. We skipped on dessert because of course we went across the hall to Carlo's! I am sure it was the same cannolis, but it's the point! This will be an Italian place I continue to come to over the years. It hit the spot!
1	I ate at the bar for happy hour. We really weren't planning on eating there but after going to Carlos bakery right before we thought we might get a snack here. Our bartender was cool at first and then became a bit pushy. The drinks were good. I got the sangria, my friend had a Bellini. So we each ordered a caprese salad and gnocchi to share. We received our caprese salads. It was a pretty good portion. We both agreed our salad needed some more vinegar and a bit of salt. It just tasted so bland. I love caprese salads so this was a real disappointment. We then receive ricotta cheese and bread. Neither of us touch it since we didn't order it. Then we figure out the gnocchi isn't coming. We eat the ricotta and both think the cheese is bland too!I won't be coming back. But food was a huge disappointment!
4	Short wait for lunch. Service was good and the drinks are strong. The salmon was excellent and had a balsamic reduction which gave it a nice sweet crust. Overall good experience.
5	Made a reservation through Open Table for my birthday. We arrived right on time and were immediately seated at our table. We were immediately given ice water which was much needed in Vegas! My husband ordered the Sunday Gravy and I had the Agnolotti which was a ravioli filled with a mixture of beef, pork and veal covered in a sage brown butter sauce. We also shares the garlic bread which we didn't really need because they bring you this delicious focattia bread fresh from the oven. During our meal the manager came by and chatted with us for quite a while about restaurants in Chicago he and my husband has both visited. He let us know that what I ordered was the best dish on the menu. We could have easily shares the Sunday Gravy between the 2 of us because we were so stuffed we had to order dessert to go! Bit the cannoli was delicious in our hotel room a few hours later!As with most great places in Vegas it helps to make a reservation so you don't have to wait. And I will absolutely bring my family next time we are in town!
3	The service was outstanding! Our 8 year old girls were cold and the Venetian sets the thermostat so there is nothing they can do about it. The manager brought over two tablecloths for them to wrap up in!The Sunday Gravy is very good. The cheese board is a bit average. The Italian fish was liked and so were the meatballs.The lower rating is due to the dessert menu. It is limited and not very good. We ordered the apple turnover, tiramisu, cannollis, ice cream, lemon blueberry cheesecake and the hazelnut chocolate cake. The ice cream is great, but not home made and the only other great dessert was the hazelnut chocolate cake. Everything else was very average. What a surprise!You have to walk by their bakery across the hall and you see the pastry chefs make these amazing looking desserts through a glass window, but none of them are on the menu! I expected fabulous dessert, but it was pretty disappointing.
5	Absolutely amazing. The food here is so fresh and SO good. The restaurant itself is stunning and the service is wonderful.
4	Very hard to find such a friendly place, even the chef came out to greet us! Shoutout to Chef Forgione. Great view and tasty food. The garlic bread and meatballs are a must!
4	We recently visited Buddy V's before seeing a show on a Saturday. The restaurant didn't seem too busy for a Saturday night, the view was pretty nice as the sun was setting. The noise level was a little high and we weren't thrilled by the seating. A lot of the tables were up against a very long bench seat which they all shared. This created a situation where we felt like we were having dinner with the two sets of people on each side of us.Our waitress wasn't too attentive, but our bus boy was pretty awesome! The food was really good and the potion size was huge. After eating my lasagne it looked as if I didn't even touch it. The most awesome part was the dessert... I love canolis! They were fabulous!! Perfect hint of cinnamon in the pastry and super yummy cream! My husband has the tiramisu which he said was also great.
5	We were super excited to go to Buddy's and were definitely not disappointed! Portion sizes were great and everything was presented beautifully. Our server, Georgio, claimed to be Buddy's godson and produced a picture of Buddy holding him as a baby, but I'm a natural born skeptic and wonder if it's true :) Nonetheless, Georgio was very attentive and knowledgable about the entire menu. He even told my friend that what she was planning to order was too boring and she would probably prefer something else! He made a recommendation and she ended up loving it! My dish was nothing short of fantastic and next time I'm in Vegas will definitely be going back! The bread before dinner was served warm with traditional oil and tasted soooooo good. My only suggestion is definitely talk to them ahead of time about how the checks are going to work. We felt bad making him split it a couple ways because it took a while in the system.
5	We love Italian Food, and we felt like treating ourselves. We had heard so many good things about Buddy V's, being locals, so we decided to give it a try. We were not disappointed. The service was impeccable - friendly & attentive. The server was knowledgeable and described the dishes well. We are "Wine Snobs" so we were worried about the wine selection, but to our surprise they had a great selection of Italian and Californian Wines, and the Server seemed fairly knowledgeable and recommended a suitable Italian Wine. And the food was everything we hoped it would be - classic, fresh, simple and delicious.  The restaurant was busy and vibrant.The kitchen is situated right in the middle of the restaurant, and you can watch the action. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
2	2 stars based on decor alone. Everything else was really unsatisfactory.  We were seated at a dirty table with napkins, a receipt and straws on the sticky floor. The hostess grabbed a towel and wiped it off but not entirely.  Still sticky and gross. We ignored that but the wobbly table was obnoxious. The server came over and ignored the garbage at her feet so I pointed it out and asked for something to even out the table. The busser brought by our share plates and mine had a nice long hair attached to it under my napkin. We ordered the garlic bread and meatballs. The garlic bread wad just that. Simple, not exciting, garlic bread, and the meatballs were very dence. We are both Italians and they weren't the soft flavorful moist meatballs we were use to. Just dence and dry. The sauce wasn't memorable either. The wine was fine, but we were just kind of turned off by then. I asked for the bill and got the wrong one. All together I really don't think we'd be back.
5	Took my 13 year old daughter there for her birthday dinner. She loves cake boss. We however brought our own cake and they were nice enough to store it in back.  Our server Perry was top notch and went above and beyond to please my entire family including finding candles for me because I forgot them. From beginning to end perfect service that complimented the tasty food.  You will not be disappointed.  Get a seat by the window so you can see the strip.  We will eat here again!
4	They did a nice job renovating the former First Food space. It feels more homey and approachable. The interior may skew towards an over-the-top, typical Italian restaurant  with red and white checkered tablecloths and a panoply of picture frames, but there are cool touches like the light fixtures and use of rolling pins throughout. The place doesn't reinvent the cuisine, but executes traditional Italian-American dishes with a few subtle modern touches to create one of the better Italian restaurants on the Strip.The eggplant parm app has plenty of great flavor, but could have benefitted from a crispier exterior. The dough of the aggnolotti was a touch thick, but the crispy texture from being pan fried was a nice touch. The sweetness of the sauce with the savoriness o the pork filling was great. The winner of the night was the huge brick sized portion of lasagna that arrived in a small cast iron dish. The mixture of proteins along with the boldness of the ricotta made for a wonderful combination that was only enhanced by the depth of a red sauce that any Italian grandmother would be proud of. For little ones, there's a kid's menu available. Among the items was a large order of buttered noodles that my kid loved. No meal is complete without dessert, and the nutella cake was a satisfying way to end it. It's their version of a lava cake with a rich, moist cake enveloping a gooey nutella mixture. A scoop of salted caramel ice cream accompanied it with a brittle underneath that added a good contrast in texture.The execution was solid and the dishes different enough from your typical Italian American joint to make Buddy V's a good choice among moderately priced restaurants on the Strip.
5	Been here for dinner before and loved it, so when I read about the Sunday brunch, I just had to come back and indulge.I'm here to share with everyone that this brunch for under 35 dollars is a steal!Fantastic fresh foods to meet everyone's needs. Charcuterie, cheeses, garlic breads, 5 carving station meats, panetone French toast, eggs, pastas, chicken parm, meatballs, killer tiramisu and other desserts. It's kid friendly too with a kids station even an adult would enjoy.The staff is on top of things and Asst. GM Adam Margolies is visible and easy to talk to.Sean was great to us last time for dinner, so from top to bottom, Buddy's has it all!
5	I was really surprised. I thought it would rely in its name to generate business. First thing is the service was excellent. Drinks were never empty and servers were friendly and prompt. The food was very good too. My son had Mac and cheese and said it was the best he's ever had. I had an Italian sub and Caesar Salad and both were delicious. We didn't have dessert but from what we saw that was probably a mistake. I'll definitely be back next time in Vegas.
4	Spaghetti was the overwhelming choice at the table and it was worth it.  The sauce is not a strong tomato taste as most Italian restaurants, almost had a light cream added to it.  The meat was perfect.  A lot of crumbled beef on the sauasage.   Excellent.  Would have been 5 stars with better service.  It seems to be a common theme in Vegas, mediocre service at the restaurants.  I think we asked for coffee 7-8 times before being served.  Just not very attentive and no sense of urgency.  5 star food and 3 star service gets you 4 stars.
3	Let me start off by stating the positive, the service was excellent. Our waiter was very attentive, efficient and friendly. The food was  average, a bit overpriced. I probably won't go back but had to try it.
2	The restaurant's web site shows that it opens at 11:00 a.m. That is incorrect. We arrived a bit after 11, and that, in and of itself, was a trial. Then, we waited...and waited. Finally, a bit after 11:30, the gate was rolled back. Second in line, we asked for a table by the windows (remember: empty restaurant). The er, um, "hostest" told us that THOSE seats were only for groups of 6 or more. By the time we left, 3 of those tables were occupied (out of about 10), all with parties of 4 or less.  Our waitstaff was attentive, as was the person who filled the water glasses and actually brought out the food. Both orders had been left under a heat lamp too long, and the one order, a pizza, was less than warm. The other order had much to be improved. We will not be returning, nor will we suggest it to out of town guests.
5	My husband and I come to Vegas frequently so of course when Buddy's opened we had to try it.  We experienced the best service of our lives, and we've eaten at 99% of the restaurants on the strip.  Our server Deanna was very attentive and friendly.  I will definitely request her table during my next visit.  The food was top notch quality food.  The caprese had amazingly fresh mozzarella, and the chicken parm was tender and delicious.  The cannolis are to die for....melt in your mouth amazing.  I can't wait to come back!
1	Total waste of time and money.They get a star for service - our waiter was quite personable and competent and the bartender made some tasty drinks. But that's where the praise ends. I ordered something simple: spaghetti and meatballs. It was very...ordinary. As in "I've had better at my junior high school cafeteria." Absolutely nothing to praise about the dish. I make better at home. So does the wife. So does Chef Boyardee, for that matter.The wife ordered the veal parmesan. It was a huge hunk of meat, on the bone, pounded way too thin and then burnt under the cheese. The cook obviously put it on too high a heat and forgot it for a bit. Totally inedible.For a place opened by a "cake boss," you'd think the desserts would be exemplary. Guess again. The rum birthday cake was so-so, and the cannelloni were stale and flavorless. Again, worthless food served in a nice room with good service.Save your money and taste buds and go anywhere else for dinner. Maggiano's is just down the block and light years better tasting. Heck, go to Battista's. It's a dive that's over-rated and still better than Buddy V's. Or just stay home, heat a can of Chef Boyardee and eat it while tearing up $20 bills. In the end it's the same experience.
5	My boyfriend and I were so looking forward to the food and the experience.  I will say it was very busy and we got right in to our table.  The wait staff is amazing!!! they were so attentive and they were never missing in action.  The lasagna was to die for and the portion was enough for 4 people.  If anyone is going there get the lasagna you will think you have died and gone to heaven.   For dessert we had the lobster claw with cream and berries again outstanding and enough for two people to share.  They also let you reserve on line. I would suggest that you take full advantage of that.  Some days are harder to get into the restaurant than others.  And online reservation makes it more convenient.    I would also suggest that you don't go home with out visiting Carlos Bakery which is located just across from the restaurant   I am going there again very soon and they also have a Happy Hour menu with lots of specials especially for all the locals.
5	Was there with family last night, the food was even better than the 1st time we were there.  I booked a reservation on open table & requested a view for my visiting cousins; they gave us a beautiful booth with an amazing view of the Spring Mtn corner.I can't speak highly enough of the server & buser...so on the ball that we never had to ask for ANYTHING! My cousins LOVED the experience; not just the food...it was a great night:)
5	One of the best birthday dinners, ever. The server and busser were so attentive, they could not have been more wonderful. In addition, the food was incredible. Homemade ravioli, yum. Oh and obviously, you're not allowed to not have dessert there :) Thank you. Delizioso!
5	Came in valentines day weekend for a 7:30 reservation. I was worried that they'd be slammed and food would take a while. Pleased to say that was NOT the case at all.Our server and bus boy were very attentive, made great recommendations and took good care of us. We are Las Vegas locals that braced the traffic and tourists to come check this place out because we are big cake boss fans. It was well worth it! I think their Mac n cheese was my favorite. It's hard to tell. It was so good we couldn't help ourselves, SO FULL!
5	Amazing food! Love the atmosphere as well. We had the nicest waiter and will definitely be back!
4	I was extremely afraid that Buddy V's Ristorante was going to end up being a case of "never meet your heroes." But luckily the food that they're serving was amazing and the service was even better. We had a designated person besides are waiter taking away our plates, bringing us refills on our drinks, and giving us the best service possible. The only problem was how long the kitchen took to bring our main courses to us. After waiting about 45 minutes after we ordered for our food it finally came, and with an apology from the manager. For desert we ordered the famous lobster tail which was amazing. Definitely go if you don't mind spending the money.
4	I got the cheese ravioli and the Portion was sorta small for the price. Atmosphere is casual and very family friendly. I'll come back an maybe try something else. Servers we're VERY attentive and even gave us appetizers on the house!!
5	Love this place! Their chicken parmesan is unbelievable!  It is a great environment and fun place to go.  For desert the lobster tail pastry is a must and is definetly enough for a few people.  So good!!
4	Overall the food was good, the service was friendly, but a bit bumpy and the wine was disappointing.  For appetizers, we shared the mac & cheese, salumi and mozzarella en carozza.  These were all solid dishes, with the mozzarella probably being my favorite.  Our entrees were brought out before we were even half way through the appetizers, but when I said something they took them away.  I was a little worried that our meals would be sitting under a heat lamp, but kudos to the staff for bringing us fresh dishes when the time came.I thought the wine list was rather lame.  I like wine, but am not an expert, so when I recognize a bunch of the wines as the variety I can find at my local Smith's, I am a bit let down.  I finally ordered a bottle of an Italian variety I liked, but when it came time for the sample taste I was almost tempted to refuse it.  It wasn't spoiled, but sure did taste as though it had been stored at the wrong temperature.For entrees, we tried the lasagne, Dad's Bucatini and spaghetti and meatballs.  Again, all the dishes were good.  I especially loved the Bucatini and would get it again.  Desserts were not quite as good as I expected.  The cannoli were fresh, but the filling was lighter than the ricotta I expected and overall had a strong cinnamon oil taste.  The Nutella cake was your standard lava cake that has been around since the 80s.  The coffee was nice and strong.
4	Can't wait to come back tomorrow!   Michele, Adam and the entire staff are fantastic!
2	The food was okay( something you can get at a regular Italian restaurant), the service was amazing, very friendly. Me and my husband were celebrating our one year anniversary and a day that special I would of prefer spending it some where, where they don't take your plate when your not finish. It was a Sunday and not that busy but it was like they were trying to kick you out. Not the best experience, never coming here again!
5	We went to Buddy V's on our anniversary for wine and cheese.  We were very impressed with the portions on the cheese/salumi platter.  The wine was delicious and the service we received from Pete our waiter was outstanding.  We will definitely be back.
5	We made reservations for 9pm we ran a bit late but ended up nabbing a great booth facing the main street. The servers are prompt and polite, we had very delish bloody mary's (mine was virgin) really flavourful. My friend had the chicken parm, he described it as cooked perfectly. I had mama's chicken holy smokes! Juicy and bursting with a medley of flavours. Loved the restaurant, a definite highlight. I look forward to the next trip.
5	Great service. Great food. Great atmosphere. My husband and I were looking for a place for lunch and stumbled upon this place. While I know of his show I can't honestly say I've ever watched it. The capresse salad was delicious! I had the penne alla vodka and it was too die for! And my husband had the meatball sub, which he also loved. We shared the Nutella cake for dessert and it was also good, but the salted carmel ice cream was the true star! I would highly recommend stopping in here for a meal!
5	Lasagna is amazing, Sunday Gravy is also awesome! Will return soon to try other dishes!! Deserts amazing also!
2	Made lunch reservations while in Vegas! I was super excited to try Buddy's restaurant! The place was casual, not very busy and our table wasn't ready. Ok fine. We were seated and it took us 15 minutes before anyone came to us. Mind you it wasn't very busy. Finally, waitress came over and filled our glasses with water and took our order. We got our appetizer which was like breaded mozzarella, still no beverages. :/ we had to ask the bus boy for our drinks. I ordered lemon piccata, dh ordered chicken Parmesan. It was all decent, but the terribly slow service really ruined the whole experience. With so many better options I won't be returning.
3	I'm a huge fan of Buddy, Cake Boss so we tried his restaurant. Food was amazing! Portions are very small for their price. We ordered pasta, thought the serving was too small for $28. But you can never go wrong with their desserts. Really the best!!! Cannolis and lobster tails are scrumptious! Tried them in Vegas and New York.
4	Came Here From California And Had To Stop By Carlos ' Bakery didn't even know that his restaurant was across the hall. only a 20 minute wait and they texted us when our table was ready which was very convenient.  all the staff is great, very nice and always made sure our water was full ! everything on the menu looked great and our part ordered a little bit of everything. the pastas are really good and full of flavor.  of course we had to try desert since the line at the bakery was too long and with my lack of patience I just figured we could eat at the restaurant and order some desert . BAMM best of both worlds.  wrong not all the deserts are available at the restaurant, BUT there are some good ones on the desert menu.the bathroom isn't in the restaurant, it's actually down the hall from the bakery across the hall, seems inconvenient but there wasn't a line any of the two times I went. Of course we had to try a canoli and of course we were not disappointed!  overall great restaurant with even better deserts.
5	I guess I missed the part of the show where Buddy went to Vegas to start a restaurant??  I'm a huge fan who occasionally watches episodes of Cake Boss and dreams about going to Hoboken to taste his food.  So when I heard about Buddy V's Ristorante during this recent birthday trip, my heart skipped a beat and I told my husband we HAD TO go!From the outside, the charming decor mimicked that of a quaint cafe nestled in the corner of somewhere in Italy (or so I'd think, since I've never been).  It drew me in!  I love how it felt homey yet upscale inside.  We had a reservation and were seated promptly.  Our food took a while to arrive but the taste more than made up for it!  I ordered Nonna's Lasagna.  Oh my!  It was as if I've never had lasagna before!  There were so many layers with meat and cheese that just melt on your tongue.  That good!  I wished my stomach were bigger just so I could have more of that lasagne.  It was a very generously portioned dish.  My husband ordered Mama's Style Chicken.  He loved his dish too!  Oh and don't get me started on the dessert!  Lisa's Warm Nutella Cake was perfect for my birthday treat - chocolate cake drizzled in chocolate sauce with caramel ice cream.  Scrumptious, to say the least!  They decorated with "happy birthday" and our server sang to me in Italian.  It was the perfect ending to a perfect meal.The customer service was amazing.  Our server was funny and accommodating.  We had our baby with us and enjoyed a memorable dinner out.  What more could you ask for in Vegas?!  Definitely one for the books!
4	Good buffet. There wasn't a lot of food but the dishes there were above expectations for a buffet. It is worth the price and especially bottomless drinks, alcohol (almost said alcoholic which is how I'm feeling after 4 days in Vegas lol) is worth the $16.99 price.
5	I will say this, it is nice to see service return to Veags in a big way. From the minute we walked in we felt like family. Awesome, awesome, awesome friendly folks and they really care. Food is fabulous.
5	Came in for the happy hour specials and a drink or two... Loved the grandma'a meatballs!!! And would go back just for that.. We got Mac & cheese, ricotta cheese, and the calamari.. Also a cannoli... The food was great and the service was awesome..
2	I had a reservation for 930 and the hostess was just crawling each time she took somebody to a table she was gone for at least 5 minutes.. I don't entirely blame her I would probably have a bad attitude if I was all by myself on a Friday night . The part that really mad me mad was that there were 2 managers just standing around doing nothing. When I asked one of the managers if he could help he said we had to wait for the the hostess and he couldn't help us. When we finally did get seated we were sat in the bar. That would of been fine but in the bar they had one waiter to take care of the entire bar area while the two managers sat and ate at the bar. The food took for ever and they even showed up with the wrong food for my mother and that took 15 minutes to get her food while we starred at are food till she got hers .the food was just alright and way over priced. I was disappointed
5	Food is absolutely amazing!! Perfect portion sizes and unique twists to traditional recipes. Try the mozzarella sticks as an appetizer. Delicious!! And not what you expect!! Service is personalized and impeccable!!
4	Went to happy hour and sat in the bar. The staff was nice but there was confusion about getting the happy hour menu. Ordered drinks and watched them sitting on the bar until I got up to get them. Finally spoke to the assistant general manager, Adam who listened to our concerns & he was kind enough to buy us a second round of cocktails. Service suddenly approved dramatically. The meatball sliders were fabulous & the drinks generous. No place is perfect, but I respect a place that goes out of its way to make things right. I'll definitely return.
5	Holy cow!!!!!  BEST Mac n Cheese ever!!!!  That's all we ate there, but WOW!!!!!!  It's a pancetta carbonara mac n cheese!  The ambience of the restaurant is fantastic!!!!  Some serious designing went into this place!  We were there in November, and the next time we are in town, we will DEFINITELY be going back to have the mac AND other things!  We went there twice just for the Mac!!!  Great wine list as well!  Cheers Buddy!  Job well done!  Got an autographed cookbook while I was there as well!  Yay yay yay!!!
3	There are too many Italian restaurants on the strip or in the Venetian for that matter to waste your time here. Service was kinda crappy. I was severely underwhelmed by the lunch menu and felt like I was at universal studios at buca di beppo. Tourist trap. 3 stars because it wasnt bad and price was fine. Just not great and certainly not worth trying while in Vegas. Oh and the entrees are splitable despite their up sale attempts. Again think buca's
3	The first impression I had was "housekeeping" they need to do some serious cleaning in that place! The chandeliers although very pretty were dusty as hell. There was a display of fake food on the right hand side... It was covered in black dust. I work in the customer service industry and I'm sure that the dust that had been accumulating was there for months. When I go to a establishment of that caliber, I expect it to be spotless. No excuses. About the food, the pasta was great but the portions were rather small. The chopped summer corn salad was a fiasco. It tasted like if the corn and green beans were poured out of a can directly to the plate. If the story was different than the one I'm telling, well taste and appearance didn't make the trick. Needs a lot of improvement. Definitely underwhelmed.
4	I came here Friday evening for my birthday.it was kinda hard to find,but when I did it was well worth it.very nice restaurant,open,clean and great atmosphere.we had a booth by the window with an amazing view of the strip.our waiter was awesome!! Be prepared to spend some $ for two pple it was 98.00. We got a Caesar salad,lasagna,lobster tail and shrimp dish.the lasagna was to die for...so amazing and dishes are very filling.most people were dressed in just shorts and thirst I felt overdressed.
4	The prices were reasonable and the food was very good. The waitress was just ok, I had asked to do a  doggy bag which she forgot. She was also supposed to find out a having a cake sent to my little girl, but she never did find out. I finally just left. I would definitely go back
5	This is a great family style restaurant!  The food is extremely tasty and is set in a relaxed atmosphere. I definitely recommend you stop here while in Vegas .
5	Really great food and service! Our waitress gave us several recommendations of dishes to try and we ate everything! The desserts were just as good as they look on tv, but taste like heaven! Buddy just happened to be in the restaurant and signed an autograph and took a picture with us. My daughter is 10, and watches his show everyday on Netflix, she said this lunch was the best part of our trip to Las Vegas! I have to agree, can't wait to come back!
5	Buddy V's is like eating Sunday dinner with my Nona. The food was traditional, impeccably crafted, and amazingly delicious. The service was beyond helpful, informative, and all around pleasant. The general manager Adam, went out of his way to chat with our table and surrounding tables several times. I highly recommend this restaurant for the good and the atmosphere.
5	The service at Buddy V's was some of the best I've had in Las Vegas. Everything about the restaurant is very warm and welcoming. The staff are friendly and attentive without being overbearing they where knowledgeable of the Menu and made useful suggestions. I had the Sunday gravy it was a nice assortment of meats sausage, lamb, and pork in marinara sauce. My girlfriend had the sea bass and gave it high marks. I don't eat fish so I can't vouch for it personally. We finished with the Italian birthday cake. It was very moist and flavorful without being too sweet. The price was a little high, but this is a celebrity chef with a restaurant on the vegas strip what would you expect. In the end we left satisfied and happier than when we went in.
5	O M G. If you are looking for homemade, delicious, traditional, NY Italian food- this is where you need to be. The food in this place tasted like home in Brooklyn in my mother in laws kitchen. The restaurant is in a wing of the Venetian and across the way from it, is Carlo's Bakery. (You can easily access the restaurant from outside the Venetain. Its above the Walgreens close to the Deuce stop. Almost like you are leaving the Ventian and walking towards Palazzo). The restaurant was very pretty with gorgeous views. The vibe is very causual, laid back, like you stopped by a friends house. Any clothing goes. No dress code. Not at all stuffy and pretentious like Giadas. (see review). We had a friend with us from Texas who had never had NY Italian food, so we had to take her there and see if it was authentic. Authentic it was. We started out with the mozzerella and Carozz that was amazing. I got the "Sunday Gravy"- which is exactly how we make it here. You get a bowl of pasta, with a seperate skillet of red meat sauce with meatballs (OMG delish), pork shoulder, lamb. My husband had pasta bolongese. Insanely good. My Texas friend had the lasagne. It was huge and she ate it for 3 days. All portions were big. The food was not pricey. The dessert menu comes in what looks like an old photo album, and it contains pics of a young Buddy and family with his dad, and then pics of him with his own kids. The whole place is decorated in family pictiures in frames on the walls. For dessert, we had the Nutella (yes Nutella) Lava cake!! OMG. Melted Nutella runs out of the center of this lava cake served with Salted Caramel ice cream. There are no words. Get yourself there  ASAP. You will not be sorry. It was so good, we went twice during out 10 day stay. Had to go back for lunch and got more meatballs, eggplant parm and 2 amazing salads. My new fav place in Vegas. Buddy needs to franchise these places out across the country. I hear Buddy is there monthly. Sadly he was there as soon as we got home to Nyc. Cant wait to go back.
5	Really fantastic food! We ordered the cutting board, Burrata, Charred Octopus salad, eggplant parm, Nutella cake and washed it all down with a bottle of Far Niente Chard!! What a day!!!
5	Huge fan of Buddy and his family and this restaurant did not disappoint. The bread they bring you is delicious. Our waiter (wish I got his name) was extremely kind and made small conversation with us which I loved. I got the cheese ravioli and it was amazing. My mother got the meat lasagna which was absolutely amazing. Definitely recommend that. My brother got the scallops and fell in love with it. The portions weren't huge (the turkey lasagna was a pretty good portion but the ravioli and scallops weren't huge), but were very filling! We had Canolis and lobster tails for dessert which were amazing. We had a great experience and it was 100 % worth it. So good in fact we are going back tomorrow for brunch!
5	Amazing!!! The wait staff was kind and attentive. Even though the place was packed, we were never unattended. I had the scallops and they were easily the best ive ever had. My mom had the turkey lasanga and it was so good. Definetely reccomend those two things.
2	So I love the food! Food is fantastic. Service was subpar. Our server Deanna seemed irked by our presence. If this is suppose to be a family friendly restaurant I definitely didn't get that feel. Half our party arrived and sat down and began eating. Then the rest of us joined them about 15 minutes later. We stood there waiting to be seated with our group for about another 10 by that time some of our group had finished eating stood up and left so we could sit. No one came to ask if we needed help as we stood next the table. Like I said food Amazing service Subpar at best.
5	Loved us some Buddy V's!So, full disclosure...I've never seen Cake Boss. I ate here because they had great reviews and sounded like the homey kind of Italian restaurant I prefer.Bestie and I were in a major hurry to catch our flight but had a hankering (and a reservation!) for Italian before we left Vegas.The hostesses were incredibly accommodating and let our server know we had a tight timeline.As a result, we sat, ordered and ate - including dessert to go - and drinks in a mere 30 minutes! Clearly a dining world record.Our server Kristin had impeccable recommendations. We started off with the caprese salad and then had lasagna and spaghetti and meatballs for our entrees. The pasta was cooked al dente as it should be. Everything was piping hot, fresh and flavorful. After the complimentary bread and breadsticks, there was no way we could eat all that food. Portions are this side of ginormous.The manager Adam came by to check on us and chatted about other Vegas restaurants we had been to even offering future menu suggestions for a steakhouse we had been to the night before. He clearly runs a tight ship while making sure guests are well taken care of and well fed.Will definitely be adding Buddy V's to my list of Vegas faves!
4	I went with my family for lunch, and was not disappointed. We had the meatballs for an appetizer. They were delicious and the sauce was so tasty.  All the food was made very well and the restaurant is very nicely decorated. I loved the dessert, so much better here than across the ways at Carlo's Bakery.  Service was great too.
5	This restaurant was really great! I went with my family at 11:30 for brunch and was very satisfied with my experience. The restaurant is huge and the little details make it special. You can tell that it is inspired by Buddy's family which gives it a homey and comfortable feel. The coffee and food was fantastic as well as the service. We ordered the eggplant Parmesan, buddy's pizza, pasta carbonara, calamari, caprese, spaghetti and meatballs, and the tomato soup. Everything was so delicious and satisfying. The dessert menu was a nice touch as well because it is like a family photo album which I thought was a nice detail. Service was excellent and our wait staff was very attentive. We ordered in advance from Carlo's bakery and ate in in the restaurant along with our coffee. Overall this place was excellent and I will probably be back in the future.
2	My mom and I went in here tonight around 7. The hostess was very polite and seated us right away. We sat ignored at our table for over 20 minutes, we were never even offered water. We finally left and found another place to eat. Very disappointing, we were excited to eat there and the food looked delicious.
5	I had the linguini with clams, my husband had the parm and my son had the spaghetti with meatballs.  It was all delicious!! The service was great and very family friendly not like some restaurants on Las Vegas that could be intimidating.  We alsohad the hazel nut dessert with the salted Carmel ice cream and it was just the best!  Love this place.
4	After trying to get a table at other places, we went here. It's not that we didn't think it would be good, but didn't want to go to yet another celebrity-associated restaurant. Enough with the names and prices to go with it. We were pleasantly surprised at how much we enjoyed it. There was a wait at 8pm on a Sunday night, so reservations help. We were told the wait would be an hour. We made reservations on-line and only waited 25 minuets! The decor is nice-- the ceiling light fixtures are cool. Big whisk attachments-cool use for them. They have an open kitchen and it smells wonderful. Lots of red and dark wood, feels very comfortable. We ordered a Caesar salad, garlic bread and panzenella salad to start. The Caesar salad was the best I've had in a long time. Very garlicky, croutons that were warm, soft with a little crunch and a hint of fennel in the salad.  Just the perfect amount of fresh Parmesan cheese. The panzenella was delicious with the same lovely bread, fresh tomatoes and a great dressing. The garlic bread was cheesy, dense and delicious. Just like you imagine good garlic cheese bread should be. For dinner, we ordered the spaghetti Bolognese ( for the little one), lasagna, and the Sunday Gravy. The little one wanted lasagna instead, so I traded with him. The kids' spaghetti was plenty for an adult ( I left half of it at that) and incredible. Some of the best I've had that I can remember. The lasagna, although expensive for what it is, was equally delicious. Baked in a cast-iron pan, it was warm, gooey and delicious, with a light tomato sauce on top. The Sunday Gravy was good, but he agreed that  the Bolognese and lasagna were infinitely better. We didn't order dessert, but those around us who ordered got cannoli, which looked fantastic. By the way, Carlo's Bakery is across from Buddy V's if you want something for later. We would definitely go back and definitely recommend!
3	So service was all right we were left hanging for quiet some time with tables being seated way after us getting their food a whole half hour before us. Food though was amaz, beware of in bone meal are going to be huge. Most of the food you can share with someone. One thing that was quiet confusing was the desert menu. There seemed to be lists but actually weren't. We had the conelies and we thought we got to choose between different types but really you get two big conelies that have nuts on one side and chocolate chips "cocoa drops" on the other with some syrp on the side. In the end really when in doubt just share with who eve your with because the portions are HUGE. And be prepared to sit with no service for a while.
3	We had a yummy dinner with a nice view of the strip. Three in our party got the surf n turf and the steaks were done nicely. The grilled lobster was a little overdone but had nice flavor. The vegetarian in our group had lots of options to choose from. The mixed drinks were good but pricey. I ordered tiramisu for dessert and it was amazing! The only complaint would be that when the checks were brought out we asked that they be separate as there were 5 of us at the table. The waiter went on and on about how he would have to go and separate everything manually and that to would take him about 20 minutes to do so and seemed irritated that we asked. I'm sorry, but all restaurants should offer the option to pay separately, especially when there is an odd number of people in the group who are clearly not dating. And even if it's annoying or a hassle, it shouldn't be voiced to the customer or make it sound like it is an inconvenience.
5	Best Caesar Salad I have ever had! Polenta croutons are an amazing touch. Dinner portions are small for the price but they still get 5 stars for the salad! Will be back every time I am in Vegas!!
4	Had a really good experience at Buddy V's.  Nice Italian food and truly HUGE portions.  On a Wednesday night, it was kind of like family night with a lot of kids in the room.  Speaking of kids, the kid menu portion were also huge.  As it turns out, 3 of us could have easily gotten a way with a single entree.  These were heavily cheesy meals with pasta to perfection.  What keeps the place from being a 5 is that the actual quality wasn't that special but it's a definitely above average offering and experience
3	It was good, but $24 for spaghetti and meat balls should have been closer to $17/18. The Caprese salad was also pretty unique and comes with a large tomato you slice yourself as well as cherry tomatoes.
3	Calamari is mediocre, like many other places in Vegas it is overhyped. They are not flexible. Bread is very tasty with oil and vinegar. The main attraction is the desserts. The Caesar salad has delicious cornbread croutons that are soft. Chicken Parmesan is well made not anything special. The chicken piccata is excellent and very flavorful. Tomato Basil soup is well but not anything special. The lasagna is on par with several franchise locations nothing extravagant. The Nutella cake taste like any other chocolate cake I could faintly taste the Nutella. The salted carmel Ice cream and raspberry sherbet is excellent and has a unique flavor. The cannoli is very good as well and is a must to order if you come hereI will say the service is excellent. Waiters are very attentive and are aware of their customers desires and level of drinks. The service is very friendly and insightful on the menu.      In conclusion many of the dishes are very normal tasting. The desserts are very good overall. It is overpriced for what you get in respect to food but I say it's good to try once. If you are in for the deserts the bakery across has the same ones but will have a long wait.
5	Best meal in Las Vegas in recent memory. Great service - thank you, Georgio.Amazing lasagna and linguini with clams. The croutons in the Caesars salad were warm and made of polenta. And the desert! the cannoli is what dreams are made of.
5	A must try when coming to Vegas! I tried the chicken Parmesan it was perfect, as well as the chicken piccata which was the best I've had so far. Meatballs were tender & flavorful as well as the polenta which tasted like butter. Waiter paired our wine to our meals & you have to try the Bombolinis!!!!! Amazing!
5	AMAZING DINNER! I went to Buddy V's with my family and was a bit nervous at first. I love the show and have been dying to try this restaurant since Buddy announced he was opening it. It was probably one of the best Italian meals I have had in a long time, the meatballs were amazing, great portion size and lots of flavour. The caesar salad was also good, very garlicky which I like. Next was the mains, we got a few but the most memorable were the shrimp pasta and the spaghetti and meatballs. Both had tons of flavour and great portion sizes. We were celebrating my 25th birthday and all I wanted was to try something at Carlos Bakery. The manager was incredible, he went across to the bakery and got me a cupcake because he knew how much I wanted to try it and the line was crazy. For dessert, we also had the apple pie, this was the only item we ordered I was not crazy about. It came out like a hard cookie shell and it was nothing to write home about. The waiter was very annoying, he kept trying to push us to order things and he didn't take no for an answer until we said it more firmly. However, overall, it was a great meal. The manager Adam was very nice and seemed to really enjoy his job. He was all about customer service and customer satisfaction. My only recommendation is people who dine at the restaurant should also be able to go to the bakery.
4	Got to try Buddy V's today with some co-workers... The atmosphere is open and has a modern with a hint of old world vibe going on. I had the Chicken Parm, which was a huge portion and was a great dish I will enjoy for dinner too! The smashed meatball sub and the Salmon were ordered by the others in the party and all said they really enjoyed their dishes! We also got an order of the garlic bread which was the right amount of garlic and cheese! The service was good and nicely paced! Overall great experience, great food and I would recommend this place to others! Sadly we were too full to order dessert.
2	My friend and I went here because our flight landed earlier, and we wanted to find a decent restaurant to eat in. We got there at around 4 and ordered a meatball sub and caprese salad. I didn't like how they didn't give us bread but instead some type of cracker. We were hungry, so we munched on until we saw our entrees.The meatball sub was decent looking with seasoned fries. The fries were tasty, but the meatball sub wasn't worth the money. It was tiny and tasted like it had been heated in the microwave. It was still passable if it was about $10.The caprese salad was not worth the $16 we paid. From left to right were a whole tomato, a small blob of caprese, about 12 cherry tomato halves drenched in dressing, and a spinach leaf. It was the tiniest salad I've ever eaten. Wasn't that good and definitely not worth the money.If you're hungry and don't want to spend over $30 for two people, try somewhere else!
2	Carlos bakery was too packed so we decided to go to Buddy V's Ristorante instead to taste some of the desserts. We sat in bar area and our waitress/bar tender was not good. She barely spoke, her hair was in my drink and she really didn't do anything more than what she had to. We witnessed another customer, 2 women waiting to be served. They started at the bar, moved to a table, moved to another table and waited and waited and the waitress/bar tender never helped them so they left. It wasn't busy either. As far as food, I had the Italian cake and I wasn't impressed. I'm not a cream person so maybe that's why I didn't like it.
5	Our initial plan was to stop by Carlos' Bakery at Venetian, buy some cannoli and leave. However the line was kind of long and we decided just to have an early dinner at Buddy V's cross the hall and get the deserts at the restaurant.The hostess was courteous and the waitress was very nice. We ordered Calamari appetizer, clam linguini and mac & cheese. Linguini was al dente and kids liked the mac & cheese. But the deserts were the reason we stopped by. We ordered cannoli and lobster tail. Sure they did not disappoint, the cannoli's filling was fresh and crust was crispy. The lobster tail's skin was crunch and filling goes very well with the fresh fruits. The price was the average Las Vegas casino meal price and the overall it was pretty good dining experience.
2	This place was ok, but nothing out of this world.  We wanted to try his pastries and have a drink. The line was super long so we sat at the cake boss restaurant to save time since they sell the same pastries in both. We had two pastries and a drink and water and the bill was $41dll I don't mind the price if it's good, but this was just ok, average. if you ask me its terribly over priced :( maybe my expectations were to high and that's why I seem harsh Lol. Save your self some money and just make the huge line for his bakery and don't waste your time and money at the restaurant. Line is about 20 minutes long. Service was terrible,  the waiter took forever to take our order and after he did  he took even longer to bring the drinks out, we just paid for the bells and whistles, which soumded more like beeps and toots, Lol
4	Very good food and service. It taste like good homemade Italian food. Huge portions 2 people could split a dinner.  I only gave 4 stars because. We were trying to have a nice dinner of just us 2. And the hostess puts a party of 8 right next to us when there were available tables not right on top of us. Plus they were extremely loud. It really took away from our celebratory dinner!
4	I will let you know up front I usually do not like celebrity restaurants because they are overhyped and don't seem to deliver value for the price.  There are a few exceptions to this rule and Buddy V's is one of them for the following reasons.1) As celebrity restaurants go, Buddy V's doesn't try to be trendy, rather it sticks to rustic italian fare and is very successful at it.2) Pricing is actually more on the reasonable side than ultra expensive.  For $38.00 you can get a fixed price meal of an appetizer, entree and desert.  I had the Grandma's meatballs which were incredible, light fluffy balls of flavor in a red sauce; a pasta dish consisting of Bucatini, a thin tube spaghetti with pancetta black pepper and egg(this was my favorite dish of the night and is worth going back for more), and closed the night with nutella cake which was delicious.  Everyone at the table enjoyed their meals.3) The service is fantastic. The waiter was very knowledgeable, guiding us with knowledge of all the dishes on the menu and providing prompt drink service and bread service. All in all a great experience for the simple Italian cooking.
1	Well we didn't get to actually eat here because the hostess wouldn't seat us. I had promised my kids a treat from Carlos' Bakery but the line was huge, so we decided to get a table here instead & have dessert & drinks. It was around 3:30 & as it was between lunch & dinner the restaurant was mostly empty. The hostess informed us that since we weren't actually eating a meal she couldn't seat us at a table reserved for people who were eating a meal.  Hmmm, in a mostly empty restaurant. We would have had a few cocktails each as well as desserts, & we always tip well because regardless of how much or little we eat, the staff still has to do their job. So I guess my one star rating is for the hostess. Maybe we'll be back some day...
5	Excellent service!!!Came here for lunch on Labor Day. There was no wait to be seated which was great.The Food is soooo good !!!!!! We ordered the Aunt Nina's mozzarella en carozza for an antipasto. Let me tell you that is a definite order again next time we go back. My husband ordered the Lisa  V's linguine & white clam sauce and I ordered the chicken parm. The servings are big that I could not even finish one of the pieces of chicken parm after the app. and of course saving room for the lobster tail for dessert that we shared between the both us because it is huge. It is bigger than the ones you get at the bakery across the from restaurant. Everything we had was soooo good and can't wait until we go back in the future to try something different on the menu but this time it will be for dinner to have a bigger selection to choose from than the lunch menu.
3	Went for lunch - I would give it 3 1/2 stars.The sauce was good, meatballs OK and service very good.If I had to go back, I would, but I would not seek it out.
2	Went to dinner at Buddy V's last night for a friend's birthday dinner. I had been there before, she had not but i raved about it. We had a 7:30 reservation and showed up a few minutes early. We were seated right away which is always nice. We had a great table with a view of the open kitchen. Our server came over to bring our drinks but it seemed to take him a rather long time. This would be indicative of the rest of the meal.  As we watched our server he seemed to have tables all over the restaurant so every thing we asked for took a long time. Come to find out the server did have a servers assistant but it would have been nice if he introduced this gentleman to us so we knew who to ask for what. The food was good but I would not go back again any time soon.
5	Amazing food, the ravioli's were to die for!  Excellent service, very professional and friendly.  Crazy good deserts, but that is to be expected!  Wonderful atmosphere with a great price point!
1	Went to buddy v last night for dinner.Unfortunately I won't be back.  I simply ordered the ravioli.  When it arrived it was so under cooked it was inedible.  I made comment to the server, who honestly handled the issue well and had the order remade.  Unfortunatly the second effort was only was only marginally better and was sent back.   Would not go back
5	Excellent service!  Food was incredible.  Location is super convenient. I had spaghetti & meatballs & hubby had meatball sandwich w parmesan fries. Everything was superb.  Highly recommend if you are in Vegas
5	Visited Buddy's restaurant 5 nights ago. My friend and I sat at the bar and were taken care of by a wonderful bartender Miko. He was pleasant, funny, and totally on his game as far as drink orders (ask him to make you something - he's got a few awesome drinks up his sleeve!). He definitely steered me in the right direction for dinner - the cheese raviolis are out of this world! We also had a few appetizers that ended up being a meal - grandmas meatballs were heaven, the mozzarella cheese appetizer was not like anything I've had before (in all the right ways), and the antipasti plate was this awesome combo of cheeses and meats and olives that I was swooning over. The only bad part? No room for dessert! Guess I'll just have to go back next time I'm in town!!
3	Met a group of peeps for lunch.  Our first discussion at the table was where is the best place to park. Well, it wasn't the Venetian, where I was lucky enough to park and walk from. Grrrr!  After getting the waiter to confirm, use the Palazzo Valet, but it's still a little trek. The waiter was super friendly and nice, even when I returned my soda, because it had a funny smell. I promise it wasn't me...I made half the table confirm it smelled bad. I asked the waiter what was good and he said many things. I mentioned the chicken parm, because so many people on yelp ordered it, and he said that was a good option. So I went for it.  Buyers remorse!!  It was decent, don't get me wrong, but the guy across from me got a burger that looked amazing!!!  Who would have thunk it...a burger at an Italin joint?!  Next time!The parm was ok, and most would probably love it, but I am super picky about my sauce, being raised in an Italian pasta sauce making family. It did have two big pieces of chicken, fried well, and not dry with ample cheese on top. I wouldn't throw it away, but it wasn't OMG, I am ordering this again.  I already know I will be ordering the burger next time. :PI also wish I had room for the lobster tail dessert, but I just don't. :(I would come back again, because I think this place could make me happy.  Just not a good start with the strange soda this time.
4	Had chicken parmesan and it was amazing, big, thin, lightly breaded and juicy. We also had grandma's meatballs which were great as well.I'm def coming back here next time im in vegas.
1	Terrible customer service and food was bland.They couldn't even make a chicken btl correctly, they "forgot" the slice of bread .  No apology fr the manger or chef.I don't recommend this place
5	Great food. Great service. Excellence at its best. The Assistant General Manager Adam Margolies was very professional and made my daughter's 12th birthday a very special occasion. Highly recommended
5	So I went here with my family and everyone ordered different dishes. I tried a little bit everyone's dishes because I just love sharing food, and I must admit this place is amazing. I ordered salmon and it was cooked to perfection. My nephew had macaroni and cheese and it was the best I've ever had. Service was even better. The view is just incredible of the strip and I loved the big windows with natural sunlight coming in. It perfect and I cannot wait to go back!
4	The staff has their job down to a science and that makes for a very smooth flowing dinner; never had to wait for anything. Meatball app was good- perhaps too much for two people. Chick parm was decent- not used to baked chick parm. Substituted spaghetti for rigatoni w/ meat sauce. Good flavor.
5	We went to eat at Buddy V's Ristorante, not knowing what to expect, neither my husband or I really follow his show. However, we were starving and figured since it was newer to Vegas it was worth a try...Absolutely delicious!!!! Everything we ordered was really good. The brick oven pizza was the best I ever had! We could tell that only the freshest and best ingredients were used. I liked the interior as well, it was modern looking but felt also had an old world Italian feel to it!
5	Excellent location with great service. The food was delicious and I enjoyed every bit of it. The tomato & basil soup was really great way to start off things and make sure you end it with their popular canoli. No complaints and honestly one of the better friendly services.
3	Our waiter was the best, funny and point. We were there around 8pm. Place was packed. Once waiter took our order it long to get our food. The food was ok. I ordered the Lasagne it was good. I had better.  Their portiions are big. I was not able to eat half of it. Also to heavy to have this late. I could not sleep.The desserts were very good. I will for sure be back for the desserts.
5	**This review is for their Happy Hour. Their regular menu is much more expensive. Buddy V's serves up decent, red-sauce Italian favorites and are a great bargain at happy hour prices. Of course, their desserts were stand-out delicious. The restaurant is located inside the Venetian and we had a great view of the Strip. It's also conveniently located across from Carlo's Bakery.** Buddy V's Happy Hour has to be the BEST KEPT SECRET on the Strip. We came here on a busy Friday afternoon and immediately got seated at the bar which had a decent view of the Strip. All their happy hour menu items are $5. Oh... you're expecting tapa portions, are you? Not even, two apps can easily feed a big eater, one app, depending on what you get, can fill-up a light eater. FOOD: Is not that great, but for the price and location, is fantastic. We got an order of their CALAMARI, which was a huge plate of fried calamari and fried peppers. Excellent. The calamari was fresh and the seasoning was perfect. We also got their MEATBALLS (3) and their MEATBALL SLIDERS. I'm a bit of a meatball connoisseur (if there is such a thing). I always order meatballs and Italian sausage, even at the best Italian places. Saying that, I think Nonna V's meatballs are okay, just okay. They taste very "homemade" but that's not a compliment. It was a bit mushy, and the marinara tasted simple. Definitely tasted like something nonna would make but not a high-end establishment. The bread used on the sliders was delicious. SAUSAGE SLIDERS were good too, very good quality of sausage. Of course the star of the meal were the desserts, I'd expect no less from the Cake "Boss." We got the CHERRY TORTA  ($9) and the NUTELLA CAKE ($9). Cherry Torta is the best cherry pie (for lack of a better term) I've ever tasted. It was served with ice cream and cinnamon crumbles. The nutella cake was served warm, ultra moist, and the filling was a gush of nutella flavor. Decadent and delicious. They also serve Illy coffee, which is the best coffee in the world, IMO. I browsed the regular menu and the prices were high but average for the Strip. Honestly, the food does not merit the regular prices. For example, their meatballs regular price is $13. Uh... no. But for $5? Hell yes! They have a prix fixe dinner for $38 and I recommend that. They also have reasonable happy hour drink prices too.Overall, I'm glad that I got to try Buddy V's restaurant and his food, as he's a great character on the show. But I'm even happier that I tried them at Happy Hour.
3	Casual place. Smells are fantastic. We sat at a window and had a nice view of the strip. Eats okay. Had the veal marsala. I hate to say it, but it is true, this doesnt hold a candle to the same dish at Caraba's.
4	We stumbled upon Buddy V's looking on Yelp for an Italian dinner while in Vegas.  We lucked out that it was restaurant week too, so we were able to try quite the variety of options.The restaurant is located in the front of the Venetian, so overlooks the strip making for a nice view at night.We started out with the cheesy garlic bread, which was huge and quite good.  We also had the meatballs, which were very flavorful and the red sauce was delicious.  For dinner, the other half had the chicken parmesan, which he loved. I had the linguini vongole, which is my go to usually, and I thought it was fresh and well flavored, and not overly oily (my sometimes complaint).We finished with a plate of all of their desserts, and every single one was good.  I think the cannoli may have been my favorite.I did not realize until know that this is the Cake Boss' restaurant, but now that I know that, I think he should be the Boss of an Italian dinner too.
5	Excellent dining experience! We reserved a table through Open Table and we didn't have to wait at all. We had a nice booth near the open kitchen. The wait staff was attentive and nice. Both of our dishes, chicken piccata and chicken Marsala were both amazing, film of flavor and perfect portions. Definitely recommend.
4	Had a blast with two others I was with. The server, Danielle was great. Very knowledgable and attentive. The food was very good, pizza and pasta. The two I was with enjoyed the deserts also.
4	Cake Boss Restraunt? Really?!? Yes. Bunt cake tins and rolling pins decoration. Not bad. They even got a good Dogfish IPA on tap!! Yay!!!! Pasta aldente. Look. I'm not Italian but I consider this home cooking by any standard.  I had the veal. Good stuff. Pricey but you are in the canal shops (whatever).Service great! I'll come back!
4	I didn't have my phone with me last night. Forgot to check-in. Bf & I wanted to go to Trattoria but it was closed because they were expanding. So we ended coming here. And it turns out that it was Buddy's place! Cake boss!!! Awesome!! Wait time was an hour, we put our name down and went shopping around to kill time. We got sitted in front of the kitchen. It was awesome to see the cooks say "yes chef!" Decoration had whisk, bundt pans, and rolling pins hanging off the ceilings. Cool! Yelpers said the portions are big so bf and I decided to share. No splitting fee. We got the calamari and chicken Parm. The focaccia bread was warm, soft, and perfect. The dipping was olive oil & balsamic vinegar. It was well balanced. Our order was taking soo long. Then our waiter came back with the wrong order for our appetizer. He was so confused. We were confused. He goes back to the kitchen and we hear the head chef get angry and started to yell at the waiter. The manager comes to our table apologize and pays for our appetizer. Great service!! Finally our appetizer arrived! Our calamari was perfect. Lightly battered, soft, and the sauce was great! It wasn't chewy! I hate chewy calamari! Our entree chicken parm was perfect as well. Well seasoned, lightly battered, juicy, thin, and huge!! No room for dessert this time.Next time we will come back and try the dessert too!
2	Food was good but overpriced. There are other restaurants in town just as tasty for almost half the price. I had high expectations for the Lobster Tail XL and was extremely disappointed. The size, first, and then the shell of the pastry wrapping the custard. It was so hard I could barely chew it, much less finish it. The custard itself was good though. The bake shop outside of the restaurant is all I'd ever go back for.  Their cinnamon cannoli's are much more worth the price for their quality.
5	Amazing service & food.We were served by charles and he was the best server ive ever had. He really knows whats hes doing . Buddy should be greatful he has him representing his business!! Charles gave us advice about vegas attractions, and gave us advice about the menu... boy was he right. Get the bolanase speghitti amazing!!!!
2	This restaurant was just ok for me.  We went on a Saturday for lunch.  Service was ok, but not great. The food was ok, but nothing outstanding.  Finally, the prices were high for what was served.  Now for more detail. My husband and I both had salads.  I had the panzanella, which is mozzarella and grilled bread on a bed of greens.  The bread was wet and mushy.  The greens had way too much dressing.  The good news: the tomatoes and cucumbers in the salad were delicious.  My husband got the Sicilian charred octopus. He said the octopus was nice.  The problem is, with so many outstanding restaurants close by, "nice" just doesn't make the grade.  Sorry Buddy!
5	I had dinner here early on a Sunday evening. Get here early enough and you can snag one of the tables overlooking the strip.I had the "Sunday Gravy" which is a variety of things - sausage, meatballs, lamb, etc. served with pasta and red sauce. Great dish and very filling. Dining companion enjoyed her chicken parm. Pricing is reasonable for the strip, but obviously you can get cheaper Italian food in a locals restaurant. Service was good. I'll be back.
4	Place is actually better than I expected.  Classic Italian food with huge portions and prices. Carbonara like spaghetti was awesome.Squid was excellent also.  Desert here was good. Had some kind of chocolate hazel nut cake with coffee ice cream. So creamy and fulfillling.Then We Walk Over To Carlos bakery.  :)
5	My husband and I were there for dinner last night because it was our 6th years anniversary.  I am a big fan of Cake Boss show but my husband never watched the show.  They served fresh bread and it was super good!  Then we ordered lasagna and seabass.  Lasagna was just okay for me becuase it was not made when ordered.  But seabass was awesome!  I am telling you all that I am not a big fan of fish but I loved it.  My husband said it was the best seabass that he ever had.  Then we got Italian birthday cake for dessert and my husband said now he knew why the waiting line was so long.
2	First off - the food was good.  I recommend the Mac & Cheese.  It all went sideways from there.A group of us decided to give it a try last week.  We got right in and the service was fast.  The server knew nothing about where she worked nor any details about the cake boss himself or the famous bakery across the hall.  We informed her as to who Buddy is.  Bad start for this employee we thought.Later that night we decided to give the bakery a try and experience the famous treats we had only seen on the TV show.  We waited in the long line and ordered our treats.  After we paid, I heard some construction noise and realized that a construction person was knocking bricks off the wall some 15 feet behind us.  In fact the debris actually hit one of our guests.  In the small bakery their is a small bar to sit at, but in this case that was even closer to the construction guy.  We asked the cashier if we could sit across the hall at the Buddy V's to enjoy our treats.  She said ok but to inform the host.We crossed the hall and asked the host if we could sit in the dining area that was in the hall, she said no that area was closed.  The restaurant was near empty and I clearly pointed out the construction mess as it was only 30 feet across the hall.  I then asked if we could sit anywhere inside to eat our already paid for treats.  She said no, I should go eat it at the bar inside the bakery.  Needless to say we left and found some tables out in the mall.  I can not believe that the same establishment from across I the hall would treat people so negatively.  I will not return given their lack of service.  Too bad, the food was pretty good.  They really need some training as to who they work for as well as the true value of a customer.  I will never go back for that reason.
5	Hands down, best Italian restaurant I've experienced. Italian food is my absolute favorite food and I have been to A LOT of Italian restaurants, but Buddy V's is by far the best. Everything about it was authentic...even our server! He was awesome! I had the Sunday Gravy. It's a pasta with sauce full of different meats. Everything about it was amazing. The Lamb was the best and most tender I've ever tried and the Italian sausage was amazing. The food was so delicious that we passed all of our plates around the table so everyone in our group could try each dish. The Mac and Cheese and lasagna are to die for as well! This is definitely a restaurant worth trying during your trip to Vegas!
5	Where do I begin? The food was to die for, the service was even better. Big shout out to Giorgio who educated us not only on the menu choices themselves, but on what wine to try with our meals and even dessert. He checked in frequently, as did the young gentleman who was refilling water glasses (I regret not asking his name). If you like Italian food at all, Buddy V's is a must try!
2	We went to Buddy's on our first night in Vegas.  The atmosphere was great and I really liked the decor.  Our waiter looked just like Buddy's cousin and had a great personality.  I started with a Caesar salad that had more dressing than lettuce.  the best part was the soft croutons on top.  A bowl of those would have been awesome.  Salad, not very good.I then just wanted meatballs and the waiter talked me into pasta and meatballs.  The balls were small and not very flavorful.  My wife had chicken marsala.  there were 4 full breasts in the order.  it was a huge portion.  She liked it.We passed on dessert in order to gamble sooner.  Overall, the food was ok but the price for what we got was too expensive.  The next night we went to Lavo in Palazzo and spent $20 more per person and had a way better eating experience.  Do yourself a favor, and stick to Buddy's Bakery across the hallway and skip the restaurant. Too many better options in and around the Venetian.
3	Service was good but food was just okay...the chicken parm tasted blan and over processed. The lasagna is great.
4	My wife and I was at Buddy V'S on 10/3/14 I had Lasagna, which was good but it could of been better with more red sauce, the portion was great the price was high 27.00, the Focaccia bread was outstanding, they put us right in front of where they cook and there was a lot of noise, our server did a great job!!
4	Came here for late drinks with a huge party so this is really about the bar service and menu.They didn't have a huge cocktail menu but whatever they served was pretty darn good.  It's good to see that even the Cake Boss knows you gotta spice up your drinks to make people get sloshed (like we did for a big reunion party).  I had a berry mohjito that was absolutely kick ass.  The bartender was also very friendly and did a good job of making sure the drinks kept flowing.The ambiance of this place is really nice and there's a good amount of space that can accommodate a large number of guests, making it a great meeting spot if you're part of a big party or celebration.
5	This was the answer to a several month long search for a simple but ass kicking great tasting Italian meal. It was a busy Tuesday night, so we took a bar seat and enjoyed the great bartending by Mike. We asked him about a wine, he said it was good. When he brought the bottle it was a screw top... I was a bit concerned with the screw top. We had the wine with dinner and enjoyed a great meal. We met some nice peeps next to us and had some great conversation and a most enjoyable evening. Thank you Mike and Buddy V"s for a most enjoyable time and meal. We'll be back. Highly recommend for great tasting authentic style Italian food, with a classy twist.
5	Had a great meal , very traditional Italian offerings !  I ate the Sunday gravy special & it was perfect - just like grandma's !  The atmosphere, staff, decor was all very friendly & roomy.  If your looking for traditional Italian that's fairly priced - you found it !  I would return for sure.
5	My first Buddy V's experience was truly amazing! It was Sunday Brunch so I was expecting the typical all you can eat eggs and bacon. There was nothing typical about the fabulous offerings. First the all you can drink package included way more variety than what you usually get at a "champagne brunch". The options included certain wine, beer, bloody marys, mimosas, sangria AND bellinis. We ended up trying almost everything and I can't say a bad word about any of it. The fruit was so fresh and delicious in the sangria and the red wine and champagne were top quality.  The service was prompt and the waiters and bussers were extremely attentive. Our glasses were never empty, our table was never dirty. The staff was also helpful in making sure we knew where everything was and offered suggestions on the food and drinks. Speaking of food... The first thing I noticed was that the food was put out in small batches to keep everything fresh. You could really taste the freshness. The Italian offerings were obviously great and I couldn't believe the antipasto area. Everything was so delicious from the fresh, perfectly cooked shrimp to the very flavorful meatballs. I barely left room for dessert. I was able to take one little bite of most things and well... there are no words!I can't wait to go back
5	Outstanding from start to finish. Caprese salad was great. The gravy dish was loaded with veal, meatballs and sausage. And the best part, the desserts!
4	Awesome atmosphere, awesome food, awesome location. Staff was friendly but not attentive (most into gossiping with each other). We ordered the calamari appetiser, chicken pasta and chicken parma. Everything was delusions and the calamari is a must have, however the chicken in the pasta was quite tough as it was reheated and not freshly cooked. Pasta on the other hand was al dente. For dessert we got the XL Lobster tail (if you have not tried this, you are missing out on a whole new world). And the trio of donuts (good but not something I would order again).
5	This was hands down one of the top places I've ever eaten. Amazing food, beautiful cozy and inviting atmosphere and the service was phoenomial to say the least! I believe our servers name was Georgio? Not positive on the name but he was spectacular! SUPER friendly, helped us find great drink and food choices based on what we were looking for. Answered  every question we had thoroughly, he was quick and effiecient, even made us laugh and took a picture for us before we left! Of course knowing this is the 'Cake Boss' restaurant, needless to say the dessert was on point. The drinks...they were certainly not messing around with a lack of alcohol but it wasn't so much to ruin the flavor of the drink! With their current special, depending on what drink you get, you can take the glass home. Overall lovely experience and I wish we had on in Kansas City!
4	The sea bass was very tasty. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars was that all I had on the plate was the bass and an itty bitty salad....more of a decoration. A small vegetable garnish would have made the plate. I think the plate was $29. It was overpriced for what was received
5	We had dinner here last night. The food was excellent and the service was out of this world. Our server was prompt, courteous, and funny. Our drinks, appetizers and entrees were out quick and piping hot. Lots of attention to detail. Overall a great experience!
5	I made reservations mid afternoon on Wednesday for our group of ten.  We were seated shortly after arriving and got sat next to a noisy group.  Our waiter was able to project his voice to go over some of his favorites on the menu.  We ended up ordering two orders of the salumi and cheese board.  I am allergic to fennel and was assured by the waiter that pasta dish I ordered was in the clear.  Several in the group ordered the  Sunday gravy and were in heaven.  The chicken Parmesan was also a hit (a dish I had on my first visit several months ago). One couple in the group ordered the  waiters favorite grandmas meatballs.  The bread and oil/vinegar was amazing as always.  The group was really impressed with the service we had.  Six of them had never been before.  They were very happy with our pick for dinner our first night in vegas!
5	The food was great and the service amazing! You feel at home and very welcomed as soon you walk in the door.
4	We had lunch there 11/10/14 while at the Venetian for a few things before we left town. The food was 4.5 stars, but the service was 3. Our actual server was a unfriendly dud. She was not pleasant and acted as if we and the table next to us was an annoyance. The servers' assistant however, was perfect! He was very polite and friendly, he took our drink order and kept them filled as well as boxed up my leftovers. The server took our food order (Hoboken Cheesesteaks - Delish!) but a runner brought our meals from the kitchen, she stood around leaning on the servers' station while we waited for our food and ate, then she turned around as if she were offended when I declined the dessert menu, then she literally dropped our check folio on the table. Yes, I realize they are famous for desserts with Carlo's Bakery across the hall but I had 2/3 of my meal boxed up because of the generous portions, we were stuffed! I hope they split the tips with the assistants because she was awful and the young man took very good care of us the entire meal, even my hubby commented several times about her demeanor and expressed that he wished the assistant was our actual server.
2	This food is like Ragu.  Really, I am losing trust in Vegas yelpers.  :PI got the special sauce with meat, the one with lamb, meatballs, sausage in sauce which came with some type of tube pasta.  The sauce was so bland.  Maybe add some oregano, basil, less tomato paste, I don't really know what it is.  The lamb was okay, the balls were okay, the sausage wasn't bad.  The pasta was nothing special.  Though if you go, hubby enjoyed the chicken parmesan, so give that a go.  We didn't stay for dessert, I wasn't feelin' it.But the waitress was fantastic!  She was really polite and I noticed she had a rude customer and she kept smiling.  The drinks were okay, the bread was eh and the Cesar salad was heavily dressed, but wasn't bad.  I enjoyed the croutons in the salad.
4	Delicious. The food was delicious. I had the Sunday sauce and it was amazing. Probably enough for two, so I had food waste guilt. The caesar was good, weird croutons, not really croutons but slightly crisped focaccia pieces... not so good. But the salad and dressing were great. But that sunday sauce......  yum.
3	The food here was good, but wasn't anything to rave about.We started with the fried calamari.  It was served with banana peppers, which I love.  The calamari itself was tender and not rubbery.We both went for the chicken parmesan.  My husband loved it, I thought it was just average.  I wasn't in love with the flavor of the sauce, so had to doctor it up with red pepper flakes and parmesan.The service was not that great.  Our waitress was pleasant, but never came around.You can get a decent meal here, but for the price, you will not be blown away.
5	Impeccable service.Great ambience!Fantastic view of the strip.BEST. FOOD. EVER. EVER!If I could, I would eat the chicken parm here every night for the rest of my life.
3	The food was not bad here but definitely did not have that wow factor. Mostly just skip the spaghetti and meatballs, the meatballs were quite the let down :( the calamari is great and the shrimp scampi noodles were on point but the rest of our food (spaghetti and garlic bread appetizer) was just okay. Ambience is cute and servers were nice and on top of drink refills and checking on our table.
5	Buddy has done it again! Not only is his bakery next door amazing, but his restaurant is great too. I've been here both during lunch and dinner, but at night it has a more dark tone with warm lights, great for a romantic night but good too for families. No matter what table you are seated in, you will have a view of the kitchen and the chefs. Our server Brittany was really nice and bubbly. I was having trouble deciding between the scallops and the chicken parm, she recommended the chicken parm and assured me that in case I didn't like it that I could order something else. But she was right! The chicken parm was delicious! I personally don't like chicken, but this was juicy and crunchy, covered with hot marinara sauce and cheese covering it all.  It also came with spaghetti marinara on the side. My friend was jealous and wish she had gotten mine. She ordered the seabass, which was flaky and good  too, but I still liked mine better.
3	The atmosphere is cool and view of the strip is nice. The bolognese was very good but the meatball sub was so-so at best with bread so hard the stuff in the middle spilled out everywhere. The house salad was nothing more than romain and the lemon vinaigrette was incredibly salty...like bathed in salt. Not sure I'd come back, so many other good options that are in the same general are.
4	Came here for dinner. The Bucatini is the best Ive ever had! Could eat it again and again.
4	Good southern Italian style cooking.  good meatballs which is key!  bone in veal parm was great.  reasonable prices and one of the few restaurants in large hotels with a window view of the strip
4	Very good... So much food we had a lot of leftovers. And the next day it was still awesome. I had lasagna and my husband had the chicken Parmesan (both our meals were so good). Nice place. Sucks cause we were too full to eat or have room for desserts. Happy note is Carlos bakery is right across the way. This place is at the Venetian.
5	Place was phenomenal,We even saw Buddy walking around with his wife, such a great experience.We went for the Brunch Buffet, I really cant find anything that I didn't like, all around a great package meal, plus we did the bottomless Drinks, from Mimosas to Bellinis and great beer. Awesome views and the service was excellent.Emily the Bartender/Server was on point, we broke two glasses and no one made a fit or said anything, they only care about your satisfaction. Ill most definitely be back for any meal on my next Vegas visit.
5	Was really skeptical when my husband told me we were meeting friends here for dinner. So many times famous television chefs have a restaurant and it is not very good...this was not the case with Buddy's!The service was exceptional. She recommended three different meals: Chicken Parm, Lasagna, and Chicken Rigatoni. We had the Chicken Parm, the Chicken Rigatoni, and I went for the Chicken Marsala, as it is one of my favorites. Each meal was delicious! There was not a speck left on our plates! I will definitely return AND recommend it to all,
4	We ate in the bar area, and thoroughly enjoyed the happy hour food and drinks. The atmosphere was pleasant, while the food and drinks were surprisingly good. Highly recommend the meatballs. The only disappointment was the service from server Miko. He was very chatty with a few tables, while short and dismissive with others. He would take your order, but didn't return to the table to check on you, refill drinks, recommend additional food items to order, take new drink orders, etc. On the other hand, the men and women who cleared the tables, refilled water glasses, brought out new utensils, etc were efficient and pleasant. If management reads these reviews, please pass along praises to your staff who work hard and deserve recognition for a job well done, while taking note of the one employee who seriously missed the mark.
3	So let me just start by saying the food here is amazing.  The drinks are meh, but the pasta was DELISH!The reason why my review is so low is because our server sucked.  I'm not some snooty restaurant goer either.  I used to work in a restaurant, so I know how it's not hard to be an okay server.  However, that being said, we were there for a Bachelorette dinner, and we had maybe 2 small interactions with our waiter.  He was extremely show, didn't check on us once, but decided to charge us extra for some souvenir cups we didn't ask for and failed to inform us that a smaller bottle of water was $10 each.  We waited for 30 min after we were done eating for him to come by to us and check if we wanted anything else or our bill.  Horrible service and really disapointed about this restaurant as I'm a huge Cake Boss and Buddy fan.  If the service improves by a lot, then I'll be back, but until then, I'd rather be checking out other restaurants on the strip.
4	I like the food here. Definitely a go-to spot when guests are visiting and need a family friendly spot for dinner where we can just meet them on the strip. The only thing is that they need new bust boys or more training. My first visit, they just weren't up to par esp on refilling the water. I don't remember too much on the last visit what my complaints were. It just wasn't good. Although tonight, it was crappy. My son was eating the cracker sticks and we placed the opened packet on top of the plates. The guy comes to pass out the plates but dumps the cracker onto the table. Literally took the plate and dumped it. Hello...my son was eating that and what kind of table manner/service is that. Then they came around with oil. He left and then a few minutes later came with bread. Our waitress finally asked if we wanted balsamic vinegar with it. I said yes, of course. I never had bread with just the oil! I guess the guys did that to the same table as well. Our waitress was good it's just the bust boys. They're not what I expect for a restaurant like that.
2	Food was ok. Host sat us at the bar when she said that the dinning room was full. After us a bigger party came in and they were sat in the dinning room.
5	We came in for a early dinner around 4 pm. Excellent service today from our server Brittney.  She knew the menu and gave us good recommendations. All our orders were excellent. We had the Lisa warm Nutella cake for desert that was awesome!!
5	First time here at the Cake Boss' restaurant. Quiet Monday so the place was not crowded. We were seated tight away in a nice circular booth with a great view of the Wynn.Our waitress was very helpful and went over the menu with us and brought us some hot bread while we made up our minds on what to order.We ordered the Shrimp Scampi and the V. Family Sunday Gravy. Delicious! The best Italian food and good value for the money.In addition to the restaurant, there is a bar and a bakery for take out desserts.Overall a five star experience...
4	My little sister watches a lot of Cake Boss, so we decided to come here and try Buddy's restaurant as a treat to her. The place is very family-friendly with a relaxed and cozy ambiance. Food is good, but I wouldn't say it was memorable. My family ordered different dishes (chicken parm, caesar salad, buddy's favorite pizza), and I got to try each of them. They were all good and the portion sizes are great, but they weren't rave-worthy.The service, however, was fantastic. Our waiter was so friendly and helpful, and we really felt like the restaurant was a cozy, family-oriented establishment. The service really made the whole experience more enjoyable - probably enough to come back a second time when I'm in Vegas again with friends or family.
5	Usually we find with celebrity places that the impression outweighs the quality of what we anticipate we are going to have. Such is not the case with Buddy V. The food was amazing from grands meatballs to egg frittata and red velvet cake. We went for brunch and between both of us tasted all we could with no complaints at all.The service was great and everything tasted homemade from family recipes. We didn't eat again the rest of the day and there was something for everyone (except fish) since its Italian.I do have a suggestion though:If you are eating at Buddy's how about providing a menu for the pastry shop across the way and having those to go orders ready and waiting. Having to wait in line shouldn't be something you have to do if you have already splurged on the meal.Pricey but worth it. Reservations recommended'
4	Very good meal, timely reservation and service!  My only complaint would have my balsamic salad dressing was below standard although the ingredients of the salad were good quality.  The Lasagna is a mega-meal onto itself.  The Tomato Basil soup was good and my wife loved her Spaghetti Bologanese.  The Raspberry Sorbet was excellent!
4	We spent NYE at Buddy Vs at the Palazzo. What a great experience!  The food was great, fresh and tasty and not too much, but enough to share tastes with everyone at the table. I had the linguini and white clam sauce, it was delish. I also appreciated that most dishes were slightly under salted. The flavors really came out. But, if you go for no other reason, go for Giorgio!  Even though the place was crazy busy he took the time to give us special service. I've been in family-run trattorias in Italy and that's how Giorgio made us feel, just as if we were in his family's kitchen. It's Buddy's, don't skip dessert!  We had the Italian birthday cake and, Giorgio you were right. It made me forget about run-of-the-mill tiramisu!
1	Our experience was terrible from the start. A wait for a table when the establishment was practically empty, then a long wait for wait staff to approach. We asked for water and my husband ordered a draught beer. After about fifteen minutes of watching the waiter stand at the bar and visit with a couple he clearly knew, I decided to approach and ask for a Coke and my husbands beer. He replied "we serve Pepsi" really curtly because I was interrupting his talk about cars. Then he seemed to try to recover and said "oh I'll bring your drinks in ten seconds sorry about the wait, it's so busy". In the meantime a couple was seated at the table next to us. They asked for waters and menus and never got either so they gave up and left. I'm not sure why we stayed at that point but we were having a good visit and were curious about the food. The bus boy was excellent. He eventually came around with some focaccia bread and brought two Pepsis (not a Pepsi and a draught beer) but whatever. There was no butter or olive oil for the dry bread. The waiter came and took our order. We nibbled on the bread and finished our Pepsi and after about ten minutes the waiter came around to "clarify, what we'd ordered... so he'd forgotten to place the order. The bus boy offered us more bread and I asked for oil and he gladly brought it. Our meatball appetizer arrived. Here's the really bad part: they were tasty enough, but there was a long black hair in mine. I'd been chewing it and partially swallowed when I started to gag from the tickling. I pulled it out and almost died. I'm really blonde with shoulder length hair... It clearly was not mine. We decided to call t manager over and he was actually really apologetic. The waiter dashed up and joked "I told them to put the hair in the dessert only tonight!" Ugh. The manager offered complimentary food and just about anything he could do to make up for it but it was too little too late, honestly. He offered free food to go or did we want some desserts to take with us but we declined, we were just too turned off by the whole thing at that point. Later, my husband (who never gets sick and has an iron stomach) said he didn't feel well and he thought the meatballs upset his stomach. I was floored. Since I'd not managed to get a whole meatball down, I was okay, just a little nauseous when I thought about that hair.
4	Much better than I expected.  Went on a Sunday morning so it was a brunch buffet that I did not partake in, so I only ordered Tomato Basil soup.  The soup was good, though serving size was small for the price and it didn't come with bread.  My wife got the buffet and really liked it and she snuck me some bread for my soup and that bread was also good.  All in all, for a place founded based on a TV show, it's really pretty decent.  However, it's overpriced.  As a bonus, the Carlo's Bakery is across the hall.
5	Great appetizers the calamari was exceptional with a good lemon flavor.....chicken parm was on point
4	This was our second stop at Buddy V's while visiting Vegas.  First you can't beat the location if you are a shopper.  The restaurant is located in the Canal Shoppes which is one of our favorite haunts while visiting.What always blows me away is the line across from the restaurant for his bakery, it usually is formed at least halfway down the corridor.  All I can say is the bakery must be delish....but I digress.We only had to wait 10 minutes for a table at lunch which you can sit in the bar or wait in the corridor.  We were seated in the bar area.  The best way to describe the vibe here is casual chic.  The restaurant feels very open yet has a Brooklyn restaurant feel to it.  Servers are dressed casually and make you feel very comfortable.I would have liked the server to be a little more friendly...don't get me wrong she was very efficient...just didn't seem happy to be there.  However she gave us great service and everyone has those days so it did not take away from the experience.I had the eggplant parmesan  which was HUGE and delicious.  No way I could eat it all or even half of it...but I sure did enjoy trying.  Hubby had the spaghetti and loved it.  The cheese garlic bread is like an entree on its own...perfectly toasted with yummy gooey cheese.We both enjoyed the menu as all of the entrees have special ties to the owner like My Wife's Eggplant Parmesan or Lisa V's Linguine, this just gives you the feeling of being in an Italian grandmas kitchen.Hubby ordered a Buddy V's lobster tail for dessert and I can tell you they look just like they do on his tv show...big and stuffed full of tasty goodness.  I only had a bite as i was still trying to tackle the eggplant parm but it was magnificent.This is definitely going to become a lunch tradition when we are in Vegas.  Great food at reasonable prices
