5	I have historically bought my bicycles at Budget Bikes in Madison. I still love Budget, but I cannot say enough good things about the team at Trek East. We purchased a road bike for my wife in March, 2012 and they have been wonderful about tune-ups, minor repairs and recommendations ever since. This past weekend my wife unfortunately took a tumble (well, actually, SOARED) over her handlbars while on a ride in Green County. Her drop bars and shifters were pretty banged up. We took the bike in to the Trek store and they immediately went to work re-setting her shifters and re-wrapping her handlebars, but only after what seemed like every person on staff asked if she was okay from the fall.Terrific, friendly service like this is priceless. Thank you, Trek East!
5	I was here on 2/16/14 for a Trek Store Bicycle Club event, and ended-up buying a Trek Farley fat bike.What a great store. Plenty of inventory, intuitively organized, great staff, tons of parking - there's not much else you could ask for.Highlights:+ Staff is SUPERB. Truly top-notch. Everyone that I worked with to finalize the transaction was friendly, knowledgeable, and just plain cool. It was a great buying experience.+ Speedy - I made the decision, finalized the details, picked-out some accessories, and was paid-up in maybe 10-minutes. During that time, the mechanics were going over the bike, attaching the pedals and bar mitts, and making final adjustments. + Great advice - Brian offered me some excellent suggestions; I took heed, and am so glad that I did. I've been cycling religiously for 6-years or so, and have been to a ton of bike shops. Not many are as great as this store is. I have some other faves, and this store landed firmly on that very short list of "great ones."Oh, also... I had long thought that Trek stores carried only "Bontrager" accessories. While it's true that the majority of the accessories lean toward Trek's brand, there are plenty of other options at the store as well.
1	Update, based on several additional visits and a very terrible experience with a service repair on my 7-week old, 60-miles of riding, Trek Farley Fatbike. Update is as of 4/19/14.It all started to slide downhill about three days after I purchased my Fatbike, when I realized I needed fenders. My first outdoor ride had me soaked to the bone, so I called this store and asked if they had fenders in-stock for the Farley. "Yes, but to make sure you get the right size, bring the bike on in, and we'll double check it," they said."I have the Surly Knard tires, which are 3.8" - do I have to bring in the bike?" I asked."Yes, it would be best, so that we get everything fitted properly," they said.So, I loaded the bike into my car, drove down to the store, unpacked my bike, put on the wheels, rolled it in, and announced that I needed fenders."Oh - we may not have any fenders that wide," they said. After a brief peek at the fenders section, "No, sorry - we could order some, and they'd be here within a week or so."(I could've ordered fenders online that I knew would fit, via Amazon Prime, and had them the next day, all without the hassle of going there with my bike...) It was obvious that they didn't have anything *close* to fitting - the nearest size fender was a 2.75" fender. Grr. So, instead, I went over to Revolution Cycles where one of the employees sold me his fenders for a great deal, and even put them on, no charge. Fast forward to about 2 weeks ago.I had ridden my Farley fat bike a total of 62.7 miles, according to my Garmin 910XT GPS watch. 99% of that riding was done on bike trails or across Lake Mendota. My house is literally 1 block from the bike trail, so my time riding on the road is *very minimal.*I was out-and-about on a dry, warm day, enjoying my Farley, when I discovered an odd creaking noise, coming from the bottom bracket. I was near Revolution Cycles, so I swung by and showed it to the guys there, who said, "Dude, your bottom bracket is fried. Take it to Trek - they should warranty it, especially with so few miles. That's unheard of."So, I called Trek and asked if I could bring my bike in to have it checked out. They said, "Sure, come on down!"That was on Sunday, April 6. A mechanic looked at it and thought it may have been the pedals; a quick swap didn't fix the problem, so he said he'd like to keep it for a bit to check it out and make a diagnosis. I told him what Revolution Cycles said and he said that he'd check everything out.Fast forward three days; I hadn't heard anything, so I called to check on the status of my bike. They hadn't had a chance to look at it, but would soon.Fast forward to Friday, April 11, and I called again to check on my bike. The mechanic said my bike was next to be looked at. He called back about an hour later and said that the bottom bracket was toast, and that he'd need to order a new bracket. I asked when it might be ready, and he said, "Sometime early next week." I said cool, and went about my weekend.I called again on Wednesday, April 16 to check on the status of my bike; they said it was just about to get fixed, and that it was unlikely to be warrantied. I asked how a bike with just 60-miles could have the bottom bracket fail and it NOT be covered by warranty.The mechanic said that the bike wasn't meant to be subject to such harsh conditions, and that it should have had the bottom bracket cleaned and re-lubricated after riding through snow or water. Folks, this is a Fatbike. IT IS DESIGNED TO BE RIDDEN IN THE SNOW AND SAND AND IN HARSH CONDITIONS. IT'S THE ONLY REASON YOU BUY SUCH A BIKE.The mechanic said I could talk to Bryce, the service manager, but that it was unlikely to be covered. I told him to continue with the repair, and that I'd pick it up when it was done.On Friday, April 18, I hadn't heard back from the store, so I called again to inquire about the status. I was told the repair was complete, and it was $50. As a courtesy they did the labor for free.  Hmm. When I went to pick-up the bike today, I asked several questions of the service manager: "Do you tell all customers that they need to clean and re-lube the bottom bracket after a ride?" "Do you see fat bike bottom brackets fail regularly?" "Why haven't my half-a-dozen friends who all own fatbikes seen bottom bracket failures?" "Doesn't it seem abnormal that a 7-week old bike with 60-miles would have a bottom bracket fail?"No help. None. Zilch. Just a repeat of, "the bike was ridden in harsh conditions and it showed corrosion, which isn't warrantied." Ugh. So... I bought a $2,000 bike that was designed specifically for snow, sand, and harsh conditions, and now I have to tear-it-down and service it after every ride or face failure of critical components? Sheesh. Me thinks not. Granted, the part was $50, and that's not a big deal, but to lose a customer over something so simple? Why?
4	Stopped in here just to browse around. The store has a good selection, being so close to Trek headquarters.The staff was helpful in narrowing down the type of bike that suited me, getting my measurements, and setting me up with a few bikes to test ride in the parking lot.
5	I stopped in on a mission. I wanted a more breathable helmet for summer riding and I choose Trek because I had a gift certificate. Being used to small shops where my friends are mechanics, I had my doubts that this shopping trip would be as enjoyable. Someone greeted me right away and was super helpful and genuine. He helped me find the right fit and talked through all my questions. I was out the door with an affordable helmet I love in under 10 min. You totally surprised me Trek, good work!
3	After much offline discussion with everyone from the Store Manager to the Technical Manager at Trek Corporate, I was contacted yesterday and issued a refund for the bottom bracket component.This was a nice gesture, although I get the feeling it was done with some sense of "we sort of have to do this" rather than "we want to do this." During my call, I reiterated that I have four other bikes that are ridden much harder and in much harsher conditions and have never had an issue with the bottom bracket. I also asked how or why none of my friends with fat bikes have ever had bottom bracket issues, despite them riding their bikes much more than I ever have. There wasn't much of an answer.So, the store came through and essentially warrantied the part, but I still am baffled as to why the bottom bracket is so susceptible to problems when none of my other bikes nor any of my friend's bikes have ever had issues like this. In a nice gesture of good faith, the manager offered to share some tips/tricks/techniques that he and his employees utilize for maintaining their winter commuter bikes. I'll take them up on the offer, with the hope that I don't have to revisit the bottom bracket issue ever again.Thanks for the assistance, the refund, and the offer to help - it's appreciated. Also, thank you to my Yelp friends who helped escalate the word within Trek Corporate - I am grateful for your care and concern!
1	Too expensive and rude sales people.  Enough said!
