5	Don Matesz's Barefoot Health Care Center is an amazing place of healing.  Don combines his expert knowledge of Traditional Chinese medicine with an expert knowledge in holistic nutrition to offer services that will change your life.The clinic is centrally located in Phoenix near 32nd and Indian School and is centrally located to most of the valley. His pricing is incredible and so cheap you don't need to worry about the hassles of medical insurance.  He works on a sliding scale based on your current financial situation.... basically you pay what you can afford, based on the honor system.  Don's goal is to help you get better, not to get rich.I can not recommend this place enough.... if you are in pain, taking medications, or are facing surgery, go here first.
5	Don Matesz and Barefoot Acupuncture has been an amazing blessing to my health. Over the course of a 12 month span I progressively started getting ncreased pain in my knees. It became so painful that I no longer could practice yoga regularly, or even modify my practice to suit my knee pain. Even yoga postures that were meant to soothe the knees hurt like no other. My knee caps were inflamed to the point that just walking hurt. Don worked with me over the course of a few months, every week, with acupuncture and Chinese topical ointments. His clinic works on a sliding-scale with no proof of income required so patients can receive multiple treatments without breaking the bank. After a few months, the pain in my knees completely subsided. It was such a blessing. His caring and compassionate ways are truly astounding!
5	Don and his wife are amazing...They offer such a wide variety of services from acupuncture to massage and many others...in fact when you go in the first time you may want to take notes because between the husband and wife team they are quite knowledgable and have many talents.  I had acupuncture done the first time in a long time and it felt amazing.  This is also a clean environment and very soothing surroundings.  My main concern with acupuncture is always how clean the person is and the certifications...They have all certifications posted in the waiting area.  You will not regret choosing this clinic!
5	I can't say enough good about Don and Tracy! I first started seeing Don about 4.5 years ago for acupuncture. I was pregnant and suffering horribly from nausea acupuncture pretty much rid me of it! Don has also treated me for anxiety, acupuncture has helped me be able to go weeks without anxiety attacks where before they were multiple times daily, to the point I would be almost incapacitated. I recently went through a huge life changing situation and if it were not for my Reiki sessions with Tracy I would still be stuck and struggling with the "Why?" instead of having the clarity I need to move forward. Every time I have a session with Tracy she is able to assist me in getting to the root or core of what is going on in my life, I am able to let go, move on, and release. She has really helped me to create some new positive forward movement and patterns. Barefoot Acupuncture offers the best in Holistic Healthcare. Compassionate, caring, knowledgeable, and affordable!
5	I've been going to Barefoot for about a year and a half to help with my arthritis. Don and Tracy are great. I use them for acupuncture, reflexology and chinese herbs. They offer more services as well. Both are very knowledgeable and always learning more and sharing with me. The office is very peaceful and clean. I always feel great when I leave. I highly recommend them!
5	Awesome acupuncturist. I've been to Chiropractors, osteopathic dr, and Other acupuncturists, but he is the absolute BEST.  He can always get rid of my back pain & only takes 1 session. Offers a great price and he & his wife are always kind and caring.
4	I've seen a few acupuncturists over the years and just tried Don for the first time.  I'm so happy to have found him.  He seems very knowledgable and he has a very comforting way about him.  I'll be a regular customer.
