3	Grade: CNeighborhood bar. Unimaginative food. Good prices. Decent service.
4	The Draft House is a great place to go if you're not necessarily up for trying someplace new and you are just looking for a nice time.  I mean this in the best possible way - this is a solid four stars in my opinion.  I find myself here a couple times a month because it is a proven commodity.  It helps that Verona falls between Middleton and Belleville, so I often meet my parents for dinner there.  My parents both really enjoy the place and the food is always up to snuff.  It may not be the most imaginative, but that's not what you really want at a bar & grill.  The menu is broad and covers a few styles, but mostly sticks with the tried and true burgers and sandwiches.  The appetizers are mostly familiar, but there are a few surprises to be found.  Last week my father tried the Irish Egg Rolls, which were basically egg rolls with a Reuben-style filling of corned beef, sauerkraut and Swiss cheese.  He was highly impressed.  My parents also love the spinach and artichoke dip, which is served in a bread bowl with vegetables and tortilla chips.  They often will just get that as a meal and split it.I personally favor the Baja melt chicken sandwich and the Cuban sandwich as my two stand-bys, while I've never gone wrong with any of the wraps or burgers in the past.  They also have deli-style sandwiches (roast beef, turkey, etc.) that are perfect for lunch.  There are also daily specials that often prove to be the imaginative touch that may be missing from the menu.  I've not gotten around to trying the homemade pizzas yet, but I've heard quite a few good reviews.  My father has had the Friday fish fry before and he seemed to like it; I've never been a big fan of seafood so I usually pass.  There are dinner entrees as well (steak, salmon, pasta, etc.) but I don't believe that we've ever tried these, mainly because we generally sit in the bar area as opposed to the dining room.  The tap selection at the bar is usually pretty decent.  There's always a couple of Capital selections, including their seasonal, and at least 10-12 others.  I've never tried out the bartenders' knowledge of mixed drinks before, so I can't say either way regarding that aspect.The restaurant is split into four areas.  The bar area is where most of the TVs are located and has about 12-15 tables with high stools and waitservice.  The dining room is to the rear and has pretty standard tables and boothes.  There is a lofted upstairs with a smaller bar.  There are a couple of pool tables and chairs along the railing, allowing people to watch the projection TV and look down on the bar area below.  Finally, there is an outdoor patio that looks out on Cross Country Road, also with waitservice.  I prefer sitting out on the patio or in the bar area myself.  The upstairs area is nice but it can get a bit smoky, since all the smoke from the bar area wafts up.  Downstairs is never that bad, which is why this is a four-star place for me instead of a three.  It works for me because my mother can smoke and my father and I aren't bothered.  I've been here a few times later on at night, and changes a bit to more of a local hang-out spot.  I've run into a few old friends from high school and generally had a good time, though for some unknown reason I'm completely unable to play pool at this bar.  The waitservice is almost always polite and prompt - once or twice we had to wait a bit out on the patio but that was coming off the lunch rush.  Parking in the lot can sometimes be a problem, especially during busy periods.  The lot will fill up, and the nearby street spots go quickly as well.  I'm really happy that Verona has a place like the Draft House.  It's the kind of place that everyone can agree on.
4	I have to admit that I am a little biased as Mike, one of the owners saved my life in the first Gulf War by killing a poisonous Sand Viper that was advancing on me with a shovel. Every time I visit the Draft House I've been happy with the service and food of this upper scale suburban bar and grill.  The beer selection is plentiful, menu solid and everyplace you look there is a uber sized HDTV.   The new menu is quite a bit more diverse that previous ones and I was quite surprised to find a Cubano sandwich on it, which pushes the envelope for local pub grub.  The crowd is pretty diverse comprised of young and old, families and regulars and the staff seems to make everyone feel at home.  Give em a try for a solid meal and a couple of drinks and make sure that you have Mike tell you the story about killing the snake!
1	I went here with a friend after finding that our original destination, Pasquals, was closed.  I was completely unimpressed with the food, service and decor.  The food was completely unimaginative and unoriginal.  My dining partner got the buffalo chicken salad which was basically four pieces of boneless buffalo chicken atop a bed of iceburg lettuce.  Come on, really?  A salad is the one dish that can be as creative as possible.  Boring, expensive (for what it was) and unsatisfying.  I had the turkey melt, which again was nothing great.   I expected a lot more from this place, being that it is a new establishment in an upscale neighborhood in an upscale suburban community.  If standard food is what you crave, skip this overpriced  cafeteria and head to Culvers.
4	I won $70 gambling there so yeah Im a fan!!
4	Christina L is an ignorant fool. The draft house is the sort of establishment that was built for enjoying march madness basketball games, taking the kids out after  soccer, and enjoying the company of friends. If you're looking for imaginitive recipes, architecturally impressive interior design, and talented use of rare seasoning, I suggest you waltz your narcissistic body over to a restaurant designed for such, and not a neighborhood pub. Fool...shouldn'ta been talkin' s***.
3	Service was very good here.  I dine with a 2 year old so service is really important to me.  Food came quickly and she came back several times to see if we needed anything.  Food was okay.  I had the French Dip. I would recommend asking to hold the mushrooms.  Normally, I like mushrooms but this was just weird.  My husband had the cajun chicken sandwich.  He said it was fine, a bit too cajun-y to tell if the bacon was included.  Be aware that the usually normal sides (like coleslaw) do cost extra.  I do recommend the extra for the coleslaw.  Only thing I truly did not like was the lemon in my ice tea.  It looked icky.
2	Besides the cuban sandwich, I have no desire to eat a the Draft House.
4	Have gone here twice after a friend recommended. Both times I had the pizza and left pretty happy. Nice thin crust pizza with good toppings and flavor. My dad had the French Dip without mushrooms and said it was excellent. Not sure what the rest of the Fam had, but everyone seemed pleased. Service was good and the waitresses were very nice. We sat in the dining area (separate from bar area). it wasn't anything special but clean and alright. Plan to go again sometime.
3	The Draft House is actually a 3.5 - 3.75 star establishment, but since good 'ole Yelp can't accommodate "partial stars," I have to go with a 3-star rating.  The DH is a solid place, and with a little more finesse (on the food side), it would easily score a full 4-star review.I joined a few friends here for a Saturday evening dinner; we'd never been here before and were in the mood for a burger, beer, and a casual dinner - the Draft House delivered on all fronts.The place was absolutely packed when we arrived - standing room only.  We found a tablein the large, open, downstairs bar area and within a minute of being seated, a friendly waitress came by to take our drink orders.  The Draft House has an average selection of tap beers - nothing exotic, but nothing disappointing.  We ordered a round of Capital Supper Clubs and browsed the menu.Appetizers looked excellent, with a few interesting options, including: jalapeno cream cheese wontons and "Irish Eggrolls."  Intrigued, we ordered both.Entrees ran the gammut, from salads and burgers to some interesting sandwiches, pizzas (which looked fantastic), and "platters."  Prices were more than reasonable.Our appetizers arrived, our waitress refilled our drinks, and we dug-in.  The wontons were excellent - nice mild heat, good flavor, and a perfectly fried crust.  The eggrolls got mixed reviews - a little light on sauerkraut was the general feeling, but all-in-all, a win.Our entrees arrived right on-time: a Draft House Burger, a bison burger, and an order of sliders.  The sliders and DHB featured what appeared to be hand-pattied beef; the bison was obviously of the pre-formed frozen variety.  The bun was a bit too big for the bison burger; the other two plates were perfectly-matched.We all tried a little of each other's burgers - the sliders were great, but a tad dry (in fairness, they were ordered medium-well).  The DHB was delicious - a perfect medium.  The bison suffered from being "pre-formed," but was cooked perfectly - it just lacked flavor and the bun was overwhelmingly big.The fries were excellent - waffle and crinkle cut all the way around.  We spent another 2-3 hours sitting at the Draft House, enjoying the many televisions, conversing with one another, and taking advantage of the excellent service - the waitress and staff were top notch.  We never wanted for anything, never waited for anything, and felt genuinely "welcomed."  Draft House = WINService = 4.75 stars (excellent)Food = 3.5 stars (good pub/bar food)Value = 3.5 stars (average prices)MISC = 3.75 stars (great sports pub, good seating)Summary: Don't expect a true "brew pub" or "dinner club" atmosphere - the Draft House is primarily a sports bar with a better than average menu.  Think of it as a local version of a Buffalo Wild Wings that features a more diverse menu.  Yes, it's going to be noisy at times, but that's half of the fun.
3	Just an a ok in my book.  We stopped by to get a take home meal and thought the food was good but nothing spectacular.   The bar itself looks like a kind of fun sports bar to enjoy with a group of friends but kind of small.  The menu is nice in it's simplicity but will be criticized for it's lack of diversity.  Whatever.  I like simplicity most times but their food needs something extra to wow me if I am to go there regularly.The waitress was terrific and very helpful even though I just ordering to go.  She got a nice tip  out of her good service.
4	The staff here is the best.  Always friendly and great service. The food is always reliable.
1	Unfriendly staff and piss poor food.  I was double charged for my food/drinks and was called a liar by the establishments onsite manager David, he said these kind of things only happen in places like "Washington" or "New York" and not Verona.   I'll boycott this place and spread the word of my experience.
3	Well above average service..Great TVs! Beer prices abit high..In summary,comfortable and fun.
3	Stopped in with Mad City Cocktail book after calling to see if we could use food portion for the fish fry..Phone answer was yes,server/ manager answer when ordering was no?? Had fish frys anyway.Ordered a fried cod and perch with companion.. Fish was average at best.. Service remains attentive and very friendly..2 star on fish,4 star on the rest..
3	Visited the Draft House on 1/27/12 for their fish fry, and am pleased to report that the fried lake perch and baked fish were both excellent.  I have a full review (with pictures and details) posted over at my own site (check my profile for the link) - sorry to do that to you, but I hate posting duplicate reviews/info.I've also updated my running list of best (and worst) fish frys in Wisconsin.Oh - new hidden gem from DH: spinach artichoke dip.  Yummo.
5	Great food, great staff, great atmosphere!! Staff knows us by name and remembers what we like to drink. Everything on the menu is good. Had the chance to sample the chefs "Green Chili" at a chili cookoff, excellent!To all the haters, stay in Madison, for your gourmet meals!
2	Slipping; primarily in the service department.A small group of us stopped-in while on our way to the Quivey's Grove Beer Fest.  We took a seat in the bar and waited for a server to appear.  After 10 minutes, we flagged someone down, and she said "I'll be right with you."She stopped to our table at 12:15pm; the place was less than 1/3 full.  We ordered some sodas, and asked for menus.  12:30pm - several groups wandered in, found tables, and were attended to in prompt order.  We were still waiting for our waitress to take our order.12:38pm - 22 minutes until the festival started.  Our waitress took orders from two tables near ours.  We flagged her down to place our food order.  Drink glasses were empty.1:00pm - the other tables had their food; their drinks were refilled.  We were stuck without food and without drinks.  We had been there nearly an hour and were now late for the festival.1:10pm - food arrived; she asked if we needed refills on sodas.  We said "Yes," and asked for our checks so that we could get a jump on making our way to the festival.1:23pm - no checks; food gone (we ordered light).1:28pm - we went to the bar to pay our tab.  Our waitress took the checks, and asked if we needed change for our twenties... the most expensive tab was $7.44.  Huh?  After an honest 1.5 hours of inattentive service she wants to keep $39 in tips?  Wow.The food was average; I think it's slipping a bit as well, but the service was what really killed this visit.There are some great servers here, but this past experience was comically bad.  All due to one waitress.  Bar/restaurant owners take note - your waitstaff is the #1 connection between you and your customers.  Invest in some caring staff, and it'll pay dividends.
4	This place is pretty nice for kind of a trendy sports/ divery bar. This place is gonna take some describing so bare with me. You enter through a door in the corner of the bar where you first see an ATM (hint hint) and then find some seating to your right and the bar straight ahead. As you walk towards the bar, the place kind of bottlenecks where you find the stairs to an upstairs, the door the outdoor patio and lots of bar height tables. The bar is runs almost the length of the building then wraps around a bit near the kitchen. BTW they make some GREAT bar food especially a patty melt that was soo good I ordered it immediately the next time I went. Anywho... They have a TON of draft beers and a TON of different liquors. Great big TV's right at the bar to be able to watch any game you want and then they also have a massive projection screen for some of the bigger games as well and to watch from upstairs.They also have some of the most friendly staff I have ever met in my entire life. THEY ARE GREAT! Great doesn't even describe it. They're jubilant! Yeah, that's right your learning new words!Anyways, Moving on to the upstairs, They have a pool table A SECOND smaller bar and another set of TV's! They also have darts and lots more seating up their. On most nights the upstairs is nice and quiet and not crowed at all so you can usually sneak in a couple games of pool and darts. Oh and this place is usually pretty clean but its a dive bar so spills can happen. Finally the outdoor patio wraps around the back of the bar just a tad and has some nice tables to sit at as well. Jeez, with all the seating you could sit a small town in there and it doesn't seem like that big of a building. Like I said it has some great staff, a nice building, and lots of seating. And great patty melts.. mmmm ok thats it i'm going to get one when i'm done with this review. Get on down there to watch some good sports, and eat and drink well without busting the bank. Watch out for the daily specials too!
2	My husband and I had lunch on a week day about  1:00. Our waitress took our order then went to sit at the bar and eat. Our food was brought to us by someone else. We had to ask for silverware and drink refills. Nobody ever came back to our table to check on us. If  they had come back I would have mentioned that my steak sandwich which I ordered medium well was very under cooked and my husbands burger ordered medium was very well done. We were one of two tables of people in the place. Would not come back. Service and food both lacking.
3	I gave this place a try tonight since I live nearby. I ordered the Southwestern Burger and Homemade (mayo-based) coleslaw. The burger was a bit larger than a typically-sized slider but not large enough to fully satisfy. The coleslaw was evenly chopped and not overbearing on the mayo. My SO ordered the Tomato Basil Tortellini and the sausage pasta dish (I forget the exact menu name). These were tasty, but the portions were small IMO. The service was quick, polite and attentive. Typical no frills American bar food restaurant.
3	There's a bar in Verona? What? Where? Down the street and around the corner from my apartment? Who knew.Draft House is definitely a nice change of pace and change of scenery from the typical downtown establishments. I didn't like that the bar seemed really isolated, but that may just be because I'm not the type to end my night at the same place that I started.At 1:30AM on a Saturday night, there was still a healthy handful of folks hanging out. I liked the two floor set-up and the laid-back vibe, but if I had my way, this would not be my first choice of late night establishments.
4	Very decent bar food and always extremely quick.
4	The restaurant accommodated our entire soccer team (40 people) and the service was great. Everyone's order was correct and the food was good. Will definitely come back next year during the local soccer tourney.
4	Went to the Draft House for lunch a few weeks back with family. Had a Turkey Melt this time around. Very good sandwich - the Sourdough was excellent and fresh. Grilled lightly and not overly greasy. The turkey, bacon and cheese all very fresh. I was pleased. My brother and mother also had sandwiches. All of us were happy. Service was prompt and polite. A good place to go - bar atmosphere but much better than your standard bar food. Separate dining area from the main bar too so good place to eat.
4	Standard hometown bar, great for football games and a cold beer. Also came in for late night and the service was super fast for a bar that was packed. Good place for a quick drink and a bite.
2	Food was good not great. I ordered perch and the others ordered walleye and cod. All of our food was lukewarm. My wife's walleye was like cardboard.  They took it back and gave her a free meal. Overall the service was below average. They should be better prepared for a Friday night to accommodate larger crowds. We won't be going back there again.
2	The service here was awful. My friend and I were immediately greeted and taken to a table. Our drink order was taken and then nothing. Eventually our drinks came, after about ten minutes. This was also a Sunday night and it was NOT busy. We were two of about 8 people in the entire bar area.Then we put in an appetizer order. Two more friends came to join us. They received their drinks, but no appetizers. At this point it had been a half an hour. Another person comes and ask us to refresh his memory about the order. Fifteen minutes later, we received our appetizer. What?!  45 minutes for southwestern rolls. Yeah.We asked about drink specials and were told about them. We both ordered off the special menu. At the end of the night, we learned that the special was a little different than what we were quoted. Normally not a big deal but never in my life has it taken the better part of an hour for four drinks and an appetizer.We did not stay for another. At least the appetizer was tasty.
