4	Starting in Lochrin Basin at Fountainbridge (just behind Cargo Bar and Tesco express) and stretching all the way to Falkirk and on to Glasgow, the Union Canal is a hive of activity. The canal itself is used by canal boats, rowers, kayakers and fishermen/women as well as ducks, swamp hens, geese, swans and seagulls of course! The tow path is a popular commuter route for cyclists, and is used by walkers, joggers, parents with strollers and dog-walkers alike. Solar powered lights have just been installed on the towpath from Lochrin Basin to south-western end of Harrison Park). For tourists, this makes a good stroll away from the city centre, with the opportunity to see plenty of wildlife (birds mostly, including ducklings, goslings and cygnets in spring) and flora. There are a number of good pubs and parks close to the canal, so it may be a nice way to combine a pub lunch or picnic with a scenic walk. YOu can connect from the meadows via Bruntsfield Links and Leamington Terrace or Viewforth. The canal and towpath are kept reasonably clean these days (except perhaps in one small area near Longstone where the rubbish bin seems to be rarely emptied). I've been a cycle commuter on this route for a couple of weeks now (through the summer) and have not had any real issues. There are stretches of cobbles (mainly under bridges where the path narrows and across the viaduct by the Water of Leith visitor centre), so the ride can be a bit bumpy, and there a few blind spots as you pass under bridges, so a bell is a necessity. Bridges make a good place to shelter if you're caught out in unexpected rain, and it often leads to some enjoyable social banter with other cyclists and pedestrians also waiting out the shower! You do not need a cycle permit to use the canal tow path in Scotland. I have used this route often as a runner and highly recommend it -- A good 10 km loop can be made by starting and finishing at Fountainbridge/Lochrin Basin, following the canal to where it meets the Water of Leith and the following the Water of Leith to Murrayfield/Roseburn, along the road to Haymarket and back to Foutnainbridge... though it is perhaps best to wait till the cycle commuter rush hour is over. The tow path surface is in various places asphalt/tarmac, concrete, cobbles and shingle/loose metal, but is generally smooth so suitable for sturdy strollers. Near Lochrin Basin the surface is very good, so would be fine for wheelchairs. Be prepared for a few midges, small green flies etc. Access to the canal is at a number of points, generally at most road bridges that cross the canal (except at Yeaman Place in Polwarth, there is no access from there).
