5	If you need your car done up right, THESE ARE YOUR GUYS!  I had my brothers car done today.  Now, when i say this car was toe up, I MEAN IT.  Seats were brown, carpet was the same.  TOTALLY SHOT!!! I figured we would have someone out to handle it as best as possible, say 50% of the stains removed.  I was totally wrong!! Gannon came out and made it look brand new.  They were on time, nice, guys that I plan on having do my mothers car.  If you need your car to look new, these are your guys.  Fair price, great work, and friendly....PLUS...they are Arizona born and raised.  Gotta love that. Thanks again Gannon....I will be in touch again soon.
2	I give this a 2-star rating because of the cost-to-service ratio. I spent $200 total on a Complete Detail Package plus an Engine Detail. The total time took 1.5hours, which is reasonable, and they did come to my work so I didn't have to miss any work time. 3 young men worked on my car at one time. At first I thought my car looked great, it was nice to have all the nooks & crannies cleaned and the upholstery washed. However, upon closer, but not that much closer, inspection, there were places that were not cleaned. As soon as I rolled down my windows, I noticed that the tops of the windows were not cleaned. The compartments that are the inside of the door, on the door, were not cleaned. My rear window had some 303 residue from when I last scotch-guarded my car's roof and they didn't clean that off. (All it would take is some acetone, very easy to do.)My car is normally quite clean as I'm the only person in the vehicle and I get it washed at least once a month, but I wanted the detailing to get to all the places the $10 car wash doesn't get to. When I found these obvious places that weren't cleaned, I felt ripped off. Since my car wasn't that dirty to begin with, they could have spent more time on the DETAILS of my car. $200 could have been spent much better. I would not recommend them and would not use their services again.
5	Fantastic service and work on my Toyota Matrix.  I got so much more than I expected!  Tracy
5	Great service, friendly staff and a sincere interest in helping us eliminate an odor in our car.
5	Anyone can take a machine to a car, but Steve is  not just a guy with a buffer, he runs a complete operation.   Every car's needs are different.  Mine was an issue of some type of industrial over-spray.His follow up was great, as was his concern for my complete satisfaction.  The best thing about Steve is that he's not done until you're happy with the results.  He truly stands behind his work.
5	Wow, cant believe the other reviews here had problems with Steve.  I found him and his job very professional and the work he did on my boat phenomenal (see my pictures).  We had years of oxidation on a 12 year old boat that made it look like a 20 year old boat.  He was very knowledgeable and was very clear about what was to be expected.  Not only did he get the oxidation off but he was cheaper than everyone else by at least $100!  If you ever had a boat detailed you would know it is not cheap and ours is 24 feet long.  He also was very professional and got right back to me as soon as I left him a message.  He also works great with text which is helpful since my busy schedule makes phone calls difficult.  He was able to schedule the work 48 hours after the original phone call and his work was great.   I will be using him again in the future.
5	Just had an exterior wash, polish, and sealant from the guys at Gannon and I am very impressed with their service. They where very punctual, showed up early for our scheduled appointment, very professional, both detailers where wearing uniforms and drove a clearly marked van and explained the detail process and what results to expect. Communication was great as my call for a appointment was returned almost immediately. When they where done my car looked 100x better than before, the light scratches and swirl marks that made my car look dull and worn where almost all gone and my car shined beautifully. Best of all they are competitively priced compared to other mobile detailers in the area. Check out after pictures of my car if you have any doubt!
5	Excellent job! I recommend you to everyone and I will definitely be a repeat customer!
5	I tried Gannon for the first time and was very happy with the entire process from making my appointment to the finish of my complete car detail. They came to my house and spent almost 2 hours making my car look great.  I had the complete car package and my engine looked brand new and my car is 10 yrs old.  I will use them again without hesitation.
5	Scott & Marco just finished detailing my '03 F-150 Harley Davidson truck.  Words cannot express how thrilled I am with the job they did.  Both were very professional, but willing to answer questions from this nosy owner.  This was well worth the price - in fact, I've paid more to a different company and got less.  I would definitely recommend Gannon Mobile Detailing, and will be a repeat customer!!
1	I contacted Gannon Detailing about a mini wash on my F350 truck, Steve went over what was included and we set a show-up time for a Saturday of 10 AM to 11 AM.  2 guys pull up at 130 PM in a Gannon van late. This 2 man crew seemed more interested in what was playing on their IPods then if they did a good job or not. An hour later they were done I paid them and they were gone. The next day I jump in the truck and my windshield is covered with the dried spray wax, it's like looking through a kaleidoscope, after further checking the whole truck has the un rubbed spray wax just specked all over, a giant mess.I called Steve and he gives me the dog ate my homework sort of excuses and referred back to the 2 IPod boys for more excuses. He didn't take charge and get it right. Complete waste of hundred bucks. You're better off some place else.
5	Just got my car detailed today inside and out and it looks great. This was my first time using Gannon and I was very happy with everything. My car is a 2007 and they made it look like it brand new. They were here early and finished promptly. I am so excited and thought it was well worth the money. Definitely would recommend them and will be calling them again!
5	Steve and his crew did an amazing job detailing my Armada. I know I have high standards and Gannon Mobile Detailing surpassed them! I appreciate the fact that they talked to me and looked at the truck to understand my needs and wants before just doing the detail package I picked. My truck looks amazing and I will be a customer for life! The fact that they came to my house so I didn't have to worry about getting back home was such a bonus too! A+ in my book. Thanks guys!
5	We had our 28' powerboat detailed by Gannon Detailing last week. It had been a few years and was overdue for a good cleaning and full service detail. Steve was great and responded quickly to my inquiry, and his team arrived as scheduled and did a fantastic job with our boat. It probably looked better than when we bought it from the original owner.  Very professional team, I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a local detail service.
5	We originally took our black SUV and dark blue car to another local detailing place.  The cars looked great when we drove them home but after a couple washes and a deeper look we could see that they just put fillers in the swirls.  We paid a pretty penny too!  :o/ I found Gannon on google and with all the great reviews I knew that we couldn't go wrong.  I had taken our cars to a few other places to get estimates- so I learned a thing or two about what would work.Steve knows his stuff!  He showed us what different levels of fixin' would look like.  He was honest and very professional.  I'm a good judge of character and can say that he's someone we'll do business with again.  His price was very reasonable and he made our cars look amazing!  It was a huge bonus having him come to our house too!  We didn't realize our Beemer was such a deep blue!  :)
5	Had some "Arizona pin stripes" on my black 4Runner. Contacted Gannon Detail to see if the scratches could be buffed out. I posted the amazing pictures! The exterior looks amazing and we are so happy!
