2	I would rate it a 3 since the staff was friendly, but the price is way too high for a building this old. Remotes for tv barely worked, must need new batteries, shower took 5 minutes for hot water. I might expect that from a $50/ nite hotel but not $100/nite off season with room overlooking a multi-lane road. Even the wall in shower was uneven & there was an open cut off pipe in the ceiling of shower. This place needs a real renovation to deserve those room charges.
3	Not a bad hotel to spend a few days at. Located along a stretch of road where there seems to be every chain restaurant known to man and just as many hotels. Yes, this location is a bit older and can use an upgrade but overall is pretty nice.Clean rooms with comfortable bedsFree breakfast each morningPool and hot tubExercise roomFree wifi in all roomsBusiness office to use for freeFree use of a terrific local health clubFree cookies and candy in the lobbyOn site guest laundryNew LG flat screen tv in roomNice bathrooms with super hot waterVery friendly and helpful staffConveniently located and not too far from Phoenix, Scottsdale, and Gilbert. Lots of shopping close by too with malls and other department stores. Also, many bars and restaurants within walking distance. Still, the surrounding area is a bit sleepy as most places close around 9-10PM. Ho-hum.Book on-line for discounts depending on length of stay, as five nights offered an 18% discount off the normal rate.
5	Good place to stay.  We have stayed there every year for the last five years.  (That should say it all)  The people are great and very welcoming.  The price is right and the location is great............access to HiWay, mall, and plenty of places to eat.
3	At first glance it looks like another chain with a clean well maintained landscaped and organized parking area.   The lobby looks like a big family cabin.   The front desk has freshly baked and covered cookies.  There is wrapped candy by the fireplace, fresh Granny Smith Apples by the door.  There is a coffee station by the time you reach the elevators.   My room was clean and a pretty good size.   The window faced the alley with dumpsters and an area of parking for the hotel.   I had two comfortable Queen beds, a modern new widescreen t.v. and bubble ceilings.  The bathroom water can be very hot.  The bath and face soap was good, however, the shampoo, conditioner and moisturizer was not.  The front desk was quick to provide me with many bathroom amenities, however, I only needed toothpaste.    There is a complimentary breakfast with canned tropical fruit which is quite good actually.   Fresh bananas, creamy oatmeal, dry cereals, yogurt, nuts, raisins, milk, 2%, tea, amazing waffles, powdered scrambled eggs, potatoes and sausage all well displayed.  The coffee was fresh and not good.   There are cheap looking danishes and pastries.  However, the whole wheat bread was moist and satisfying. The pool and jacuzzi area is comfortable, attractive and well maintained.  There is an outdoor eating area just outside the breakfast area.  Its a great area to sit back and feel the relaxing breeze and warmth of Mesa.   There is an exercise room, however, there also is a free shuttle service to a local gym.   This FREE gym was fantastic with all the updated modern exercise equipment.   Free working WiFi in my room.    There is a business center where I was able to print my schedule for work.  Their is a laundry room.The service provided by the employees was top notch.   Melanie, one of the shuttle drivers dropped me off at the local gym.   She knew I had a lobby crew check-in  coming up.  I was distracted exercising at the gym.   She found my number from the front desk and called me to ask if I needed a pick-up back to the hotel.   It was perfect.    Overall, this is yet another 3 star hotel with 5 star service.
3	Country Inn & Suites Mesa was just a notch below comoared to my previous stays at Country Inns at other locations. First, this hotel is not worth what they charge upwards of $165 per night or even when redeeming award points for a free night at 38,000. Now grant it is peak season right now in Arizona especially with Cactus League Spring Training underway so maybe the free night redemption and rates are more reasonable during off peak season but I am not sure as I live in Phoenix full time anyway. The reason why we chose this location is because we are loyal to the Country Inn & Radisson brand hotels plus this location is only 20 minutes from the AZ Renaissance Festival the primary reason for our stay which was a plus for us because from where we live it would be an hour drive to the festival.DISAPPOINTMENTS:Free breakfast for our stay did not include scrambled eggs, bacon or sausage. I am old school. Instead they offered folded eggs with some salsa in it. The rest of the choices were good from make your own waffles, donuts, bread, potatoes, oatmeal, boiled eggs, juices etc plus its free. However, the eggs are powdered so why not just keep them scrambled or at least still offer them as a choice? Our room had two queen beds and although the pillows and bedding were comfortable the mattress was too firm making it hard to get a good nights sleep.The AC Heating unit was loud borderline ridiculous and made it very hard to relax and sleep lets just say I did not sleep well and after spending the whole day at the renaissance festival I came home to my bed and crashed.The fitness room although adequate for a good 30 minute work out lacked a TV which made it kinda boring while riding the bike or walking the treadmill. There appeared to be a set up for a small TV but there was not one nonetheless.POSITIVES:Check in was quick and easy. Front desk staff were nice and Brittany called us about 20 minutes after check in to see if we needed anything and were satisfied with our room. Nice touch!Hot coffee, tea, cookies, fruit and hard candy were available 24 hours again nice touch.Again, fitness room was adequate for a 30 minute work out.Free wi-fi worked really well considering the hotel was fairly booked. Free breakfast.Clean property. Hot water. Ventilation fans in the bathroom!OVERALL:There is only a 10% chance that I would stay at this Country Inn & Suites again. But I would definitely not burn 38,000 points for a free night again nor would I pay the going rate which was up to $165 per night there are other hotels in the area that would have met our need to be close to the festival.
3	The room was wonderful. Just make sure you are billed what you are quoted when you make the reservation.
3	The hotel was clean, and the free breakfast was very good for a free hotel breakfast.  Most free hotel breakfasts are not worth it.   There is a small pool and hot tub with a large patio and pool deck right outside the buffet breakfast.  Rooms are nothing amazing, but we're clean.  They have a small gym with an elliptical, bike, treadmill, and free weights.  They also had a program for guests to use a nice full service private gym club 2 miles away which I took advantage of. Price was cheap, as well.  We paid 99$.
