4	I've used these guys for years and have never had a negative experience. They get you in and out quickly and the cost is only $15 dollars with a coupon or Yelp check-in. One note on Smog Hut, they don't have a free redo policy on vehicles that don't pass. Some places will redo a test for free but they usually charge quite a bit more. If you think you might not pass, be prepared to pay twice.
1	Thieving bastards! After passing my car the year before, the douche goes through the entire test then tells me the car failed because the vacuum lines "didn't look right."  That's right, the engine and emissions stuff is completely stock.  It passed on the sniffer,  no check engine light, but he failed me because the vacuum lines "didn't look right"So instead of telling me before he charged me 20$, he just went on ahead and wasted my time and money.I literally drove my car around the corner to another company's station, where it passed without a problem. 15 minutes later
1	And the owner left me a message insulting me and insinuating that I don't undertand smog laws after I reported the shady way I was dealt with!This is what she wrote, "In the future, please know the laws of the city you live in before leaving a derogatory comment suggesting my employees break the law for you."They failed my car, saying the vacuum lines were improperly routed, and they are bone stock. It passed the smog sniffer with flying colors. Passed for the last two consecutive years no problems without changing a thing.What arrogance, instead of fixing the problem, attacking the customer for pointing out the problem.
5	Great job! They honored a $15 coupon from the internet and they work Sunday. I'll be back!
2	I was really annoyed with my experience here! The guy was friendly enough was was talking to me about the weather and how I was from out of the state then my car failed because my check engine light was on! I was just annoyed because this is the first time I have had a smog test so I had no idea they cared about my check engine light (and the light is only on because of a censor that's messed up nothing that would effect my cars ability to be on the road) that and the guy sat in my car at the very beginning before the test why couldn't he have just told me it was going to fail before doing the test and making me pay for it??! I would have just gotten it fixed then come back but I am not going back there again that's the way you do business.
5	Convenient location, my second time there. Tech was really fast and nice and they honored my coupon. I'll be back!
1	It was a fast smog check..... But on the banner it says accepts all coupons. I brought a 9.99 coupon from purrfect auto. The guy there says he does not take the 9.99 coupons but will do it for 15!! Wtf! Last time I checked that was an any coupon!!!!!!
