5	My picks:Gummi Bear MartiniWolf's WingsAunt G's Spicy Mac & CheesePhilly CheesesteakCobblerBonus points for anything with the spicy fundido cheese sauce!This is a great new restaurant and bar up in the Desert Ridge area.  Awesome place to catch a game and the food is wonderful.
5	Came across this place by accident .. just happened to be at Desert Ridge Market Place and it happened to be opening day.The food that I tried was boneless buffalo wings and they tasted very good and also had a familar taste like I've had many years before that I've been craving for and missing for the last 5-10 years. On my way out at the hostess stand I complemented the guy up front which just happened to be one of the owners and I told him the wings tasted like the ones from the restaurant Players Bar & Grill that use to be in the Arizona Center (Downtown Phoenix). He said he use to own it but sold the location in 2003.So if you've been craving those boneless chicken wings from Players you've got to go ...it's a MUST!!My friend had a salad with steak on it and he said it was yummy.I will definetly be back to try more stuff!!!The atmosphere feels like a casual family sports bar.  The staff was very friendly and helpful. They have a big menu and lots of food to try and their prices are reasonable too.
4	SO happy to have a new sports bar/restaurant in the Desert Ridge area.  I have been twice since they opened and have to say the remodel (formerly "The Office") is fantastic!  My first visit I was served by Kim at the bar and she was very friendly and professional.  High Five on customer service.  I ordered the filet which was priced exceptionally well.  However, it took 4EVER coming out of the kitchen so I just packed it to go.  They also forgot to put my side salad in the bag.  I understand for a busy opening week there are lots of kinks to work out.    Second visit, I tried there chicken fried steak.  OMG.  It was so delish.  Even had a little bit of peppery spice to it.  The portion is enormous so be prepared to share, get a doggie bag, or have an incredibly bloated tummy,Overall, very happy so far!  I will surely be a regular.
2	Went there for the first time. both of us had a burger, the bun was weird, the meat was overcooked and tasteless.  We sat the bar and the dirty glasses were right in front of me and I really don't think that should have been.  However, the other person in our party had salad and said it was good.  I think that it needs some work on bar food if they are going to make it.
3	I am long time listener to Wolfley on the radio. I came in to this restaurant with really high hopes. My buddy and I went on Monday night, and while the deal is 20% off steaks on Monday nights, I went with the chicken fried chicken. My appetizer was really good, I had the golden ravioli. My buddy doesn't like ravioli in the least, but I had him try it fried, and he loved it. The multiple televisions had the Saints at the 49ers. A good mix of fans, who showed up mostly a little after kick off. For dinner, as I said previously I had the chicken fried chicken. It was dry, the mashed potatoes it came with were cold, but the gravy was good. My buddy had the buffalo chicken sandwich, and he liked the sauce on the chicken, but the roll was hard. The waffle fries were very good though. As the game progressed, by eyes got the better of me and I had to sample a dessert. I went with the cookies and cream. Hot chocolate chip cookie, Vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream. While I kicked myself after the fact for ordering a dessert, it was very good. One thing I didn't really understand was the lack of beer specials throughout the entire game. I guess Budweiser was 3 dollars for a pint until 7, but it is a football night... at a sports bar... Maybe I'm crazy, but I would expect at least a little more. The food while not great, had some high points. My low point of the night was when the bill came. We politely asked the waitress to split the bill, and she obliged. When she brought the separate checks and I went through my itemized bill. The problem is that she brought 2 copies of my buddy's bill. Easily forgiven as human error, I'm happy to forgive. When I got her attention to explain the situation she proceeded to tell me that no, I was wrong and she gave me the right bill. That the 2 descriptions were not the same, and even if they were the change was the only thing that was different between the 2 and so just pay. Now... I've never punished a waitress for the food, or the ambiance, or anything of that sort. I pay her for her SERVICE. I am a 25-35% tipper. I work in customer service and understand how it can be difficult sometimes. This time she got 6% tip. I'm not a customer is always right kinda person, but admitting mistakes is a huge part of customer service. That was TERRIBLE customer service. All of this was not a enough to dissuade me from coming again, although next time I will probably sit at the bar, as bartenders normally have a better understanding of customer service. I want to like Wolfley's, I really do. But as for now, I'm going to have to say I don't.
1	Just thinking about the "meal" I had tonight makes me want to throw up - literally.  I was going for something healthy.  Ordered the seared ahi tuna, asparagus, and side salad.  When it arrived, first sight, I said to myself "blach!"  Yes, maybe i ordered boring stuff but at least try and present it nicely!  The tuna came in a huge, thick square that was grayish brown. Ugh! Not really seared. Just brown.  Cold. The least they could have done was sliced it up pretty. It was this huge hunk and like over an inch thick....just thinking about it....all brown and gray and cold and raw inside...Asparagus was so dry and was a bit brownish. Really cold.  Salad was a bit of iceberg w/ dressing on the side.  My mom ordered a pulled bbq chicken sandwich. Meh.As I was walking out I was looking at other people's food.  Nothing special to look at at all. Never going back even if the rest of my party wants to go. I'll just walk over to In-n-Out and camp out in the parking with my burger box until they're done.
5	I must have gone to a very different restaurant than reviewers like 'Donald S'. Average beer selection? In addition to the standards, they had Left Hand Milk Stout and Stella on tap. Aesthetically, the place is pretty nice. Lots of TVs everywhere and the place is tall enough that I don't feel drowned out by music/broadcasters like I do at some other sports bars.The service was pretty decent. Both times I came they kept my drinks topped off and stopped by often enough. They knew the menu well, which was good because there were enough choices to where I had to ask questions. The appetizers unfortunately took a while to come out, and I had just barely finished them when the entree came out. The food quality was great and surprised me. The Cajun Chicken sandwich was very good, though I thought it could have been spicier. They have different hamburger buns from the norm and I thought they tasted much better. The portions were very generous, I couldn't even finish my fries.
3	Tried Wolfleys tonight for the first time. It's been open for about a month.  I had the salmon, mashed potatoes and greens based on a recommendation. I was pleased. The only negative was that the greens were wilted and soggy. Probably from sitting under the lamp waiting to come out. My husband had the spicy mac and cheese. He enjoyed it. Had a kick to it. We had the filet mignon sliders as a starter and they were excellent. I have about a dozen more things I want to try so we'll go back. Service was ok not great and obviously a month old. Hopefully it'll get better. Server didn't ask if we wanted dessert. I guess she assumed we didn't. Don't ever assume anything. Always ask. Disappointed in the draft beer selections. No Sam Adams?
4	I debated between four and five stars.... I have been wanting to check this place out for sports and finally did this past weekend. I went here on Saturday to watch college football and have a few beers with friends. When we got there, the host (possibly the manager, not sure) greeted us immediately. We asked if we could watch the Washington vs. Oregon State game (Go Huskies) and if it would be possible to get a table for six. He took us towards the back of the bar to a huge booth with a giant big screen right next to us. He asked, "Will this work??", well "Hell YEAH this will work! Thank you!" We are off to a good start:) Our super friendly server listed all of the beers and gave us some pointers on the menu. We got a couple of drinks and then decided to eat something. Let me tell you, they have something for everyone here. They have small bites, appetizers, salads, burgers, steaks, full entrees, and desserts; the selection is huge. We settled on some small bites to share and ordered some more drinks. All in all, this place was classy yet laid back; something that is rare in Phoenix / Scottsdale when we are talking about sports bars. Zipps is a nightmare and Fox is expensive; Wolfley's fits right into the gap because they're reasonably priced, chill and accommodating AND they have good food to boot.   Oh, and they have a great patio with an indoor/outdoor bar, and I'm pretty sure I spotted Cornhole, YES!They are a great addition to Desert Ridge and I will definitely be back!
4	Wow, didn't know what to expect initially. Once we entered, we were blown away. It was probably one of the classier Sports restaurant I've seen. Ron Wolfley really put a great touch to this place. There were nice booths, nice high top tables, a big bar, and about 5-6 very large flat screens to watch all of your favorite sports.When the menu was handed to us, I was blown away. $18 for a 14oz aged ribeye? Sign me up! We ordered that dish, plus a Wild Jack burger.Once the dish came, we quickly dug into the ribeye. Wow! It was cooked to perfection, excellent seasoning, and was super moist. There were an abundance of sides to choose from, we chose onion rings. Apparently they also gave brocolli and the shredded onion strips. On to my burger, what else can I say? It had everything you wanted for a burger, nice sized patty, perfect taste when you bit into it, excellent mix of spiciness with the jalapenos and jack cheese. I had excellent waffle fries as my side. Yum yum yum.We were pretty full after the meal obviously, as we totally underestimated the large portions.I must say, this restaurant had pretty "high end" menu selection for reasonable prices. They even had lobster ravioli for about $12.99,  some pasta, wide selection of pizza, good selection on wine and drinks.I would highly recommend this restaurant to any sports fans and families who enjoy a higher end setting for pretty reasonable prices. Hope I can meet Mr. Wolfley next time and get a signature from him:)
3	Service good, menu TOO long.The appetizers were DELICIOUS!!! Drinks a bit pricey but with the delicious fried ravioli- who cares how much the beer cost ( it really was pricey). I'd go there for the good service, and delicious fried ravioli. YUM!
5	Best spinach and artichoke dip EVER!!I have been here 4 times in the last 2 months and have had a great experience every visit.  There are plenty of options to choose from on the menu and the atmosphere is great.  Plenty of TVs to watch your favorite sporting event.The staff is great also.  I can't wait to go back.
3	I met a friend here for happy hour the other day and was very pleasantly surprised by the re-invention of the place. It's a nice set up, especially for a sports bar. The menu is huge! I'd gotten there after my friend, who'd ordered a couple of things already, so we just split them. The nacho's were pretty underwhelming. They were supposed to come with chili, but ours was left off so we got a bowl of it from our bartender. Come to find out- what we thought was salsa was actually chili! Cold chili. And almost sickeningly sweet, cold chili. Blech! Aside from that they were just boring, not very cheezy nachos. Blah. We also shared the chicken quesadilla. Thankfully this was really good. It wasn't a wimpy "taco bell" kind of quesadilla either. It was fat and stuffed with chicken, cheese, and all the goodstuff! The quesadilla saved my opinion of this place from being a total loser. I will return and try some other things before I write it off completely.
4	Expect to find me here every single Sunday during football season. Think Fox Sports Grill with slightly inferior (although cheaper) food but way better TVs and seating options. And don't get me wrong, the food's not bad, it's just one of those places with a GIANT menu so I haven't stumbled upon what they do really, really well yet, although I'm certain I will.Anyhoo, pretty standard drink prices, Bud Light drafts were $3.25 and my Greyhound was $5. And as Geoff L. mentioned before me, you can get a variety of giant steaks for under $20, which is insane.The newest thing that secured my patronage to Wolfley's in addition to the million and a half high def TVs and the lovely hostesses who seat you according to your team allegiance for your viewing pleasure, is the NON-SMOKING PATIO!!! I mean, there is nothing that drives me more insane than living in Phoenix and wanting to enjoy this incredibly gorgeous weather we're having only for it to be RUINED by plumes of cigarette smoke being blown in my face. Not in Wolfley's thought! All outdoor seating is non-smoking and smokers actually have to leave the confines of the property to indulge, which I'm sorry to any smokers but KICKS ASS!So yeah, Wolfley's now has my heart on Sundays. And I will continue my quest to find the perfect menu item that pushes them to 5 stars!
2	The atmosphere is very nice for a Sports bar, however, the food and service were not impressive.  We went on a Sunday for lunch.  The wings were good, but the rest of the food was very average.   We waited a long time for the food to come and it was not very hot when we received it.  I realize we were there at a busy time, but found our server too busy to check on our table and take care of our needs.  We even waited for our bill!  I probably will not go back.
3	The service was VERY slow, but it was rather busy for a Tuesday night. We had a large party (8) which may have added to the wait. Refilling beverages took forever. I thought I was going to die of hunger before they brought out my dinner. But once they set my Pulled BBQ Chicken sandwich down in front of me, I forgot all about. Oh, cheesy goodness! My BBQ sandwich was smothered in their cheese sauce creating an amazing taste that danced on my tounge. Seriously, this sandwich was amazing! The sweet potato fries were almost as great. Everone seemed to enjoy their meals. I will be going back to enjoy that cheesy goodness again!
2	Very nice server, but the food was just ok and I would not go back. I had the beer brat and my girlfriend got the Cheesy Dream Burger. The brat wasn't very good and the bun was too big for it. The burger was better, but nothing great. The cheese dipping sauce was a let down. Also, the pretzel mozzarella with tomato sauce was also just ok at best. It's a decent place to watch a game though, at least for how it's set up.
4	Ok, let me start by explaining the set up. I'm a recovering chunk muffin, and was eating out with more liberal (food) minded friends, so this is the perspective I'm writing from.Everyone else in my party ordered a burger, which came with mountains of onion straws, tons of french fries, and fountains of cheese sauce. They were all happy with their orders. They were in food heaven!I, in my fragile state, ordered the seared ahi tuna with a side of broccoli and the roasted asparagus. So very sad. They sent out to me five small pieces of broccoli, and three (3) spears of asparagus. I felt gypped, big time.  The tuna was very well done and tasted great. I really, really, really wanted more veggies. Mr. Wolfley himself was there tonight and came over to our table. He was very genial and personable. The guys in my party enjoyed chatting with him about his radio show, and he was super laid back.The ambiance was great, the setting was comfortable and not obnoxious, but I'm feeling pretty sad about my meal. I rounded it up to 4 stars, because my party enjoyed it so much.
3	We live about 1 mile from Wolfley's and tried it for the convenience.  We had a lackluster first meal there, so I had to fight to convince my husband to go back.   We went when they had just opened and the servers were clearly lost and disorganized.  That is no longer the case.  I have now been here 3 times and we like it enough.  It won't be our favorite spot, but the highlights for us are the strong cocktails, broad menu and good kids' options.  The kids (toddlers) usually eat their meals and are nicely subdued by the loud noise and distractions.  The best part is the bean bag toss game on the patio, which kept them occupied while we waited for our meals.  That alone is enough to bring us back, especially when we need a little "us time." The food is decidedly average.  Nothing special whatsoever.  And the service can be very hit and miss.  But if you get a good server, it can be a nice, relatively inexpensive, relaxing night away from the kitchen. If you live close, it's definitely worth a try for the patio dining and kid-friendly atmosphere.
4	Besides the fact that I love Ron and his morning show, he knows how to cook up some damn good grub. I had the ribs that were apparently harvested from 14 cows. Everything was high quality and I can't believe how many TV's they had rolling. Wolfleys knows how to do it up.
4	This is a fantastic addition to North Scottsdale. Wolfley's is a large, upscale sports pub with a professional bean bag court. The food is above par, as is the service. Pretty much a no-brainer if you're in the area. Everyone I know has good things to say. Good luck guys!
2	Decent food, really good service, noisy ambiance.
1	Went there last night and were completely disappointed. When we first arrived there was a wait of "25-30 minutes", so we walked to the bar and got a drink. After waiting waiting 50 minutes we were finally sat. We promptly ordered our appetizers and meals and this is when the waiting really began. It took 55 minutes for our food to come and when it finally arrived at the table, the only thing that was hot were the french fries. The sandwich, pizzas and pasta were ice cold. After looking at our plates we asked our waitress (who was a great) if we could speak with the manager. The manager came out and before we could even say one thing he said, "I just want you guys to know that all your food will be comped tonight. Our kitchen is having a terrible night so for how long it took and the quality of the food we will comp your meal".Now while I appreciate him for doing his job and comping our horrendous meal, I have no clue how that food even left the window. When the food looked like it had been sitting in the window for 20 minutes and someone brings it out that cold, its nothing short of ridiculous.Moral of the story is, that if you have 2.5 free hours on a Saturday night to eat insanely poor food and to get frustrated go to Wolfley's. If you want good food and tv's to watch games head elsewhere.
4	Wolfley's has everything you could possibly want in a local bar/restaurant with lots of room and walls of TVs. The menu has a ton of choices, making it a great place to bring a group with mixed tastes.  I am a wing fanatic and Wolfley's Cajun Buffalo wings were the best flavor I have had in years. If nothing else, I will be back for these!
4	My first impression of this place was that it had to be part of a big chain. The branding and overall experience of the place wreaks of commercial chain. But, come to find out, it's local. I really think they would benefit from showing that they are a local establishment. They had some great beers on tap, making our short wait pleasant. The menu has a huge selection of really good stuff. Staff was kind, prompt and professional.The food was very good. My wife and I will be back.
1	Total failure in execution on a take out order consisting of 2 dozen  wings (which I thought were good last time) and a custom pizza. The wings were soggy and and had little flavor. It also looks like some of the pieces were not fully cooked. The pizza was an abomination that had a base resembling a straight-from-the-freezer-isle pizza in consistency and taste. After my second go-round with Wolfley's, I significantly regret having such a high initial opinion of their food.
5	Great sports bar, great service.  Have to try the Southwestern Salad... Yummy!!!
2	Just moved to the area from mid west - we had the boneless chicken wings which were reasonable but they did not prepare for what was to come next....We had to try the St Louis style ribs...Bottom line -- Not recommended, tasteless, lots of grease and fat. Probably the worst ribs in 10yrs, + the sauce was yuk....The manager came over and although we did not complain out right we left him in no doubt what we thought of the quality. His response was that he and the staff test every menu item, so they should be good No offer to provide a free desert or $5 off the check as compensation or token customer apology..At the end of the day its an avaerage sports bar trying to serve food, unfortunately to survive in the food service world you have to provide quality food and listen to customers - Wolfeys is not doing this in April 2011
3	Been here a few times! Good food, drinks and atmosphere.
4	Food, Family & Fun is their motto. Nice patio & outdoor lounge area. TVs for watching games. Samples of beer are nice! Buffalo Chicken Ranch salad had nice zip, lighter on dressing next time. Chicken Quesadilla was ok, too many onions. Service was great!
2	Yesterday I tried this place for the first time. There were 6 of us including 2 children. The atmosphere was good - not too noisy - and the music was to my taste (early rock and roll). The menu selection was also good and we all found items we liked.The service was quite slow considering only about 1/2 the tables were occupied. It took quite a while both to have our orders taken and to get the food after we ordered. We had to ask for straws for the kids drinks.I am a fan of chicken piccata and do not find it offered in many places. It was on the menu and I ordered it - it was the worst I have ever had. In this dish the chicken is to be pounded which usually makes it very tender. This serving was so tough I can only guess that it was microwaved. The sauce was too thick (too much flour) and not tangy (not enough lemon juice). As I said - the worst.Now everyone else enjoyed their orders - Philly Cheesestake, Hamburger, Southern Fried Chicken Burger, Chicken Tenders - so maybe piccata is just not their thing. But still the service left a lot to be desired.I will likely try this place once more to be sure on the service and will try another dish. When that happens I will have a follow up review.
2	The staff is young and tries hard but they seem unempowered to take care of the customer with out getting clearance from their manager.The appetizers are actually pretty good here but when you get to the Chicken Wings it all falls apart. The wings were covered in a lose jiggly skin that was beyond gross.  I like mine with a little bit of crispness.  The traditional sauce was not so traditional and after the first few wings it became evident that there was more gristle than meat.  These were less like Buffalo Wings and more like Chicken Knuckles covered in BBQ sauce.Drinks were typical of a generic mass production bar - heavy on the mixings and light on the booze.Two adults and a kid and we got out for right at $50.00.  Kinda pricey for the quality of food and service.Now that I have the hankering for REAL wings I need to go hit a Hooters or BW3.
1	Typical unoriginal sports spot with a paltry selection of brews and mediocre food. This venue is a reflection of the area's palate who's tastes are dictated to them via corporate America.
4	Great bar food in a neighborhood atmosphere. Great selection of bottled beers and ciders. Highly recommend the Ace Pear Cider. My favorite dish by far has to be the cheese steak. The peppers and onions on it are grilled to perfection with a little crunch in them with each bite. For those who love watching sports there are tvs within sight of ever table in Wolfley's.
5	Food, drinks and beer selection all excellent.  This is far superior to the 3 star review it gets.  I'm guessing there are some jealous restaurants in the area behind this.
2	We've been to Wolfey's a couple of different times now and our experiences have been the same ~ Meh.  I was hoping for a better experience based on the owner is local and they are conveniently located but this was not the case. Good ~ location, location, location!!  In an area where there are some many things going on and options to choose from it is in a good location.  They have a very good selection of beers/ales on tap.  It's also family friendly.Not so good ~ Staff is not very attentive nor helpful.  We ordered their pizza special ~ 241 and asked for some cheese and peppers.  Server stated, "we only have four shakers in the entire restaurant so I don't know why we keep offering these pizza specials"...  She was actually implying they change their business model based on the number of cheese shakers??  We actually got better service when we helped ourselves.The food ~ as stated by other Yelpers, some of their food taste like it's been pre-frozen, thawed and then reheated.  We had the worst pizza's and based on the left overs on other tables we were not alone with this assessment.  Burger and fries ~ not fresh and over cooked.  Their wings are not any better.  The skin/crust is falling off before you get a chance to eat it.  They were drowned in a honey BBQ sauce, which just made these wings a gooey mess.Not planning on being a regular here.
2	Weak pizza @ salad. Go for the burgers.
5	Exceptional experience!!!!  Excellent service and food!!!  Ron Wolfey came by our table to ensure an enjoyable experience and offered 3 free desserts for my friend's birthday!!  He is extremely family oriented as we had 5 kids with us that he entertained during out conversation.  Very impressed with the overall atmosphere and very much enjoyed the overall experience!!   Oh and the cookie dough dessert is THE BEST EVER!!!
5	Wolfey's is delicious and was a very welcome discovery for me! Usually I avoid Desert Ridge but for Wolfey's I'll brave it!
4	Wolfleys always has amazing food!! The spinach dip appetizer is to die for and their buffalo chicken pizza is a miracle.I wouldn't recommend going on a busy night because some of the servers dont know how to manage their time...
5	what a great restaurant. amazing food and plus they have corn hole outside
5	Love this place. Classy yet sports everywhere!
4	I've now been here twice and both times everything went well. The appetizers are very good and they put on a nice buffet for the Cheerz 4 Charity event I attended. I will definitely put this place on one of my "favorites" lists. Good ambiance and very tasty food choices!
1	I saw so many good reviews on this restaurant that I suggested the resturant to my pastor and his wife. My husband and I met them there and commenced to receive the worst service from the male server in the bar seating area. He had a poor attitude and continually forgot to fulfill our requests. I was so embarrassed. We'll never return.
4	We went with a group of participants in the Susan G Koman 3-Day Walk and families at the end to a challenging and inspiring event.  We dined on the patio which was closed with exterior canvas and  had heaters to remove the chill.  The wait staff was eager to please our large group, placing heaters strategically for our comfort.I had a beef sandwich (Beef On Weck) that was tender and flavorful and aided by some very powerful horseradish--the real stuff!  The beer selection was good with some varieties  that weren't just the every day selection.There was room at the edge of the patio for the younger children to play off some of their pent up energy without disturbing the other diners.I would go back again on a future trip to this area.
4	Awesome Food & great location.Great Place & a Big Supporter of Pinnacle Football!
5	servers are great and attentive.  I love their wings.  Anchor bar style. great views of TV to watch sports.  Although, the manager wouldnt turn up the volume.  He said they are not a sports bar.  Go figure a dozen large screen TV's. Still, I do like the place and will continue to go. Hopfully, Ill get to meet Ron W on one of my visits.
2	While it wasn't 'bad', there are far better places to have an enjoyable meal in the area, even if you want to catch a game.  We went once.  We saw.  We haven't been back.
2	Of Wolfley and Man! (Metallica Reference!)I came here for lunch with an associate and I wanted to try something new. Wolfley's was definitely something you can't find anywhere in the country so what the hey! I would have ordered their hometown favorite roast beef sandwich, but the waitress warned me it was quite salty.  I'm glad she did since I don't take kindly on overly salty foods. So I ordered the cheeseburger sliders instead. Let's just say I wasn't sure if should have sucked it up and tried the roast beef sandwich instead. Sliders were, well sub par and basic. It was pretty dry and it came along with some fried onion flakes. I needed to douse it with some ketchup to help me swallow it. My meal also came along with a side salad, which was probably the better of the two. However, I found a few brown leaves and tried to work around it. Service was good overall and the place was pretty well put together. Definitely a cool place to hang with the boys for a game. I went on Wolfey's website and notice they are fond of charitable work and non-profits coming to their place - Kudos! Then again in my honest opinion I'm not sure I would want to recommend this place unless it's just for drinks. - Enjoy!
2	I went to Wolfleys tonight for a change of pace.  I had been there once before for drinks on a Saturday night and recall having one before leaving as there wasnt anything close to a "special" or even a tavern priced beer that night.  But tonight was a Tuesday and I wasnt looking to drink.  I recalled the bartender raving about the grub that night a few months back so I figured I'd give it a shot.We got seated outside and soon regretted it.  Surely we could have been re-seated, but it wasnt that big of a deal.  The tables seemed somehow lower than they should have been in relation to the bar nearby and there were a ton of kids playing bags nearby.  Oh well...not the end of the world.  I seem to recall that I was a kid once too...so I am cool with that most of the time.Waitress came.  She was OK.  Nothing too personable, but good enough I suppose.  I was trying to lay low on the carbs, so I asked her which she might suggest.  I was torn between some sort of a flat iron steak (which is more than I normally do on a weeknight) or the highlighted specialty beef sandwich.  She told me that the beef was on some sort of a salty pretzel roll.  She almost made it seem like that was the drawback but that the beef was awesome.  I said "That bun sounds great...I'll just stick with the bottom half" as a joke.  Once again, she knew I was laying low on the carbs because I told her in order to solicit her input.  Well this thing comes out open faced.  The bun was something.  It was probably far too salty for the average Joe but you could always brush some of the sea salt off.  But when I tell you that the amount meat on this open faced presentation was less than you would find on a $1.29 Arbys junior, I am not kidding.  Half of the bottom bun was even showing.  I could tell that when she set it down it was probably the first time she'd seen our order because she sort of looked like she was a little ashamed.  But obviously not ashamed enough to take it back to the kitchen and say to the boys "WTF!  Are you trying to get me shut out of a tip here?"  Truth is it had been a really long day and I didnt need to have the monster specialty sandwich that they seemed to describe in the menu, so I just let it slide.  It took about two minutes to polish it off so its no wonder that it seemed like forever for her to come back and realize that we were ready for the check.  Not the end of the world.  I'll live.  There is so much good dining here in town that its almost a shame that there is no time to give a place a second chance.  But I suppose that thats all the more reason that they should get it right each and every time.  They knew that this was a BS presentation of the sandwich that they were touting as their specialty.  My date said as we left "Now we know why they call it Wolfleys..."  I asked why?  She said "Because you leave hungry like the Wolfley..."  I didnt even know she was around when Duran Duran was around!  Good one though.  Steer clear.of this place.  I wouldnt even go back on a fool moon....Ooops!  I meant full moon.
2	Lots of screens makes it a great place to watch sports.  Food is a notch above standard bar fare.  The consistency is lacking tho.  One day great burger.  Next day dry bun burger.
4	Good food, good service, just too pricey. Came in and ordered 3 apps for us, all were good and service was prompt. Patio looks awesome, just a bit too warm today, so we ate inside. Plenty of tvs, not too loud. I'll be back, but probably just during happy hour.
3	Went here on a whim with my mom when we were on our way to BJ's down the street. We had a couple of basic sports bar kinda foods such as mac and cheese, chicken tenders, and a spinach and artichoke dip.The food was all pretty decent but over all suffered from a lack of seasoning. the food was all decent but nothing special. As 3 star as you can get for the food. That being said, all the food we ordered was part of their happy hour deals which was great and the service was amazing. Overall, not bad. But I'm not sure I would go there again, when there are so many other good options in Desert Ridge
4	I came here one lazy Saturday afternoon and was very impressed!First of all, if you love sports, this place has awesome large flat screen TV's which will make watching the game all the more awesome.My friend and I ordered the artichoke dip for an app and the wings. Absolutely amazing and good! Service rocked and our server was a doll.
2	Went here as a recommendation.  I don't think we'll go back because there didn't seem to be anything that really stuck out as amazing.  The place was extremely loud and what they said would be a 20 minute wait was actually a 35 minute one.The wings however were good, the only negative thing about the wings was how much feathers were left on them.  We literally were picking off the feathers.  Eeek.  Majority of us were eating wings. The wings were good, the only negative thing about the wings was how much feathers were left on them.  We literally were picking off the feathers.   Gross.I decided to opt for a couple little appetizers.  I love this idea.  Priced at $3.50 were chips and dip.  Homemade potato chips topped with bacon, bleu cheese and served with a green onion dip.  They serve good quality bleu cheese, the bacon was a plentiful... BUT, the chips didn't seem all that fresh.  The second appetizer was the $3.95 pretzel dough bites stuffed with cheese and served with marinara. 4 in an order.  I got them and thought, were is the pretzel?  It was glorifed little ceasers stuffed cheese bread.  We couldn't even get through one.   The kids meals are priced at $5.95, comes with a drink.  We purchased 4 soft drinks for the young ones.  Two root beers, 1 sprite, 1 Dr. Pepper.   She brought us 4 large glasses with no lids, all ROOT Beers.  Im pretty sure she just failed waitressing 101.The kids meals arrived.  #1 ordered the two cheeseburger sliders.  They looked alright.  #2 ordered Mac & Cheese, the menu didn't inform us it would be KRAFT.  As much as we love the old' Blue Box Mackers.  Restuarants should not serve it!  It's really should be outlawed at restaurants.  Most of us that know how to cook know how to make a pasta and cheese sauce from scratch.  Easy breezy in a restaurant, right?  We placed our orders and my sister ordered a burger with the cheese sauce on the side.  They brought the burger out WITH sauce on it.  The waitress offered to replace it but we were on short time with a movie to catch which we told her.  There was no other compensation beside that.  The water glasses were always on empty with refills hard to come by.  Eating hot wings.  No water.  BRILLIANT.With that all being said, they tacked on a 20% gratuity charge.  Not sure she deserved that much.  I won't bother going back.  The food is lackluster and the service is even worse.
5	Jenn and I went to Wolfey's last night for the first time after thinking maybe we'd go to Sweet Tomatoes but we decided to give Wolfey's a shot. It was worth it. She loves the sports bar scene and so do I and they had just about every game on! Our server was just wonderful. She was very consistent and touched our table every few minutes and really took good care of us. Props to Wolfey's food too. It was wonderful. Jenn got a nice club sandwich and I got a flat iron steak. It was cooked perfectly and just melted in your mouth. That's how I like my steaks from time to time. Oh and the prices were definitely on point. I really liked the potato chip and dip bites. For $3.95 you sure get a lot of them! I definitely recommend this place. I love the history and wish Ron Wolf so much more than all the best. They are really really good and clean! Nice establishment. We'll be back for sure!
4	Have been here several times. The wings are excellent. Have tried the meatloaf, goulash, pizza and fish and chips. Have not been disappointed with any meal choices. Great place to catch a game and staff is very friendly and prompt. Wish the beer selection was a little better, but overall not bad.
3	Wolfley's is almost a perfect reflection of its radio personality owner/namesake.  Ron Wolfley's deep voice, knowledge of sports (especially football) and random metaphors can be quite entertaining at first, but it doesn't take long before you're sick of it.   However, he does seem like the kind of guy I'd like to be having a beer with during the game rather listening to during a Cardinals game.  So maybe owning a sports bar is perfect for him.His restaurant has a nice ambiance.  Nothing really stands out, but there are dozens of well placed TV's playing plenty of games.  It may have been a little too dark, and the music may have been a little too loud for some people.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.The menu is massive and filled mostly with foods you'd expect to find at an upscale sports bar.   There's a great beer selection.  However, the food is so mediocre, that I found myself wondering why of all the places I could watch a game and have a drink on a Saturday night, is this the bar I ended up at.  I had the philly cheese steak.  It was decent.  But nothing that you can't get anywhere else.  The beef was good but the bread was either over toasted or stale (most likely the latter).  My brother and another person in our group had a fairly unique menu item; buffalo back ribs.  a rack of pork ribs fried and sauced like a buffalo wing.  I had to try one.  It was different, not really great, I think I would just stick to chicken, but at least I could say it was something I'd never had before.There is a late night menu with some good deals on Friday and Saturday nights, but the place cleared out before 10:00pm on the Saturday before Labor Day, which was the first full day of college football.  Not the best of signs that this is a happening spot to grab a late Saturday bite.  I wouldn't be against a return trip to Wolfley's, but there's such an abundance of sports bars in the valley, that it wouldn't necessarily be my first choice to watch a game and have a meal.
4	Great Place!! The pizza and wings are pretty damn good. I have not had a single thing here I did not like!
5	Been here many times before and was happy to see they were open Sunday morning before the games started rather than opening at kickoff time.Had the chorizo burrito and it was very good. Also tried a bite of the breakfast scramble sandwich that was made even better by the applewood bacon.Service was prompt, attentive, and polite. Just wish we would have had more time to spend there!
1	My girlfriend left her iPhone there and the employee said no one turned it in when she called. So we used the iPhone locate my phone app and it was INDEED there. So I called the next day and the main bartender lady said again "no one turned it in". I responded and said we know its there. Would you mind checking? She finally did and came back 2 seconds later and said yep its here... NOT helpful! And didn't seem to care. Our large group of 30 spent over $800. We'll take our business elsewhere!
4	This was just a really good experience from start to finish. The wife and I where having the "no you pick a place " kind of night, so it makes it easier to review. The server on our table like she wanted us to be at home. Our meals were hot fresh and tasty, fresh asparagus in August! The owner even stopped by the table to check on us and he made us again feel as if we where invited. Like I said a really good experience.
4	We had to check this place out as my husband is from Buffalo.  We ordered the mild chicken wings, we weren't disappointed.  Texture was really crispy and the sauce was delicious.  Had to try the Beef on Weck, again pleasantly surprised.  Waffle fries were done great, and the sandwich was good.  They do their own take on the Weck roll, a little more salt than normal, but it was still delicious.  We'll be back for sure.
4	8 of us went to Wolfley's last night for TNF (Cards in St. Louis  ... ugh!)We did NOT have a reservation but were able to get the last large table in the house.Reservations recommended on Football Days.I was very please with the place......service was pretty damn good even though she was slammed.  Lots of TV's AND you can actually hear the game/announcers/refs etc..  That is one of my pet peeves if I can't hear the game in a sports bar.A few of our crew had the salmon and they said it was good....it looked damn good!I am a fan and will go back for another football outing!
1	Ordered basket of wings today for take out. Told me 20 mins. Waited for 40 mins. Really? The owner Ron was there. Told him.. And he did told the manager to look. That's it. No one appeared to be really sorry as they don't care . Really?
4	Just like Mister Wolfleys' hometown of Orchard Park, NY, Wolfley's Grill is classy, friendly, and experts on good food!  If delicious wings, or burgers and a few various games are what you look for in a night out, you've found your home!  The average price for a sandwich or wings is about $9 too.  Our group found the quality of ingredients in the meals to be excellent.  Throw in a great location right off the 101 in Desert Ridge, and Wolfley's Grill takes the prize!  Now go give the place a try!
3	"We usually think this place is ok for wings so we decided to go with my parents. They ran out of milk, they had no iceberg lettuce, their pizza is very average. The best was when Ron Wolfley, himself, came to our table to introduce himself and see how things were. We were totally honest and still no response!!! We even said- there is a grocery store 300 feet away- go have someone buy some milk. And nothing......
5	We happened on wolfley's while looking for a quick bite with sports on TV in Desert Ridge.  We were pleasantly surprised by the quick service and the extensive menu.  I loved the bourbon-sweet sauce on the chicken wings.  They were served on a bed of delicious shoe-string fried onions.   My husband thoroughly enjoyed the barbecue half chicken with beans, coleslaw and waffle-fried potatoes.  Our server was attentive and helpful.  We thought that we got a good value.   We were satisfied and stuffed when we left.  We will go again to try different dishes.
4	We go here all the time. This is great if your hubby is a sports fanatic like mine. TVs everywhere. The seating is casual and you feel very comfortable here. They have great patio areas and the bar is an inside outside bar. The food is really good. I love the asian chicken salad (the dressing is fantastic) and hubby gets the wings, chicken pot pie or beef of weck. The only thing I think they can work on is consistency which seems to have gotten better recently. We love the staff. This is a great place you should definitely try!
3	Over all great experience!The service was great ask for Melisa she was tentative and friendly. The food was above average for a sports bar. Enjoyed the wings, boneless wings and fish & chips. If you are looking for a great sports bar to watch our favorite team play with better than average food this is the place to go.
5	My wife and I absolutely love this place.  The food, service, and atmosphere  are absolutely fantastic.  We've been there three times this week already.... and have designated Wolfley's as our favorite neighborhood restaurant/bar.  The servers we have had... Marti and Melissa have been awesome... And the manager, Larry, is great.  This place is a must try.
3	Ok, so let me say this first, I am from Buffalo.  That being said I might be a slightly harder critic than most when it comes to Buffalo food.  I came to Wolfley's to watch a football game.  I ordered the Beef on weck.  I was slightly annoyed when I was asked by my server whether I had ever had one before.  She said it in that way that makes you think you won't like this item unless you are crazy enough to have had it before and actually want to order it again.  Now, I know that Ron Wolfley was born and raised in Buffalo, but I think it's been awhile since he has tasted this sandwich in Buffalo.  The kimmelweck roll was absolutely perfect.  The beef on the other hand, was not.  The menu states it is "tender roast beef sliced thin", which is how it would be if I were to order this sandwich in a restaurant in Buffalo.  My first bite was nothing but fatty and a bit of gristle.  I ended up deconstructing my sandwich and eating the good parts of the roast beef with my fork and eating the kimmelweck dipped in the au jus.The beer was cold and my team won, so I will try Wolfley's again.  Maybe the wings are authentic.
3	Nice place and good wines but average food. Good Happy hour prices. Great place to watch games with outdoor venues.
5	This has now become my new "normal" hangout.  The serice, for the most part, has been astounding.  Amanda is an AMAZING server.  I have told family and friends about this place.  I will continue to be a patron.
5	So this was my second visit here. My wife and I sat at the bar of a drink before getting a table for dinner. The bar staff offered a menu to look over and made a few recommendations for snack at the bar. We had to try the Chips with Green onion dip, just let me say this is not you Moms onion dip! After thanking the staff for that recommendation we where told they are "Kind Of Known" for their wings. I highly recommend them. Needless to say due the great service we never moved to that table we planned on. This team knows how to send you home fat and happy.
2	Hadn't been here in over a year...always have had good food and service until today. Simple chicken sandwich took 30 minutes to arrive then came without my sweet potato fries...server apologized and then nothing.. No fries ever came out. Unacceptable especially since place was empty. Then then offered to take 2.50 off my bill for inconvenience. What a joke... Too many good places to eat for this kind of service and lack of accountability... Won't be back.
5	Great food, Great service and enjoyed the atmosphere. I don't often get the meatloaf, but decided to try it here. VERY GOOD!Nice job to all of the staff.....very friendly!!
4	Gotta love this place. Unique menu, good variety of on tap and bottled beers and friendly staff. I get the Poblano burger and the Pepper stack and my wife has had several different menu items. All prepared well and cooked as ordered. Makes a pretty good sports bar with a large number of the at many angles so you can always see a game going. Long story short, Wolfley's gets the thumbs up.
4	My wife and I stopped in after a movie at Desert Ridge. The food was good, although the chili was not to my taste, my wife had a salad and sirloin tips, both of which were excellent. We sat outside and the atmosphere was good. Not too loud and the music selection was good.
3	Unfortunately I can only give Wolfley's a 3 for a few reasons. Went there for lunch and while its nice they have an outside area (duh), the seats were a little dirty and that was a slight turn off. The menu while large, almost comes off as too overwhelming and mediocre to make it worth its size. I settled on the BBQ Chicken Salad which was actually really good, the only problem was it was the only thing on the menu I was even interested in. Big pro's go to the wait staff though as our waitress was sweet as can be and checked in often. Overall just kinda...eh.
2	I used to be a regular here with my boyfriend. They started learning our names. We were even seated next to Wolfley's football buddies at the anniversary party. Loved this place so much, then it all changed. We went back one day to find an almost all new staff, the seats were redone, and the menu overhauled. Most of my favorites were gone and the new things I wanted we're only available after five. I went for lunch. The menu is overwhelming, no more Mac and cheese as a side. Service is not nearly as good and the wings. Now come in 10 instead of 12. So strange to change what works.  In the past I have been treated well and with respect. If there was ever a problem they took care of it.  I can honestly say this is no longer true. I have only been there a few small handful of times since the change, and each time I am disappointed. The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes. If you are seated on the patio forget ever getting a refill. I am just so sad that everything ha s changed. I am sad to say they have lost regulars and we are now on the lookout for something new.
5	Don't come here if you want a good time and good food. Come here if you want a great time and awesome food. The atmosphere is always laid back, with all the games you could watch and more on the multitude of big screen TVs. Super friendly service, and did I mention the food?Aunt G's spicy Mac and cheese is not to be missed, and if you're really hungry check out the "training camp"option hidden in the menu. The Daily specials are a little confusing but there's always something for every palate.I don't think I could rave highly enough about this place.  It is my foodie destination of choice when near Desert Ridge.
4	There's a formula to this sort of place and Wolfley's seems to get it right.Nice atmosphere, good wings, good service, and a nicely rounded-out menu. There's enough space in the main dining area to accomodate large groups. I'm glad they've made good use of the space once used by The Office.
4	I keep going back to this place because I like it so much! Great atmosphere, service, and food. There is one thing that put me off during my last visit, and that was that they now use what seems to be canned chicken on their southwestern salad. This salad used to come with a nice piece of grilled chicken on top, but not anymore. Bummer!
5	Me and my husband went here for dinner on a Sunday night. I have to say it was fantastic. Salads were fresh, burgers were delicious and the fries were piping hot! Service was also top notch, this is a big thumbs up to the American comfort food seeker.
2	I was visiting and was sent here by some locals. The bar atmosphere was good and the prices were well suited for the portions. The server we had was was quick and nice. Being a bar we were told we were too loud. So maybe this place should re think the whole bar thing and just make it more of a Applebee's.
4	Checked this place out for a late afternoon lunch.  Food was good and service was great.  Will definitely be back to try out the wings.
3	We ate here last night, when we arrived the atmosphere was very welcoming what you would expect going to a "neighborhood" grill. We were shown to are table which was very comfortable and had a great view of the TV! We decided to order some cocktails because they have a GREAT late night happy hour deals $4.00 for Jack and coke can't go wrong! We ordered the Bavarian pretzel, bacon and blue sliders and the boneless wings mild...when the food came out it looked appetizing so we dove right in. The sliders were HORRIBLE, and when I say HORRIBLE they were worse then anything you would find at McDonalds or any other fast food chain, they were even hard to swallow they were that bad. The pretzel on the other hand was really good and I highly recommend getting the pretzel! Then for the boneless mild wings, they totally missed the mark! The mild sauce was WAY to spicy for mild sauce and the blue cheese that came with tasted off, we didn't eat them do to the over spicy ness and the off tasting blue cheese. When we asked the server about the sauce and blue cheese she said that's just the way they taste. All in all, if we go back it will just be for cocktails.
3	A nice place to hang out on a warm evening. Bonus for being  so close to shopping! Spacious and inviting with a good vibe both inside and the patio (had to go twice just to make sure ;) The drink selection was good my food was just ok but I only had a salad and a burger. So it balanced out and I am willing to come back and try something different.
2	I have to give 2 stars as the service was excellent.  The food, however, was not.  Crappy boiled ribs with buffalo sauce?  Horrible.  Fakey processed mashed potatoes.  Overpriced and really bad.
4	Had dinner there two nights ago. I ordered the Philly cheesesteak sandwich and it was delicious. The bread was fresh and the cheesesteak perfectly spiced and cooked. My husband had the meatloaf and the portions were so big that he took some home. Service was good, especially being checked on for water, drinks,etc.  If you're interested in sports, they have lots of tv's.
2	This place only gets two stars because we had a pretty good server. Based solely on food, I wish I could give it zero stars. Started out with fried raviolis and the cheese stuff pretzels. The raviolis were okay but nothing you can't buy at a supermarket and make at home. The pretzels were NOT pretzels. It was a crappy breadstick stuffed with lukewarm cheese. The marinara left a lot to be desired. My friend ordered the tri tip dinner and had to send it back because it was so overdone. The server said they make it all together "like a stew" and they can't customize the cooking. What?? It's STEAK! So she ended up with the peppercorn flat iron and said it at least didn't taste like hamburger meat. I had the Cheesy Dream Burger and it was an absolute mess! You can't pick it up unless you want cheese running down your arms. The burger itself was okay but the cheese sauce was just meh. There are way too many other eateries at Desert Ridge to waste your time at Wolfley's.
3	This past weekend we had the chance to go to Wolfley's at the Tatum plaza and it was pretty much what we expected from a bar and grill type establishment.  We walked in to no wait and were seated within seconds, which was excellent.  We were able to get a table outside - although all the booths with TVs were taken, which isn't really a bad thing since we probably would have turned it off anyways.  My fiancee ordered the "Billy Boy Brat" - bratwurst topped w/caramelized onions, diced applewood bacon and cheese.  I had the Pulled BBQ Pork sandwich (pretty self explanatory).  Both were good.  The baked beans were my side and they were probably my favorite thing on either plate.  We actually ended up switching plates halfway through the meal since he wasn't in love with the cheese sauce (more like nacho cheese than a thicker hot dog cheese) on the brat, and the BBQ got spicy after eating it for a time.  Our server was excellent and everything came out as ordered and our drinks were filled up before they were even completely emptied.  Overall: B+I think we'll order other things next go around - but we will be back!
3	Server was great! Very nice, efficient, and knew what she was doing! Unfortunately, she recommended the nachos that came out cold and a batch of chicken wings that tasted as if they had been hangin' out in the kitchen for some while. Kitchen made a new plate of nachos that returned to the table hot, after whoever was running the food ran through the restaurant; however, the nachos still appeared on the bill and no apology made it to the table. Second time to Wolfley's with mediocre food - probably won't be returning anytime soon.
1	Probably the worst service I've experienced in Arizona .. Pretty bad I sent my food back .. There are far better service and food in the same area !!!
3	Wolfley's is such a hit or miss.  Sometimes we have good service & food... sometimes not so much.  The reason I decided to yelp finally is because of a very odd situation that happened last time my husband and I went for dinner and drinks.  Our poor server seemed overworked and was sweating bullets when he came to take our drink order.  We had to have been waiting at least 10 minutes for our drinks, until I finally waved someone down to question where they were (we were outside).  This was her reply: "Oh is Mike your server?  Yeah he sucks.  We've been trying to get him fired.  Make sure to complain to the manager."  Before I could even open my mouth she says, "Oh wait, there's the manager.  Hold on a sec let me get her..."  I'm sititng there like, well this got out of control quickly.  I'm thinking she is going to ask the manager to check on our drinks (all I want is a damn margarita!!!).  She comes back with manager and says "These people want to talk to you about something."  Wow...... SO unprofessional.  I was shocked.  I told her I didn't want to complain, I just was seeing where our drinks were.   The rest of the night took forever.  We literally had a 2 hour and 30 minute dinner, all the while the manager is sitting down on a couch and can totally see how long we have been sitting there through the glass door.  A good manager would've known what to do in this situation.Word of advice Wolfley.... when you're away, make sure you hire managers you can trust.  The manager seemed way more interested on taking an extended break on the couch and gossiping with coworkers then worrying about your business.Bottomline: We ended up feeling bad for Mike and gave him a good tip.  Go Mike!  If you have to put up with people like that, no wonder why you're sweating.
4	We ended up here because of our bad experience with BJ's Brewhouse.  We were promptly greeted and seated.  Our order was taken promptly and our server followed up with us twice.  Our order was correct and tasty!  Not too difficult BJ's!!!  Nonetheless, we would definitely go back to Wolfley's - great variety on the food and drink menus and great customer service.
3	It was alright. Sort of a mix between Buffalo Wild Wings and The Outback. Pretty noisy and only one steak on the menu, but the burger was decent.
2	Service is always terrible! My husband and I have been here 4 times now and have yet to get in and out in less than an hour. Tonight we waited 26 minutes to place our order when we knew exactly what we wanted when we walked in. Waitress brought our drinks and said she would be right back and we kept trying to flag her down and nothing! It was busy, but there is no reason she couldn't take our order (ive been a waitress myself). The food is ok for a sports bar type atmosphere but not worth dealing with the terrible service. I gave it a few chances before writing a review, but we won't be going back after another disappointing LONG visit.
4	Better than your average sports bar.  Love the pork sliders.  Come year a couple times a year with the DRPG dads.
1	Terrible service.  Dry wings. Sent them back no silverware.  We were only table.  Pizza bland and undercooked.   Great TVs and the beer is cold but beer order was mixed up twice
3	This is a good place to watch a game and eat.  There is a lot of outdoor seating which is a big plus.  There are many televisions.Our server was friendly and attentive.We started with the homemade chips and dip.  The chips were crisp and tasty.   The bacon and blue cheese add a nice touch and pair nicely with the dip.For my meal I chose the boneless wings in their honey gold sauce.  It is a large portion.  The wings are solid.  The honey gold has good flavor.
5	Stopped here Friday night prior to a concert at M.IM.  The wings here are excellent a true Buffalo recipe. Service was very friendly, accomodating. We were on a tight schedule and they accomodated that. Great beer menu here. The interior is classy and kept up well. I highly recommend this establishment.
4	Where to start...  I showed up with a colleague from Pittsburgh just looking for the NFL Playoffs, Beer and Wings.  Two Conference Championship games, 25 drinks, 40 wings, a large pizza and 7 hours later we both left very impressed.Great drinks, 12 large indoor TVs, awesome wings and great service.Hey Wolfley!  You da man...
4	First time dining there last night with a group on 9. Good food and service and it was nice to see Ron Wolfley checking on all the tables personally. I had the pulled pork platter and I thought that the price was very good and was pleasantly surprised that all the sides were included instead of having to order them a la carte. Definitely will be back!
3	Great place for dinner out if you don't mind the noise.  Nice spacious booths to accommodate families.  Friendly staff and a variety of food options to choose from.  Food was good in flavor, portions, and price.
4	If you want a place to watch some sports and enjoy some good food then this is the place to go. The atmosphere was relaxing and the service was great. I will definitely go back
4	Had the bourbon wings, sweet n spicy wings, and the Caesar salad. The wings were FABULOUS!  I've been searching for a wing place almost a year now and this place came closest to my favorite in hometown of Sheboygan, WI ----LEGEND LARRY'S.   Also our server was Kiley and she was fantastic ....(she totally got my request for extra, extra red onions on my salad. Thanks Kiley!
1	I went in on a Saturday and asked for a lunch pizza and the waitress said let me ask and said no since it is Saturday.  They also had on their menu Chicken Stir Fry which I ordered but she came back and said sorry it is Saturday so I asked the kitchen and they said no. This is my 1st and last time that I will go since it is always about the customer.  There were 10 people in the restaurant and if they want customers happy and to return, it is keeping us happy.
2	The guys and I were looking for a place to have some wings on Thursday night hangout.  I found this place and am absolutely floored that Yelp let me down!  This wasn't a case of the kitchen having an off night.  I am honestly surprised that people enjoy any food coming from this place.As we came here for wings, it was the first item on the menu I looked at.  There are 8 different flavors to choose from, but don't expect to ask for a sample.  Our waitress immediately stated that we couldn't sample any of the flavors without a $.50 per sauce surcharge.  When asked how hot, I was told they use Frank's Red Hot for their base.  Authentic and Original it ain't.  Portion size is either single or double, which is code for 10 (bone-in) or 20 wings.I ordered Bone-In and my friends got Bone-less and Chicken Cajun Sliders.  The wings were typical frozen chicken.  The Bone-less were frozen breaded fare I could get from any grocery freezer.  They were dry and bland.  The sauce was definitely heavy on Red Hot, making this one wing experience you can safely skip.  The bone-in wings were average size, and not something I would expect at a buck a piece.  The sliders were dry.  The chicken was dry.  The cheese was dry.  The sauce was not a help.  There are only 3 sliders on a plate.  And everything was plated with a HEFTY dose of French's fried onions.  I am not sure why, because they certainly weren't tasty, and added nothing to the meal.  Even the wings came on a bed of french fried onions.You would think the atmosphere would have made up for the terrible food.  There are a ton of TVs and Big Screens, perfect for sports fans.  Plenty of comfortable tables, and 3 outdoor patios.  A large bar takes up most of the West side of the building.  But somehow, we were let down again.  During an obviously big game night, we waited 40 minutes for a table when there were a DOZEN open tables all evening.  There was enough people to fill the restaurant, but obviously mgmt wasn't able to staff the establishment properly.  As a consequence, it took almost 30 minutes to get our food order in.  Food did come promptly, but when  you are dumping frozen food into a fryer, this should be a no-brainer.If you are going to Desert Ridge, there are many good restaurants to choose from.  Stay away from Wolfleys.
5	Love this placeI had a wolf burger and it was a great burger!Tasty and cooked perfectly! It taste like it just came off a smoky grill. Chipotle mayo and peppers were a great addition on this burger . Even there sweet potatoes fries were very tasty.My husband had a beef on weck  with regular thick cut fries, he loved itWe have enjoyed the food  every time  we've been here!
3	This is getting three stars as an average. The service was horribly slow and the food is great! I keep going back for the food, but that might not be for long. Our office goes quite frequently as it's close, but we are about threw with how slow the service is. It took them exactly 47 mins for our food to get out and another 20 to get our tickets when we asked to get them after we place our order. A word to the wise, be ready to wait!
5	First timer here. Excellent menu selection, great craft beer selection and a great patio. Six of us and not one complaint. Had the poblano burger and although it was messy to try and eat, it was well worth it. Will definitely be back to try more of the menu.
1	Very dissatisfied......althought I am a single and its not hard to get a seat in the bar....I came in sat down and a nice waiter did ask me what I wanted to drink....served ne my first beer without asking if I acted to taste test it first....another weird thing about this guy is he smiled a lot...maybe too much and failed to ask me if I was eating. I flagged a waitress down about 15-20 minutes later and ordered a burger well done....when it came it was medium rare....the mash potatoes are supposed to taste like garlic....they didn't.....atmosphere is typically bar....I do not think I will return.
1	bad service last night the  sever never came to the table after we were there  for about 15mn went to bar and got our drinks for us. bartender was very good
3	The food and service were great. We were enjoying the Kentucky Derby and in the middle of the winning jockey interview all of a sudden music came on. When we asked if they could possibly turn the sound to the game 7 NBA playoff, we were told they do not play sound to TV's. We were told They only played sound to Derby because of high demand. I'm kinda short so I guess when I grow up they will play the game for me. Not the place to go to watch a game, so the "neighborhood grill" part of the name confuses me. We'll do take out next time.
3	The boneless wings will not disappoint. My husband ordered the Beef on Weck and it was amazing with horseradish that will make you think twice.  My portobello sandwich was okay but I was more disappointed that the "Bocce Court" was only CornHole.
4	Food is always good.  Like the neighborhood bar atmosphere.  Service can be hit or miss.  They no longer have blenders so they don't serve frozen drinks.
4	Tuesday's kids eat free! That was a great start, I have a younger set of twin siblings that are 5 years old.  And since they ordered off the kiddie menu their meals were free.  I had the bacon & blue burger and it was grilled to perfection!  Medium-rare and juicy, YUM.  My wife had the turkey burger and it wasn't too appealing however, she said she enjoyed it (she only ate 4 bites, not sure how much she enjoyed it.)  My dad had a BYO burger and he enjoyed it as well.  We all enjoyed happy hour drinks which goes from 3-7pm.  Overall the food was really good I just feel that the service could have been better if she was a little more personable.  She wasn't very attentive and when she would drop items off at the table she would quickly walk away before anyone could order anything else.  Televisions were everywhere and you could watch any game where ever you sit in the restaurant.  Good place to watch sports!
5	Love it here. Excellent food. Very good service. Cold beer. Wings are awesome. Tv's everywhere. Great for watching any sport. If you really care make a reservation.
3	I didn't get great service from here I got sat by a hostess but then it took about 15 mins untill a server even came on by then 10 mins before I got a water. Do hostess not communicate with their servers anymore? This seems to be true at most restaurants now. That needs to change!!!! I'll give them a second chance
4	My kids took me there for fathers day. the food was good. consistent. I have been there a few other times. They gave me a beer glass for fathers day, with their logo. that was a nice touch. A lot of TV's. A little louder than I prefer but good over all. food came out nice. waitress was attentive. 4 stars for being a fan. Takes a lot to get 5 stars from me. I would go there a again.
3	Completely different than I thought. They make u feel veey at home like a true neighborhood bar & grill. Delicioua food but a little pricey.
5	I visited Wolfley's for the first time this week for a send off party for a friend that was moving and was really impressed!  Lots of great beer on tap and the appetizers were really tasty!  Loved the Southwestern Rolls in particular...  The staff was very fast and efficient and the manager was gracious enough to help me out of a little predicament.  I'll definitely be going back when I'm in that part of town... fantastic experience!
3	The location is average, plenty of TV's on the walls, not the cleanest, the servers were busy conversing with each other or busy on their cell phones. The bartender struck up conversations with customers by complaining about how slow it was. I watched two patrons walk out because there was no one at the hostess station to seat them, while what appeared to be the manger sat at the bar drinking a "Salty Dog without the Vodka".My beer, a draft shock top, was served in a warm clean glass. I ordered the burger, topped with bacon & cheddar and it was cooked properly to my liking. The potato bun tasted like it was old, but it had nice grill marks. The veggies were fresh and crisp. The burger was seasoned well, but the bacon tasted old and was hard to chew. The steak cut fries were good, but a tad over cooked for my liking. The prices were average. With all that said, I'd like to give the place another try; but they failed to really impress me on my first visit.
3	This place is in a good location with a lot of other restaurants to compete with.  When I went with my husband for the first time, it was just ok. Atmosphere was just mediocre. Food was good. I would go back to try more.
4	Great tv's. Great bottled beer and draft beer. Love the food and service. Please come for a great time with family and friends.
5	Everything was fresh and excellent quick service friendly bar staff.  They ensured we were ok and drinks were full definitely a good place to go
5	Really good food!  My friend enjoyed the cookie cream. Soft worm cookie with melted ice cream.  I had the wolf burger that  came with a one dollar beer! Because it was Monday and now I love Mondays!
4	Good food, service, value, and atmosphere. Great family environment and plenty of sports screens.
4	Figured we'd give it a shot since I listen to him on KTAR and I like to eat at Majerles. It seems like a upscale version of sports bar food. Has a clean fun atmosphere and the staff was nice. Had a buffalo rap and 2 beers while my wife had sliders and a Bloody Mary. Bill was $42, so it wasn't that bad. We will go back for sure
4	Excellent dinner before a concert. Service wonderful. Server knowledgeable. Great menu. Would definitely return.
4	One of the few places my entire family likes . . . Good variety/reasonably priced . . . Great place to watch sports, but comfortable, relaxing atmosphere for non-sporting types, as well . . . Wings are house specialty, but good sandwiches, burgers, too . . . Owners are very community-minded, supporting several charitable causes, including local anti-human trafficking efforts.  That makes me happy to give them my business.
1	Was looking for BBQ chicken and ribs. This place came up so I took my my wife and kids there. The service was good but the food wasn't up to par... Ordered the BBQ chicken and it was flavorful but really tough and NOT tender at all! My wife ordered the ribs for her and the kids. The sauce is more spicy than I believe most kids can handle (8-12ys) and the rub they use on the rib is spicer than most would care to consume. The waitress was unsympathetic and handed me the bill... I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone that was interested in a decent BBQ experience. Pretty much a fancy bar. Lots of TV's for sports. Food an after thought...
2	Owner resolved issue
5	I highly suggest this restaurant! The servers are always great to deal with. I always order Rick's Buffalo/Ranch salad. Wolfley's is the only place that I can find a salad like this and it is the best. The atmosphere is great here!
4	Love the atmosphere here very laid back and sports oriented, plenty of big screen TVs. Had the burger made to order,was great,cooked med.well,prices are in line with other places, Great place to enjoy a cold one And root on your favorite team. Plenty of parking,
5	ALL THAT MATTERS IS THE GOULASH! get it, my gf and i wont even split it anymore, we both get it so we can eat it for leftovers. great spot and prices all around tho
2	Well, first time eating here and it was fairly good food overall - but, was very disappointed about the service itself. The waiters helper delivered our plates to the wrong table each time and then our entree's were delivered wrong so my wife's food came out and then I never got my entree and had to have it packed up to go as my wife finished and I are part of hers and was done eating. To too it off, the waitress who was very nice but I think overwhelmed didn't even realize I never got my meal..... Then to too this at the end when presented with bill with a an added alcoholic beverage........ Wow is all I can say.....Manager did remove my entree from bill after complaining about the mistakes....... Not sure we will ever return...The food was very good and the waitress was very sweet but needs to learn how to handle situations better in the future!!!!
3	In short the food was good, but the service needs improvement. We enjoyed the atmosphere; it lends to enjoying a good sports event. The staff was nice but slow and not knowledgable. Our server couldn't even give us "staff recommendations". While we may come back it is not likely our first choice.
3	Differentiating a sports bar might be one of the most difficult propositions in the restaurant industry. Even so, it's kind of hard to mess up the formula too.Wolfley's follows this formula with all of the trappings you'd expect from a typical sports bar. It's menu is filled with a good selection of burgers, wings, pizza, salads, and sandwiches. It's got plenty of TV's everywhere showing all of the games. And it's got a solid beer selection. I was surprised to find a beer from the Sleepy Dog - a local brewery that doesn't always make the local beer rotation at AZ restaurants.I should also mention that it was nice and clean and not grimy at all. I Can't think of much else to say about this place. I probably owe it another visit, but for now that's where I stand.
1	Ok we came back only to find that everything we ordered was no longer available! No bourbon wings, no onion strings no chicken strips. 3 strikes you're out.
5	Love Wolfley's in Desert Ridge! If you are looking for a sports Bar with more class you can't beat Wolfley's Neighborhood Grill! Great food! Great ambiance and great wait staff!  You can't go wrong with Wolfely's!
4	As sports bar/restaurants go, this is one of the best in town. Ron Wolfley (former Arizona Cardinal player and current broadcast color commentator) is frequently seen at his restaurant, and the dozens of HD TVs always have the myriad of games going on.The comfort food here is 2nd to none - massive burgers, sandwiches, wings, pizza and more. My personal favorite is their Rueben with house made chips with blue cheese & bacon crumbles with their special dipping sauce. The sweet potato fries are excellent too.My only complaint is the somewhat stingy Happy Hour, it's short (ends at 6) and has a limited selection of their ample variety of craft tap beers on the HH list. They could do better here, which is the only reason its not a 5-star to me.
3	I guess I had been listening to Ron Wolfley on the radio, but had never known who he was or the fact that he had a restaurant. I believe his playing career was before my time, but if you read the menu biography than you will learn his life story. This is the least famous sports guy in history to open a restaurant. Oh yeah the food. Well, my first visit was date night and we split a weird pepperoni flatbread. It was three pieces of the said bread with alot of lettuce on top and a side of balsamic. We dubbed it the salad pizza. Big fail, but plenty of seating outside and a nice cornhole facility as well. For some reason, date two took place back here for the Cardinals win over Philly and the results were better. The bloody Mary was 4 bucks and I had a huge hot pretzel, which fell in the above average pretzel category, but spicy cheese sauce was just cheese whiz. They do also use real turkey for the sandwiches. My question is why isn't Wolfley's radio feed played during the TV broadcast of the game? I guess the dude would have to have a huge ego to pull that stunt off, but it makes sense right?
2	Ate here for the first time tonight and will never return. The service and environment were fine but the food was poor.  My husband's sliders were brunt, my daughter's steak quesadilla tasted more like hamburger quesadillas, my potatoes were cold and watery and to top it off was my chicken noodle soup.  They ran out of soup and I was told they had to make more.  I ordered a bowl of soup but was given a cup. the cup of soup contained 1 piece of chicken,  2 noodles and some carrots.  Thankfully the waiter removed the $3 charge for the soup however our bill was still $70.   Hate to give negative reviews but felt I had to share this experience.  We should have gone to Blue 32. They have the best bar food.
1	I got charged for a side of ranch. Customer service not the best either. Not coming back.
3	They've tweaked the menu and the food quality is improved.  Lots of screens so you can watch the game and the service is friendly.  They will sit you right in front of your home team - if there is room.
5	BEST QUALITY WINGS IN PHOENIX METRO!! This is the real deal people! Owner is from Buffalo NY, birthplace of this now classic dish. Very tender, meaty and worth every penny. This picture is the spicy BBQ wings served on onion straws. Yummy, very filling!
4	This is a great sports bar. Super comfortable booths, easy access to watching TV. Very good food. We had the chicken soup, burgers, appetizers and a grilled ham sandwich. Everything was great, very good service too. Will definitely be going back.
3	The service was great. Food was ok. TVs in the background were ok, it just sucks to hear the loud tv commercials.
3	If you choose this place, sit at the bar. Good place to watch sports. Menu finally revised and not so dark inside. Try it again if you were disappointed before.
2	I've heard of this place for some time and as a last minute choice my girlfriend and I tried it out.  We arrived about 8:15 on a Friday and were seated fairly quickly.  The place is cool.  It's definitely a sports bar (which is a plus) and the connection with a former athlete, hometown team guy is cool.  They have a nice selection of microbrews, another plus.  That's about it.  The service was slow and the place was NOT busy.  We ordered burgers and cheese curds along with our beers.  When asked if we wanted the curds to come out first, we said yes.  The beers took a bit to arrive and the food took way too long...and the curds came out with the food.  That's all fine but don't ask if it's not going to come out early.  The curds were awesome but the portion size was quite small for the price.  Our burgers, ordered medium well, came out charred and lacking flavor. We ordered the Arizona (spicy) burger and Bacon & Bleu burger expecting a big flavor.  And a surprise at the end of the evening was that the coupon that they had sent us had fine print "subject to other rules". That's cool too but just tell us, don't surprise us at the end of the evening.  The jury is out whether we'll give it another try as there are a lot of awesome sports bar/restaurants out there.
4	Good food, great atmosphere and super cool owner! Very spacious and the patio is a nice hangout. The menu is quite extensive, so you should be able to find something if a burger and wings is not your thing.   The Cobb is my favorite salad. It is huge and full of meat and cheese. New Year's resolution to go more in 2015.
