1	I am ashamed to admit this.... but I do love me some papa johns. I adore Chicago pizza, but as I am currently away from the windy city a girl has to settle. In Houston I'd get this crap pizza once a month with no complaints on quality, delivery, etc. My love affair with PJ's ends here in Vegas. OMG this was the sickest pizza EVER. The pizza had spots with no cheese on it... the cheese sticks were disgusting and 1/2 of them had NO cheese. The worst part was, the marinara sauce they include with the cheese sticks was expired and rancid.. it was so disgusting. EWW don't be fooled into thinking all corporate chains mean consistent quality. PS- I did send in a lengthy complaint to Papajohns.com, but 2 weeks later have yet to receive a response... nice.
1	Soo.. the manager finally called me! He was pretty rude and unapologetic and said all he could do was give me a free pizza and cheesesticks next time I phoned in. I said ok, I'll give you guys another try, but will it be easy to redeem this "offer". He says just call, there's a note on my account. I call 3 days later to redeem my free pizza, but the guy on the phone said "I don't know what you're talking about" and basically gave me a lot of hassle about redeeming the offer. Then he said "well the delivery time is 2 hours anyways". TWO HOURS! Seriously people, on a tuesday. I have better things to do than waste 2 more seconds on these people. I guess they won't be getting their second chance after all...
1	Never again will I return to Papa Johns - not only was the food horrible but this isn't the first time the food was below good. The pizza we got tasted old, like it was pulled from the frig and placed in the oven. Among other things, my wife placed a order and used her credit it card and I was to pick it up, when I got there the manage asked for the card. Luckily I had it, but the last name on her card hasn't been changed yet. Keep in mind when I called, the call taker said it wouldn't be a problem. Well there was a problem - Vince the store manage was less then nice to me. I should have walked out but instead, used my card for the food. The manage was rude and not understanding and proceeded to tell me if I used the card on line, he wouldn't have needed to see the card - I told him that didn't make sense. Maybe it's this Papa John, I always seem to have issues with this location from my ordering being cancled at one time ( they said I called back and told them never mind) to waiting 2 hours for my pizza to arriave at my house. Never have had problems at the Pizza Hut or Marco's.
1	worst PJ's ever!I've ordered from this particular PJ's three times and each time there's been something bad. First time they forgot to make one of the three pizzas we ordered. Second time was a delivery that was supposed to be delivered within 30 minutes but arrived an hour later. Third time they were extremely rude when we went to pick up the order. They assumed I was someone else when I had walked in the door and barked "5 minutes" at me. 5 minutes what? The F you talking about? He thought I was someone who had called in earlier... what a douche.All three times they never had peppers or cheese. I will never again return back to this PJ's.
3	Looking at the reviews would have deterred me from getting delivery if I read them before ordering. Luckily, my experience was not bad. Continuing with the nerdy theme of this month, my friends and I got together for a rousing game of Axis and Allies. Nothing induces hunger more than an epic recreation of World War II, so we called the closest place to deliver. Placing an order online is the easiest method with little chances of mess up. Papa John's has a deal right now for one large specialty or up to seven topping pizza for $11. We ordered "The Works" which most places call a supreme. We also customized one with chicken, beef, sausage, onions, peppers, and jalapenos. With a delivery fee, taxes, and tip, it came out to $30. They quoted a 40-50 minute delivery time and came a little early. The pizza was hot, crispy, and the taste was alright. The sauce is on the runny side, but the toppings were good quality. It was nothing spectacular, but good enough for a day with the guys.
3	Good food and free pizza is always awesome! Drivers on the other hand speed in my neighborhood and drive like maniacs!
4	Great pizza and specials. Love the fact that they deliver late. Last time I ordered the driver was pretty lazy and made me meet him in the parking lot of my condo complex. I order delivery so i DON'T have to leave my condo... Sigh... Other than that the food is pretty good.
1	I agree with some of the reviews on this PJ's. At least now I know I am not the only one who experienced a rude manager and sub standard service. Pizza was late and they seemed to think it was okay to be late. It was an office function!!!!  No accountability at all. When I called to check on it they were like....it's on the way offering no apology! If other places like Mexican restaurants, sandwich delis can deliver on time - why can't a pizza place do it. At the end of the day they just don't have high standard and think nothing of being late!
2	I have been to this location a few times before, since I live right around the corner.  The service is never spectacular, but the pizza is always a good deal, especially since I have a coupon through my apartment complex.  Although the last time I went I was told that they do not accept those coupons and that I had to pay the full price for my pizza!  I spoke to the manager who was totally unsympathetic and sounded exhausted when i asked him why I was not able to use it.  I drove all the way there to get my pizza the least they could have done since they new that the coupon was out there is honor it and let me know that in the future they would not be able to honor it.  Very disappointed with the leave of service provided at this location.  Will be going to another location from now on.
1	I love Papa Johns Pizza but seems to always have trouble with this one. I ordered online at 10:00 pm recieved my order confirmation by email at 10:05 saying 40 to 50 min for delivery. Its really not far.. maybe 5 min away. At 11:10 I called to check on my pizza. No apologies  just told it would be there any time. I asked when that would be. She gave a snarky answer and said no more than 15 or 20 min!!!  I finally received my pizza at 11:20. Twice as long as the estimated.  On top of that my pizza was wrong.
1	The food is amazing. However, everytime i go for pick up or i order for delivery, i have to wait at least an hour. The other day, i was left waiting for an hour outside in my car. The employees were very rude and slow if u know what i mean. The person that took my order repeated my order several times but still ended up getting it wrong. I wont be visiting to this papa johns again anytime soon.
1	Awful awful awful! Ordered pizza online to be picked up at 8 pm. Upon arriving, we were missing half of the order, and then told we ordered incorrectly. Fine, whatever, not a big deal. On top of that, the pizza was cold, (practically frozen) so we didn't want it;  then the rude cashier said she can't return it because we ordered it at 6pm. We showed her the order was to be picked up at 8 and she finally returned it after insulting us multiple times. Never going to this location again. AVOID!
1	The 2011 super bowl - I placed a simple order for a large pizza and bread stick just before kickoff.  The phone conversation I had with them was epic.  "We ran out of this... we ran out of that...".  Oh and delivery will be 2 hours!!!  I understand that you are going to be busy on the day.  But the store manager should have been prepared and made sure to stock up and staff accordingly.  The pizza was not good.  Complete waste of time.  I tried contacting the Papa John's about this store and how badly it was run but there is no way to do that.  I guess they are okay with bad service and low quality food.
1	I called to place an order for a pepperoni & sausage pizza. I was told "we don't have that."  I asked how that is possible & I was told they only have that kind of pizza if ordered on-line & not over the phone. Seriously? Like a sucker I went on-line & ordered the pizza. When it arrived, the crust was quite doughy & extremely soggy & undercooked! Yuck, yuck & yuck! I will not be returning. Save your money!
5	I'm staying at the grand view which is way south from the strip. We ordered online, a little confusing at first but not impossible, great delivery time and the pizzas were perfffffect. They didn't actually come to the room but the delivery guy called and politely asked us to come downstairs to meet him. All around great service and I can't complain! Whiners can go home.
3	Boy if you don't have a coupon or a special out advertised. I think a medium pizza with mushroom and cheese pizza for $14.99 is expensive. that is like a gourmet pizza price.
1	I'm a big fan of Papa Johns and I usually order from a store by my house. Tonight I went over to a friends and ordered online from this location cuz it was right by here and they couldn't even deliver it to the right apartment. And when calling in they said it was our fault. They said we were making a prank call trying to get a free pizza. I'm a grown ass man, I don't need to play pranks to get food to feed me and my friends. They said they could promise another pizza in an hour but seriously?? Worst customer service. Never order from this location.
1	Ordered, had a problem. We are delivered pizzas 20 minutes late, over an hour in. Our Hawaiian was a plain cheese. Call the store. The manager wouldn't talk to us. Tells the kid on the phone we can wait another 45 minutes for the correct pizza or can have a gift card. Really? Maybe try something to appease the customer and apologize? Major miss. Sent the lot back and won't order again. Funny thing is I only like the garlic butter. The pizza is mediocre at best!
1	Ordered online and waited the 50 minutes of the 40-50 minutes that the email said before I called. I was told my pizza was on its way and should be there in 10-15 minutes. 20 minutes later I called again to find out my pizza went out for delivery an hour earlier, had to be remade and should be to my house within 10 minutes. 15 minutes later I called to cancel the order as my doorbell rang. The freezing cold pizza that was delivered to me was sent back. I recommend you skip the pain and go to Little Caesars, I did.
