5	This store is great... It's clean and all the employees are friendly
4	I frequent this Albertsons out of convenience but because they have great deals daily and the store is clean.  Like it's competitors, this is a one-stop supermarket, with a pharmacy, household necessities, camping and picnic stuff, toys, and food.  They have a floral department and a deli where you can get cut meat.  It's nothing out of the ordinary from other stores.Their produce section is pretty good, bringing in things like star fruit, artichokes, blood oranges, exotic vegetables and other items that would surprise most.  Their veggies and fruit always look pretty fresh, which I appreciate, and the prices are kept low with the preferred card.  As for the deli, it's a good place to grab this cheese I can't find anywhere else--munchee cheese.  They also have interesting meats like head cheese and others.  Their rotisserie chicken is always available along with pot roasts, fried chicken, all the fixings and bread.  Their international cheeses, meats and dairy, as well as their Asian canned food section is stocked nicely.  I love the fact that they carry siaopao in the freezer section, too.  This is the only one that I've found Lactose-Free Horizon milk at, which goes fast, so I usually buy 3 cartons at a time (the expiration dates are usually 3 months out).  Having stock that includes the international and exotic at times keeps me shopping here.  I don't know if it's because of the statistical data they have on the neighborhood, but I'm thankful for the things that they carry.  It keeps me cooking like I would back home.Overall, the employees are very friendly and helpful, the prices are pretty good with my preferred card, and I usually shop here three times a week when needed, usually saving 10-25 at the register each time.  As long as they stay clean, bring in those exotic fruits and canned goods, and continue to keep prices down, I'll continue to shop here.
1	Clean your bathroom!!  P.S.  you sell food cleanliness is a good thing
4	With all the store closures in the North Las Vegas area - it's hard not to appreciate this Albertson's because it's clean and it offers one stop shopping so you don't have to drive around in the heat for different household necessities. Lots of parking and friendly staff is another bonus.
2	This is the Albertson's I go to if I decide to get something before heading to work. I normally am able to find things I need on my own and there's usually nobody here early in he morning. However, today was a different story.I was pushing my cart and was looking for hummus. The two gentlemen working there asked me if they could help me find something. And my morning went like this...Me: where can I find hummus?Guy: hummus...it's on aisle 18 to your left.So, I went to aisle 18 which was the Kosher/ Asian / Hispanic aisle. I walked ever so slowly so I don't miss it but there was no hummus. I had a strong bad feeling when I was told to go to an aisle since hummus should be refrigerated but what do I know? I was going up and down each aisle trying to find my dang hummus. Is it in the dips aisle? Soups? Sauces? Is it with the cheeses?  Yogurt? NOOOOO!!! was getting frustrated and close to having a panic attack.  I found the friggin hummus next to the deli turkey and fried chicken! WTH?Obviously, the two gentlemen gave me the right answer to the wrong question. If only I asked them "where can I NOT find hummus?" then they would've been a lot more helpful.
1	WHAT A SCAM!!!Saw the weekly albertso s ad that listed "rib roast"4.97 lb.But when i went there i was suprised to find that you have to buy 20 LBS TO GET THAT PRICE!I was not alone there were other shoppers demanding to see the manager.I WILL NEVER SHOP ALBERTSONS AGAIN!
