5	Awesome salon and environment. Staff was really helpful and knew what they were talking about, plus took into account exactly what I wanted in terms of a look. Used scissors and not clippers with a great attention to detail. Serve a variety of beverages including beer. Just a great all around environment and will certainly be going back. Great addition to the Southend Neighborhood!
5	Awesome place! One of the best shampoos I have ever received.  I was very nervous about going to a new salon, I have had some bad experiences in the past.  But Taylor assured me I would absolutely love my hair when she was done...I took a leap of faith and she was right! I absolutely love the color she used!! Everyone was super friendly throughout my whole visit, asking how I was doing and if I needed anything.  I will absolutely be back and definitely recommend this salon to everyone!
5	They have beer! Enough said. Seriously though...great staff great environment. Prices are phenomenal! You get a cold beverage, haircut, shampoo, neck massage, scalp massage, and hand massage all included.  Ask for Noelle!
5	This place is the bomb.  I moved to Charlotte from Louisville a year ago and kept flying back every 3 months to get my hair done b/c I could not find a salon here that uses paul Mitchell color.  My hairdresser back in Louisville found this place for me and I could not be more pleased!!! I have long auburn hair and Kyle who is one of the owners did an awesome job. He and his wife taylor are the owners and taylor is a paul Mitchell educator.  They were so professional and everyone there was so friendly and knowledgable.   I am so thrilled to find this place.  My hair looked awesome when I left there yesterday and I am THRILLED to have finally found my new hair salon in Charlotte.   It was a fabulous experience!
5	You will not find a better salon! Great products, great staff, and amazing service! Go see Dorian!!
5	If I could give this place ten stars I would. This is the epitome of AMAZING! It's passionate people doing what they love. The crazy thing is, it's not just one person, it's the whole team. I guarantee you will leave the salon happy about life and sexy bombshell hair! The basic way to explain is they are in their bubble of happiness. When you first walk in, you are greeted at the door and promptly offered a refreshment: local beers on tap, mimosas (only on Sat.) and of course the non-alcoholic choices. No matter what stylist, you get, you're in for a treat. (I've been going to Taylor for three years and she is my hair goddess.) You will consult with your stylist and if they don't know how to do what you're wanting, someone will. This is a teaching salon, so they are always thirsting for ways to hone their craft. They are not satisfied with just the ordinary, Alchemy wants to find a way to make it extraordinary. There is a whole laundry list of perks when you come here: hand massages, scalp massages, blowouts, lip service and guess what, all of this is included with your haircut/color. I've never found a place that puts so much thought into the customer and their needs. You will not be disappointed if you choose Alchemy. This is truly a team of people who are living their dream.  If you're looking for an experience and not just another haircut, I highly recommend this salon!
5	Awesome place! Staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. My stylist really took her time and gave me the exact cut I has hoping for. Highly recommend and will definitely return!
5	I remember seeing Steel Magnolias for the first time as a kid, and hoping one day I could find a salon like theirs. On top of that vision, I've been looking for a stylist who "gets" my hair. The search is over. My first cut and color with Jessica was the first time I was truly in love with my hair. The team at Alchemy cares about building a relationship with their guests and it shows. Laidback atmosphere, but serious about hair, Alchemy keeps up to date by learning from one another and the best in the business. So, if you've been looking for a home for your hair, where everyone knows your name, stop by Alchemy!
5	If I could, I would throw fistfulls of stars - buckets! boatloads! - at this Yelp review.  My experience at Alchemy: the Workshop was, hands down, the best salon experience that I have ever had.  I tend to be a little neurotic when it comes to getting haircuts.  As a general rule, booking a salon appointment generally falls somewhere in line alongside root canals and blind dates on my anxiety scale: two hours in an uncomfortable chair trying to impress someone that I will probably never see again (of course I floss/love kids/get regular trims!) from which I leave sore, numb, and with the distinct impression that no one understood a thing I said.  I have left salons in rages, tears, and with my hair in a ponytail.  Alchemy: the Workshop has changed everything.  First off, the atmosphere is AMAZING. The decor is chic and warehouse-y, but the people in it lend it a warmth and welcome that feels like coming home.  Everyone - from the receptionist to the owners themselves - is witty, playful, utterly charming, and goes out of their way to make you feel comfortable.  Would you like a complimentary beer while your color sets?  A paraffin wax dip between conditioning and cut?  Why not sit on the patio and enjoy the day during your gloss treatment?  Nothing is rushed.  Everyone listens, considers, and thoughtfully suggests solutions.  As if that weren't enough, my stylist, Noelle, worked absolute magic with my hair.  Magic, I tell you.  I came in with a heavy, parched, sun-damaged curtain of lackluster waves plastered against my head and left with soft and silky, bouncy, weightless curls.  The cut is amazing.  The subtle color change is amazing.  The products she recommended are amazing.  Seriously, I drove to the mall afterwards just so that I could walk around in public with my movie-star hair.  Truth.The only regret that I had upon leaving was that I had to wait four weeks before coming back.  I am absolutely sold on Alchemy: The Workshop.  Don't walk.  Run.  And tell everyone I said hi!
5	I have never been happier with a cut and color than when I walked out of this salon.  The entire staff is beyond friendly and goes out of their way to make everyone feel welcome.  They are passionate about doing what they love and it shows.  And they server beer and mimosas!!!
5	I came to alchemy to get my hair done professionally for the first time in years! The salon itself is amazing. Everything is chic and modern looking. The staff is beyond awesome!!! They are all so welcoming whether you are their client or not. This salon is a prime example of teamwork. Free head massage with every wash, free beer while your getting done up! Tons of products to choose from but no pushiness to purchase. They are extremely well educated with their knowledge on hair care. Their mission is to make your hair look as fabulous and healthy as it can and they follow through!! Please please friends go check this place out and ask for Jess or noelle or Taylor or Kyle!!!!
5	I'm new to Charlotte and decided to try Alchemy. It's convenient to Uptown, a cheerful and well designed space with a delightful crew.Dorian rocks!
5	This place is AMAZING, everything from the people to the atmosphere was absolutely exceptional. Today was the first time I've ever gotten my hair professionally colored and I couldn't be happier with the result. I went in unsure of exactly what I wanted, but my stylist, Andrea, was more than helpful with suggestions and opinions. Every single employee in there was wonderful as well, there was not one person that didn't ask if I was doing okay and/or offer me a drink or something to eat, they even offered to order me food while my color set! Not only did they check on me, but they all were helping and offering to help each other out, they really were an amazing team. The owners were in there and extremely involved as well, they were incredibly knowledgeable and offered up their suggestions, opinions, and help too. A long with my hair color I got a free trim and a free hand wax thing that felt amazing. They also give you lipstick or gloss to go with your new hair and make you feel even prettier! I also purchased a treatment that Andrea suggested and my hair feels awesome. I didn't feel like she was suggesting things just to upsell, she was being honest and genuine with tips and suggestions. Overall being there felt more like going over to a friends house for a spa day rather than going into a salon but produced amazing salon results!The most important thing though is that I'm absolutely OBSESSED with my new hair!!!!
5	One word: awesome! The staff there is very friendly and really take pride in what they do. My stylist (Andrea) took the time to explain to me what she was doing as she cut my hair, as well as how to do it at home (as a horrible home stylist, this was great to know)!The owner Kyle kept checking in to make sure I was happy with how the cut was going and shared upcoming events at the salon. I cannot wait to go back! I absolutely love my haircut!
5	Outstanding customer service and smiles from everyone! Thanks again especially Taylor and noelle!
5	Just moved to Charlotte and saw this place got great reviews. Jess, Taylor, and Kyle were awesome. Went in with a vague idea for cut and color and left with a fantastic new color. My hair has never felt softer.  Staff is very knowledgable and welcoming.  Bonus with the wash is a great scalp and neck massage that rivals massage parlors.  Reviews were right on. I have found my salon in my new home. Thanks to all the staff.
5	I'm not sure any review I write can really do Alchemy the justice it deserves (you just need to go on in and see for yourself), but I'll give it a shot.  Alchemy opened right around the corner from my house last summer and after walking past it to and fro work every day for about a month, waving to the friendly stylists, I decided to walk in and see about getting some highlights and a haircut.  All I can say is WOW.  Let me preface this review with the fact that my mother has worked at a hair salon in Atlanta for years and I get my hair done by the owner there (who's amazing and has been doing hair for 20 years) for free whenever I can make it down.  I never even bothered trying to find a salon in Charlotte in the 3 years I've lived here and yet, in spite of this, I have been paying (gladly) to get my hair done at Alchemy ever since my first appointment with Noelle and Jess last year.  I received countless compliments on my color after my blonding experience and was extremely pleased with my cut (which is not usually the case). Not only do they deliver a top-notch, consistent service every.single.time., but the owners (Taylor and Kyle), all of the stylists, and support staff (Hey Tay!) also happen to be fun, kind, and overall amazing individuals.  I cannot say enough good things about each and every one of them. I came in, without a referral, and left with amazing hair and what felt like a horde of new friends.  At Alchemy, they take every possible measure to make you feel comfortable and the atmosphere is invigorating. Everyone in Charlotte (boys and girls!) need to run, not walk to Alchemy, and be prepared to find your new go-to spot for all your styling needs, I promise you won't regret it.  I for one, have found mine!Thank you to the entire staff at Alchemy the workshop!!!
5	Finally I found a place where you can feel that everyone who works there is incredibly passionate about what they do. Signed up for their meNbership and will be going there often. What a treat! Thank you!
5	This. Place. Rocks. It is the ultimate salon experience. From the moment you walk in,  Tay- Director of All Things Fabulous (love it!!!) - is there to greet you at the door, take you on a short tour of the salon and offer you a beverage along the way. Everyone there is friendly and knowledgable and makes you feel right at home. You have to go see Noelle! Since going to Alchemy, I will never go to another salon or let another stylist touch my hair besides Noelle. Plus, the scalp massage during the shampooing is reason enough for me. Go check out Alchemy: the Workshop for your next salon experience. Love this place!!
5	Best Hair salon i've ever been to - i've been to a lot of places in bigger cities, but Alchemy by far is the most amazing place with stylists who know what they are doing, and they explain the process, your hair type, and make sure your hair is healthy and beautiful. i will recommend it to anyone who wants their hair treated the way they should be! Love Taylor and Kyle who are experts in trichology, and hair cut technique, styling and coloring.
1	DO NOT GET THEIR BRIDAL PACKAGE. They provided a horrible experience for my sisters wedding. The original person my sister was supposed to get her hair done by double booked and cancelled. The shop didn't offer my sister a second run through. The day of they didn't do my sisters hair they way she wanted it and she left very upset. My mom's hair was done first and she was told by the female owner that before we left she would redo the curls a little bit because she knew that they would fall before we left. She didn't do this, the lady was more worried about her other clients stating loudly and rudely that they were more important than us. She did this on the open floor and made my mother cry. So, the two most important people left upset. My hair was so-so. It was like they were more in a rush to get rid of us then doing what we wanted to be done. They kept complaining about time. We were supposed to be a party of 7 but 2 didn't come so that left us as a party of 5 which means they should have had more time to get all of us done properly. I found the staff mostly nice. The female owner is really rude and I would never go back for that reason.
5	Fantastic salon. I can't say enough about how much I love Dottie and the rest of the staff here. I've been coming to Dottie since last summer, and she consistently dyes and cuts my hair to perfection.
5	This is an amazing spot. Not only do you get top notch service, but an amazing experience to go along with it. From the receptionist to any stylist customer service is they're number 1 priority. You feel like you stopped by a friend's house rather then walking into a salon. Now it's on to the final product, by far one of the best haircuts I've had. My friend and I tried the Paul Mitchel school and got a botched hair cut at best. My hair was heavy and uneven. We went in there as we had a great experience in there prior and the senior stylist said she would do a correction hair cut for me. By the end I loved the haircut and they had me hooked! Would defiantly recommend this salon to anyone that's looking to have that pampered feel great experience that a salon can offer.
5	I am telling you now this place is awesome!  A well known secret in Charlotte.  They do an excellent job, but even more than that, they want to MAKE SURE YOU are happy!! They take so much time with every client, I am just blown away.  I have been to some of the finest salons in Miami, LA and even NY.  This place blows them away.  They are so knowledgeable with color, straightening and cutting.  I thought I was doomed when I moved here b/c I didn't want to blow my wallet on some mediocre "hairdo".  I wanted color that looked like it was kissed by the sun, that looked natural and not "dyed".  Well guys, this is the place.  I recommend it 100%! Not only have I found a phenomenal salon, everyone that works there  is friendly.  No snobby atmosphere found here!  You will not be disappointed.
2	Relocated here from Chicago and looking for a new stylist. It fills me with dread going anywhere else but my hair is a mess after 4 months since my last appt.. I'm the long lost sister to Shaggy from Scooby-Doo at this point! You can't go anywhere for glossy wow color and pixie type cut. Not all stylists stay up to date with industry techniques or can take one look at you and create a work of art. I learned this the hard way. Found this place on Yelp and decided to try and set an appointment. Why not? Their reviews are one of the best. However, though they may be awesome, first-timers have to wait for first available 4-6 weeks out. Yikes!!!How about you offer to see if I can be squeezed in or called if a cancellation comes up? How about 2 weeks from now? I'm sure that sounds impossible. I get it, but try to win my business.So one star just for not making a potential loyal customer feel worth trying to go the extra mile.My search continues. PS- Don't overlook this business because I'm disgruntled. Just plan accordingly that their first available is 4-6 weeks out from when you call...if your visiting for the first time.
5	I literally cannot say enough wonderful things about this salon! The owners, Kyle and Taylor, are such wonderful and welcoming people. They immediately make you feel at home with the salon tour you get on your first visit and genuinely care that your experience is perfect.Jess is my hairstylist, she's a dream. I came in with a picture and came out with the color successfully carried out to exactly what I want. I love the fact that they collaborate as a team on color and really get excited to take chances with you! I feel more like a friend to everyone here than a client and that's so hard to find in a salon.I can honestly say this is the only salon I've ever left completely satisfied with my color and cut, normally it takes me time to adjust to it but they're so spot on here that there was no hesitation in my love for my color!The salon makes it all about you, no assigned booths and a dreamy wash room that focuses on making sure you're relaxed. I wouldn't recommend anywhere else for a cut or color for both guys and girls!
5	I have always gotten cheap haircuts (+/-$10), until my SO convinced me it really wasn't a good idea anymore and I should try something new. We found This place here on Yelp, and figured it was worth a shot. I felt comfortable as soon as I walked in. They don't take walk-ins but they had a spot open in a half hour, so they slotted me in, gave me a beer, and I sat on the patio while the time flew by. The stylist was super personal and professional and asked me enough questions to figure exactly what I wanted, and then totally delivered. Included in the experience and price and was a wash/rinse and a hand and shoulder massage which was unexpected but sorely needed. They even lined me up for another appointment in 5 weeks, which is turning out to be right on time. Total pros. I felt completely "taken care of" and would recommend 10/10. Completely worth the considerably low price in every way.
5	I just moved to Charlotte in June(2014) and needed to find a place to cut my hair. I never go to the chain places(supercuts, great clips, etc) because when I have in the past, I leave looking like I have Lego man hair. I get a fairly normal mens haircut (short but not with clippers, only scissors) and Jess does a great job. They truly care about their customers and make them feel as comfortable and welcomed as possible. They offer you a water or a glass of a local brew when you arrive. They have slightly skewed hours but it works in favor of the nomal 9-5ers(I believe they are open from 12-9). Once they cut your hair, they then take you to shampoo/condition it while giving you a nice scalp massage. They will also put a hot towel on your face and give you an arm massage. Finally, they will style your hair before sending you on your way. I wouldn't trust anyone else with my hair than someone at Alchemy(especially Jess).
5	Still am madly in love with this place, the people, the service. They are genuinely excited that you're there and want to give you the best haircut/style/color for you. It's honestly just a fun, wonderful experience when you're there. The entire crew, from Taylor and Kyle to Ashley, Noelle, and Jess, (and everyone else in between) are just amazing and creative individuals. I will never trust my hair to anyone but them!!
5	This place is great for a men's cut! I was visiting from NYC and was looking for a place similar to the one I typically go to and I was blown away. Great service for a great value - best cut I've had in awhile. Ask for Shaun.
5	Literally the best experience I have had at a salon, the people there are super friendly and the hair cut went well. The prices is relatively well priced. A great location for me since I live in the building near by.
