4	Enjoyed my haricut today.  Everyone was very nice and helpful  Will be going back again!.
1	BEWARE!!!!I HAVE BEEN TO BEAUTY BRANDS SPA SERVICES TWICE AND HAVE BEEN OVER CHARGED BOTH TIMES!!!  That's 100% of the time!!!  The first time, my mother-in-law took my daughter to get a haircut, I had called twice- once to check availability and once to book the appointment, and both times I confirmed the price.  When my mother-in-law came back I saw the receipt and saw that they had overcharged us by $10.  I did contact them and they refunded me the $10.I decided to give them another chance and took my daughter back there to get a manicure a few weeks later, again I confirmed the appointment and price when I called.  We arrived 5 minutes before the her appointment time.  She was checked in, and then we waited.  The staff walked by us numerous times, two of them including the manager, were chatting at the desk behind us most of the time.  Finally, 15 minutes after the appointment was suppose to start, I went back to the desk, to confirm the appointment time.  The manager who had checked my daughter in acted like she had never seen us before.  I confirmed that her appointment was at 1:00pm, she said yes.  When I mentioned that it was now 1:20, she said she would check on things.  My daughter was taken back at 1:25.  When she came out, her nails were completely wet.  She said they didn't have a dryer- kinda surprised since they say they are a spa.  She also had hang nail, that they didn't even clip.  As we were checking out I noticed they had charged me $29 instead of the $17 they had quoted me.  Then the girl checking me out, pulled out their brochure and showed me where it said $29, but the brochure said that was for a pedicure.  I pointed that out to her, and she changed the price back to $17. We then went home where my daughter waited 2 hours before doing anything so her nails could dry.  Then at 5pm, ( 3 hours after we left), she went to reach for something and the polish came of the center of her thumb nail!  I won't be going back.  If they overcharge the same customer twice, it's pretty obvious this is their usual standard of operation.
2	Although I was greeted upon my arrival, I found the staff to be very rude, short, and MIA when I was trying to check out. I do like they offer a variety of options when it comes to hair products, but not sure I will rerturn, knowing I can find those products elsewhere with better service.
