5	What a great dining experience...I was in town for Vegas with my Rusk team members and we had our team dinner here.  The margarita's are huge and after a long weekend of working our asses off in 110 degree heat.  A nice margarita did the trick to cool me down.Everyone's meals came out in a timely fashion, and looked delicious as they were coming down onto the table.I had the Salmon Tropical.  I can honestly say that this was the first salmon meal I ever ate at a restaurant that wasn't dry.  IT was the best salmon I had ever eaten.  Even mine at home couldn't top this one.The salmon was not only moist, but the sauce around it was devine.
4	Cozymel's makes me happy.  I used to go here all the time when I worked at UNLV and I discovered 2 things: 1) The sauce they serve with the flautas is seriously, seriously addicting and 2) the margarita 'sampler' is not something you should partake of while on a lunch break from work.  That thing is MUCH more than a sampler.Their salsa is great, and there're few things I love more than a good salsa.  Again, their flautas come with a cheese sauce that I could eat by the spoonful.  Their shrimp bisque also serves as a delicious chip accompaniment.  The Queso Flameado (on the appetizer menu) with chicken, shrimp, or both rules my life.  (Creamy cheese sauces, mushrooms, peppers, onions, cilantro pecan pesto all mixed together and flambeed table side.  Served with warm tortillas.  Good enough for a meal.)  The raspberry margarita is delicious.  The whole thing is just yum.The flavors are different insofar as Americanified Mexican food, but it's not authentic Mexican by a long shot.  However, few things are as nice as getting yourself some table side flambe while sippin' on a margarita on their patio on a spring afternoon.  Man, that sounds nice.
4	Good mexican food (not great) but a place you can get away from the tourists (which I like when going on business).  Service is good, and margs are quite tasty as well.
3	Fair food for a fair price.  Unless you're drinking alcohol, you'd be hard pressed to spend over $50 for 2 here and if you do, you're fuller than a 80 lb zit faced kid at the Wynn buffet.
3	Decent prices and medicore food. I had a scallop and shrimp enchilada with black beans and rice which wasn't bad by any means but you know that full feeling that sticks around even hours after you have had your meal?? Yep, that was this. I took the leftovers back to my hotel but couldn't bring myself to eat them because I didn't want to feel that way again.The mojito, while essentially flavorless (I kinda like to taste the mint that is supposed to be muddled into my drink) was still pretty strong. The atmosphere is warm and it's odd but it seemed almost southern in its decor with the whittled wooden chairs and tables coupled with tropical leaved plants and adobe-esque colors. Hunh. Not a place I would run to, but I wouldn't run from it either.
4	Yeah yeah yeah....I hear you.....the food is not the best I have ever had, but you gotta admit that the guacamole they make to order at your table is downright heavenly. I am not sure why the other reviewers felt the drinks were sub-par...maybe I am just a lightweight when it comes to alcohol but I thought the margaritas were yummy. Bottom line: Cozymel's is getting 4 stars from me for the patience exhibited when myself and a group of girlfriends held an impromptu bachelorette "pre-party" party in their bar. Take 6 drunk, LOUD and obnoxious girls, add a naughty bachelorette cake and assorted naughty party gifts, and you could potentially have a 4 alarm fire on your hands. The bartender and waitress were good sports, and he even came out from behind the bar for a bit to wish the bride-to-be well. Awwwww......PS - Plus they gave us some free appetizers too!!!! Ummmm, maybe that was to help soak up some of the alcohol.....?
3	I ate here the other day for a business lunch. I have eaten at the one in Manhattan Beach a few times, so it was a good choice to take a client. I totally love the tableside quacamole....it has never let me down! But a huge disappointment was the Ahi Tuna Wrap...it was a tortilla with seared ahi, lettuce, and tomato and some sauce I didnt discover til my last bite. it was flavorless and really watery. Eat there all you want, it has a lot of great items, but skip that Ahi Tuna Wrap...it was tasteless and the weird fries were not a good accompiant to it...
3	We had already been driving around for an hour looking for a place to eat so by the time we finally reached this place I was pretty hungry and grouchy. Wasn't expecting much given the fact that it was a big bright corporate place in Vegas but it actually ended up being pretty good. I ordered the shrimp and scallop enchiladas which were really good. I loved the sauce they put on them but they didn't put very much which I wasn't too happy about. But I ate the majority of my food so it couldn't have been that bad. If I was in the area and lost for a place to eat and once again came across this place I would definitely hit it back up but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. Oh. And don't order the ranch dressing. It's more oily than creamy and tastes fresh out of the bottle. Disgusting.
3	Clean inside with pretty decor.  Never busy with great service.  The Tableside Guacamole is devine.  Yummmm......The Margarita Cheesecake is a straight up hangover cure.The Cancun sauce is unique and delicioso!Not the best mexican food I've ever had, but it has a small soft spot in my heart.
4	I finally tried the Cancun Enchiladas which has cheese, scallops, shrimp, pico de gallo and Cancun sauce.  I thought I died and went to hangover heaven.  Wow.  It was absolutely delish.  Simple, but tasty.  The banana crisp dessert was NO joke.  The servers always recommended it, so I finally tried it.  It's almost cheesecake meets banana pudding with nilla wafers.  Very gooooood.
3	I highly recommend the margarita sampler.  You will not be disappointed.    If you're going for Happy Hour, that's the best I can do for you, since every time I've been for HH, I get so frustrated waiting for a waitress, that I go sit a the bar or just leave.  The entrees are similar to Chili's, Chevy, or other Mex/Tex-Mex Fare.  Nothing particularly special or unique, but not bad either.
4	Mmmmmmmmmmmmm, yummy! Having lived in Vegas for almost 4 years, this is one of the best Mexican restaurants. I loved the atmosphere & decor.  Service slacked a little toward the end, but overall, good time.  The salsa rocked my world!  Black beans are the bomb!!!
2	Meh.. You are only  hours from the border. Find the real deal while in Vegas. There are plenty of spots. Don't waste your taste buds here. You're not missing anything special other a friendly staff.
3	Enjoyed Cozymel's.This a great spot off the strip, and we really do enjoy the restaurant. The service is consistent, friendly and quick.The food is very good, and fresh. The salads are crisp and crunchy and  the guacamole served tableside is delicious.I love having an option that I know I can count on off the strip where parking isn't an issue and it satisfies the craving for Mexican food.
5	We first found the resturant in La Jolla and than realized it is the same in Vegas and so we went! It was very good and the service is excellant! I think they really know how to do mexican food and seafood!
2	Cozymel's is an ok place in terms of food. It is not great yet it is not awful it is merely decent. I had a beef burrito and it was to say the least mediocre. One reviewer said it best if you are in Vegas skip Cozymel's and find another place as I found Cozymel's to be both expensive and underwhelming. On a positive note Cozymel's has a very nice atmosphere. Also it is next to Hamada of Japan.
3	This is a business and somewhat tourist oriented restaurant in the center of town, just east of the Las Vegas Strip.I come here at times for business lunches, tends to be pretty good - nothing spectacular, but serviceable - reasonable food, reasonable prices, good service.Items like the carnitas, fajitas and other standard fare are rendered well and relatively middle of the road, so they have broad appeal, do not offend anyone, but are not terribly unique or interesting either - standard but, again, reasonably good.Outdoor seating area is nice, weather permitting.
1	I went for a late lunch at Cozymel's today and I was a very disappointing experience.The service was extremely slow eventhough there were only 3 other tables that were occupied.  The waitress seemed very disinterested, moved very slow and didn't watch over the floor.  She never came around to asked how the food was nor to check on our drinks, which most of my table finished and waited so long that we finished our meals and was ready to pay for the check.  Speaking of which we were still left waiting so long that someone had to go look for her around the restaurant to get our bill (she never did see us wave for her).The food was very mediocre Americanized Mexican food.  The meat was over cooked with very little seasoning, and the sauces were strangely bland, not what you would expect at a Mexican restaurant.  The side of beans were so salty it was barely edible. The side of their 'famous' Mex slaw was merely a garnish, which was a good thing because it also lacking in flavor except for the overwhelming amount of raw onions.  I was very disappointed as I love coleslaw.I left the restaurant unsatisfied and feeling a bit sick.  I felt bad because I took my coworkers there with me.  The only good thing I have found was the nice outdoor dining patio.   I would rather go to Baja Fresh or Chipotle for a better tasting lunch for half the price.
3	Yeah, this is a rock solid 3 stars. Nothing great, nothing horrible, just a middling place.I take clients out here sometimes since it is close to the office, relatively inexpensive to take a group of 12+, and most people enjoy generic Mexican food. So, it is usually a win-win on my part.They have lots of standard dishes, nothing of which I've tried that stands out. Happy hour means 1/2 price beers even in the dining area, which is always helpful on my expense report budget. They actually serve a 32oz (at least, I believe it was a 32oz), Blanca Carta in the bottle. I felt so embarrassed when I ordered it. Felt I needed a little paper bag. But luckily everyone else was enjoying themselves, so I didn't feel too self conscious. Service here is 2 stars. They don't go above and beyond, but don't necessarily ignore you (most of the time). But yes, it can take a while to get someone's attention.
4	I tried Cozymel's on a recommendation from my parents.  Living in San Diego, I never go to chain Mexican places - there are just too many other places to try.  I was expecting Cozymel's to be okay, nothing great.We went for lunch, and I was happy to see a whole page of lunch specials for about $8.  Usually, an enchilada combo plate could set you back close to $15 at a Mexican chain.  Not here (during lunch at least).  I ordered the taco salad with black beans instead of meat.  It came in an enormous flour tortilla shell - tostada style.  It was excellent.  The ingredients were very fresh, and it had just the right amount of everything. The chips and salsa were also fresh and delicious - no gigantic pieces of cilantro in the salsa, yay!  Others ordered a seared chicken burrito, tortilla soup, and an enchilada plate.  Everyone thought everything was surprisingly good.  The service was fine.Sign up for their email list and get $10 off.  Cozymel's is great if you're looking for something reasonably priced and healthy-ish (depending on what you order) instead of stuffing yourself at a Vegas buffet!  I'd return.
1	I went to Cozymel's this afternoon and it was horrendous. I've been to this location 2 times prior, and had mixed feelings.  I've had one good experience, but the last two have been terrible. I just figured it was a fluke last time, but alas nothing changed. The bartender that worked today made the worst margarita I have ever had. It was poorly made, too sour, and it was served with a piece of lime that looked like it had been sitting in the fruit tray for 3 days. My server was attentive and excellent, but that does not excuse the food and drink. My margarita was replaced by  a vodka and cranberry with no garnish that was too strong for me to drink without gagging. I squeezed the lemon from my water into the drink and it was marginally better.  Maybe they were trying to get me drunk to make up for that margarita, but apparently the bartender doesn't understand that if there's too much liquor and it isn't balanced, it throws off the drink. The food was so-so. Nothing to brag about, nothing to compliment. Largely bland and tasteless. I could of gotten better food at Roberto's. The only upside is the ambiance, which is fun and they have a great outdoor patio. It's close to UNLV and some of the off-the-strip hotels which makes it convenient. Regardless of the ambiance, conveniency, and good service you go to a restaurant to eat, not just for the pretty things outside and the courteous service.
5	I've been to this restaurant many times over the years. I've eaten a wide variety of dishes here (about seven). I really like this restaurant in "Restaurant Row." My husband loves their cancun sauce, a cheesy creamy seafood sauce that he could happily drink with a a straw. I have never had any problems here but then again, I rarely make adjustments to my selection. We frequently went to this restaurant when it participated in the www.restaurant.com certificate program. (Sad, that they no longer participate in this program.) The manager, Tony, had come to recognize us. We also really like the ambiance. The staff is very good. My favorite dish is the Fajitas Grandes- tortillas, guacamole, sour cream, pico de gallo, beans, & rice with roast pork, shrimp, beef and chicken. It is soooo good. The roast pork is the best I've ever tasted (I've been to Hawaii many times and I've been to many luaus.) and this is saying a lot since I do not normally eat pork on a regular basis. It is delicious and the portion is generous (I usually ask for a to-go box). You can order this dish for one or two people. My husband's favorite dish here is the seafood burrito with the yummy aforementioned cancun sauce and it does come with beans and rice. I've had this one before; it's very good, but I keep ordering the fajitas. We like other dishes here, don't get me wrong, but these are our favorites.This restaurant has a Happy Hour and does catering too. I looked at the catering menu online and it looked reasonable. I would definitely consider this restaurant for catering service.
4	First time guest. Great food: the tacos and tamales. Not my favorite salsa but the chips were fantastic. Order the churros with carmel & strawberry dip! Very impressed. Will return again.
2	Ok call me a picky bitch but because I was born and raised in Los Angeles, I am very discriminating when it comes to Mexican food. I know Mexican food damn it. My son is half Mexican. I have (ex) Mexican in-laws. I watch Mexican soccer and yell "goooooolazo golazo! azo! azo! azo!" too. So I know what's up. This place is the type of place you take people who are too scurrred to try REAL Mexican food ("is that a tongue on your plate?!").  This place doesn't even serve tripa, lengua, cabeza...you won't find Mexicans up in here! That's not authentic to me. Authentic to me is a place that serves the aforementioned body parts (yum) and bottomless horchata...when I came this place didn't even have horchata. WTF.
3	I'll raise Cozymel's from a 3 star to a 3 1/2 star rating because of the dessert.  More on that later. It's been probably over 10 years since I ate here once as a tourist.  As I was driving by, heading to a familiar place, I decided to give it a go and try something different.  I was glad I did.  It's standard Tex/Mex.  The food could use a little more spice, but I assume they are directing their seasoning toward the people who want the Tex/Mex flavor without any zing.Chips and salsa were completely average.  The salsa tasted like it came from a bottle of Pace salsa - nothing special there.  For the entree, I had the Pork Rostistado with "spicy verde sauce" or so the menu says.  The meal came with rice, black beans with some cheese sprinkled on the beans, and some great sauteed vegetables - zucchini and carrots - and the standard container of tortillas. As for the "spicy verde sauce," well it wasn't spicy.  The plain black beans had more zing than the verde sauce.  I asked my server for some Cholula and the dish took on a spicier flavor, more the way I like it.  The pork was very tasty, and in all, it was a good meal.Of course, going to a different place means you have to try dessert just to see if the place is on the up and up.  I got their Banana Napoleon that was highly recommended by my server.  It was layers of banana pudding, sweetened, fried tortilla squares, and fresh bananas and whipped cream. She was right.  It was superb, but way too big!  OK, I made the sacrifice and finished it so there was no waste of food from me.Service was excellent.  My server was a delightful young woman, very attentive, and she brought me refills of my iced tea promptly and without me having to request it.I'll be returning.  This is an OK place for what it is, Tex/Mex in a nice atmosphere and a different selection of some menu items.
3	We came to Cozymel's when some family was in town for the weekend. I was really in the mood for some good mexican food, so i was excited to go here simply because it had outdoor seating and looked festive (ha!). The food was pretty good - definitely not authentic mexican, but what I expected from a chain mexican restaurant. Our waiter was extremely enthusiastic and happy to be serving us, so I was decently impressed with the service. Although, we were attacked by some employee towards the end of our dinner, trying to sell us a souvenir picture of our table, which was annoying. But - there was something even weirder about this place. It was a very busy weekend in Vegas - it was a Saturday night - and the place was DEAD. I found this really weird, as we were at Bahama Breeze the week before, and waited for about a half hour even when we had a reservation. Therefore, I assumed this place would probably be the same situation. I was wrong! I usually wouldn't notice something like this, but considering there were only about 3 tables occupied including ours, it made me skeptical of the place...just a thought! However, I would recommend this place if you're just looking for a quiet, decent, quick meal.
