5	Soooo I got really mad at my now ex(again) and I threw the watch he bought me at him, which ended up sliding on the ground...... A few times. Now this wasnt a cheap flea market watch, this was a 150$ Vestal watch. It was an amazing watch! Luckily it didnt shatter, this watch is def built tough! So I venture down from my apartment and find this place. I entered and its cool bc he has a remote door so he has to buzz you in. There were 3 people already in there, all regular customers! Good sign! I sit and wait, very paitiently since I have no job, lol. Its finally my turn! I tell him the story, he laughs and said he'll have it ready in 15mins, wow! Ok so I go next door and eat and come back. Again he has a few people waiting! This man must be the go to guy!! My watch was good as new! The damage for my tantrum was 15$ and of course I gave him a lil tip.Go check him out if you need jewelery/watch repair, parts, and the whole 9!
5	Alberto was awesome! There were two people before me and he was finished with them in less than five minutes and finished with me in less than 10. He was super friendly and speaks perfect Spanish and English. He even set my watch to the right time after replacing the battery.
5	Does a great job at a fair price. Fixed two of my Seiko's and got them running again. I would use him again.
5	I went to this place to replace my band for my watch and it was awesome.Friendly and quick at your service.This is great place to repair your watch. They will professionally fix your watches in 10min. Highly recommended!
5	Having postponed getting my watch battery replaced for several months, I finally got off work early to swing by this little place tucked in Summerlin.  I was greeted immediately by the owner Alberto, who was very courteous and pleasant.  Upon presenting my watch, he went to work immediately and had the battery replaced within 10 minutes.  He cited that he only purchases the "freshest" batteries so he assured me the battery would be of the highest quality (usually good for 2-3 yrs) and also gave me a card with a one-year warranty included.  Also appreciated the fact that he set the date and time upon returning the watch and charged me 10 dollars for battery and services rendered.  Start to finish, very professional and very reasonably priced.  Small business owner who takes great pride in his work, major credit cards accepted.
5	I live near this shop. The reviews guided me to this establishment. I tried to call before going and much to my disappointment YELP CONTAINS THE wrong number. The correct number is 702-434-9333
4	The name of the business says it all. Very quick and also affordable but the work is done by a knowledgeable professional. I bought a watch for my mother and needed a few links taken out. The owner Alberto sized it right away and charged $10. I will be coming back again to replace batteries.
5	They fixed my gold necklace for 15 dollars in 15 minutes. You can't beat it! They are not a big jewelry store but if you need something fixed go here for sure!
5	Needless to say I found them on Yelp and just got back from getting two watch batteries replaced. While the store front is small and simple, they do an excellent job of taking care of you and your needs. Plus, their prices were very fair I thought relative to other places I have been. The cost for a battery replacement on my Fossil Watch was only $10. So if your on this side of town, give them a try.
3	I use this place all the time. Mostly for watch batteries or band adjustments, but they do all types of jewelry & clock repair. It's not the nicest place inside, a couple display cases that are mostly empty and some jewelry. But the guy who's usually manning the desk is very friendly and always there. Their pricing is pretty good, $10 for most of what I've had done. I'd recommend them to a friend for repairs for sure.
5	I went here twice and the owner Alberto is always nice. He replaced my watch's battery for $10 and in less than 5 min. Whoa that's pretty awesome. It's a hole in the wall but he gets it done which is important.
5	I was in this shop for a total of about 10 minutes. Alberto introduced himself and shook my hand and proceeded to resize my watch for me. After I tried it on he offered to take one more link out to see if that worked better. It was no problem for him put the same link back on after I decided it was too tight. In and out, $10. The shop itself was nothing special, but the customer service made this a five star rating.
5	I bought a cool vintage-inspired Mickey Mouse watch at a consignment shop in Utah this weekend and was told that it was "final sale," no matter what.  Ok.  I'll be brave and take a chance.  After buying said watch, I walked over to the nearby jewellery store for a new battery.  "I'm sorry to say that this watch isn't responding to the new battery," the shop clerk stated.  Bummer.  He said that he could try taking a look at it, but it could be anything from a minor warped piece to the whole timepiece mechanism needing an overhaul.  "Uh, I'll just take the watch and see what I can do back home," I said.After searching for watch repair shops in Vegas, I decided to visit Quick Repair Jewelry.  The owner is super nice and "loves to fix watches" (his words!).  I explained the watch situation and he promptly opened the back, looked at it, replaced the battery, and handed the watch back to me.  It works!  The problem was that the battery I got in UT was the wrong kind for my watch.  "Quick repair" is right: total time spent was 10 minutes.  I realize I'm hugely biased in writing this review, as I really wanted my watch to work, especially since I got it for cheap at a consignment shop, but the supposedly minor detail of having the correct battery (!!) should not have been missed by that fancypantz jeweller in UT.  Quick Repair may be quick, but details are not overlooked.  Support your local business!
1	BEWARE!!!  OWNER ALBERTO IS A THIEF DON'T SELL YOUR JEWELRY! Had been a loyal customer for a couple of years until I decided to sell him 3 watches over a month ago, one of them a Rolex since he is a "Rolex Specialist" first as usual did not want to pay me what I wanted & when he saw I did not want to settle for less he agreed to pay me the balance of $500.00 in 2 weeks; because I had done business with him before I never imagined he would not pay me. He called me and flat out told me he was going through a rough time and was not going to pay me the balance of $500.00 he owed me and to do whatever I wanted. When I called him back to tell him I would return his money and for him to return my watches he claimed he no longer had them, I am sure he had already sold them for a good profit. I trusted him and the worst part is that I now know he never intended to pay me my asking price from the beginning but because he wanted my watches the only way he saw to keep them was to offer to pay me the balance later which he stole from me and never paid. I will be reporting him to BBB and see if they can help me because this is wrong! people sell their jewelry because they need the money and then thieves like Alberto take advantage of people in need.
2	I went to this place based on the Yelp reviews and I really wanted to like this place. I needed to get batteries replaced in 3 watches and a ring guard. There was one person ahead of me, and 2 behind me. The person in front of me paid $10 for a watch battery, however, I was charged $15 for each watch battery and $10 for the ring guard, a total of $55. I got the impression I was charged more because of the watches I brought in, however, since I was in a hurry, I didn't question it. Despite that, the man (who wasn't Alfredo) was friendly enough and replaced the batteries relatively quickly. I probably won't go back though after reading more of the reviews and seeing that reviewers who listed the watch battery cost were only charged $10. Now that I think about it, after he gave me my watches, he also mentioned that he had the best deal in town on diamonds, which I found hard to believe since the majority of the cases were empty.
5	This guy is good, I mean really good. (Anchorman). Recently purchased a nixon watch and found this place on yelp. All I needed was to put another link on the watch that was too small for me.The owner was really personable, and made me feel I could trust him with my new purchase. I don't  frequent watch and jewrely shops, and I won't probably won't any time soon. It was only $5 for the service, and I was in and out within 10 minutes.Totally satisfied. Will be back for all my repairs.
5	I have been here for 2 battery replacements for my watch, a ring sizing, and also had my ring rhodium plated. These guys are fast, fair and extremely nice.  I used to get my watch battery replaced at the mall, but got sick of paying $20 for a watch battery.
5	By far the best more reliable and cheapest guy I've seen in Vegas, Phoenix or Chicago!! He fixed 2 of my Gucci watches for $35 each!! Others we asking 300 to 400.. The closest to his prices was $125.. If you need to fix your watch do the extra drive and go see these guys.. You will not regret it. Masters at what they do!!
5	I just got my watch battery replaced today for $10. The owner was quick, cleaned my watch, set the time and even provided a 1 year warranty. Can't beat it! Plus the customer service was wonderful. He was so kind and pleasant. I will be back! Great place for your jewelry needs!
5	Honest skilled craftsman who takes care of your watch in no time. Would highly recommend for anything watch related.
5	Found this place on yelp and it was perfect for what I needed, which was 2 battery watches replaced. They were fixed within ten minutes and he also straigten out my crooked sunglasses. Very sweet man, his name is Grant
5	First time there and I needed my wife's wedding band repaired with platinum. I watched and waited while he repaired and cleaned it flawlessly. He took his time and did it right. I will definitely keep going here for jewelry issues. friendly, fair, great local place to use for your jewelry and watch needs.
5	I have no reason to give this place anything less than five stars! I went in there and told Grant that I needed to have a link or two removed from my bracelet. It probably took him no longer than 10 minutes and I was out of there! $10 later and I'm a happy camper!
5	I went to have a watch battery replaced based on Yelp reviews.  I was at the Kay Jewelers at Summerlin mall where I was told the watch would have to be sent out and it would cost $35. Found Quick Repair with good reviews and not too far away so I went there.  Alberto changed the battery and it was only $10.  This shop will definitely be my go to for any and all jewelry repairs.
