5	I'm giving it 5 Stars based on the classification 'dive bar.' It is a great dive bar and worth the trip just to see it. The prices are outstanding from what you'll experience further up the street in Southside.  Stop by check it out if you are going out for a low key night in Southside...you'll be posting on Yelp later on that for a dive bar it is all you can ask for...Make sure you 'sign in' while you are there.
4	I used to go here when I wasn't really 21 and had a fake.I still stop in when I'm in the south side and down that far.  Great prices, great pool table,. sure the bartenders not the friendliest but it's a good, solid dive bar. And if you're into that kind of thing, this is your place.I recommend going either early, or not on a weekend.  It tends to fill up with college kids.
5	When it comes to your basic dive bar, nothing beats Brewski's. Good cheap drinks, great service, funky atmosphere and a friendly crowd. Over the years, there have been a few improvements-- updated bathrooms -- but they have not changed the best things which include the walls covered with graffiti. I believe one of my messages from the 90s is still there. Be sure to include Brewski's on any bar crawl.
5	To start with they've got $2 Magic Hat #9's from 9-11 on Sat nights!  Not a bad deal and this place is nice and chill with a good locals vibe.  It's a bit off the main strip of bars full of wastoids so that's another plus.  Friendly bartenders too.  It's my favorite bar in Pittsburgh although I've barely been to any since I found Brewski's.
5	This rating is based on the category of "Dive Bar".This is a classic dive bar in the city.  Nothing fancy but a cool place to shoot the breeze with friends or anyone bellied up to the bar.  The bar is round shape so you can get a good feel of what happening.Great selection of cheap cold beer.  Good music.  This place has character and no one is trying to impress anyone.  Just getting away for a drink to chat for awhile.Can order food in...a nice selction of menu's from local establishments.
5	I'm pretty sure Brewski's is my favorite dive bar.  Definitely in the South Side, possibly in the whole city.  I spent so many Friday nights there when I was younger that part of my love could be just because I have such fond memories.  Even when it's packed, it's still a good time.  I'll be gone for years and the bartenders still remember me when I return.  And you can't beat the prices.  Don't go if you hate crowds, though.  This place will get packed.  But if you think you can handle it, don't be afraid to go to the back.  There are tables with more space to move around that people either forget about or don't know are there.  Standing around the bar can get annoying with people walking back and forth so I'd recommend working your way to the back and setting up camp there.  You can still get the bartender's attention from the far end of the bar.  An added bonus: you'll be closer to the awesome jukebox.
5	As far as dive bars go, this is the epitomy of a dive bar. And I love it.The prices are cheap, eclectic crowd, and the bartenders are always on point with great personality.Good priming spot before hitting the more expensive bars
3	I went here with some friends during a ridiculous sunday.  I mean, it's kinda so bad its good.  I am not sure if the bartender was bombed or just "whimsical".  We had to finish our beers until he gave us another one ( I don't think he wanted to wash another glass).  Then we asked for shots and was confused what "chilled" meant. hahah.  I think our tab was like $30 for a couple hours of heavy drinking though. Pros: If an out-of-towner is confused what a yinzer is, just take them here...no words necessary.  Cheap drinks.  darts. PEOPLE WATCHING. Cons: Smoking...but i guess its a dive bar.  I mean even vodka club was pushing the limits of the bartenders patience...Overall: eh, why not? ha.
5	This is ABSOLUTELY one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. I've thrown the Pittsburgh HappyHour Christmas party here two years in a row - they offer a free buffet and a drink special. Benefits of the bar include pool, foosbal, darts and a punching machine. The official motto of Brewski's is, "If you can't afford to drink at Brewski's, stay at home." Literally, it is that cheap. Also, they offer limited food selections on Sunday such as nachos and cheese or sloppy joes. However, on non-food days, they have no problem with you ordering delivery to the bar.If you stop in, I'll probably see you there.
3	Short visit for this straight-up dive.Don't dare ask if they have any Happy Hour specials. Limited beer selections are always cheap.Smoking permitted.Crusty locals.One and done.
4	A good place in the Southside to just have a drink with some friends.
5	Not a fancy place but overall what you get for what you pay great deal great place... However not somewhere I am going to be on busy Friday or Saturday night Seems like a might get a little crazy
3	Decent dive bar as long as Scottie is working otherwise go to jacks and get your dive on.
