4	One probably doesn't think of finding great Mexican food when in Montreal, but it was late and we were hungry so we rolled the dice and tried out Mesa 14. It looked trendy and modern from the outside and a step up from many of the other options on block and after dining there I can happily say  we were pleasantly surprised. It was pretty empty that cold night and we were seated downstairs near the bar in a very comfortable lounge setup near the bay window facing the street. The homemade guacamole and chips were a great starter, and almost all the enchiladas, burritos, and tacos could be ordered with either a vegetarian or fish option which was really cool.  I remember the meal as being very tasty and well spiced. It was actually better than 95% of the Mexican food I've had in New England, so give it up to Quebec and Montreal for coming through with a very pleasant surprise on our vacation/trip!
3	I ordered the salada monterrey (grilled chicked on lettuce w/ cheese & tomatoes) and my friend ordered chicken nachos.The salad was boring and bland in every way but the nachos were out of this world good.  I found lettuce that was slimy and rotten.  The waitress was  very nice and took it off the bill.I would actually go back for the nachos, but avoid the salads.
4	This is some of the best mexican I've ever had, and definitely should be on your list to check out next time you're in Montreal.  A group of five of us went, between the appetizers and main courses we didn't have a single complaint.  Oh, and their home-made salsa was absolutely amazing!
5	Here you go Bob and Jerid. Great Mexican food in downtown Montreal.
5	After eating at Mesa 14 I can say I've had great Mexican food in Canada without laughing. I think the morning after I ate all the leftovers from our group. IT WAS AWESOME. Waitstaff was awesome. Can't remember the guy who served us but he came out with us after.
5	Great service, menu selections and food prep. Awesome salsa and the bartender knows how to mix margaritas!
2	Here's the situation: I'm in Montreal on business and, despite all the great restaurants in close proximity AND my great distance from Mexico, I have a craving for fajitas (arguably one of my favorite dishes). What's wrong with me?  I try instead to focus on other culinary opportunities as I walk down Rue Sainte Catherine West.  Surely good Mexican food can't be found this far north.But several Yelpers insisted that, despite strong geographical evidence to the contrary, one really could obtain a tasty Mexican meal at Mesa 14. I decided to give it a try and now, I'm left to wonder if those reviewers haven't been through a few too many Canadian winters (or not enough Mexican summers).First off: the restaurant was nicely decorated - they had a small outdoor patio (which was full of people smoking).  The bar area was small, intimate and comfortable.  Definitely a good place to hang out with a few friends for margaritas and mojitos.But let's move onto the food.The thing that drew me in was the salsa. Yelpers raved about it. Now I don't know about you, but when I hear "homemade salsa" I picture a chunky combination of tomatoes, onions, cilantro, lime and maybe some kind of chili pepper for good measure.That's not what they serve.  They serve tomato paste with flavor,  To scoop they provide a side of "not-crunchy chips".  These are, by my definition, chips that are not stale, but also are not not crispy or crunchy.  Picture a thick tortilla chip crossed with cardboard.I suffered through the salsa that I had so been craving.  Shortly thereafter my fajitas arrived on muted plate.  Muted, in this context, does not describe the color of the plate, rather it describes the sound.  It's the same sound that sizzling fajitas would make if served in space.The waitress (who was nothing but polite and friendly, by the way) dropped them off with an understated apology for them not sizzling.Now in space I would not have heard that apology.But because I did, I am not and they should have...I don't mean to harp so much on the fact that they weren't sizzling, but there's a reason I have such a love affair with the Tex-Mex dish: it's one of the few dishes that satisfies all five senses: it looks good, it tastes good, it smells good, it's fun to make with you hands, and (perhaps most importantly) it sounds good.How many times have you been to a restaurant and sizzling fajitas come out?  The sound alone is enough to get my mouth watering.Fajitas without sizzle is like a fine wine without a bouquet.Despite it's lack of sizzle (yes the iron skillet was hot), the fajitas were warm and edible. The meat, however, was heavily dusted with seasoning.  While this does impart flavor, it overwhelms the natural flavor of the beef and gives the impression that the meat is of lower quality.On the plus side, the quantity of meat provided would satisfy any big appetite.  The condiments (sour cream, guac and pico) were sufficient.
4	Came on a Saturday 7ish.  Place wasn't that crowded yet, and felt intimate.  There is an upstairs and a downstairs.  The upstairs by the windows would be very pleasant on a breezy spring/fall day if they opened the windows.  Our waitress was nice, but didn't really seem like she was a "pro."  Nothing against that, just noticed it.  The margaritas there were really good - not too strong, not over powered with the mix...just right.  Sangria could've tasted a bit better, but the pitcher was a normal sized pitcher and did its festive job.Got the chorizo nachos and quesadillas for apps.  The nachos were quite good - really crunchy.  The quesadillas paled in comparison.  Steak fajitas were really good and there was plenty of it.  Make sure you ask for extra salsa, as they give you a small small amount.Went all out and got dessert too.  The leche cake was ok, not too sweet.  I wish I got the apple pie a la mode.  It was about $40 per person.
4	Delicious, fresh and fun!  Better than any Mexican restaurant we've tried in Albany and surrounding areas, Boston and Jersey.  The menu is extensive, service was chill and the area is vibrant.  A must try!
1	I had heard this was the best Mexican in Montreal, but was sorely disappointed (at first I thought that was just me with my Californian burrito standards, but have since found better places in Montreal, so now I just think it's Mesa 14).  It was pricey, the sauces were one-dimensional and unnecessarily spicy, and the "burrito" was no thicker than a flauta (and not tasty).  I've since heard that people go mostly for the drinks.  I would definitely discourage people from going here. Burritoville is way better (and less than half the price).The service was excellent, however.
2	Lousy Mexican. It's a downtown place designed to impress the Anglo crowd. Should be on the west island. You might as well go to taco bell and sneak in a corona. You'll ave the same culinary experience.
1	Ugh. The worst fish taco I've ever had.The place itself is nice and comfy and the service was decent, but the food was seriously lacklustre. My dining companions seemed moderately satisfied with their food, but we were ridiculously hungry. The fish tacos were full of freezer-burned fish sticks and limp, bagged lettuce.No thank you.
4	This is a great out-of-the way Mexican place that is quieter and more upscale than the Carlos + pepe's scene on St Catherine. The margaritas are decent, nachos are excellent.  I haven't tried more of their dishes, but I will definitely go back again. Cozy and warm, would be a great cold weather place, too.
1	Hey... Why not just go to Taco Bell and save yourself 30$I can't be bothered to make an effort on this one. SH!T!!!Lousy Mexican. It's a downtown place designed to impress the Anglo crowd. Should be on the west island. You might as well go to taco bell and sneak in a corona. You'll ave the same culinary experience.
3	A quiet, charming interior - more upscale than your 3 amigos or Carlos, you can actually bring a date to this place and cozy up in their comfy banquets complete with pillows.Drinks are awesome, very strong, real margaritas that do not taste like a premade mix.Food is expensive, seems more authentic than anything else I've had but it did not make me drool. Their enchiladas were too spicy, refried beans were a let down, portions are small.Seems like it would be better to order many items and share, tappas style.Tres leche cake was delicious.All in all, food is decent, drinks and dessert at the best. It's pricy for what you're getting though.
4	I love Mexican food. I once worked in a Mexican restaurant in Mexico. However, Montreal doesn't have a great variety of Mexican restaurants. A friend of mine who studied at Concordia told me about this place and I immediately wanted to try it. We went around 4PM for a large snack/early dinner. The place was empty so we had a very large table just for us. However, I'm sure that on Thursday night, the place is packed. The seats were very comfortable and the music was good. We shared a plate of nachos and I had the chicken taquitos. Both are appetizers. The nachos were really delicious and spicy with the jalapenos peppers. There was plenty of cheese, salsa and cream cheese. Yummy. There were 4 taquitos in my plate, about the size of cigars. They were good, but maybe a little dry. They came with a side of super spicy salsa and cream cheese. It was okay. We shared the fried ice cream for dessert. They had a good selection of sauces. We chose chocolate. It was big, but just enough for the two of us. My bill came about at $16 just for me. It was good, and much better than 3 amigos or Carlos & Pepes (whose salsa has strawberries in it, by the way). I'll definitely go back. Next time, I'll try the pork burritos, which my friend has strongly recommended.
5	After reading the other reviews I will have to disagree with most of you that where not satisfied as I am writing this 15 minutes after destroying a pulled pork burrito I have had pulled pork in the Texas and Missouri area of the united states and I must say that this pulled pork can sit in the best of the mid west even though it's from Montreal I highly recommend this place and don't listen the the people that spit that Tom foolery about this place my stars don't lie 5/5
3	This place could be alright, but there's a real laziness that goes on that makes it pretty bad.Firstly, it's downtown, so it has that hallmark downtown feeling of being modern, slightly vacuous, eurotrashy (not trying to insult) but still cozy. But that was okay and kind of expected.Secondly, the server was really nice, doing her best to always be around.What was really pretty subpar was the food and drinks. I am really easy to please with tex-mex food, I even make it at home. But, the margaritas were pretty bad. It is 100% cocktail mix, and extremely weak. My gf and I had to order an extra shot with every drink, which my gf never would contemplate but she even felt she needed to. It was suuuuper weak, like I wanted to order two shots actually to add, but thought that would be a bit ridiculous.And then, the food was pretty bad, to be honest. I mean, there was nothing terrible, but it was as if they didn't even try. The nachos we had to start were all overcooked, and just very meh, and then our taco main courses, the beef in mine was so dry it just made me feel gross so I ate the tomato/lettuce/cheese etc only. My gf had fish tacos, and they were fish fingers like the same frozen packs we buy at the supermarket. She enjoyed it though, but come on, if you're gonna mark up your prices and sell yourself as a classier alternative to Burritoville etc, then you have to try a bit.Also, each plate came with a MASSIVE serving of black bean, which was just so dry and gross they both looked like cowpies. So much we couldn't stop laughing let alone contemplating actually eating it. It was hard to swallow without wetting it with water or sour cream or something.I've worked in kitchens and everything felt like it had just sat under the heating lamp for a long time. Also, our server was attentive, but everytime we asked for a napkin, for example, she just brought one tiny square, even though our hands were covered in taco juice haha. And then when we asked for more, like 3 times, we said could we have more than one? And she brought two. haha. She wasn't trying to be mean or anything but it was just weird and kind of funny.We had a good night, but mostly because it was dinner for my bday coming up this weekend and we were in a good mood. And the issue is that, nothing in the actual ingredients or whatever is that bad, there's just a huge lack of care and attention to detail. And so it just has that hallmark, empty, vacuous, meh, downtown feel. You can tell the people that opened this place were really into it once upon a time, they wanted it to stand out, and they just kinda gave up or something.. it feels as if its just kinda been left unscrutinized for a long time.There's much better options in Montreal, especially for the prices.
5	Absolutely loved this place. Popped in shortly before they were closing but the service was still great! Mega friendly staff, huge range of choices on there menu and lots of vegetarian options! Not to mention a cute, trendy looking place!
3	Food was not as good as the last time I went, however my Son loves this place so I went to make him happy.  Prices are reasonable, just nothing special.
5	Great experience!  Excellent food with an authentic flair.  Growing up on the border, I always seek out Mexican food places in the cities I visit to see the local interpretation of the fair..This place took me right back home!  Service was excellent and head of the kitchen, Tim, is a gracious host.  Make this stop a priority on your visit to Montreal's downtown area.  They have one of the best up amd coming tequila's behind the bar as well.  Get a margarita made with Tequila Avion and You will look at tequila in a new way.
2	I will try and keep this review short and sweet.Vegetarian fajitas were very flavorful, with plenty of vegetables for two to share. They provided four soft tortillas and brought out two more when requested. Sour cream, cheese, salsa and lettuce were provided for toppings.Soft shell fish tacos were ordered and they had a strange spice to them, I really could not put my finger on it. The hubby was less impressed with them as well.We also ordered guac and chips. We got a huge portion of guac, which was tasty but it only came with approx 10 chips placed out on a plate.Service was attentive, but a tad awkward and unprofessional since we were seated near the bar and one associate had her bf there and they were touching and flirting throughout our meal.Not the best place for a date, but we went, we tried it, and we probably wont be back.
