5	I have taken my autos there for over 5 years when I need something done I cannot do.  They are honest, which is hard to find these days.  The only negative is they are always busy and often you will have to leave your car overnight.  Other than that, great shop!
5	This was our first visit and we felt management as well as mechanics were knowledgeable and forthright as well as extremely courteous. We left feeling good about the repair to our vehicle and we would certainly go back for any future repair work. Thank You for a job well done!
5	Best ever.. It's nice to know that there are still honest people in the automotive repair business.. I took my truck to a local dealership for a motor mount and I was quoted well over 1500 dollars to replace.. I took my vehicle to these guys and it was 500 for the repair... Trust me before you go and get any non warranty work done on your vehicle call these guys..
5	Best ever.. It's nice to know that there are still honest people in the automotive repair business.. I took my truck to a local dealership for a motor mount and I was quoted well over 1500 dollars to replace.. I took my vehicle to these guys and it was 500 for the repair... Trust me before you go and get any non warranty work done on your vehicle call these guys..
1	I came here after going to dealer ship to save money on the repair cost.  The things that were quoted from the dealer were cheaper here...that's to be expected anywhere that's not a dealer. One thing that caught my eye that seemed off in the quote he gave me was to change a water pump.  To do this he said would be extensive and so quoted other things that needed to be done prior to get to the water pump.  Since I was skeptical, brought it to another shop found on yelp and they use the same quoting program.  So they explained that the quote for the water pump already accounts the labor for all the other items needed to do the job.  In other words, paying 3x to do the same job.  Not sure about their work since I didn't go here, but if you do decide to go here...just get a 2nd quote.
5	Best automotive shop in the valley. Family owned, always honest, even to a single girl in her 20's who doesn't look like she knows much :). I've been coming here for over a decade and always get quality work.
5	I've been going to Jack and his family for all of my auto needs since 1999 and have no plans to change that. My late father was a master mechanic and taught me all I know about working on cars. Jack has become my surrogate father in that respect as he has earned my respect and trust.
