1	Holy crap! I have never felt like a criminal like I did in Kohl's for no reason!!!I was in there buying alot of stuff for my house, some gifts and a few clothes for me and my girlfriend. We were in there about 2 hrs we were buying a lot of kitchen stuff. The whole time the manager was following us and standing there starring with her arms crossed. It was soo weird and she looked like Einhorn from ace ventura. Any way me and my girlfriend went to the dressing room to try stuff on and the manager followed us in there and then told us we could only bring in 2 at a time. Which isn't even the policy . Then after her starring us down we checked out and she went to the register with the cashier and after the cashier would ring things up. The manager would pick it up look in the pockets, shake it, lay it down and feel every where. I was like what are you looking for? She ignored me and smiled. I said "ookkay" then the total was 800.00Then I chose debit and entered my pin. she grabbed the card out of my hand and was like give me your IDThat's when I got really pissed. I told her that she isn't allowed to ask for my id when I pay debit. I told her I would love to give her my ID because she will feel like an asshole when she sees it is me. I told her to give me her corporate number and I wrote her name down.She was very silent the whole time and didn't even ask why. She knew she fucked up. She stormed off but not before I told her not to forget she works in Scottsdale and people spending this amount of money shouldn't be treated like criminals. Especially in Scottsdale where it is expected. The cashier told me she does that all the time. I called corporate and raised hell. This was really strange and extremely extremely insulting. Plus all the stuff in Kohl's you can find at Marshals cheaper, and they carry alot of stuff at wal-mart cheaper also.
3	It's a Kohl's....I can usually find somethings to wear at reasonable prices. Occasionally I look at their housewares and pick up some dishes or some linen or towels.   On this trip I had $30 in Kohls Cash and a 30% off coupon burning a hole in my purse.  I also needed a new vacuum cleaner (which they carry).  I find that you are pretty much on your own at any Kohls I have ever been to, as the Customer Service Reps are usually focused at registers.  Also I have found that baskets here come at a premium.  When looking for ways to get my vacuum cleaner up to the front register I had to suck up my embarassment as I utilized a double kid carrying cart just to use the basket portion to load my vacuum and carry it to the register and later to my car. This cart was like 8' long....You gotta do what ya gotta do....
4	Kohl's came around about ten or fifteen years ago and seemed to be a great alternative to say JC Penny's.  The prices were very competitive and now they have recently added coupons as well.All their stores have the same four sided setup so it is easy to navigate and find things.  In some ways you see a Target wanna be, since they have added many Food Network produces and star related tie-ins.  But, this is a good thing and not a bad thing.  In many instances the prices are lower that Walmart's and that is saying something!WOW!
3	Good prices but not cutting edge as far as fashion or quality of merchandise.  Lines to check out can be a little long at times.
4	Love Kohl's, have been there twice in the last month, they keep sending me coupons through the mail, $10.00, coupons, I can purchase a blouse that is regular price of $38.00, on Sale for $14.99, and only have to pay a little over $6.00, using my coupon, they always have Great Sales ! And it is right up the street !
3	I don't usually shop at Kohl's because of their prices and their locations.  My husband and I just happened to be on this side of town and decided to check it out since he also needed some new clothes.  I have to say that they have a lot of nice stuff.  The thing that I like is, if you spend at least $50 (I believe), you get what is called Kohl's cash for an increment of $10, depending on how much your purchase was.  We got $20 worth of Kohl's cash.  I thought that this is awesome.  It definitely brought me back a few days later, when they were having a clearance sale.  I enjoyed these past 2 experiences, but it's not that likely that I will go back again unless there is a sale....I wish I could find some good looking jeans that are on sale.
4	Clean store. Great staff. Stocked well compared to others on the west side.
2	Kohl's is so underwhelming and disappointing. Growing up in a small town, I was super excited to go to a department store like Kohl's and my first time at Kohl's I purchased tons of items. Later, my pants split. My shirt had a hole in it. A button popped off. Everything just seemed to be cheaply made and didn't last longer than 3 or 5 wears. Sure, you think you are getting a bargain, but $10 for a shirt you can only wear 3 times isn't that great. (I did recently purchase some Levi's from here and they are still holding up, but that could be because they are Levi's.) My recent excursion here I didn't find what I was looking for (checkered/flannel top) and left within ten minutes. This place always seems to be dead or filled with a much older crowd. Which can either be a blessing or a curse. I'd rather just not endure the pain of shopping at Kohl's.
2	I've been to this kohl's a thousand times in the past fours years, my family and I have spent quite a bit shopping here and always had a great experience. That is until tonight, I had to return quite a few items and the young man in charge of this was quite unpleasant. Now I understand if you're having a bad day, but he was just plain rude. We are loyal customers and its a shame when one bad apple ruins you're shopping experience.
1	Majorly disappointed. Service was awful, they refused to check the back when we couldn't find what we needed. And the store had only been open less than 30 minutes and there were almost no customers.  They had about 7 or 8 pairs of tennis shoes for my daughter, not one pair in her size (and not all of them were on sale).    The selection was ok for the clothes, but the prices were extraordinary.We left without making a purchase and headed to Target.
3	Dear Kohl's,I love you, I really do.  I'm brand-loyal to you since we were both born and raised in the glorious suburbs of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, However, my affection for you dwindled just a wee bit a few days ago after an unfavorable experience. (sniff!) You got me with the $15 Kohl's Cash along with the 20% off coupon during your lovely annual Thanksgiving sale.  Man, I went to town purchasing kitchen, bathroom, and small electronic necessities on Kohls.com.  After my shopping binge was said and done, I had earned a whopping $135 in Kohl's Cash.  Score!  .....Then I went to town again purchasing a cookie sheet and luxury bed sheets for my condo.  Everything was fine and dandy as my shipments came in batches (some much earlier than expected--woohoo!) I made an error when purchasing the cookie sheet and bed sheets online and needed to return them.  Here's where the heartache came:  because $45 in Kohl's Cash was used to purchase these items, I got almost NOTHING in return for them!  ----------------------The moral of this story is that Kohl's Cash is a use-it-or-lose-it situation.  Be VERY certain you are going to keep the items you purchase with Kohl's Cash or else you are left with nothing.  Lessoned learned......I'll be back.
1	When buying jewelry really make sure you are not buying plated instead of the real thing. A week before Thanksgiving I bought a ring that was secured to a card that said sterling silver, got home to realize that it is silver plate.  The store of course offered to do a return but that does not take care of the fact that the ring was mismarked and who knows how many other pieces of silver plated jewelry could also be marked wrong.  I reported it to the store manager and I have yet to hear a solution from her.  She did mention that another customer could have returned it on the wrong card but the ring was secured to the card with a plastic device and it was really hard to cut off with scissors.  Did not look like a return to me because once the plastic is cut it is done.  Buyer Beware.
1	I hadn't been to Kohls in years and I either forgot what a dump it was or it's declined over the years. Regardless it was a huge disappointment and I will be going to Steinmart for these needs for now on.
4	I'll tell you what... the more times I frequent Kohl's, the more I'm slowing becoming a fan.I am truly digging their good quality products they sell and LOW pricing! Add in their Kohl's coupons and it will cost you the change at the bottom of your purse (under your car seat for males). ;)Even shopping during the holidays, I experienced quick lines and friendly sales associates.
4	I've never reviewed a store before, but I had such a nice customer service experience the other day I have to. This store always has an amzing sale going on - I would never pay full price for anything. I bought a few pairs of jeans for my daughter and when we got them home realized the gigantic security tag was still on one of the pair. I returned to Kohls a few days later to have it removed and the lady working the register gave me an extra 20% my new purchases for my trouble...who still does things like that? They actually appreciate and value their customers. I think thats fantastic. Kohls cash is great, also.Store has always been clean and orderly when I go in - lines move quickly. No 5th star because returns are only accepted in the back recesses of the store.
5	I have never reviewed a department store before, but figured I definitely should for this one!! I'll start off with, the customer service was AMAZING!!! The lady who checked me out was so funny, and positive, and pleasent to be around (this is hard for retail workers, especially around the holiday season! ), so that was great! This store is also good as far as stock goes, I feel like I always walk out with everything I went in there needing, and usually more!! This store also has great deals going,  all the time. They always honor your coupon if you accidentally leave it at home, or have some kind of alternative! I would recommend shopping here and giving it a shot :)
2	What the heck has happened to Kohl's?  A store I used to enjoy going to, that used to be organized and with salespeople that knew the product, has turned into a high priced Walmart; although Walmart is better organized (salespeople still don't know what is sold there or where to find it).The buyers (those who buy clothing for a store) are completely out of touch with the number of items a store should be stocked with, and when the trucks show up, it's a crap shoot as to what might be unloaded.Last time I was there, just a few days ago, some of the vests and bow ties were torn apart. That is if one could even find vests and bow ties.But all this reflects on management, hence, Kohl's stores need better management.
