2	My hubby likes to find local owned restaurants especially when it comes to Mexican food. He heard about Tony's on ABC 15 and decided we would give it a try.The location is not the greatest in Old Avondale, and the building is tiny and shows its age. We ordered our meal as carry-out, I was in no shape to be seen in public so I didn't catch the inside. I had their carne asada combo plate which of course includes the staple beans and rice. The meat was seriously over cooked, and the beans and rice were bland. My husband makes way better carne asada, cooked to perfection. My husband had the tamale, cheese enchilada combo and he ate it up, mind you, it doesn't take much to please my Sailor Man when it comes to food. Overall I would compare it to a mom and pop version of Filibertos only not as good. It possibly could be better with a few beers. Maybe I will give them another spin...who knows.
4	I have been a Tony's regular for over 30 years.  I have never had a bad meal.  My husband loves the #3, chili relleno, beef taco, rice and beans, I get the #1, tostado, taco, cheese enchilada, rice and beans.  The restaurant is small, but huge compared to what it was when it opened about 40 years ago.  It is a family owned business, sometimes Tony is there, just sitting at a table, he doesn't work there any longer due to age and health.  My daughter in Iowa insists on eating there numerous times when she comes home for a visit.  It is not the fancy, lettuce covered mexican type food that you find at places like Macayo's or Garcia's, just good, traditional mexican food.  The quesadillas are the best as are the chips and salsa!
4	My husband, our son and I had a nice dinner tonight, we love this restaurant. My husband likes burrito and I like chicken taco, their salsa is good. New waitress is very nice, great service.
5	It's the best Mexican food in the valley.
4	My family and I went last week. The way I like to rate Mexican places is by their chips and salsa. If they have good salsa, normally their food is good. If their salsa is full of flavor, their food will also contain flavor. Tis place had good salsa that was spicy. So, I ordered the chicken fajitas and they were in almost a tomato sauce. Not a lot, just a little. First reaction was huh? But then I tried it. Oh my they were very yummy! I darn near licked my plate when I was done. The only complaint I would have was the rice. Not sure if it was yesterday's or just undercooked. But..... Everything else was very good. The place is small, so be prepared, probably only 15 tables.
5	Great food!! They have been in biz for 45 years
5	I love this place always has good food and the guacamole is amazing ice been going here for years.
5	If you want some of the best tasting Mexican food in the Phoenix area, this is your place!  It's not fancy or large, but the food is delicious and quick.  We have been going here for 16 years and I've never had a bad service, my favorite is the #10, 2 chili burritos, rice and beans but I can substitute any burrito on that combo if I want.  The chips are thin and crisp and the salsa is fantastic (non chunky), they have beer and a margarita if you like alcohol with your meal.  A lot of people order to go but I think it's best when fresh at the restaurant.
4	Back in AZ...missed the Mexican food down here. Enjoyed my favorite chicken flat as, rice & beans. Location is far out in the west valley and worth trying. Very casual, fordable price, and great costumer service.
5	Hot, delicious Mexican food! Love this little joint !
2	Decided to give it a try based on Yelp reviews. We will not be going back. Red and green burrito's are very bland. No flavor at all. As a matter of fact has a lot of flour added. Rice was mushy. Beans, tamale, taco, chips and salsa were ok. They only have a carne asada plate. No carne asada for tacos or burritos. Never heard of that before. Wow! That is just strange. They are very clean. That's was the only good thing.
4	drove by this place a hundred times, it looked like such a hole in the wall I didnt want to stop in and try it. Luckily I finally gave it a chance. Wow!!! This is a hidden gem, probably the best chili relleno I have ever had and great chips and salsa as well. The beans and rice were very good. Much better than any of the other mexican food around the area. Also very clean on the inside.
5	We drive by all the time and never know when it is open.  We finally hit the jackpot today!  It is just a hole in the wall.  Tony's is spotlessly clean.  The service is very friendly.  I ordered the huevos rancheros.  It was a little different than I have ever had them, but boy were they delicious!!!  My husband had chorizo and scrambled eggs.  He was trying to lick his plate.  The food comes out bubbling hot, literally.  The downside-they only have regular coffee, no decaf.  My husband had the coffee and said it was very good.  They also only serve powdered creamer.   It was also very cold in there.  I can't wait to go back again!!
5	The chickens enchiladas were absolutely amazing!!!!!! Some of the best Mexican food I have had in a very long time.  I would totally recommend this place and if you want really good Mexican food this place is it!
