5	Tried Woody's on a whim tonight and we are glad we did! The sampler appetizer plate was awesome, garlic mushrooms, mozzarella sticks, onion rings and these little corn things were all very good! We ordered the pork sampler and the southern trio both were great especially the beef brisket and the Carolina pulled pork, but the pulled chicken, not so much. We also really liked the coleslaw, it was creamy and went perfect with bbq'd!Overall, we enjoyed everything and the service was good too, all the girls were super friendly and worked as a team to make sure everyone was well taken care off. We will definitely visit again, good prices, good food and healthy portions... we took enough home to have an entire meal again tomorrow!
4	The food was good the service needed a little bit of help but it was late so maybe thats why it wasn't up to par. I liked the karaoke host and the owner was very nice too. This is a fun place to dine on Fridays for karaoke lovers. I will be back and if you go tell them Shortie sent ya!
4	we went for lunch with a groupon. there was a restriction for the groupon but no biggie. the drinks were brought out and we ordered, seemed a longer wait than most for a lunchtime place. the food was very good. everything we got was right on point, so plan on this being a regular lunch stop. hopefully the timing was just a glitch that day. the happy hour and evening line up looks like fun, too.
1	Having read the reviews here I bought 2 goupons instead of just one.  My pulled pork sandwich was so bad I could not eat it.   the meat was soaked in bbq sauce and so overcooked as to have the consistency of baby food.    I left it there.  My friend had a brisket sandwich that was dry and hard.   On top of that, the kitchen staff got in a huge fight that spilled out into the dining area,   It was such an overall unpleasant experience that I am shredding my other groupon rather than give it to a friend or go back ever again.  It was HORRIBLE!   The only highlight was the waitress was sweet.  She was the one being attacked verbally.  She ended up crying.  It was very sad to see.
3	If this review was on our bartender alone it would be 5 stars, easy. Mike was great. Friendly, attentive, knowledgeable. This guy was everything a bartender should be. He wasn't standing at the register texting, or flirting with a waitress at the service well, he was actually talking to his customers. Mike is the reason I'll be back. The boy and I only stopped in for a beer and some munchies. Selection behind the bar is better than I expected it to be. They have grand canyon on tap, I always love to try something new, and I wasn't disappointed. Looking through the shelves it seemed like they had a nice selection of spirits too, surprising for a neighborhood bar. The menu looked nice, I don't know that I have ever seen fried okra. We had the sampler and a basket of fries. The mozzarella sticks are mozzarella sticks, they are good, but don't get too excited. All the fried fare was typical, the fries were soggy. However, the deep fried corn nuggets were new and different, I enjoyed them. We sampled their vast selection of sauces on our fries. Unimpressed. To quote my husband, since he is sitting here repeatedly asking me to do so, "they all suck except for the Louisiana sweet".
5	Woodys has excellent southern style bbq. It's a little bit different than your ordinary bbq food, but in a good way. The meats all are very tender and actually have a nice smokey flavor. The portions are quite generous and the staff is nice. If you would like a more reasonable meal go for a sandwich, if you want to try everything get the taste of Woody's. This take home won't go to waste!
3	Update to my previous review, went back after receiving a groupon deal and was looking forward to my usual favorite sampler appetizer platter... well surprise, things have changed! The mushrooms were different from last time, besides the fact they were served scorching hot on the outside and ice cold in the middle! The once big onion rings are now small and barely any trace of onion and the portion size in general is now much smaller. When we questioned the server he says they are having to make "cut backs" so I guess quality is the first thing to go. It was just very disappointing since it was our 4th time going and it was consistently good until now. I will probably give it one more chance to see if anything has changed back... very disappointing!
2	Went to Woody's BBQ with my family on a busy Friday night.  The service was very slow and we waited almost an hour before the food came out.  The place was crowded.  We ordered a slab of ribs, onion rings and a combination plate with all the meats.  My wife enjoyed her dish and the slab of ribs were just OK for me.  The onion rings weren't that great.  I saw a manager yelling at a service from our table.  Don't know what the issue was but it was unprofessional.  He was really on her.  Don't think I will be back, I have a better experience at Famous Dave's.
1	Worst bbq i have ever eaten. Dry cheap meat. Overcooked veggies and pinto beans with a splash of bbq sauce. Total hood bbq! H O R R I B L E!!!
4	My wife and I know the owner of Woody's. His son and our son had been friends for a long time. When they told us they would be opening a BBQ restaurant, we said would would check it out. I believe we went sometime in April. I can't remember exactly what we ate, but it was very good. The service was a bit slow. Took more then 10 mins to get drinks and then almost 40 mins to get our food. The atmosphere was nice. Wasn't a lot of people there at the time we went. Did get a chance to chat with Mr. Ken the owner. I would have loved to have gone back, but they are now closed. We saw Mr Ken with a U-Haul truck and the huge industrial stove on the flatbed. He told us why they closed, but I won't post the reasons here. It's too bad, because there are only a couple of decent BBQ places in the valley. Famous Dave's is one of them. RedRock BBQ in Sedona is awesome as well.
