5	Excellent Michelin starred restaurant, with friendly service and wonderful food. Get a seat near the window where you can watch the chefs do their stuff.Tom Kitchin isn't afraid to be adventurous in his mixes of flavours, which often delivers a whole new taste treat, but (on the rare occasion) strikes an odd discordant note on the palate.Local produce always fresh, especially fish.
5	you may have seen this restaurant on anthony bourdain's tv show. its excellent. period. probably the best all around restaurant in the city- have heard somewhere that it may be closing but i cannot believe that. the chef and owner, tom kitchen, is simply perfection. great atmosphere and a fresh and changing menu.it aint cheap. remotely. the best approach is to eat here for lunch during the week, for a set price meal. it doesnt matter what its being served as everything will be in your top 3 of whatever genre of food youre getting. near lots of bars/shops, ocean terminal if youre up for a bad mall after.
5	This is one of the best 1-star michelin restaurant I have been to. It's a full experience, food and watching the cooks at work. There is indeed a big window into the kitchen that lets everyone see what's going on and grasp the electrical atmosphere in the cooking chamber. The table are organised so that most people can peep in during their meal, and appreciate the effort put into their food. It's really cool to see Tom Kitchen put the final touches to your plate :)) It just makes the whole thing more exciting!The food itself is wonderful. Really incredibly fresh and tasty. Seasonal and imaginative. We went for lunch and the 30-ish pound menu is cheap compared to the quality of the food. Quite a treat if you take some wine, but nonetheless worthwhile and to be remembered. I started with a pistachio, rabbit & foie gras terrine with an onion tatin. Just AMAZING! Then I had pork cheeks cooked like a "blanquette" with a white sauce, mushrooms, carrots, new potatoes. Delicious. The meat was so tender. Then I had the rhubarb-themed dessert: rhubarb fresh soup with poached pieces of rhubarb, rhubarb sorbet, caramel croquante, pannacotta. I really really liked it. So yummy. And we had the traditional petit-fours after that. Yum!The restaurant is a little remote and far from the city centre, but it's ok. It's just in front of the Scottish government building. Quite surreal actually.
4	Excellent restaurant and dining experience.  The menu here changes seasonally (I had the summer menu) and Tom Kitchin really focuses on getting the best ingredients.  The bone marrow with Devon snails, Perthshire girolles, and Bayonne ham is one of those dishes you remember for a long time. The service was attentive (without being intrusive), knowledgeable, and people were really warm. Chef Kitchin was actually in the kitchen cooking.  You don't see many celebrity chefs cooking anymore - at least not in NYC.
5	I would say, at a push, my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh... When you can afford it :) Been for dinner and lunch and both times it was first class. It's not an overly fussy place considering the Michelin star but focuses very much on the quality of ingredients, with the dishes being far more simplistic than say 21212. This is to its credit, however, and Mr Kitchin thoroughly deserves his recent title of best restaurant in Scotland.If it's on the menu, the turbot with sea snails was stunning and one of the most memorable dishes I've eaten. If you don't fancy forking out for the a la carte or tasting menu, the set lunch is excellently priced and provides close to the kitchin experience whilst putting a smaller dent in ones purse!
5	They take great care of you from the start. And by the start, I mean enquiring about seating by email. The hostess is prompt and complete with replies, letting me know which nights are fully booked and advising me about better days to come in. I came here for lunch since all the dinners were booked up and had the prix fixe 3-course lunch. Really a steal in my opinion.The waiting staff worked as a great team so we didn't feel ignored even when our server was helping someone else as there were many other friendly staff checking on each other's clientele. I loved having sweet potato chips at the table to crunch on when we entered and the selection of bread from a wheeled up bread cart with selections such as freshly baked sourdough and olive bread.My starter was the octopus carpaccio which was fabulously laid out and accompanied with colourful pickled vegetables. The main was the ox cheek which was so delicate that no knife was necessary. Dessert was a chocolate pistachio souffle which was very creative and interesting. Not too heavy but nice and warm with a great flavour.The hosts took care of calling our taxi as we exited to proceed with our day after, with hunger satisfied and tastebuds delighted.
3	I realise that giving The Kitchin three stars is sacreligious.  I'll probably get kicked off Yelp or at least people will have no faith in my reviews from this point onward.  But, hear me out...I've only been here once, 3.5 years ago, when my parents came over for my MSc graduation.  I'd been hearing rave reviews of Kitchin and thought it would be the perfect place for the double birthday + graduation celebration.  When I left California, my boss gave me the nicest bottle of wine I will probably ever be fortunate enough to consume.  I thought that my graduation celebration would be a very appropriate time to drink this wine.  I made my reservations at Kitchin and asked about bringing the wine.  They said "we have a very extensive wine list, you will not need to bring your own."  I explained the situation and they explained a bit more firmly that I was not welcome to bring this bottle of wine.  I know that corkage/bringing your own wine to restaurants here is not a common as it is where I'm from, but I was shocked that they wouldn't allow for one bottle to be brought for a special occasion.I accepted the situation and we went along sans wine.  To be honest, I don't remember much of the actual food.  By that I mean that my socks weren't blown off.  I was expecting so much and certainly had a lovely meal, but it all seemed a bit up itself and for no real reason which I could see.  The main thing I really remember from the dining experience is that our water and wine were kept at a different table so we weren't able to pour and drink to our own pace, we were at the mercy of those serving us.  I think I was a) too put off by the wine issue to fully enjoy it and b) am too used to fantastic food served in a more relaxed environment.  I have had amazing food with less cost and less fuss at other restaurants, and in the future I'll be sticking to these places, thanks.
5	Wow, Kitchin blew me away. The dining room was elegant but still bright. Service was very friendly except for the French staff who were sterile and highly efficient yet still professional as can only expected from a French server. The most refreshing part of Kitchin was actually seeing Tom Kitchin in the kitchen with his hands in the food; there is a small window that allows you to see into the kitchen from the dining room. It is becoming increasingly rare to see a chef in the restaurant that his name on it. Veg crisp were giving as snack. A great selection of bread was also served. The amuse bouche of pumpkin soup with crunch pumpkin seed in it was very wintery and was more than just one small bite.  I was a bit weary of the Pig's Head and Langoustine because I was not sure how the Langoustine could add to this dish. Trust me something would be missing it wasn't on the plate. The pig's head was boned and rolled and had a great earthy spice to it. My main of venison was cooked perfectly and had seven components on the dish. Any time I see many components on the dish I get nervous. But Kitchin surprised me again. This was a pretty hardy winter dish for a restaurant in this category. (I left really full) My desert was simply titled Chocolate and features mall souflee, ice cream and blood orange marmalade the made everything else taste so much better. When I told the staff I was from Boston I was invited into the Kitchen to meet Chef Kitchin and he also signed a copy of his cookbook for me. This guy seems really down to earth. My 5/5 review is based off the food I ate and not that I met the chef.
5	So glad I came here with my family. I am not a big fan of haute cuisine anymore, too much showing off and combining of strange flavours, for me, so I was a bit apprehensive.The Kitchen shows that you can take cooking to a higher level using local ingredients, keep the flavours individual and still have Michelin star food.I thought the costs were very competitive for the quality and would highly recommend anyone going for any occasion.
2	Rating on the overall restaurant experience, which is what we go on our Lunchquest site, The Kitchin scores pretty highly, because the place is lovely and the service is slick. But when purely considering the food on offer, it can't score anything higher than two stars, as I've experience better; MUCH better. My starter and main courses were decidely ordinary; nowhere near Michelin star quality. Extremely disappointing.Overall, we said: "The Kitchin is a super-stylish place, with excellent attentive service, serving neatly presented dishes. They don't taste very good, though, making the overall experience completely forgettable. It left me entirely cold."
5	There are as of right now three items that stick out to me that have eaten as the most memorable three things.  One was here at The Kitchin.  My wife and I recently visited Edinburgh and this was the best meal we ate.  Two start I had the bone marrow, I love bone marrow and would swim in it like Scrooge McDuck swims in money if I could, this marrow was much less traditional than the ones I have had in NYC.  It had snails bacon and a quail egg on top, it was fantastic.  For my main course I had mutton, the dish came with a small side of braised shoulder meat, it was fantastic, and I wish I was eating right now. The main part of the dish was very good too, just not as memorable.  It is worth the schlep to leith to eat here for sure.
5	HOLY CRAP THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.Food, wine, service (even the French staff) - all fantastic!Did the tasting menu with matching wine and we were happily stuffed full of food and rolled to a waiting taxi (after meeting Tom) at the end of the night. Small things like a map from where in the country produce was sourced and a copy of the tasting menu itself were nice little touches which weren't required but definitely welcomed.Definitely coming back.
5	The kitchin is a must if you are in Edinburgh. Having seen Kitchin on masterchef, I was intrigued. Everything on his menu is sourced from Scotland, and they even bring you a little map of Scotland in the beginning showing where the ingredients were from. Presentation and food were beautiful - full of color and much thought to the dishes. Fortunately it was grouse season when I was visiting (October 2013) so I tried it for the first time as my main dish. It was fantastic- cooked perfectly and juicy, I don't know if I've ever had anything better. The ceps starter was amazing as well - perfectly seasoned to bring out the taste of the mushroom. The berry tart dessert was a great way to end the meal. The best part was at the end when tom himself came out to introduce himself to us. Even though he's become well known, he really seems like a down to earth kinda guy. The whole time I also noticed he was in the kitchen with food preparation and making sure everything was perfect. I wouldn't hesitate to return, I had an outstanding experience.
5	Kitchin is an outstanding high end restaurant in Leith with well prepared regional dishes such as grouse, and local ingredients and cheeses, and an excellent wine list.
5	The service was flawless. Kudos to those in the front end. We had the three course tasting menu with wine pairings. This is an excellent meal and quite reasonably priced.Warning - reserve months in advance. It will be worth the effort.A must-do in Edinburgh.
