5	I hired Keith install 2 spot lights on the side of my home and change out a switch to an automatic timer on my exterior lights.  The total cost was very reasonable considering he climbed into my attic to install the lights and run the wire through the wall so that my switch looked installed very clean.  I was surprised how little time it took him and his extensive knowledge of his work.  I also found out he has running his own electrical company for the past 20 years in New York and is starting a branch out here.
5	I had a kitchen can light out and couldn't figure it out.  I called Top of the Hill.  Keith came out same day.   He found a loose wire in the ceiling that could have caused a fire.  He also fixed a GFI problem at no charge.   I highly recommend his services.
5	I hired Top of the Hill Electrical services since a friend had them out to his house and said they were reasonable and did their job well.  They showed up a few minutes early and Keith and Chris got right to work.  They installed a large TV stand in the wall of my Master Bedroom, hung the 48 inch TV, installed a new outlet & cable receptacle up high behind the TV.  They did a great job! I felt that they respected my home and furnishings. I will definitely call them again!   :)
5	Wow! What a great electrician!! I am very happy my friend recommended this company to me, cause it saved my a lot of time and headache! These guys really know their stuff!Thank you and great job!!
5	Keith installed 3 outlets for me. He was prompt, courteous, professional, and reasonable. Great service, great experience! I would absolutely use him again for any future electrical needs!
5	Great work!! I had my entry way rewired removed my recessed cans and installed a chandelier. Rewired my pool room... No problems, fast and friendly!!!!
5	Keith was friendly, on time and professional. Will definitely use him again!
5	Yesterday at 4:30 PM,  a bulb exploded in the bathroom.  Power was gone.  I checked the fuses.  All were good.  Checked everything I could think of but still no power.Called Keith at Top of the Hill Electric.  I got his name from Yelp by asking for top rated electricians.  After explaining to Keith the problem, he said he was working on a project till about 8:00 but would stop by afterward on his way home,  How impressive is that?  I expected that he'd put me off until the next morning at the least but same day?Anyway, he arrived a little before 8:00 and set to work.  In no time he'd found the problem and fixed it.  All this was simply amazing but more amazing was the very reasonable bill he presented me with.Seems his day started at 6:00 am and here he was working at past 8 pm.  How tired he must have been but he put his customer first.!Fast, dedicated service and reasonable price!  What more can you ask?Thank you Keith and thank you Yelp for putting us together.
5	Keith came out the same evening that I called to my dad's house in Glendale and stayed for over three hours (until almost 9pm).  He tracked down the problem (a short behind an outlet we didn't know was even on the same circuit that was causing the problem), fixed it, then isolated all the outlets on that circuit so if one went out, it didn't take everything along with it.  And what we worried would be a super-expensive re-wiring problem turned out to be $345--we were so relieved!  Keith was everything courteous, dedicated, and is definitely a top notch electrician.  We won't go to anyone else if we have future electrical problems.  I highly recommend!
5	I called Top of the Hill to help with a circuit breaker that would not reset.  Keith answered and gave me advice on what could be causing the problem, and was onsite within an hour.  After reviewing the issue, and what I had already done, he decided to check a couple outlets to find the problem source.  He found the problem on the first outlet he checked - a little luck but definitely a lot of experience with troubleshooting electric circuits.  The cost was a service charge that was very reasonable, I'll be having him back for additional electrical work in the future.
