4	I was speculative on coming here but it was close to where I live and there aren't many good pho place around here. Came Tuesday for lunch, first impression is that it's nice and clean which is always a great sign. Our server is nice and helpful, brought our tea out quickly, very tasty. We ordered the spring rolls and combo pho. The spring rolls were awesome! All the ingredients were extremely fresh, peanut sauce was just right. The pho came out soon after that very hot which is just how we like it because we always get the steak on the side. Everything was well sliced, nothing was really coarse or carelessly made. Only thing is the soup could be more flavorful. Overall it was a surprising great experience and we will be back for more :)
4	My boyfriend and I were very hesitant eating at a pho restaurant in the east side but the reviews here helped. It's very clean and the service is awesome. The appetizers are great and the pho is awesome. The soup itself is a little on the sweet side. This is definitely going to be our new pho place instead of driving 20-30 minutes to Henderson or Spring Mountain.
5	Very friend I can speak a few word they show me big smile when I try to talk their language
5	This place is probably one of the best pho places in Vegas. Amazing customer service! Not like other pho restaurants I'm used to. The broth was light and very delicious. I can't wait to go back and try other dishes from their menu! Also, THANK YOU for being on the east side!! No longer have to drive to Chinatown for a hangover cure!
4	This place took over Beijing Noodle & I'm glad! I am sad to see a local spot gone but the family that owns this place is cute. I feel like they just opened a place to serve food they make at home. They claim to be a Vietnamese and Chinese spot but I didn't see much Chinese except for the fried rices.It has a typical Vietnamese menu minus the curries. I did however see they offered a beef stew with bread yum.Basically the food was good, the place was clean, and the service was polite. They could do to stop by the tables more often except to drop food off but I enjoyed all of the staff I encountered. Very sweet and friendly. We tried their combo pho $8x 2, a ban mi dac biet $3 and some change, and their spring rolls $3. All came out to $24 and some change. We were stuffed. It was a bargain IMO.I really liked their sandwich. Their bread was hot, fresh, and crunchy. I've never had one like that. I want to say they didn't put the patte part. I have to say I didn't miss it, and I've been eating those sandwiches since my childhood. At first it looked like they skimped on meat but it was perfect. I loved it.Their pho was good. It was a good size with a large amount of meat. The broth was good, the noodles were cooked just right, and it was served super hot. The bowl looked below average in size but it was just the right amount. I finished the whole bowl and the broth. Their spring rolls were good. The dipping sauce was good. I enjoyed them. I have to say for a newer place I thought they did a great job. If they are reading and I could help them improve I'd say to offer straws for their water, get a napkin dispenser for the table if they don't plan to walk by too much, and lastly take their service to the next level. Overall I do plan on returning soon. In comparison to a Pho Kim Long, Pho Saigon, or Pho So 1 it is just as good but with the friendly staff you won't find in China Town.Check them out!
