5	Holy fun!!! We had a photo booth at a resent happy hour and I just could not get enough of it. I think this is a uniquely fun way to capture an event. The renter receives copies of all the photos and guest go home with a copy as well, which is personalized for your event.
5	I used the Shutterbox Photobooth at a Yelp event and it was so awesome it's the only personalized review I'll be doing from the whole night. They had many western themed props and I was in and out with my wife in a matter of minutes. The quality of prints was above average, the service was fantastic, and the web site was easy to navigate and find our pictures. This would be perfect for a reunion, birthday, or fun new aged wedding. I would recommend using this service to all my other yelp buddies.
5	What an amazing company.  Brandon was very personable right from the start.  He was the only one, out of all the photobooth companies i contacted, willing to meet with me in person.  Some major points we loved...the photos are unlimited, there is an option for b/w or color, there is a cool photo screen out front, great props!! and Jonathan (who was hosting the booth) was amazing!! The prints are high quality and i  was emailed the link the next day so that I could see all the photos taken! We hired them for my son's bar mitzvah, and it was honestly the hit of the party.  no bad points! honestly, i would hire them again in a second!!  FUN!!!
5	I called ShutterBox to have a photo booth at both my son's birthday parties. I had been at a friends party and she had a Photo booth there and I thought it was a great idea. Let me say that Shutterbox was way WAY better than the company my friend used. They customize the photo sheet to fit your party design. They are so great to deal wit and Brandon is very sweet and quick to respond to any call or email. The party was a huge hit and everyone loved the photos. You will not be let down by this company!!! AAAA++++ from me. Thanks guys!!Susan V
5	ShutterBox came and helped us make our community Easter Eggstravaganza and BIG HIT!! Everyone loved having them there and the pictures were so adorable. The perfect addition to any gathering. They are so easy and fun to work with.
