4	I call it "The Fast Lane".  The kids who work the drive thru here always get it right, are incredibly fast, and unfailingly courteous - without overdone spiels or orchestrated upsells. This is the best of the new (technology, efficiency) combined with the best of the old (steady, hardworking kids, unburdened by consultants  keen on turning them into obnoxious 'sales associates'.)Understated, bedrock service.  Kudos to the mgr. Your guys and gals do a terrific job.
2	I do love the quick service and delicious food.  McNuggets are my guilty pleasure.  Today, I went and ordered a large iced tea unsweetened at the drive thru.  Another bonus is the $1 drink.  However, the tea was not fresh.  It was gross and I threw it away.  Shame on you for not keeping fresh tea on hand on a hot day!
5	Okay, the 5 stars is for one thing and one thing only. My diet coke first thing in the morning. I don't know why McDonald's diet cokes are so good, but they are the best fountain cokes around.This location is nice in the early mornings to get in and out. Be careful later in the day as the drive thru gets very congested due to the location.
5	Exemplary customer at drive thru. Very friendly. Great food.
5	I love this location.  Everyone is really nice.  And the speed of the service is amazing.  You may be the 7th car in the drive-thru, but you will place your order, pay, and receive your food in 5 minutes.  Same goes for when you're inside.  There is limited seated inside, but there's usually not a long line and you get helped and served right away.  Right now I live within walking distance, but if I moved further away and there was another McDonald's that was closer to me, I would still go out of my way to go to this one.
3	Busy location. Clean and modern interior, same average staff as other locations.
5	As far as fast food, this place won all the stars. We didn't use the restroom, so I do not know how nice or clean they are, but we were in a hurry and this place fit the bill.It looks pretty new an neat, I kind of liked the decor.Our cashier Cathy was super nice and friendly, we used a coupon from the Entertainment Book and it was a breeze.I took a few steps and it felt like our food was ready within seconds... We had found a nice table and we eat really fast, overall I estimate we spent like 10 minutes there and our order and food must have taken like 2 minutes -see my review about JIB, by Cave Creek and Beardsley : (Also, I admire people that are attentive to their customer's needs, while we were getting our drinks, I overheard another cashier (Sofia I think) ask a group of customers if they wanted an extra chair, and think she went and got them one from a table nearby... I thought that was really nice.Also, when I got my coffee the lady that gave it to me made sure I got the cream and sugar I needed (I had a bad experience with this on the McDonalds at Cave Creek and Beardsley once, where they ask you when you place the order and we left just for me to find out my coffee had no cream, no sugar : (Also, there was a long line at the drive-through, and some times we have had an issue in other places where they help the drive through customers really fast and those that went inside have to wait longer... Does not seem to be an issue here.
5	This, ladies and gentlemen, is what fast food is supposed to be like. Unhealthy but prompt : )Stopped here for breakfast on our way to the zoo (volunteering and almost late). We decided to go inside but order to go. 2 minutes, tops.Hubby got his drink, we stopped back by the counter, I made a comment about the bad idea for the McCrap name (McWrap), and done was our food. We got it and left.Fast, easy, good parking, friendly service.
3	I love Bog Macs, but the doctor said that is the absolute worst thing to be eating... I went here last week and the guy was a prick at the window.  I used to love happy meals, it's always fun for kids OCCASIONALLY.  Anyway, descent place to go.
4	For fast food, list location is pretty nice. They get you in and out pretty quickly and I've never had a problem with the food. It also feels cleaner than most fast food restaurants I've been to. Maybe because it's a fairly newer location. My son would give it five stars because he loves their happy meals. I like their grilled chicken wraps a lot and their coffee is also very good. When I'm craving iced tea you can't beat their $1 pricing. Overall I'm a fan! As good as fast food can get!
5	This is the best Mcdonalds I have ever been to.  I have never been inside of it, but in the mornings they always have me in and out of the drive thru in under 5 minutes on my way to work.  Often with 6-8 cars in front of me.  Very efficient.
1	While the drive through service is great at this location, going in to eat was another story. Went in on Saturday around 2pm. The lady that took our order was not paying attention and was turned around talking in Spanish to what looked to be her manager the whole time. We held out our card for a while before she turned around to continue processing our order and really made us feel like we were bothering her. Everyone continued to goof around and speak only Spanish very loudly. I understand if there is no one inside but to continue to crack jokes/laugh in another language in front of guests is inappropriate. I will never go in to eat here again.
4	Service was fast.  The food was freshly prepared. I was happy with the cleanliness.  Monica, the counter person was exceedingly helpful.
3	It is difficult to get to the drive thru and the parking  lot was  congested. The line was short and the staff was friendly . However  we had to wait for their nuggets. There is only one spot to wait but there were three cars waiting. The person delivering was all confused.  He dropped off the meal then tried to take it out of my car . The fries were cold and hard.
