4	Just northwest of 32nd and Camelback, wrapping around the Biltmore Golf Course, is a 2 mile paved residential street known to locals as "the Biltmore Loop" (Biltmore Estate Drive).  It is flat loop with light traffic.  It is perfect for doing intervals if you are training for a long distance running event, or just an evening stroll if that is more your speed.  It's fun to check out the multi-million dollar digs and it is relatively scenic with the golf course and the mountains as a backdrop.  I mean, there is a reason why there is a 20 million dollar house for sale on this loop (I'm not kidding, I saw the sign with my own eyes).  I always feel safe running here.  There is usually at least a few people running or walking the loop.  I suggest parking by Hava Java and running up to Colter to cut over onto the loop.
5	GORGEOUS STREET!!!!!  So much to walk down or bike ride and day dream.We used to live near here and you could tell when the Suns players were home and when they weren't.  All the Escalades were there when they were in town, and it was dead when they weren't.  Two of the Suns players live across the street from each other.  We even ran into Shawn Marion in the gas station.
5	Truly one of the more beautiful areas of Phoenix. Gorgeous homes and tree lined streets, this casual stroll around the Biltmore makes you feel like you are somewhere outside of Phoenix. Always a great bike ride or walk to Hava Java thru the Loop. P.S. watch for errant golf balls. There are some bad golfers out on that course.
5	Beautiful Loop!!!! Been down this street many times before I even knew it had it's own Yelp listing. Gorgeous tree lined street with dream homes to your left and right. This is definitely one of my favorite places in Phoenix. If you have the money this is one of the best locations in the city and has that older neighborhood feel. Go early in the morning and you enjoy the early morning sun shining on Piestewa Peak and Camelback.
5	I live in this neighborhood, and regularly do my workouts around the loop. It is 2 miles, and filled with gorgeous homes, and views of the mountains. It is perfect for interval training, or just a nice stroll. It is a neighborhood so be respectful.
