1	I would not recommend this place if it was the last place to stay at!! We needed a cheap month to month place while we were buying our house no contract .. What we should have done was rented a apartment for the four months (we ended up staying two and going to an apartment month to month for the other..... We were on the ground floor and at night needed to put a towel under the door because of the roach problem not to mention the notice from other guests.. We got one coffee pouch when we first checked in but When we asked for more they told us no and that the towels were only delivered once a week when they came to clean unless we went to front desk which was fine until our personal towels went missing and were replaced by theirs ... They never did find our towels ... And insisted we not be there when they cleaned our room... Hmm wonder why... I'll quit rambling save your money and stay else where or get a cheap month to month apartment!
2	It is what it is... cheap rates, but you get what you pay for. When our family was displaced from our house for a few days was perfect for us, kitchen, cheap rates, but the smell in the hallways is not the best. Nothing a little Fabreeze and scented candle couldnt mask.
1	Terrible hotel. The whole hotel might as we'll be for smokers. Drink people walking around yelling. No shampoo in the bathroom.I thought I was being Punk'd. Left and stayed at the Holiday Inn.
1	I have never written a review on yelp before, but today, this hotel has driven me to do so. Basically all of the poor reviews below are true, but the kicker for me was when the hotel ran out of toilet paper. That's right, they RAN OUT of TOILET PAPER!!! How is this even possible? When asking the front desk about it, they simply replied that it had been ordered. Ya think. And when would it arrive? Oh, "usually takes a couple of days." What?! Are you kidding me?!!! They did say they would reimburse us if we went and bought some. My question though is, you're the hotel, Costco, Walmart and Fry's are across the street - how are YOU, THE HOTEL, not required to go to one of these places and supply it, until the shipment comes in? I'm dumbfounded.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE! Worst place we have ever stayed. Between  noisy "neighbors" at 3:00AM and the fire alarm being pulled by pranksters at 8AM and 1PM on our first day of staying here. Oh, and the promised cooking utensils and pots and pans in your room to cook a "home cooked" meal, not happening. When I called down to the front desk, I was told that housekeeping would bring some up "right away". Didn't happen. When I asked the next morning what happened. I was told (by the same front desk clerk" - "Oh, We will have to get them from an empty room." Lovely. And this is only day 2. We have paid for a week. Stay tuned. If we could get a refund, we'd leave.
2	Phone jack broken, jerry-rigged with a piece of paper to keep it in wall - message wait light continually blinked.  Light over stove burned out.  One window screen gone. Table top not clean.  Cup chipped.  Not able to give me non-smoking even though I requested it (staff did, however,  offer to spray febreeze in room).  TV channel lineup not in room - had to go back down to front desk to get it (why not put them in rooms?)  Poor TV reception.
1	Definitely filing a complaint with BBB!!!! Extremely bad experience!! Apparently they decided that their AC/Heater units all need cleaning on the weekend we booked our stay. We were rudely awakened on a Saturday morning with a guy telling us they have to clean the AC unit right at that moment. When I expressed my frustration, I was told "that's why we posted notices on the doors" as if THAT helped make me feel better about the intrusive wake up call. On an extremely hot summer day in July, they took the AC for about 2 hrs for cleaning. The rooms were also not cleaned properly and had nothing in them. No hair dryers, no hangers, no dishes/utensils. And when we would call the front desk for such items, we were made to feel guilty for asking them to bring these items to our room which made our stay less pleasant than it already was.
