4	This place is pretty nice...Great breakfast in the morning (well, great by hotel standards), nice little gym, and the whole place is new and modern. Free WiFi (I think just for the first 24 hours) was a nice touch as well. If you ever find yourself with the misfortune of needing to be in Glendale, AZ, this is not a bad way to go.
5	I took a road trip with the fellas to watch the LA Kings beat the Phoenix Coyotes @ the Jobing.com Arena and I must say our experience at this hotel far exceeded expectations!Not only was the hotel suite very affordable when split between 4 guys (3 queen beds and 1 roll away all in 1 suite at no extra charge!), but the room was very nice, included a small refrigerator and microwave and was very comfortable!  Very new and modern and all we had to do was walk across the street to the whole Westgate Center/bars/restaurants/arena which was a HUGE plus!  At the end of a drunken debauchery filled night we stumbled back (a 5 minute walk) to our hotel safely! We were going to stay a few miles away to save money but read some reviews about the hotels having "bed bugs" and being dirty.  You won't have that problem staying here!  The room was immaculate and the staff were beyond friendly and accommodating!  That was probably the best part:  Friendly staff!  The staff literally gave off a small town feel, the only time I've ever been treated better was at a bed and breakfast!  And  the morning breakfast was another thing that made this hotel worth it.  After drinking all night and being hung over, all we needed to do was stumble down to the lobby to get some eggs, sausage, ham, toast, bagels, waffles, apple and orange juice and we were re-fueled up for some more debauchery!  They had something for everyone, including a variety of cereals and  whatever you can think of for breakfast free of charge!  So if you're planning on staying anywhere near the Westgate center/Phoenix stadium/Jobing.com arena this is the place to stay!  We will definitely be staying here again the next time I'm out in AZ for a game!
4	I met up with friends to watch the Sharks/Coyotes recently. The hotel is just a sort walk to the arena and the Westgate Center. A smart choice if you plan on hanging out before and after the game and don't want to drive home or just want a few nights away.The hotel was clean and had a nice lobby to work, relax and in the morning to have breakfast.The breakfast was more than the usual continental breakfast at most hotels. There was coffee, juice, fruit, sausage, omlettes and potatoes. You can also make your own waffles.The room was big, clean and smelled fresh. Lots of tv channels to choose from.  There is a swimming pool on site to cool off when it's hote.I would definitely stay here again for a weekend hockey game with friends.
4	The rumors are true, this place was an awesome continental breakfast. It's not the usual Costco Danish +  some small cereal boxes.  They had 4 hot buffet trays with eggs, sausages, potatoes, several coffee flavors and a waffle maker with all the condiments and more!The service was quite good and the rooms were clean and not cheap looking.  My family booked it the night before and we got a surprisingly fair price.   Its right next to the Glendale Stadium stores, so be wary when the Cardinals are playing at home.  The location is ideal for Glendale and downtown trips.  Stop by for an superb breakfast on a budget to start a fun day in Phoenix.
4	Stayed here 2 weekends for a business trip. Seems to be a newer hotel in a newer area of Glendale. Rooms were very nice and clean. Continental breakfast was great, and they have fee coffee 24/7. Staff was nice and friendly.Having no transportation amenities around the hotel were sparse. The area adjacent is called "Westgate." It has a few restaurants and a movie theater, which after more than a weekends stay, would probably start to get stale. Location is RIGHT next to Uni of Phoenix stadium and jobing.com arena. I am sure that when there are Sports playing, the area livens up some.Overall a good experience!
4	Super convenient. Nice clean rooms. What more can you ask for. We got a room there so we could safely enjoy ourselves at the bars. Good price too.
5	i'm more of a motel 6/super 8 kind of guy. a place to sleep and shower. plus, when we had a dog, those were 2 of the only reasonable chains to accept dogs. since the dog is no longer with us, i "splurged" for an evening after taking the wife to tanger outlets. it's only a short walk from the outlet mall and situated right off the freeway. that being said, it was so quiet. peacefully quiet. the bed was soft and comfy. the bathroom had a giant shower, plenty of shower, and blissful hot water, as well as nice soaps and shampoos. the free breakfast was well-rounded. waffles, omelettes, hard boiled eggs, bagesl, muffins, fresh fruit, oatmeal, and good coffee. excellent free breakfast. a very nice hotel, within walking distance to the arena, shops, and restaurants of the area.
4	Since we usually have to stay somewhere unimpressive that allows dogs,  this hotel seemed like a palace! Clean roomComfy king bed with lots of pillowsNice bathroom with big shower and good water pressureFree wi-fiIt was quietNice continental breakfast with healthy options!!Digital thermostat (because I'm always cold)It's also very close to Westgate and the Tanger Outlets!!!
4	Spent last night here with my wife and adult daughter.  We attended a hockey game at the nearby arena and returned to the room to sleep.  The bed was very comfortable  but the walls were obviously too thin as we could hear the people in the adjacent room having sex.....Other than the thin walls, this is a great place to stay. It's walking distance close to everything and they even provided a shuttle van service to the Jobing arena.  The breakfast was good and very well stocked throughout the scheduled service time.
5	This hotel was outstanding - clean, large room, free wi-fi, great free breakfast with a large selection of hot and cold food, convenient location, and a friendly staff.  It was one of the best experiences I've ever had at any hotel.
4	Stayed here for the recent cardinals game and I'm very glad I did! The room was very nice, the maids all smiled and made eye contact when you walked by, and the girls at the front desk were super nice! I think I got the short end of the stick with the maid service...they came at 4pm? Maybe could be a little earlier? The continental breakfast was surprisingly good! I tried to cancel the second night because I had change in plans and they said it was non refundable because it was paid in advance...I don't know that that's the best policy. Other wise I will for sure stay here again and suggest it to anyone going to the stadium!!
4	At $99/night, I thought this hotel property was a good deal.  If you're wanting something close to Phoenix, this is a little far out.  It is close to retail central, with a outlet area near (I think) and a plethora of chain restaurants in Westgate.  The beds were very comfortable, property clean and nice staff.  I didn't have the breakfast, but it looked decent.The only downfall was the pool.  It looked like it hadn't been cleaned and was somewhat murky.  The hot tub didn't work, so it was like sitting in a warm bath. Also, not very clean and well maintained.  It was disappointing since one of the reasons I picked this hotel was for a clean/decent pool.I would stay here again, but would make sure the pool guy showed up for cleaning before I tried it out.
3	this place seemed weird with the 3 double beds i had in my room.  the room was clean enough and parking was plenty.
5	Hotel is very clean and comfortable.  Hilton Hotels does it again.  Comfortable beds, great outdoor pool and hot tub.  The hotel has a plentiful and fresh breakfast along with great coffee.  The location is convenient as it is located right next to the Cardinals stadium and a massive outdoor shopping plaza.  Overall it is in a good location right off of the freeway.
4	I stayed here for a week while on travel for business.  The location is about 30 minutes west of downtown Phoenix, though the shopping mall and outlet malls nearby make it more tolerable.Unfortunately, the hotel was going through renovations the whole time I was there, including the breakfast area and the pool, so I did not get to use either of these amenities.  Breakfast was in a tiny conference room.The rooms were clean, and the beds were comfortable.  It was no different from another Hampton, and I was happy with that.  The wifi was very fast, though it was annoying to have to log in every single day, instead of just once for the whole stay.  This is just a minor quip, and is standard at all Hilton hotels now.Overall, it was clean, the front desk was friendly and receptive, and I'd stay there again.
4	Right next to the Stadium with lots of shopping, bars, and restaurants within walking distance!? Awesome! The breakfast it's very robust, none of that dry cereal and coffee but a real breakfast with fruit, oatmeal, waffles, BACON! the rooms are clean and very nice, give it a try!
4	This is a nice moderately priced clean place to take a load off. It's right next to the Westgate Entertainment complex. And the U of AZ stadium. I imagine it's pretty crowded when there is an event but the day after Christmas it was quiet! We were upgraded to a suite and all the necessities were included. The mattress was ok and the sheets were soft. They were white as was the duvet which they wash, so no polyester bedspread with God knows what on it. We slept ok but the dripping shower was a little annoying. The fitness center was empty so I had it to myself. It was clean. They have a heated pool and spa. The breakfast included was a no go. Juice and coffee available though. Overall we would recommend this place for an off season getaway.
4	Really great hotel right in the center of things! First, the staff was terrific. They were very accommodating. I was able to check in early at 930am. The rooms were nicely sized and clean with a mini fridge and microwave. Beds were comfy too.  University of Phoenix stadium and Gila River arena are within walking distance and it's conveniently located next to the freeway. I will be back!
