5	Five Stars for Great Beer Selection!!!Doesn't look like much from the outside, but if you love beer, this will be your new home.  Not only do they likely have Every Single Beer You Know, they have about a million other kinds too.  If you like beer, and if you like adventure, you will love this place.The people are cool, but I found that it was far more fun to go with a huge group of friends and take over the place. And then meet people.
5	It's like home, but with a better beer selection.Thanks Smokin' Joe's.
4	I like the whole "upstairs/downstairs" thing the 'burgh bars have going on.Downstairs was nuts - nearly impossible to move. Upstairs was much better. Decent beer selection. Fun times were had by all.
3	(non)smoking Joe's.Great beer selection, good menu, friendly staff, great specials.  You really cannot go wrong here
4	This bar does what it sets out to do.  They have an excellent beer selection and have some pretty on the ball bartenders.  Like any bar in South Side, when it's crowded, the experience can be pretty miserable.  It's a high end beer joint infiltrated by douches who don't care what they're drinking.  I wish those guys would just drive down to Jack's and drink some swill.  If the downstairs is crowded, it might be worth it to go upstairs.  Bartender is equally as friendly and it's a smaller space, which can be good or bad.  I do repeat, why do people go to this bar just to drink a Bud.  It's like going to the Four Seasons and ordering a fucking hot dog.
4	great beer selection and wings as well.
5	I'm new to Yelp, but this is one place I will review.East Carson Street is over-flowing with bars and restaurants. However, there is one place many seem to miss, and it's quite the hidden gem. If you like great beer, great bar food, friendly/cute/knowledgable cocktail waitress, and bartenders who know their drinks, Smoking Joe's is the place for you.Commonly mistaken for a dive-bar, "The Joe" is a staple of the South Side for beer-lovers. I've been going there since I was underage, but this is one of the few places I will go back to. Has a very neighborhood/town-bar feel to it. The beer selection is incredible; they always have 65 beers on tap from all-around the world, including seasonal selections abound for those with adventurous taste-buds, in addition to over 300 or more on bottle.The food is above-average and inexpensive. Their wings are the best in the Southside, and maybe the city. Tuesday and Wednesday nights are designated "Wing Nights", 30 cents each from 7 to 12, and Thursday night is "Yuengs and Wings Night", 40 wings and a pitcher of Yuengling for 12.95. Aside from the wings, the Burgers are good, and one of the better Steak Salads I've had. Everything is under 12 bucks.The service is exceptional. Tommy and Llama run the bar, and they know their stuff. Just don't ask Tommy how he feels about Big Ben or the Steelers. The cocktail waitresses are cute, funny, attentive, and know their beers. In terms of entertainment, there are plenty of HD-TV's around always playing whatever sporting events are taking place, and they will always allow you to change the channel to watch a different game if need be. They don't run a tight ship here, fairly laid-back. There is a Golden Tee machine, as well as a dart board, and a touch-screen Jukebox.The crowd: Literally an eclectic mix of young professionals, thirty-somethings, folks from the neighborhood, and can become "College-y" on weekends. A self-proclaimed "Penguins" bar, this place always seems to fill up on game-nights. Like others said, weekends are hectic, but here's a secret; they have an upstairs called "The Distillery".The Distillery is just a name for the upstairs bar. A smaller room littered with beer-paraphenilla, the upstairs has a smaller tap selection and a smaller bottled selection, but if not busy, the bartenders will go downstairs and get the beer of your choice. The bonus of the upstairs is the drop-down projection screen, great for hockey games or football games. This upstairs is only open Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings.There are specials every night of the week, but you don't need an excuse to come by the Joe, get some wings, and have a beer you've never tried before. Just tell the boys what kinda beer you like, and they will point you in the right direction. Tell them John sent you in.
5	Went on a Saturday. They were having $2.50 vodka drinks. The fried provolone was delicious! We had 2 types of wings: the french something that was not that great, but the medium parmesan was great! Wings were served with celery and carrot sticks. We loved that we had 15 wings, cheese sticks, 4 vodka drinks & 4 draft beer for $36. The bartender was attentive and willing to make sure we liked the beers before ordering. She asked questions and gave several samples before we could decide on the perfect one. We sat at the bar and enjoyed every minute!
3	Superlative selection of brews and fantastic fatty pub grub. I'll come here to eat and get a couple of early evening ales but I'll stay far, far away after the sun goes down. It gets way to crowded for my liking.
5	Smokin' Joes is one of those places...where they have tons of different beers on tap, where the food is yummy, where the jukebox selection always includes what you want (Mr. Roboto? You bet!)...and where everybody knows your name. This is the kind of place where the older South Side locals go 3-4 nights a week and have been for years. Pop in on any random night and most likely they'll be sitting at the bar. (Ask for Finn and tell him Kim sent you!)  It's also a home to young professionals and the college crowd, and overall the vibe is very chill and casual. The staff are super friendly and always willing to suggest a brew if you're overwhelmed about the hundreds, yes hundreds, of drafts available. They have many hard-to-find selections and will give you a taste if you ask, definitely a beer-lovers dream.Great wing selection as well and you can't beat the 35 cent wing specials during the week. Try the seasoned salt, the perfect complement to a nice cold beer. The pizza may take a little while to make but it's worth the wait. There's also a $2.50 vodka anything special on Saturdays. And if it gets a little too crowded for your liking on the weekend, just head upstairs to a secret bar where there's plenty of seating.Definitely a must go if you've never been there and are looking for a great neighborhood bar!
5	For beer lovers andCasual drinkers alikeDon't pass this one up
5	This is one of the bars that makes the Carson Street experience enjoyable.  Although less so than The Library, Smokin' Joe's is one of those places that has multiple personalities depending on the time of day.  On weekdays and up until around 10pm on weekends, the place has regulars, you can use the pool table or play darts without too much trouble, and it's a great place to catch a Pens game.  Late night on weekends, the downstairs gets packed with one too many girls sipping on Washington Apple shots for my taste...But it's certainly still fun.  Unfortunately, unless there's a game on, the upstairs is always, well, boring, and the excellent beer selection does not extend to up there.  I wish they could do something to make better use of the upstairs space.Don't expect the bartenders to know how to make any sort of specialty cocktail unless there's beer involved.  I'm obsessed with the Haystack: half Hoegaarden, half Framboise.One thing that's a little backwards about Smokin' Joe's is the abundance of Miller Lite specials.  You are a beer bar with a huge selection on tap and hundreds of bottled beers:  Why all the specials on crappy beer?
4	Drunk friends got you down?Leave TIki and come here for a Calm shot of Patron.(b)
4	Here on Vacation last week.  Great place.  I watched football on Sunday.  Most locals were upset with the Steelers beat down that Baltimore handed them but no worries, at the end of the day the locals on the South Side still had a great time.  Good times with good people no doubt.
4	My friend Justin swears by the food here. I never bought into it. The beer selection is one of the best in Pittsburgh though. Good crowd too. Not too many usual D-Bags like most of the Southside bars.
3	Great beer selection, fun atmosphere, the game on TV, and a casual feel.  Great place to unwind at the end of a long day, or a great place to begin at the start of an awesome night on the South Side.  Nothing jumps out as spectacular, but I'd still bring my friends.
4	The Good.Awesome beer selection. On tap and in bottles. A great bartender. Sweet, attentive and not afraid to tell you if a beer sucks. A mean Bloody Mary. Thick and spicy. The rib wrap. Seriously, it's just ribs in a wrap. Can't be bad.The wings are fat and juicy, and the spicy BBQ is a winner.Smokin' Joe's is a perfect place to catch a game. Good food, good beer, and good people.The Bad.They don't toss the wings in the sauce...just dump it on top. Same goes for the "rubs."The burger was huge, but overcooked and dry. Good flavors on the Reuburger though.The Ugly. There's Jack, and other liquor available in the soda gun. That could definitely get ugly.
4	With the least amount of pretension allowed by craft beer bar law, this place ranks high on my list of great beer bar destinations.  With over 60 drafts, and 350 bottles their selection covers some impressive ground.The back bar couldn't be any simpler. Its a full length row of glass door coolers, exactly what you would expect to see along the back wall at a 7-Eleven convenience store.  (a wild fantasy 7-Eleven, but a 7-Eleven nonetheless).  These coolers are propped up a bit higher and leave the people sitting at the bar a good view of the beers offered.  The service was great - from both of the bartenders working the bar.  It was a very busy afternoon when I was there, and they made it look easy.  Great mix of very friendly locals and tourists.To say that I have had a few beers in my life would be a tiny bit of an understatement.  I love to try new beers, or at least beers I have never had.  At Smokin' Joe's I had Moylan's Nitro Special Bitter, Anchor Brewing's Humming Ale, Ballast Point Brewing's Reef Rye Brown Ale, and Elysian Brewing Company's The Immortal IPA.  I was impressed with all 4 of them, and oddly enough, most impressed with the Humming Ale.  Awesome selection.Looking for a bit of a snack to go along with the beers, I ordered the pierogies and added the kielbasa option.  I saw them served to someone else across the bar and had to get them.  Unfortunately they were hard to find on the menu.  For some reason they are way in the back, almost listed as an afterthough.  They shouldn't be.  They were prepared just as I had hoped.  Topped with a bunch of quick high heat pan fried in butter white onions, leaving some teeth to them, but also giving some of that sweet caramelized flavor.  There is a large flatscreen TV on the wall that separates the front and back of the room.  The screen changes showing you their list out the most recent tapped beers, the list of IPA's only, and a few others.  Great idea.I'll be back.
3	Stuffed from a burger and sundae, I eventually ended up a few blocks down the street at Smokin' Joes to close out the afternoon. Of course I didn't eat anything, but just grabbed a drink. I was initially excited about the excellent variety of beer selections and I may have stayed for more than one pint except for one thing: the three douche bags sitting next to me at the bar.  Obviously, all single, late 30-something know-it-alls who felt it necessary to talk about international politics, recessive genetics and other completely random stuff, all ultra boring for a bar on a Saturday afternoon. It wouldn't have been nearly as bad had they not been the type of idiots who unintentionally talked loudly to one another, even though they were all sitting close together and there were few other patrons in the place. Apparently, we all had to hear the 'intellectuals' impart their wisdom on and about the world. After a short time, I downed my beer, got an acknowledged eye-roll out of the guy sitting on my other side and got the heck out of there feeling very annoyed. I realize Joe's has no control over which idiots walk through their door, so I'll probably give them another chance someday.
3	A good place to go during the week for a good beer and some bar food.  Smokin' Joe's has an excellent draft list and for fair prices.  The staff are friendly and polite and the place is just a little "divy".  The food isn't really worth it though.  The wings are 40cents a piece twice a week, but the wings are soggy and the sauces are bland.  I'd stick with beer you will be impressed.
3	I love beer. 3 stars for that. It is a bar after all.As one of the first places I visited when I moved to Pittsburgh I remember coming out of the bathroom and seeing a family of four with two young kids in the bar and nearly passing out. What is the deal in PA with being able to bring your kid to the bar. Now I have a kid and we regularly make it out for a pint.
4	Smokin' Joes, like many bars on Carson Street, differs depending on when you decide to go.  It's either loud, crowded and has top  40 music pumping, is packed with Penguins/Steelers fans during a game, or is relatively low key with patrons hanging out over sports and casual conversation.  I've decided to go during these different times and one thing is always a constant: the beer.  With an extreme bottle selection and an impressive draft selection, Smokin' Joes is the place to go on Carson Street for the beer lover (besides Carson Street Deli).  If it isn't too busy you are able to 'try before you buy' with their draft selection which is always nice when you want to try something new.  Due to the awkward setup of this bar, it gets quite jammed up on weekend nights when you first walk in but you can usually find some standing room in the back near the pool table and darts.  As for the food, typical pub grub fleshes out the menu.  The food won't blow your mind but will leave you content when hungry.  I've had the ribs with a side of fries and it was satisfying.  All in all, I enjoy Smokin' Joes during the more mellow parts of the day (before 9 pm on the weekends) but I find myself coming back quite often due to my affinity for delicious beer.
5	For Bar Food, Beer and Atmosphere - It is as good as it gets in PGH.
4	Smokin' Joe's has become a regular stop for me in the past two years, mostly because I'm there once a week for trivia.  I like going here for several reasons:First, they have an extensive and relatively cheap beer list.  60 on tap and over 300 in bottles. Second, They are open 11 am - 2 am every day of the week.  Since my "weekend" is Monday-Tuesday, I appreciate somewhere I can go to unwind on a Sunday night. Third, they have some of the best wings in the city.  if you go on a Wednesday, they are 40 cents each (25 for boneless). Lastly, it's the perfect South Side "Goldilocks" bar.  It's not expensive and pretentious, but it's not so shady that you think you will get knifed if you insist on ordering something classier than Miller Light. A few weaknesses to note. The bartenders are amazing, but some of their servers are painfully slow.  Also, the food menu is really hit or miss.  The wings, spinach dip, and french onion soup are all fantastic.  Their burgers and sandwiches are somewhat lacking.  Overall, however, Smokin' Jones is one of my favorite bars in the South Side.
5	Tommy, otherwise known as Mikey, is the best bartender in all of greater Pittsburgh. Great beer selection. Great people.
4	I'm lucky that I get to travel for a living and I use my Yelp App to seek out great beer spots.  In the last year I have over 150 hotel nights in fourteen states.  So I've had a chance to visit a tremendous number of great beer joints!My Holy Grail is the big three- A great beer selection, amazing gastro-pub food, and a bartender that looks like a Victoria's Secret model!  I haven't found this mystical place yet but I'll keep trying.Smokin' Joe's is one for three but it's the most important one and that's a great beer selection.  What can I say; the tap list and the bottle list are both exceptional. The organization of the beer list itself is very good.  Many less traveled folks would probably say five stars but I'm going for 4.  The lists at the 5 star places include IBUs and a more extensive description of each beer.  BTW, the beer prices are very competitive here.  As others have said, the food is hit and miss here.  For me it was a miss.  Actually I'm not even going to discuss it. I'm going to think of these folks as a four star beer place without a menu.If you are a beer aficionado and in the Pittsburgh area, a visit here is a must.  Just eat first and come here for the brews.
3	On a recent weekend trip to PGH, stopped in here for a beer before last call.Beer selection is, of course, amazing: 60+ taps and 300+ beers = you can't go wrong. Did not have food, as it was right before last call. Barkeeps were nice enough, knowledgeably chatting us up about Boston sports (where I'm from).Will definitely be back on a future trip to sample more of their extensive beer list.
5	We stopped in on a whim one night to watch a Pens game and I have to say, I fell in love.  Fantastic drink specials Friday and Saturday night.  The bartenders are always nice and you rarely have to wait for anything.  Food wise I have only ever had the fried pickles, wings and the rib wrap.  It's bar food so don't expect anything healthy but that wrap is something special.
5	Massive beer selection.  Chill but attentive bar staff.  The hot wings were also good.  I had a great experience here and would be back if I ever came to PA again.
4	Goddamn, their beer selection is impressive!  Been in Pgh for about 2 months now, and I haven't been to another place that comes close to Smokin Joe's selection.   To make things even better, the waitresses are really attentive, and if you are indecisive about what beer to get, they're fairly knowledgeable and will let you try several beers before you make a decision.  The food is about the usual for bar food, however they do have specials for each day of the week (25 cent boneless chicken wings on Mondays, 75 cent sliders on Thursdays, etc).   The Friday and Saturday crowd seems to be a mix of undergraduates and graduate students.  Overall, it's a fairly chill and fun atmosphere.Smokin Joe's is probably the best place for beer in town.
4	Lots of beers. Good food. Nice staff. Tend to walk by you at the bar when you need a refill.And the bathroom stall door needs repaired.
4	Definitely, an older crowd at this bar; I'd say the median age was around 40 on the night I went. Though, the crowd was agreeable (that is, no one was overly friendly or unwarrantedly rude). They have pool and darts in the back of the bar for those looking to play some games while drinking. There are also televisions everywhere, so there is no shortage of activities.Moreover, Smokin' Joe's has an impressive beer selection. I was unable to count (or even find) all of the taps demonstrating how large the selection is. Additionally, there was a huge refrigerator with bottled beers behind the bar redoubling the beer count. Simply, impressive.
5	One of the best Draft beer selections in the city. Staff is awesome, friendly and quick to get you drinks. Food is good to great. Recommend wings and rib wrap. Good mix of people (older crowd which to me is better)
4	They have a great beer selection, the food is good regular bar food, and the staff is great. They have a pool table and darts making it a fun place to hang. I'd rather come during the week because it gets crazy busy on the weekend nights.
4	I like coming here the food is pretty good nice selection of beers the atmosphere is friendly
3	I was only here for beers at the bar during a Pens game, although the food coming out of the kitchen smelled like greasy bar food in the best way - perfect fries are like catnip to me.  The special all afternoon Saturday was Yuengling for $2.50, although they do have a great selection of craft beers on tap and Belgian/craft beer in bottles.Our server was attentive and the right blend of "I have to wear this tank top because I'm a girl bartender" and laid-back.While the bar was full for the game, there were only 2 tables filled.  I'm torn between reserving this for when I want a beer fix and trying food.  What I experienced was a-okay though.
5	AMAZING beer selection!!!  Wednesday nights is trivia nights, so much fun!  Crowd varies from college kids to older locals, depending on time of day.  Very hometown atmosphere.  Staff is very friendly. I always come here when i can't decide on a place to go.
1	Food's not bad, but not great. Very loud music. Service is lacking. And tonight they were out of the draft special and had no buns, so burgers were being served on white bread. Really.
4	Bartenders are great and are always willing to pour samples and suggest similar beers based on others you like. Great beer selection. The Mac & Cheese is fantastic!
4	This place is one of my favorite bars on the South Side... and this is coming from an Eagles/Flyers fan. The service is excellent and I never had trouble getting a drink.  The wings are phenomenal and I highly recommend ordering them even if you're not terribly hungry.  They run really good specials and they have pool and darts.  Smokin Joes is basically a fun place to hang out for the night with a large group of friends.
4	From a mainly strictly drinking perspective- this place is awesome. TONS of craft beers on tap and they have tons of bottles as well - to drink there or to take home. The staff is really awesome and friendly and has been happy to help me decide what beer to try each time I have gone. There are so many beers and can be a little overwhelming when you first walk in, so don't hesitate to ask their opinion! I have yet to eat anything here besides the fried pickles. They are pickle chips and are honestly not my favorite, but they aren't bad. You get a lot of them and if you come during happy hour they're half off! Smokin joes is overall an awesome place to kick back, watch a game or go to happy hour and drink some awesome beers! It gets packed on the weekends, so get there early on a Friday or Saturday!
3	I'm huge on customer service and this place seemed as if they didn't know u they didn't care. Great draft selection with a mix of locals n crafts, but not busy and took the bartenders a while to ask us what we would like and didn't once have any interaction with them.  Pool table and darts. Seems like if u knew the bartenders you'd enjoy yourself a lot more.
