4	I will admit that this review is based on my memory of the original store which is set to re-open tomorrow. I will update this after a fresh visit. I remember my mouth watering just after a quick in and out look on day years ago. If their re-opening advertizing is any indication it's going to be an "amuse bouche" (mouth amusement) extravaganza. The ad shows delectable morsels of Kobe beef, thick cut Balik smoked salmon, shaved truffles, folded Prosciutto di Parma, and some sort of Brie-esque cheese all supplanted on individual forks. I may not be able to sleep until the open house tomorrow. They also claim to be a gourmet foodies paradise. I won't deny that they have that potential, even from what I remember. I'm ready for taste bud cloud 9.
5	This place gets five stars almost by default.  It is extremely clean, extremely well organized and impeccably presented!If you like to shop for groceries while toting your Fendy clutch - this is the place to be.Pricier than your average place! But hey - luxury ain't cheap!
2	The place looks nice since the renovation with a nice outdoor seating area and sleek interior, but it does not justify the overpriced groceries that can be found in almost every other grocery store in the area for less.
2	The renovated store looks great, clean and the fresh,fish,meats and produce are displayed beautifully. The pre-cooked food looks delicious. So why the low star count...2 reasons....over-priced for the same or lesser products that are available for less money at other groceries such as Metro,IGA or Provigo. Everything seems to be at least 20% more costly here......sorry but thats just pure greed as far as I am concerned. What I found even worse than the over-pricing was the sneaky and intentional mis-labelling of product.  An example....I went to the fish counter and asked if they had organic salmon.....the sales clerk behind the counter pointed to a tray with salmon fillets labelled.  " Natural Scottish Salmon " ......as anybody who has done any reading at all will know, the word " natural" in this instance has absolutely no meaning at all and certainly cannot be used in place of the word organic to denote an organic product. When I pointed out that if the fish met the criteria set out to be called "organic" then it should be labelled as organic and that the word " natural" cannot be substituted to mean organic. It is mislabelled. The clerk immeadiatly got arrogant and told me I was wrong, the fish was organic and that I could believe it or not.This labelling of products as "natural" is a well- known ploy by restuarants and markets to try to get the consumer, especially the ill-informed consumer to believe they are purchaseing something they are not. If the salmon in question was organic then they would have used the word organic.....since they chose instead to use the word "natural" I can only believe that it was not organic and they were not being honest about it.So buyer beware.....
