5	Love their sushi and their atmostphere. Sushi are roll tight and not sloppy so it doesn't fall all over the place. You are able to order everything in the restaurant so you're not limited to certain orders like other all you can eat sushi restaurants.
4	Located on W. Craig just northeast of rancho in the smith's plaza. Sage sushi must be one of my favorite sushi spot. It's delicious food  and great service makes this sushi bar an outstanding place to eat.
1	I use to frequent Sage often but it is now under new ownership, whom has totally changed the place and does not honer any of the things that made me love sage in the first place. Its almost like the Grinch has taken over the restaurant, and now you can tell its about the profit line not customer service!. they have lost a "loyal" customer.
1	SAGE IS  NOW UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT!! Food portions are small and prices have gone up!
1	First of all the service was very slow. As soon as I walked in I notice that another table were making complaints to the server. The sushi had way to much rice. And the food sucked so much that I didn't want to finish it. The sushi chef was using his cell phone and touching his cell phone and then touch the sushi he was making without washing his hand. This has to be a health code violation. And worst of all the server was really really really rude. She had a bad attitude and did not even try to take care of us. She did not refill my drink even though she could see that it was empty. Very poor service and very bad attitude. And the food did not taste good at all. She took forever to bring me my check and when we left she did not even acknowledge us. WE WERE VERY DISAPPOINTED. PEOPLE DO NOT EAT HERE. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE. HORRIBLE. I WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAIN. I HOPE I SAVED YOU THE DISAPPOINTMENT.
2	Big change from the previous reviews as far as appearance. First the Chefs and waitress were in costume playing the part. They also advised me to choose more than 1 role because it could take some time in between orders. Appetizers are included with All You Can eat. BIG Plus! The food came in about 10 to 15 minutes. But, I was 1 of five customers there. Now the bottom line.This place needs a little more for example checking on your drink when the ice melts (I ordered Ice Tea). The Sushi was Average. So the price was expensive. All-You-Can Eat Dinner was 25.00. The special which comes with Saki was displayed as 32.00 per person. This place has potential to get better. For now, I advise that you got to your local favorite so you don't feel like "I should have made the extra Drive to get what I want."
4	i really can't understand all the bad reviews, but i wasn't there for the experiences so it's not in my place to criticize them.  however, my experience here was different, and quite pleasant.  first, the owner is japanese, so you know you're getting authentic japanese food.  second, the sushi chef, as well as the cook are japanese, so it's definitely legit.  the problem with this place is perhaps the signs outside advertising AYCE and the pricing, as well as the "free food on your birthday" gimic.  i mean, let's face it, when eating establishments market itself in such a way, it does make you wonder about the quality of food being served.that said, as i've stated above, my experience was pleasant.  i ordered the AYCE sushi for 25 bucks, and had the omakase, which was wonderful.  i also had a salad, miso soup, tempura, spring roll, and for dessert - green tea ice cream.  not bad at all, in fact i felt very at home and warm inside.i can't wait to tell my parents about this little neighborhood gem of a sushi shop that i've discovered.
4	this place is solid.  good california rolls.  i think the owners are real japanese people, sushi chef is really nice.  bathrooms are clean and it has an "A" food administration rating, so it meets the health standards.  just looks kinda odd from the outside, with pink neons.  inside is nice though.
4	Although the area isn't very nice the food is yummy. Since I like to try out different sushi spots I came across Sage Sushi, so I yelped that sucker and went even though some of the reviews were low. But hey I like trying places even though some people might not like it. Everyone has their own opinion right? As my bf and I arrived a lady greeted us and asked if we wanted to do AYCE or al la carte. I am a big AYCE fan because you get your money's worth and then some. I checked out the menu and saw some new stuff that I've never seen at some other sushi places. I came upon the creamy mermaid as an appetizer, I had no clue what was in it so I asked the waitress, who was indeed very helpful. Creamy mermaid is shrimp wrapped in wonton with cream cheese and with special sauce...umm yum!! Must try: Creamy mermaid- will blow your mind if not your outta your mind. Mussels- good, has crab baked with it. Oyster Shooter's- MmMm Tako- my favorite Screaming tuna roll- chef's special, was good but too much cucumber Tako salad- with cucumber in vinegar sauce Lychee Sorbet- chunks of lychee what can go wrong. Make sure you leave room, totally recommend trying it! Overall, my experience here was fantabulous! The service was great, the chefs and waitress was very helpful, and very clean with Japanese decorations. Also, the waitresses get to wear the cool Japanese outfit. Prices are average $25.95 AYCE dinner. But if you go the day before, the day of, or day after your bday your FREE!
5	I must say that I believe Sage sushi has one of the best AYCE around. I don't even like AYCE places, but my husband loves to eat sushi and get his money worth. So when I stepped in I must say that it was refreshing to see a authentic Japanese bar... I have been eating sushi for 13 years and it was nice to see premium rolls and the whole menu available to eat at an AYCE price. The Sus chiefs make whatever you want and are very friendly. If you are in North Las Vegas, NV you should eat here..It's in the smiths food king shopping center. Believe me...I am a sushi fanatic. I will not eat junk..Hope you show up and eat up!!! ;-)
3	This place deserves 3.5 stars but just isn't good enough for 4. The AYCE happy hour special for $19.95 is amazing but there are definitely some issues with this place.The decor inside seems a bit old fashioned and depressing, not to mention the music was played from a CD player that was skipping every few minutes which was really distracting.The menu itself was a bit small but the Nigiri was plentiful and all appetizers/desserts were included in the AYCE price which was a nice addition. Not to mention they had lychee sherbert which was interesting and a great way to finish the meal. Sadly the roll choices seemed a bit dull and a lot of the rolls seemed similar. All that matters is that the sushi was really fresh and the nigiri was delicious. Couple that with the lightning fast and friendly service and I will definitely come back here for AYCE Happy Hour!
5	My buddy and I stopped in to try this place out. We sat at the bar and were helped immediately by a friendly waitress. We ordered the AYCE and started with a volcano roll. This was a good choice, I really liked this roll. The Itamae Hiro was a master roller and we had a good conversation with him. Very friendly and accommodating and sticking to Itamae tradition was helping us find new rolls we may like. The sushi bar was starting to fill up now but every order was made with precision and speed. Very impressed with this establishment and the Itamae was from japan so you just know hes good. The fish was fresh and tasty and the appetizers and desserts were included in the AYCE price which was $19.99 and $35 if you include all you can drink Saki and Sapporo. The ambiance was traditional and comforting. This is going to be my new favorite place even though it is out of my way.
3	I should start off by saying I am not the world's pickiest eater. I've eaten a ton of good food that was expensive and a ton of mediocre food that was cheap. This place is definitely more towards the "delicious" side of the scale. My date and I shared a few rolls that the waitress suggested were her favorites, and they were all pretty good. It's not a place I would consider nearly as good as Yama or Ichiza, but it was solid. The place itself seems a little bit rundown, but not enough that I would say it's a detriment... it just has character. We were seated promptly and the waitress was super nice, though I do kinda feel she forgot about us once or twice. I also felt like I had too wait entirely too long to get the first rolls out to us considering the place wasn't jammed. This is a place I would return to if I were on that side of town again, but not a place I would drive out of my way for. It's definitely an ok spot and you won't feel like you're being gouged, so it's worth a try.
4	I will start by saying this is my first sushi bar HOWEVER I have went a few times with people who love sushi and they are big fans of 'Sage Sushi'!Every time we go we get always order AYCE sushi, because you can't beat the price! It's $24.99 and for only $10 more you can also get AYCD Beer and Sake. (we go Sunday nights) For an AYCE, small, hidden restaurant it is very nice and clean inside with a very friendly and attentive staff. If I had to recommend a sushi roll that I personally love it's the "Atomic Roll" -- Mmmm! But my Dad seems to try (and love) every roll on the menu!Great price, quality sushi, nice atmosphere, friendly staff (do you really need more reason to try it?)
1	Ill be brief, but honest.The deal is like this:-Used to have owners who worked in the resturant, now you don't see the new ones-Prices went up, number of items on AYCE went down-Old owners used to let the sushi chefs 'try' new ideas out for you, and if you didn't eat them, so what! New chefs tried new ideas-WITHOUT ASKING ME WHAT I LIKED, i hated it, then they threw out 3 COMPLETE ROLLS due to me not liking tuna. However, at the end, 1 did not eat 3 pieces of a roll I ordered-so they tried to charge me $3 due to not eating.-Old decor: nice, peaceful, relaxing and pleasant to have a conversation in. New decor: cluttered, dim, looks like its from an old hotel-Even the roll names were taken from Sushi Zen and Sushi Loca!-AYCE punch card, after 10 meals then next one is FREE. Cool, i thought. So I brought in a punch card with 9 punches on it, then my wife and I EACH had AYCE. So they punched my card for the 10th, then gave her a card with 1 punch. I said "Excuse me, hers should be free I believe, that would make 11 meals total." ...to keep this VERY short, let's just say the owner wasn't there, they couldn't tell me who the Mgr on duty was and I ended up paying for the whole thing.Do the math you idiots, I've spent roughly $200 with you, now I bring my wife her for her birthday and you can't give me the meal for free?? Even though on the 10th time ITS FREE!?To the new owners:Treat people as PEOPLE, not customers. Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me. I had to get my own refill twice.And the fact that the ONLY white blonde girl working there TEXTS WHILE ON THE JOB and is still employed is mind blowing.Sell the place back to the old owners, who knew my face by my 2nd visit. You however have seen my face MORE than they did and Ive brought groups of 9+ people in and you don't think of me as anything but $$.To the folks reading this:Go to Sushi Zen, not much further up the road, MUCH nicer employees. If you don't care about AYCE then head to Sushi Loca off of 95 and Ann, that place is an AWESOME atmosphereSincerely,a FORMER customer
1	First time to Sage Sushi and while the sushi was good, the service was horrible.  We paid full price for all you can each for two people which came to $63.00.  Once we had placed our first order, the wait staff was slow on coming back around.  We had ordered another round of sushi and no wait staff came back at all.  We had decided that we were full, and was going to have desert.  We sat for over 15 minutes, and watched as the waitresses went out side for a break, spoke to new poeple coming in, went into the back room for what seemed like a very long time.  We finally got up to leave, and if we were not honest people, could have walked right out the front door without paying a dime.  Will not be going back!
1	I was seriously underwhelmed by this restaurant. Granted, I was a bit wary to even go here when I heard "all you can eat sushi" -- that almost never goes well -- but my friends were quite insistent on going.True to what I expected, there was nothing particularly positive to report about this restaurant. Everything is designed to get you in and out with as little fish in you as they can manage. You are limited to one serving (2 slices) of nigiri. I didn't even see an option for sashimi, which is generally the majority of what I eat. All of the rolls were made mostly of rice, with very little filling -- again, a tactic to fill you up quickly. The rolls were very loose and fell apart easily. What little fish I did actually get was certainly not up to the standards of freshness that I expect.Overall, my experience here was only memorable in the fact that I will remember not to return.
1	Update:  I'm sitting here with one of their "buy 10 get 1 meal free".  I'm short 1 meal to get the freebee, and I can't bring myself to go back.  Just one bad experience too many.Like others said, this place is inconsistent.  On a couple of occasions I've ordered all you can eat and gotten sushi with undercooked, tasteless rice.  There's no way to fix that.  They can't go and cook a new batch of rice on the spot.   Tried one or two bites but it was inedible. I explain the problem to the manager, expecting not to be charged for the meal,  (I only ate 2 pieces) and they charge me for what I ordered but couldn't eat!I've come back anyway as the place is near my house.  At its best the place gets 3 stars for being ok, not special, but ok if you are in the neighborhood and want some cheep sushi.  Otherwise, go elsewhere.
5	When I walked in the door, it felt like I was in a sushi restaurant in Kobe, with the bamboo entrance, and the running fountain.  Being greeted in Japanese, and the waitresses dressed in Kimono's was quite impressive.  Food presentation was definitely 5 star.  I didn't have to ask for drink refills, I actually had to ask the waitress, to stop refilling my drink.  I had the chicken katsu dinner--it came with california roll, vegetable and shrimp tempura, salad, miso soup and sliced oranges.  And one can order entree's or all you can eat sushi--and if it's your b'day, they have specials.  The price is reasonable, and I am definitely returning to try their lunch menu.  You can't beat Sage Sushi Bar.
5	I don't get these other reviews.  The atmosphere is a little dated but the food is great.  They have some really wonderful specialty rolls.  We have always found the staff friendly and fun ( even taking several shots of saki with us). i can honestly say my wife and i have tried 95% of all sushi restraints on the North side of town and enjoy Sushi Sage the best, scan bet the food and price.
5	This is my favorite place to have AYCE! the staff is always so friendly. the chef is so polite and will recommend things based on what youve already ordered and is very accomadating. i love the sushi here just as much as the friendly service. i have an amazing experience every single time! I used to frequent oyshi but it started going downhill and then i found sage.. its a billion times better and at a much better price!the best sushi in vegas, hands down.
5	Wow! what a great place to bring your friend, family. We loved it. My girls loved the Creamy Mermaid;)
3	We have been going to Sage for years and I have always really liked it. I'm a huge fan of the Asian Pillow and Asian Green rolls.Our favorite waitress recently left and since then the service has been horrible. On our last visit my dinner companion got all of her rolls (and was done eating) 45 minutes before I even got my first roll. When I asked why it was taking so long they told me that one of the chefs was new and he didn't know how to make the Asian Green so he just put my whole order aside. I'm very disappointed to take Sage out of my rotation, but with the last 4 visits, each worse than the last, I can't, in good conscience keep going there.
4	The sushi  has been always fresh but the other day the rolls were just not as good as they have been, maybe different chief ? waitstaff is super but over all best so far.
4	Decent sushi. Not a bad place I get your sushi fix.
1	The fish us awful. I wouldn't ever go to this place again.
3	Sushi was pretty good and the best green mussels I've ever had. Service was slow but $35 for all you can eat and drink??? Hell Ya!!!!
2	This was my go to place in north Summerlin when I was too tired to drive to Sushi Mon.  On two of my most recent visits I stopped eating after one piece of sushi because the rice was underdone and inedible.  To add insult to injury they charged my for what I had ordered and was unable to eat.  Over a 6 month period I collected 10 stamps and my next dinner would have been free, but I am so sure I'll be disappointed I don't even want to to there for a free meal!
4	Sushi Sage is my go-to sushi joint.  I eat there about once a month, and have never been disappointed.  The menu offers a fair selection if nigiri sushi, and a lot of rolls that span the gamut from simple and traditional to the "How dirty can we make the name of this roll" game that all sushi joints indulge in.  I did not realize how special this place was until I took friends from Phoenix.  They told me that an equivalent meal in Phoenix would have cost over $100 per person, and would not have been nearly as good. Sage Sushi is now a required stop whenever they are in town, and we enjoy every visit!
1	Sage has become our sushi place, that is until tonight.  We ordered 2 AYCE and one Deluxe Tempura Platter.  The sushi was not nearly as good as it has been in our past visits.  The rice was overly sticky.  A number of the rolls that we ordered were fair at best, not even considering the rice.  We had an assortment of leftover pieces from those rolls that weren't good - and they wanted to charge us .50 for each piece.  If it were good, it would have been eaten.  I let it be known that an added fee would be completely offset by the tip.  I was told they didn't care.  The owner, Mary, was very rude, and made a few whispered remarks.  When I questioned what she said, I was told "nothing".  (There was no additional charge)  We had to wait a full 20 minutes to get the bill - and that included asking every server.  Another 10 minutes before someone would take the payment.  Our stamped card for a free dinner was almost filled up, but we ripped it up before we left.  Bummer!
1	NEVER GO HERE.As soon as we walked in, we were given a tray, at the bar. They were "fresh out of the dishwasher". However, they were dripping wet, and when I reached out for mine, there was a sauce like substance that I got on my hand. When I tried to tell the waitress about it, she didn't believe me, informing me of how "clean they were". I had to show her my dirty hand for her to wipe it off. She didn't even offer me a napkin.When our drinks came, my friend noticed big black floaties in her glass. The waitress blamed it on the tea filter.Another waitress asked if things were going ok, and I said no, telling her about the dirty items.She argued with me about it! What kind of staff argues with a customer! WE WALKED RIGHT OUT, AND YOU SHOULD TOO.If I could give ZERO stars, I would. This place is filthy!
5	Love this place!! The waitresses are nice and friendly. Love the lunch specials and bday special!
1	The fish was not fresh, Had better store bought Philly roll which is really sad. Good server but food is not up to par. Won't be back here anytime soon. (Least till quality gets better).
4	Been here one, and I'm gonna go out of m way to say that this place is probably going to be out go-to AYCE Sushi joint.  friendly staff, attentive, a nice ambiance, AWESOME food too!Although I must say I've never been a fan of time limits on AYCE, but I guess people can and do take advantage of it.  And the fact that out kid don't eat for free :(I just made myself crave for some sushi
4	Very nice service!  Good fish, And interesting birthday specials :)
3	Had lunch here today and the sushi was ok. Some of the fish didn't look very fresh, specifically the salmon. Also some of the cucumber in my rolls tasted weird. I dunno If it was more of a texture issue or if the pieces of cuke were too big...I really can't explain it. They have 3 menus. One is for AYCE, one for lunch specials and an ala carte menu. I went with AYCE and ordered the rainbow roll, Japanese lasagna, 2pcs of super white tuna, and half of the sc7 and volcano rolls. The lasagna was good but it fell apart when I tried to pick it up. I hate that! I shouldn't need to use a fork to eat my sushi! The rainbow was typical rainbow except that cucumber was so prominent it overpowered my roll! Boo. My favorite was the sc7 it was a cali roll wrapped in soy paper with spicy crab, a touch of cream cheese and avocado. Price for my lunch was $23.73 with tax because I didn't order a drink just water. They also have an ayce special which also includes aycd (all u can drink) with choices of Draft beer or sake and that runs $34 something per person. The service was fine no problems there but I can't say I will be going back. There are too many other better sushi spots around town.
5	For someone who eats sushi ALOT it's hard to find a good sushi restaurant that's reasonably priced and with good quality, but Sushi Sage is just that. With a big 'All you can eat' menu, there is little that wouldn't satisfy even the pickiest eater, the only draw back is the limitations on some of the menu items such as a maximum of 6pc. of sashimi cut or a single order of Uni or Ikura, and that you can only get certain items if you pay the dinner price, but the limitations are mitigated by the large menu for specialty rolls and nigiri. Some diners might find coming here a difficult experience during certain days or time, like holidays or weekends, because they are a small operation, they have a difficult time handling a sudden rush of customers.. for a more pleasing experience, I found the best times to eat are during the weekdays shortly after opening or in the late evening, avoid dining during a lunch or dinner rush on a weekend or holiday, come in for the lunch specials or wait for 'Happy hour' to start, prices are better and there are less people, that way the servers and chefs aren't so overwhelmed and can provide a better dining experience, sitting at the bar is also a good idea when dining late as you can order sushi and rolls directly from the sushi chef and have the added bonus of watching your food get made and being able to chat up the chef when it's not busy, letting the chefs know your preference allows them create custom dishes just for you.  All in all a great experience, the chefs are friendly and experienced, the servers are prompt and efficient, especially the new server they just hired not long ago, she was by far one of the most experienced server I've met, she has a lot of concern for your dining experience and is fast and knowledgeable, Kudos miss Erin!
4	Went there for the first time with a friend, who had been recommended by a friend.... The atmosphere was pleasant and appeared clean. The wait staff was friendly, albeit somewhat slow, and accomodating of a service dog (the floor is carpeted and there is sufficient space under the table for a SD).The food was good; I enjoyed the seaweed salad and found the sushi to be tasty. Not all the fish was exceptional, but it was good; and there was a nice selection of specialty rolls (I recommend the Monkey as a dessert roll). I thought the AYCE price was a bit high at almost $27 and I'd be more likely to rate it 2.5-3 $ signs (I'm used to $20 for AYCE else where).All in all I enjoyed myself and I will return to Sage when back in town.
1	I gave it one star because I had to this is by far the worst service and food I've had however Juliana was awesome if they had two of her I might not have had to wait an hour for my miso soup with four squares of tofu. Asian lady kept taking orders never writting a single item down which also meant we didnt get anything we asked her for..funniest thing was when he told one of my friends that she couldn't order because she had already placed an order, all she had ordered was more ginger lol anywho for the price stay away!!!!!
5	My husband and I love this place! We've been coming here for 4 years. It's not in the best neighborhood, but the food is good! We always do AyCE with all you can drink Kirin and sake. It is so worth it! Everything we've tried there is sooo good! They don't have ridiculous rules like other AyCE establishments. The owner and sushi chef are really nice sweet people and make sure your taken care of. Its not a fancy place but if your looking for a place to fill your belly up with great sushi and a good buzz, then this is the spot!
2	Good food, terrible service.Portions are smaller than most places, tasty sushi. however, rolls have too much rice. Try the candy came roll, it's interesting!The waitress kept taking our plates too soon, rushed us w/ ordering & cut us off from ordering more by asking us if we are full yet. Probably won't return.
3	We've never eaten inside and always order to go over the phone. I like it. Their spicy rolls are among my favorites, but my wife isn't into spicy at all. They have tons of different kinds of California rolls. Price varies from cheap to expensive depending on how many rolls you get and what kind of rolls they are.
4	Great service and great food. I used to dine here 2-4 times a month. If i hadn't moved 45mins away i would continue eating here. a must try for any sushi fan! the best roll in my opinion was the "Drew James Roll"
3	The sushi was not fresh nor good. The service was slow and they brought out doubles of something we only ordered one of. They took 45 minutes to bring my friend's beer out and by that time we were already done eating. The main reason it was enjoyable was because of my friends birthday. Other than that I probably won't be back. Pro.Free AYCE on your birthday
2	Went to Sage last night on the recommendation of some friends and I will not be going back.  The service was terrible, the worst I have ever had in a local restaurant.  The restaurant was only about half full and they had at least 3 sushi chefs working.  We were there for almost two hours because it would take 20 minutes or so between rolls.  Our waitress was indifferent and unapologetic.  The restaurant is also a bit run down and had a slightly funky smell that I noticed when we first arrived.  The food was ok, not the best sushi I've had but certainly not horrible. Maybe it was just an off night but I don't think I will be a repeat customer.
1	Me and my girlfriend went here once and we will never come back againWe were there doing all you can eat ordered a bunch of stuff and we only got 2/12 things we ordered. We were there for a hour!!  Constantly had to ask for more water because every time they would forget to bring us some.We decided just to leave.  And to top is all of They wanted to charge us (2) $26 all you can eat.    They only brought us california roll and salmon nigiri!!   Hell no.  We went to mc donalds after.
5	Amazing. I was hooked the first time I came here. The waitresses have an upbeat attitude and are willing to work with whatever needs me and my friends have as customers, however when the owner is around they are reprimanded for even having a 10 second conversation with a customer, even if it's about the food, which is something that needs to be improved. The interior of the restaurant is not the greatest, it looks like they bought their decor from big lots; go elsewhere if you are looking for a location to host a formal event. The menu has a decent selection, I've never been dissatisfied with any dish I've had there. They do not try and scam you by adding copious amounts of rice like I've seen other restaurants do. The orders go in very quickly and are never messed up. I absolutely love this place and know refer to it as our "usual" sushi place and will always come back.
2	Bad service place needs a good cleaning or new Management!
3	I had the AYCE lunch at Sushi Sage Sunday June 1st. I was meeting with a friend to review plans for upcoming events. He suggested we meet here. I jumped on YELP and honestly I was a bit concerned with some of the reviews. Although I only gave them 3 stars it was a good experience. We were seated right away, the server took our order right away and our rolls were served right away. The waitress was very attentive and there was not a delay with our additional orders. My only problem was the window price for all you can eat was $21.00 and change when the bill came it was $23.00 and change. Seems like that would be something they would have taken care of. I have not had sushi in a while so not complaints. Need a sushi partner so it may be a while before I have it again. I go to many different eating places but for some reason I do not enjoy sushi as much alone. If anyone knows why that is please shoot me a note. I also thought just North of $60.00 for two AYCE with a soda and a tea with tip was a tad high. I always like trying new sushi spots. So hit me up with your recommendations.
5	Good and very yummy!! AYCE is 26.95 and happy hour from 9-10:15pm is $21.95. They also have all u can eat and drink (beer and sake) for 39.95The food is amazing. You need to try the Creamy Mermaid that is made from shrimp, blue cheese, wrapped up, and deep fried served with a spicy mayo and cilantro sauce.. Also the Baked mussels are also amazing.. U are allowed to choose up to 6 pieces of sashimi and I like to have the chefs choice.. Everything is beautifully plated and tastes amazing. Also a roll to try is the Atomic Bomb.. Very delicious. All part of the All u can eat..Service is also amazing!! The chefs and servers are very friendly, outgoing, and helpful.. This place is a must try..
3	First time here.  Did the ayce. Both sushi chefs and server was Filipino a first I have to say. $21.95. Place is out dated. Need to upgrade the furniture. A little too dark. Food tasty and lots of sides to order besides sushi. They have several tv's to view. They also have a all you can eat and drink. You can order full rolls or half.
4	This is my goto sushi spot its pretty close to home I know the chefs and they are consistent on quality and service.
5	I've been going to Sage Sushi for almost 8 years now. They are right down the street from where I live and I absolutely love the owner and the staff who work there. It may be a little dated on the inside, but I love the kitsch 80's sushi vibe on the inside. I've never once had bad service, always fresh fish, and the chefs have always prepared everything quickly and effectively. My favorite thing on the menu is the Monkey Roll. The banana tempura with the white pearl sauce is so amazingly delicious. The AYCE portion of the menu is pretty extensive and they have lots of great options. They are a wonderful little business and I will continue to be a regular customer of theirs. I've eaten at just about every sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. From The Strip's 5 star cuisine, to hole in the wall Japanese locations. Sage Sushi will always be my first choice when going out for sure though! They never disappoint! 5 stars
5	I've been eating at Sage for going on 6 years now. In that time my friends and I have visited other sushi resteraunts. Some to our dismay. We always return to our favorite place. The turn over in wait staff has caused an ebb and flow with service. Common in the food industry. The sushi however is always of high quality in taste and creativity.  I enjoy the interaction of the chefs with the clientel. Its far better than the generic stoic composure of other establishments. It goes a long way in creating a pleasurable dining experience.
1	This 1 star is only for price.  Why?  I believe the owner may have greed problems or maybe even gambling problems.  The prices have gone up considerably over the last few months.  Starting to look like a "ghost town" when I go there.  It should be busy during dinner.  5pm on a Thursday night I would have at least expected to see a few patrons.  I was the only one.  Finally about 6 pm 4 more showed up, then 2 more to order to go.  That was it.  When I asked the staff what was going on, they mentioned that other customers said the price was changing for the worse and too quickly so they were not coming back as often or even coming back anymore.  AYCE and drink at $45?  Wow, are they near the strip?  High rent district?  I'm guessing that the rent is only about $1.25 - $1.75 psf.  That and their limited staff does not warrant such a high price.  There must be underlying problems the owner is facing to charge such a rate.  I will be going back, once every 2 weeks, but that is ONLY because of Senji.  He, in my humble opinion, is a master sushi chef with excellent knowledge about sushi, cuts, seasons etc.  If he leaves, I will be gone too.  The staff there....I give a 5 star rating because is not their fault if the owner is having financial problems, price hikes and changing menus.  Come on, 1 sushi chef for dinner?  really?  I'm glad that I was the only one from the start.  If there had been more than 4-6 people there I would have probably gone hungry waiting on food.
3	It's so hit or miss here. The AYCE menu is very small. Not worth the money. The rolls are mostly rice and not a lot of fish. Your lucky if u come in and receive fresh fish. . The creamy mermaids and baked mussels never steer  you wrong though.    The service is blahh! I work in the service industry , and you have to be consistent.  Today , Joy , our server was the best we've seen here. But I'm just over this place. Needless to say I only come here when I'm broke.. but  ill be going elsewhere from now on..  Thanks anyway Joy!
3	I guess if you like AYCE this may a good place.  They overdo it on the rice but the nigiri is good as well as the salads, tempura and desserts.  Otherwise it's mediocre for the prices they charge.  Services is spotty, atmosphere different and AYCD a good deal.
5	My favorite sushi restaurant. Joy is so friendly and fun to talk to. I've been coming here for over a year now and have had a great experience every time.
1	Good food the creamy mermaids are awesome as long as you don't get the old man that's always drunk and if he's sober he's incredibly rude will ignore you and plan to wait a long time to eat if he's your sushi chef. He's a nightmare not a nice guy but the waitresses were pleasant. Just a shame you have to deal with him.
5	Best and friendly place up in the north fresh fast and very good please stop by you will love the staff Mary works 24-7 to take care of you .local place with good karma!!!!
5	..I'm updating my review.. while Sage has changed since I first step through the doors and chefs and servers have come and gone, this place has become my home away from home. Mary has become like a mother to me, and Joy, while she is a recent addition, is like my hanai sister ("adopted" in Hawaiian) and John, also a new addition, I found in him a good friend, and Salvador.. not too sure about him, I think he owned part of Mexico or something...?? and then there is Shinji San, who has become like a brother to me. I can always come here to get away from my troubles for awhile and find good sake and beer, great sushi and priceless company. Thank you to my family at Sushi Sage!
1	I would not recommend this restaurant, first of all its filthy,owners dont care, food is low grade standard trying to cut cost.it not a place for best dining experienced
