4	To give you an idea about how popular and in demand this restaurant is at the moment, I called up last week at the start of the week to try and get a Saturday night table, and was told that the restaurant was fully booked, and had been for five weeks in advance. So my first piece of advice would be to get in there quick if you want to book a table for dinner here, but I would also add that if you enjoy amazingly tasty fresh seafood, of super fantastic quality, then Ondine is well worth the wait.I was lucky enough to get a lunch time table here, which could be a good alternative call if all the dinner sittings are booked up. This is really awesome dining, and has some ornately maritime decor going on, which is classic, but also very stylish. The bar is also super hot, get your date thing going on in here, and then if by the book romance is your thing, order some oysters.I went for the crispy squid with garlic mayonnaise to start, followed by the fish curry, with basmati rice and raita. The menu is simple and unpretentious, but really modern, and undeniably tasty, plus the staff were lovely too. Highly and absolutely recommended.
5	My parents were visiting me in Edinburgh and were looking for somewhere special to eat. Edinburgh being a seaside town, we decided we'd go somewhere that specialised in seafood. I'm not great at being in places that make me feel really shabby (where everything is so much cleaner than I am), but this place, despite being pristine and having silver service, still conveyed a relaxed enough feel that I didn't freak out. The food was awesome. The oysters were particularly spectacular. And I'm a bit suspicious of oysters. They taste too much like the sea, like a mouthful of salt water, and their texture is a bit snotty. But these were spot on. The service was generally really good, though they lost our order Armagnac at one point. It's a really modern space, all based around a central bar. A bit like a spiral. There are good views over Victoria Street, George the IVth Bridge and the Royal Mile. It's just a really good place to go, if you get the chance, though a bit pricey. But the price definitely reflects the quality of the produce.
5	I'm a stereotypical New York snob.  I don't mean that I'm a snob who lives in New York, I mean I'm a snob *about* New York.  I think New York does everything best.  It's unusual for me to proclaim something as "best" outside of NY (that includes, say, gelato or pizza in Italy).  We're just awesome, what can I say?But not only did I have the best scallops I've EVER had at Ondine, I also had the very best lobster.  Ondine just took these familiar items to a new level.  Also, the chorizo that came with the scallops was the best ever too.  So that's three items, at one restaurant outside NY, that do things better than my beloved NY.  Amazing!Ondine is exceptional, and worth a visit (and the money) if you're in Edinburgh.  I want to go back!
5	The setting, the service, oh the service, the menu, the presentation ,the produce, the delivery, everything, they are getting it right. This restaurant is relatively new, and can be confused with Missoni as it occupies the same building. I am particular about service, and it is notable here. One of the best in Edinburgh. I want to go back now! If Fish is your thing (and even if it isn't, there are meat/veg options) then try this restaurant out!
5	If I could only eat in one restaurant in Edinburgh for the rest of my life this would be it. Bold statement perhaps but its just fantastic, having been a few times now whether you sit at a table or at the crustacean bar its just perfect. Numerous varieties of oysters is always going to sit well with me then the overall selection of food is just great. Last time I was in I went for their fish curry (i love fish, i love curry) dream! But really anything on the menu here is always a winner and for the dads out there who aren't so sure about it all there is always a robust game or steak option on there to satisfy all visitors! In any case, it is pricey and its certainly not for every day but one cant help but think this gem will soon be crowned with a Michelin star.
4	I really enjoyed my meal at Ondine (although they didn't have what I wanted off the menu).  I was with work colleagues and the atmosphere was probably louder than usual because of us.Quite pricey, but worth going to if you want somewhere a little bit special.
2	The boy brought me here for a birthday dinner, and since the reviews on Yelp were so favorable I was really expecting something special. Unfortunately, Ondine fell far short and our experience was rather less than stellar. The evening started off on the wrong foot when we were seated next to the only table in the otherwise empty restaurant. Why? It was a bit awkward. Service throughout the meal was aloof and our server was a bit haughty and distant, which, combined with the swish decor, made us feel a bit out of place (and this is far from my first fine dining experience). The real letdown, however, was the food. Ondine's seafood mastery is touted far and wide, but we didn't glimpse it. My 'potato and leek soup, poached oysters' had oyster, singular, and generally lacked variety in texture and flavor. It wasn't bad, but I only ate a third of the bowl before I got bored. The boy's smoked haddock on toast was good, just good. My main, mixed shellfish with white wine and garlic, was unforgivably gritty and several of the clams were overcooked, giving them an awful, snot-like texture. The white wine and garlic broth was overpowered by a generous helping of parsley. The boy's brown shrimp risotto got the same treatment as the soup - boring, and should have been listed on the menu as 'risotto with brown shrimp' considering the quantity of the shrimp in the dish. The best part of the meal was the strawberry Pavlova. I really don't know what went wrong. Maybe it was because we ordered off of the pre-theatre menu and the kitchen didn't want to bother with small spenders. Maybe we chose the wrong dishes. Maybe the kitchen was having an off night. Maybe my expectations were just too damn high. Still, sandy, mushy oysters and bland flavors make for a disappointing meal.
5	The five stars for this place is largely because the service is the best we've encountered in Edinburgh on our quests, so far.Overall, we said: "we'd have no hesitation in recommending Ondine for the seafood lover in your life. They'll need to pack a few extra quid to gain access to the real fireworks on the menu, but we having a feeling they'll be nicely rewarded. For us, we think the service, which was outstanding and as good as we've experienced anywhere in Edinburgh, was the really outstanding thing. The food wasn't quite to that level, so we don't think we'll be beating a path to their door with quite the vigour we would with some other places, but there's little doubting that Ondine is a high-quality establishment, and well worth a visit"
5	Recently visited here twice within the space of 2 weeks and it's one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh. The restaurant itself is stylish, modern and elegant with a warm and relaxed atmosphere and the staff are first class. Very friendly, efficient, attentive and knowledgable.The first time I went was for lunch on a Saturday with my seriously seafoodie Uncles and another person who doesn't actually like seafood. However, even the non-fish lover was seriously impressed (there are a fine array of steaks and other bits and pieces).  We were given a selection of breads to begin with and some delightful little cheesy profiterole type things. I didn't have a starter but for main course I had the Grilled Hand Dived Scallops which come with chorizo and I ordered a side of winter greens (which is basically kale but so beautifully cooked & it went well with scallops).  My uncles had the Grilled Tobermory Langoustines, Steak Tartare, Haddock Chowder and Smoked Haddock Rarebit - all of which looked delicious and given that there wasn't a scrap left on either of their plates I can assume they tasted delicious too.My second visit a few weeks later was with my Mum and we went for dinner.  I wouldn't usually frequent the same restaurant twice in a short space of time but I enjoyed it so much I just had to take my Mum. Again, a wonderful reception from the staff and the restaurant was busy and ambient. We were again treated to the selection of breads but after these chose not to have starters and instead save room for mains. For main course, I had the Grilled Half-Lobster which comes with herb butter and salad . The lobster was perfection (is it a bit sad to use that term in this context? Whatever, it happened, I'm using it). My Mum had Lobster Thermidor and I'm pretty sure she'd use the same superlative.Both visits we received 5 star service with 5 star food in a 5 star venue.  Great place whatever the occasion - casual lunch, fancy dinner, birthdays, romantic dates (probably a good first date venue too if you don't mind the price), anything really. They also have a lovely private dining area/room which would be a nice thing to do for a special birthday! Overall, a great addition to the Edinburgh restaurant scene and a must for lovers of seafood!
4	Four adults and a child for dinner at 1800 on a Friday. Oysters, lobsters, razor clams, plaice and haddock. All but the plaice were excellent. The plaice was wet and squidgy. But that might just be the nature of plaice. If that's so then I'll have to have more oysters instead. There were three types of oysters on offer. The Carlingford were so good that we ordered more. The service was excellent. We had Riesling and Rioja at good prices for the style of restaurant. It is a classy restaurants with beautifully napery. Light and airy with a pleasant buzz. It's not too stuffy. Just right when only a slap up,meal in a fine environment will do. An example of the excellence of service was my mother's dish of tempura langoustine. Tempura  squid was on the menu as was grilled langoustine. The kitchen was happy to meet her desire for tempura langoustine. Succulent and crisp. Brilliant. I don't give five stars. So four again for Ondine
4	Wow this place is up there. Organised a dinner for two for the missus on her birthday, admittedly had it been my own, I wouldn't have went for seafood but Jennie has an - at times unhealthy - obsession with be-tentacled sea-dwellers (she clearly hasn't seen Oldboy!) and on this occasion it was to both our benefits.Seated at a lovely viewpoint by the windows on the corner of George IV and Victoria, we were able to indulge in a spot of one of our (and everyone's) favourite past-times: people watching, while being presented with some complimentary bubbly to celebrate the occasion (an ace touch). The restaurant itself is immaculate, lighting perfectly intimate and the staff absolutely stellar in manner, not coming over as stuffy or imposing, the waiter would pop round every now and then to have a neb and make sure we were fine but didn't feel the need to ask us every five minutes.... points for that!For starters we both went for the Tempura Squid with Vietnamese Chilli dipping sauce..... oh the sauce! Some of the tastiest sauce I've ever encountered. Even the bread got dipped in that badboy, it was unstoppable. The squid itself was also amazing, on par with say the Sheep's Heid Inn. The batter was light and crisp and the squid succulent and crumbly. Lovely.For mains Jennie cleverly chose the Lobster Thermadore with Fries, while I foolishly opted for the Crab Meat Risotto. Don't get me wrong it was great, but filling. And after tasting the lobster, it was obvious I had failed epically.... cue return visit!At first glance the prices made me wince a little, but Ondine are producing some of the best seafood in Edinburgh (okay I don't have much experience to go on with that one but it was all bloody good!) so when the bill came along in no way did I feel cheated. Would gladly go again if only to indulge in that Thermadore again!Another great touch is Ondine's social media presence, almost immediately thanking Jennie for our visit and kind comments. Well played, Ondine.
5	Joe A very kindly took me here for my birthday  in December and it was amazing. Seafood is my favourite genre of food and I have wanted to visit this place for years.When we walked in they wished me a happy birthday, seated us and then brought us both over a complimentary glass of champagne. The environment was very relaxing and the staff were happy and keen to help without being over the top.To start with I had tempura squid. Squid is my favourite dish and this did not disappoint. The portion was a really decent size and it was nice and light. For my main I chose a half lobster thermidor. This was heaven on a plate, beautifully cooked, melt in the mouth cheesy lobster. It was served with a generous portion of chips.There was so much riding on this restaurant as I had wanted to go for so long, but they did not disappoint. I would eat here every night if I had the money. They even wished me a happy birthday on my way out and had tweeted me before I went and after to ask if I'd enjoyed myself. Excellent customer service on Twitter goes a long way in my book! :) Thank you Ondne, you are awesome!
4	When my husband said he was taking me to a sefood restaurant on a rare evening out i was a little apprehensive, i do like fish and seafood but usually in a restaurant it tends to be not cooked that well and over priced.Wow what a restaurant !It is a classy up market restaurant and the staff certainly make you feel special and are very informative about the dishes. What i liked is they first bring a taster dish complimentary for you to taste and bread. The menu is quite varied and the food is first class. What i would say is the dessert menu wasn't that appealing to the eye and don't go there if you are really hungry as the portions are fairly small but saying that most fine dining restaurants are probably the same.Both my husband and i started with razor clams with chorizo, broad beans and pea shoots it looked beautiful to start with and tasted even better. I had squid ink risotto with a layer of chilli infused squid for my main and my husband had lobster.We went on a Wednesday evening and it was pretty busy so i would recommend that you book.We would definetly go back again, the food was first class, the service was impeccable and the price wasn't too bad.
5	I haven't enjoyed a restaurant this much in ages, and I was slinging superlatives about all the way home after dinner here last week. Ondine is the real deal and it goes straight to the top of my list for places to go for a fine meal, celebration, birthday, whatever.For starters, the interior is stunning. Its location on the corner of George IV Bridge and Victoria St provides gorgeous wraparound views of one of the best locations in Edinburgh. Every table has a great view, even sitting at the "oyster bar". I was a bit concerned that sitting there would be second-rate (no one wants to be that annoying person sitting at the bar when you're trying to reach the bartender), but it was actually great fun. Casual elegance is where Ondine really hits its straps. Being served (both food and drink) by the barman lent the occasion a casual, intimate vibe, while retaining top-notch service quality. The bartender knew all the food and drink options and executed everything with aplomb, from serving oysters to pouring champagne to mixing an excellent margarita.We shared a selection of oysters to start, and my main of pan-fried lemon sole with asparagus and peas was superb. It could have used some carbs somewhere, but it was delicious and an ample portion. Their menu is interesting as, for such as flash establishment, it errs on the simple side. As well as the traditional seafood platters, they offer curried cod, fish suppers and linguine alle vongole, rather than Michelin-starred extravagance. That means you don't need to spend a fortune here if you don't want to. But if you fancy pushing the boat out, Ondine will provide the bubbly and everything else required to christen its maiden voyage. They just do everything right, with good service and the most beautiful setting you could wish for. Ondine is a textbook case of how to design and operate a restaurant, so it's no surprise that it's one of only a small handful of Edinburgh restaurants that's known across the UK.
4	The seafood and service were perfect. I had tempura squid then baked scallops. Just far enough away from the tourists to be peaceful. May go again this trip.
5	Hidden away between Hotel Missoni and Pizza Express on George IV Bridge is a fabulous seafood restaurant and oyster bar. The prices aren't huge but the quality is. Started with the Asparagus with poached egg, wonderfully cooked and a light entrance followed by Scallops served with spiced sausage which I added a side salad of wild tomatoes and greens to and then ended with Chocolate Mousse. Each course was beautifully presented and tasted marvellous. I can highly recommend this restaurant and can see it being one that I shall return to whenever I want to take friends for a treat meal.
4	Very nice restaurant. The sea food the serving is pretty good, especially the oysters and the lobsters.
5	Booked late and was worried about getting shafted with a shite table or being chased out early so chose to sit at the bar and it was perfect for what we were aiming for. People watching galore, and we got to chat away to the staff when we wanted too, however when we were chatting between ourselves we were left entirely alone. Sitting at the bar means that you don't have to worry about the timings set on the sit down tables. We had langoustines and scallops and bread and STUFF. It was amazing. Great food that tasted amazing. The white wine recommended to us was spot on too! Really can't help but recommend this place to any couples looking for somewhere casual yet posh and exclusive feeling!
4	Like the good old saying about buses, I hadn't been here for some 4 years and have been back twice in the last week. So this is a blended review. I love seafood which is probably as well as I had the lobster seafood platter both times. The second with a work colleague we doubled up and shared the larger platter which was a great call. A decent chunk of lobster accompanied by all the usual products of the sea. Lots of mussels, a few cockles, some lovely oysters, bits of crab and all served with citrus fruits, green and red tabascos and on a bed of ice. The larger platter comes in on a double decker stand which adds to the theatre of it all. We had a simply ridiculously quaffable white chateaneuf du pape (in fact we had two) and popped into divino round the corner for more wine because we just hadn't had enough! Service both times very professional. Will be back, perhaps not imminently but I'll be surprised if it's 4 years again.
3	Went for lunch today based on the reviews. Overall was ok nothing too exciting pretty outdated food presentations   Was just ok IMHO service was good and friendly. Food was a bit over salted the monkfish wrapped in pancetta could have used with less salt. Outside of that completely adequate
