5	This place has a really good selection of hookah flavors to choose from.The lights go to the beat of the music. If the dJ is spinning hard rocking fast beats the lights go fast as well. For the ladies you can put your purse or bag underneath the seats in a compartment built in to the couches. Customer service was good considering how busy it was when I went. I even got a chance to meet the owners since it was opening night and all. They had GOGO dancers and several DJs throughout the night.Even the hookah girls were dressed like GOGO dancers.
4	This place is one of the best hookah places i have been too. Joker of Clubs offers a great variety of high quality flavors. i like the smurf and the blowjob. they are damn good and last long. they serve drinks like soda, water, coffee and some chips. but they don't serve any food. i just don't know if ur allowed to bring ur own food. the owners are really nice and they mingle with customers. they always want to take care of u make sure u are enjoying ur time.
5	I went here on a Saturday night for the first time with my cousin and it wasn't really busy at all. I think there were about 15-20 people in there tops. Regardless, its a new place so I didn't really expect it to be that crazy. I immediately went to the owner (Red) and talked to him a bit about djing there and whatnot. The thing thats cool is that he wasn't a dick about djing and all of that. He even offered me a spot to spin that night but I had other plans already made otherwise I would. Anyways, we sat down and I was really impressed with the selection that they have here. The fact that they stock Fumari is a win for this place as Fumari is all I like to smoke. We ordered lemon-mint (the BEST flavor...trust me...try it) and our bowl was brought a few minutes later. The place is really spacious...lots of walking room and the couches aren't that bad either. The sound system...let me tell you (I am probably the biggest audiophile you will ever meet)...the sound system is phenomenal here. I think they're running mackie speakers and subs but couldn't tell from far away...but the sound production here is amazing. Lots of bass (for you bassheads)...however I feel that the music that night was a little too loud based on the amount of people there. I had to practically yell to keep a conversation with my cousin, but fill that place up with like 80-100 people and that would be a ridiculous party. I just don't think you should be practically clipping with only 20 people in the room.Ok back to the hookah. Amazing. It lasted long as hell and the coals only had to be switched once...(we were there for well over 2 hours might I add). The owner was really cool and stopped by periodically to talk a bit which was really cool. He had said that they don't serve food except for chips and small stuff like that. They also have your sodas, water, and coffee. I mean its a hookah place so its cool...it doesn't bother me...besides I usually get hookah after eating so it works out for me haha.Overall this place is 10/10. I will definitely be back here often to smoke and I hope to spin sometime as well. I really think this place is going to be huge given its location and chill atmosphere.
5	Haven't smoked hookah in a long time. Close to home and had good reviews. Was not disappointed.  Owners where very helpful and tentative. Place is relaxing and they had a duo singing and people reading poetry. Great experience . As per their menu, every night has a different theme and they even have karaoke night. Will definitely come back
2	I was at the joker last night with a good friend of mine.  When we came in no body said hello so we took a sit.  We waited for 10-15 min for attention. The hookah didn't last long and didn't have a lot of flavor or smoke.  We usually go to a deferent hookah lounge but we were around there so we wanted to try this place.  We didn't like it as we'll because it is sooo loud.
1	One night my friend, brother, and I randomly decided to try this place out. Mostly because it was one of two places open late. After this one time I know we will never be back. When we walked in we couldn't tell who worked there and who didn't. No one greeted us and a lot of people just looked back. Finally, after standing there for a while, a woman approached. She was not helpful and seemed very uninterested. At the end when she came to check on our hookah we let her know it wasn't necessary and that we were leaving. She replied with, "Well never mind," and rudely dropped the hose on my brother. Needless to say the service was horrible. On top of everything else the whole place just felt dirty.
4	I came here on a Saturday night for a live comedy recording for a friend of a friend.  When we got there a little after 8:30 it was pretty full; by around 9:15-9:30 it looked to be standing room only.I wasn't sure if you ordered at the table or the register in the back, but since it was so busy I just went to the back and ordered.  The guy was nice and brought my hookah over to the table probably 10-15 minutes later...but with no coals.Another 10-15 minutes later he came back by with my coals as well as replacing other hookahs with the new ones. He apologized; I get it, it was really busy and hard to maneuver the crowd because there were video cameras as well.  Got my coals replaced twice after that, so that was cool.The atmosphere kind of reminds me of an underground warehouse-type party spot.  The Alice in Wonderland-esque mural on the back wall was pretty cool, especially with the blacklights on.$19 for hookahs up to 3 people, but $12 if you want one by yourself.The couches are nice but I eventually got a neckache from keeping my head turned to watch the comedians (I was sitting in a booth facing the front door). Probably not too common of an issue.Overall neat atmosphere, themed nights are pretty cool, hookah selection wasn't bad. Just sort of pricey and a little out of my area to go to.
2	Came her on a Wednesday night for a good friend's comedy show. There are hookahs in the corner and there was an attendant. I can't really tell you much about this place because no one came over to our booth. I am sure they sell hookahs and perhaps a few beverage refreshments. There was no customer service, whatsoever. I am chalking this up to the talent show that was going. All in all, it seems like a cool place for those who fall between the ages of 18-20 to hang out. The were several large booths, black lights, and a few lasers dancing around. The place had a little bit of ambiance and I am all for supporting local talents and venues they can share the works at.
5	This is a nice place for going by yourself or a group. The regulars are friendly and inviting. Employees are knowledgeable about shisha and there is a small smoke shop for hookah and e vapors. Happy hour is 4pm-7pm for $9 a bowl. Events that happen regularly is karaoke on Thursdays starting at 9:30pm. Comedy nights are on Wednesday and most Saturdays between 9:30pm and 10:30pm. They play all different types of music and you can request a change if you do not like it. So over all a cool place to chill. They also have bottled drinks starting from $1 to $2 and a variety of snacks.
2	Came here on a Thursday night , there was karaoke goin on and it was 40-50% full  A little info Hookahs -were km hookahs Bowls -where vortex (phunnel) Hose -tonic plastic washable Shisha -alfakher starbuzz Fumari  etc               They had most common brands Coals - starbuzz coco buzz coconut coals They offered sodas, chips, popcorn & candy What I didn't like - Staff was dressed normal and took me 10 minutes to identify someone that could actually help me Tables were dirty and had empty bottles and wrappers every where so you couldn't tell if it was occupied or taken I was sat by a young man and he didn't even bother to grab the trash on the seat or table  This definitely be my first choice for a hookah lounge if I go out !
2	Came here on a Thursday night , there was karaoke goin on and it was 40-50% full  A little info Hookahs -were km hookahs Bowls -where vortex (phunnel) Hose -tonic plastic washable Shisha -alfakher starbuzz Fumari  etc               They had most common brands Coals - starbuzz coco buzz coconut coals They offered sodas, chips, popcorn & candy What I didn't like - Staff was dressed normal and took me 10 minutes to identify someone that could actually help me Tables were dirty and had empty bottles and wrappers every where so you couldn't tell if it was occupied or taken I was sat by a young man and he didn't even bother to grab the trash on the seat or table  This definitely will not be my first choice for a hookah lounge if I go out !
5	All the times i have been here this place is simply amazing  i love the staff and the hookah lasts me awhile  i highly recommend this lounge  i love this place
5	Come check us out! Great hookahs amazing staff and awesome flavors! The karaoke nights are out of control and the rest of the week is a relaxed and family atmosphere. People come in everyday to visit what has become their second home. Cheapest hookah in town no hidden taxes or mandatory gratuity. Free wifi and outlets to charge your phone or laptop at every table. We are a different kind of hookah lounge come in and do your homework or just hang out with friends.
5	Joker of clubs is a good place to chill have fun with people and has a great atmosphere good place to play games make new great friends and have some amazing hookah with all different kinds of flavors and mixes that they have not only on the menu but also what the employees can come up with. Great music too all from hip hop to country and even edm. Every one here are friendly happy and when time comes or right ready to party. Amazing customer service!!! One place I will for sure go back to!! Karaoke Thursdays game nights Sunday movie night Mondays and much more great atmosphere for sure.
5	The atmosphere is amazing, the owners are the friendliest you'll ever meet, and the regular workers are very helpful and eager to please, they are very knowledgable about the hookah and can make a great bowl. It's great for single parties or groups.
5	Well chilling out at HML on my bday waiting for karoake. Looking at the tempting Mutabal I had last time. So come on down on Tuesdays with KJ Supreme for karoake and good, long lasting hookah.
