3	This place has the unfortunate distinction of serving up the worst toro I've ever had--instead of butter, I got coal.  That aside, the sashimi is serviceable and generally as fresh as Charlotte gets.  The specials will almost always be a fantastic deal. You will always have two options to choose from--and while people may hold subconscious grudges against the letter B, I can assure you that electing special B will not detract from your dining experience whatsoever.  My parents and sister love the mackerel here, if that's your thing; I have too many bad memories of those fermented fishies in rancid tomato paste to really care for it outside of raw sashimi slivers.  For those attempting to beat back the oppressive curtain that is the Charlotte summer, Musashi is one of the few places here that serves up a refreshing plate of chewy zaru soba. I also remember the wines being spelled super weirdly.  Like Kabernet Sabigny-kind of weird.  That was sort of endearing.Of course, it's plagued by the same service problems and dour server expressions that other Asian restaurants have, which still can be a bit of a shock in the land of sunshine and Southern hospitality.
3	The food is better than average and affordably priced but service is extremely slow and there's no rhyme or reason as to when dishes come out of the kitchen.  They don't answer their phone any time of day and don't return calls so it's nearly impossible to make a reservation unless you happen to be willing to stop by before your dinner engagement.  But it's a nice small restaurant for impromptu sushi dinners for couples or a party of 3 or 4.  That's probably their focal point anyway.  They do have tatami mat seating and a fairly broad, if expensive, sake selection.  I would immediately give them four or even five stars if service was a little more organized and purposeful and if the staff could be significantly friendlier.  There are only two servers even on Saturday nights during prime time, so perhaps that is the source of the problem anyway.  Be prepared for long waits during your meal if you go with a group of 5 or more.
5	I figure I'd add to this review too, my sister (michelle r. here on Yelp) already wrote a great review and I just wanted to say that I agree with her that this place is really authentic!  I come here for lunch all the time to try their different lunch specials.  If not the special, yes, the katsudon is delicious (served w/ rice and onions and an egg on top!).  So are their bento boxes, I'll usually order their grilled mackerel.  And yes, their sushi is also really good.  My only complaint would be that it's a little small and it can get too crowded and busy, when that happens I'll go to the other Japanese restaurant right around the corner...
4	With Musashi, as with other places I enjoy, its all about the food. I don't need a greeter with a plastered smile, or somebody doting on me every 15 seconds. If I have to wait 15 minutes for a table at Musashi, that's fine, cause I know the food more than makes up for it.That said, I know this place is hit or miss. My sister and I absolutely loved the place, as did my Japanese roommates (always ALWAYS a good sign that your Japanese roommates love the same Japanese restaurant you do.) But, my brother and sister-in-law weren't too impressed. I think Musashi is good, solid Japanese food. Nothing too fancy. What they did they did well. Their agadeshi tofu is the standard against which all other fried tofus are measured. Light, crisp, with a flavorful, but not too salty, sauce. The katsudon is how it should be, hot, eggy, with just the right amount of gravy to flavor the rice. There is also a special Japanese menu, with "snacks" which make great accompaniments to beer and sake, or if you're in the mood for "tapas". I especially like the grilled cod and the beef tongue. There's also an excellent sukiyaki. The lunchtime bento boxes were also very good.You gotta understand. When you're living in Charlotte, there's not much in the way of Japanese food. And when you've been to Japan three or four times, you start getting a taste for more than just the same tired sushi rolls. That's where Musashi comes in. They've got more than just the same standard sushi, udon, teriyaki and potato salad items that you find at the generic Japanese places dotting the US. And they don't try to get too fancy. And try to remember, its all about the food. Not about the lines, not the lack of greeting when you enter, not the crazy eyed lady who doesn't call you "honey." It's the food.
4	I've only been here once, but this place impressed me. The service was a bit slow, but the Lunch Special A I had was very very tasty. Well, the ramen had somewhat of a weird taste in the soup, but the katsu don served over rice was....I've never had better katsu don. I would eat it again. Most sushi restaurants I've gone to were owned by Koreans or Americans, but I think this place is authentically Japanese including the workers and owner. Definitely recommend it.
5	This is the only place to go for Japanese food in Charlotte! We are regulars so we are treated very well, I don't know what the others complain about...the service seems very good to me. The food is great!
5	I just came back from living in Japan for two years, and Musashi is one of the most authentic Japanese restaurants I've been to. Not only that, but the prices aren't too bad either. I had some kind of vegetarian nabe (like a one pot dish) and beef tongue, my friend had the tonkatsu (fried pork cutlets-- they gave more than one, which was a surprise), and we both had a few Asahi beers and a cheap bottle of sake without completely breaking the bank (maybe about $30 a person with tip and everything).The atmosphere is nothing special. It's a small restaurant in a strip mall, but they do have a couple tables on tatami where you can sit on the floor Japanese style (if that's your thing). Personally, I'd rather have good food than a beautiful restaurant, so I didn't mind at all.All-in-all, I think I'll definitely go back next time I have a craving for ramen or some other Japanese food that's a bit tough to find in Charlotte.The key thing was that the rest of the guests were Japanese, which is always a good sign!
3	Mixed review. I was expecting more, but left a bit disappointed. First of all, the directions from Google maps is a bit off...it takes you through an apartment complex to a dead end. It's located in a shopping center (with Food Lion). The atmosphere is small with humble interior design. There are approximately 4 booths with high backs and hard bottoms with worn out cushions. The greeting was all smiles. The service wasn't fast, but not too slow either. Our drinks were always full and the server was very friendly.The sushi list was limited, but priced well. The spicy tuna roll was very good. Do not order the teriyaki chicken unless you like two marinated chicken breasts with sauce on top served with a cup of rice and a side of lettuce with ginger dressing for $12. Very disappointing. The restaurant was fairly busy, so I'm sure they have better dishes. I'll have to go back and try some of the noodle items.
4	It took a few visits before I felt comfortable with the staff at Musashi - I don't think they're intentionally unfriendly, they just don't go that extra mile. Once you get to know them though, from waitstaff, to sushi chef to kitchen guy - they're super nice. But let's get to the real reason why you should go to this place - the food. I think it's the most legit Japanese in Charlotte (primarily because the place is dominated by Japanese patrons).Agedashi Tofu - broth is to die for and the tofu so  delicately breadedSea Snails - one again, boiled/steamed in sake and the shells put out a delicious broth on their own. Texture similar to conch.Dumplings - I usually don't love dumplings in Japanese restaurants, but these are delightful little morsels that are worth an order.Sushi/Sashimi is outstanding - they have all of the standard stuff and prices are pretty reasonable.Soba/Udon - delicious noodles and clear or dark broth...haven't tried the cold Soba, but that's my next step. There is a traditional Japanese menu on the back of the regular menu, and I told the waitress that  next time she can help me order from that non-Gaijin menu!! She said she would be happy to do so!To heck with the strip mall atmosphere - this is just a great little gem in South Charlotte for sushi lovers who don't want to dress up like they're going clubbing don't want disco balls and sake bombs (sorry Nikko and Enso).
2	Family went to Mizuho and found that it was closed (7/11/10)! This was a huge letdown - seems another sushi restaurant with a different name is taking its place - will just have to wait and see how it turns out.Anyway we went to Musashi as a second choice and it was not nearly as nice as Mizuho. Atmosphere is cluttered and tables are too close together for any privacy. I ordered Sushi Deluxe, which was OK and came with miso soup but no salad as most places serve, and a Kirin beer. Wife ordered individual nigiri with spicy tuna roll - also OK. And daughter ordered teriyaki chicken - poor at best (chicken breast apparently baked with sauce poured on top, very plain salad, small amount of noodles,and bowl of rice). The girls chose water to drink. Despite below average restaurant and food, service was very good.$75! Sushi is expensive and that is OK, but this was too much for below average atmosphere and food. Add a tip and the meal was nearly $90 - last trip to Musashi!So the search is on for good sushi in South Charlotte!
2	Upfront disclosures:I am a sushi snob, and am extremely particular about my sushi.I am going to break my review into two parts - Typical Japanese food and sushi.  Typical Japanese food: We ordered some pork shumai that were pretty good, but was served with a brown-wasabi-type paste.  It tasted like wasabi, but why the hell was it brown? We also ordered pan fried pork with kimchi.  The kimchi was very spicy, but good.  The pork was a bit tough.  They have a whole list of special appetizers, but only about 4 were translated into english.  My girlfriend asked for more translation, but the waiter told us we really wouldn't be interested in them, so we dropped the conversation on it. My gut tells me this place has very good, and very authentic Japanese food, but I am not experienced enough in non-sushi Japanese food.  On to the sushi:  We chose this restaurant due to the reviews on Yelp.  We eat a ton of sushi and were excited to try a new place.  Musashi has a very small sushi menu.  There are few rolls to choose from, and a medium sized menu for sashimi and nigiri.  We ordered salmon and tuna nigiri.  The fish was cut rather sloppily, and my girlfriend is not convinced that we actually had salmon.  The salmon was all pink, no typical white-fat lines....  why?The rolls come in pieces of 3, which I find weird.  I am typically used to larger rolls with 6 or 8 pieces.  It really felt that the food was made hours before and then served up, as the rice was cold and solid - not like sushi rolled right in front of you. We have not been back.  If you're looking for really, really, really authentic Japanese food, I would head here and try.  if you're looking for a great sushi experience, I would try other places in the area.
4	I am so thankful that this no-frills Japanese place exists. I just came back from my first visit for lunch and clearly they know what their doing when it comes to noodles and soups. I ordered their pork-based ramen soup with a squid salad. Both easily compared to some of the best I used to enjoy back in Philadelphia's Asian district. This is absolutely my Go-To place in Charlotte for noodles. And I can't wait until I get to visit this place again.
5	First of all it must be said that this is a JAPANESE-style sushi house. If you are new to sushi or the Japanese culture, this will not be the restaurant for you. Japanese style means that when you need a drink refill or want to order something extra, you must wave down the waiters as is the culture in Japan. Americans and we southerner's especially, are not used to this type of service. This is why most of the people that eat in this restaurant are Japanese. If you eat lunch between 1-2PM you will have better service.The food is also VERY Japanese. The emphasis is on the fresh fish and the rice. If you are not accustomed to Japanese food, then you may want a non-Japanese sushi bar like Sushi-101 (Mexican made) or Rusan's (Indonesian made) or several others in Charlotte which are Chinese. You will find many varieties of fried sushi with sugary mayo in these locations if that's your idea of sushi.I have eaten here every week for years. It is a small restaurant with basic rolls. They are very consistent and the food is always excellent. I have never gotten "brown wasabe" or fish that I didn't know what it was. The Bento boxes at lunch are excellent with 2 pieces of big roll, a maki roll, soup, salad and usually a bit of seafood salad for about $8.I have eaten at many Japanese style restaurants and must admit it has taken me a while to understand their culture. Now that I have explained it to you, maybe you will be able to enjoy Musashi's great food. If great service is most important to you, find a culture that is known for that like the Thai people at Thai House.
4	I have been searching Charlotte for an authentic bowl of Tonkatsu ramen when Musashi popped up on my Urbanspoon app. I dragged two friends along with me who felt very uncomfortable and were confused on what to order. I ordered everyone's food except for the sushi lover, who didn't listen to me. The food was great and I finished my soup, I can't wait to go back.
5	I'm a Japanophile myself and I LOVE Musashi. As far as I know, it is the only place to find real authentic Japanese food in the Charlotte area. It has a tatami room where you can sit to eat and feel even more traditional (usually for big parties). To most, the staff doesn't seem so friendly which I think is a standard Japanese way of just staying out of your way. For me it seems they really like it when I come in and converse in Japanese with them. The cook was even nice enough to make me a special order of curry soba - which was great! I try to come back here every two weeks just to be in that authentic Japanese environment. The only setback is that I live so far from it.
5	I've been going to this place from the beginning. This is TRUE Japanese food, Ramen, Curry, Sushi etc.. is authentic and not made like you'd get at a asian fusion place. I'd say if you come with an open mind about the sushi you'd like it otherwise stick with the Ramen and Gyoza can't go wrong there! Service can be a bit scattered but everyone is very friendly, this is a family owned restaurant so it's not always "ran efficiently". But in the end you come to a restaurant for the food not the great service ala Peter Lugers. With that said everyone that has worked in their is quite friendly.
4	This place has nice tonkotsu ramen. The broth is creamy, rich, and it looks like they invest a lot of time producing the broth. If you're around the area and can't find a nice ramen-ya-san to go to, come here and enjoy a warm bowl of ramen!
4	It seems a rarity to find a Japanese restaurant owned and operated by Japanese. Well Musashi is one such place. The menu is not the Americanized and that is worth three stars alone. Good authentic menu, service and food!
5	Musashi was an overall great experience. The restaurant is quaint,warm, and cozy. I was originally looking for a more generic Japanese meal like teriyaki chicken with broccoli, fried rice and shrimp sauce. The food they serve was not what I expected but was still delicious. It seemed like more authentic Japanese and was very fresh and tasted amazing. The chicken teriyaki was served with soup,salad, rice and noodles. The most outstanding part was the service. They went over and above to make sure we were taken care of! I highly recommend it!
5	FINALLY, a place to satiate my ramen needs!  Potato croquette!  Curry katsu! There is hope for the Charlotte Asian dining scene! Yes, the previous reviews are spot on-- authentic Japanese (minus the obligatory California roll and special sushi rolls) in a super charming space (Don't be thrown off by it's location next to the Little Caesars.) with friendly family-run service.)This place is packed with fellow Asians (not the speed-racing kind like Ru San's) which is always a good sign.  TIP: Get the lunch special A or B.  You'll see examples of A and B at the front of the restaurant.  The special is $8 and is plenty of food.  (Last time, it was a curry katsu bowl and a bowl of miso ramen. The other was a mini version of the dinner bento box.) To the reviewers who had poor sushi experiences, claiming the rolls are similar to the pre-packaged ones at the supermarket, and un-fresh: I urge you to try Musashi again. I always find the rice perfect and room-temperature and seasoned well. Also: to those who complain the sushi menu is small, yes, it's less than a page.  However, who wants a phone-book-sized-menu if the food isn't good? (If you want to talk supermarket sushi, DYK restaurants like Soul Gastrolounge actually serve the supermarket brand as their own...and nobody knows!  In fact, it's pretty good, considering.) I also don't think the service is unfriendly at all!  Maybe being busy and task-oriented (not taking time to chit-chat) is mistaken for unfriendliness...I duno, I just call it efficient! TIP #2: You can't get their udon or ramen to-go.Bottom Line:  If you're accustomed to some noodle houses in New York or LA, or in cities with large Asian communities, no, this place isn't going to be on the same level-- but sometimes you don't need all the frills.  Just a solid meal, run by a family you can tell knows what they're doing.
5	Authentic. If you're looking for American sushi, go somewhere else. Only Authentics need apply here.
3	This place is literally a hole in the wall.  The sanitation score reflects this as well with a piping 92%.  Regardless, the predominate crowd is Japanese so that's always a good sign for a Japanese restaurant, right?I come here quite frequently with friends and always get their super salty ramen (and I really have no idea why).  I also always ask for a cup of hot water to dilute their super salty ramen too.  You'd think that I would have learned by now and try something else on the menu.  The price is a little on the high side and I am not impressed with the bathroom or decor/appeal of this place.Regardless, I will probably still continue to come here with friends and continue to order their super salty ramen- it's become habit.  Some habits are so hard to break.
5	This is a no frill authentic Japanese restaurant that is generally filled with Japanese and other Asians. If you are looking to order fancy drinks and Americanized California rolls, this is not the place for you. Go to Nikko in South End for the Upscale experience and super expensive Sushi.I believe this is now the only place in Charlotte where you can order really good Bento Boxes and authentic Ramen Noodle bowls. Mai Japanese Restaurant used to have good Bento boxes when they were at South Blvd. location but they have abandoned Bento Box since they have moved to Colony Road location.  Sushi here are very fresh and there are plenty of Japanese appetizers on the menu in English and Japanese. The service is typical of small family run restaurant.  They tend to get overwhelm when it is too busy.  Mango Mochi is our children favorite dessert. We try to go here once or twice a month.
2	I've heard this restaurant from listening to NPR in Charlotte, so I went and invited some of my friends and decided to come here to check it out. Here are my reviews.Venue - the ambiance inside the restaurant is like being in Japan. If you have a large group of people, your group will be sitting as if you're sitting on a floor, but your not. The sits are elevated and the center piece is wide open. It's a comfortable sitting arrangement.Sushi - the Unagi (Eel) was cooked perfectly. The softcrab shells are not bad, but I had better ones before.  The rice was cooked very well not to sticky or clumpy. They need better selections in sushi.Presentation - the restaurant lacks in presentation.  It was a very simple dish put together.  Sake - they are pricey. $15.00 minimum. Ramen - the soup was very tasty.  Overall,  if you are craving for ramen, this is the best place so far I've tasted. As for sushi, I would only come here once. I've had much better sushi with awesome presentation and much better selections in California before.  I still have yet to find a sushi that will replace my experienced in California. Also, if you don't tip enough. You will be called back in by the waitress asking you to add more on the tip. Its a MANDATORY!!!  It feels like a teacher is about to scold you.
5	I have been going here for too many years to count, and it is hands down the most authentic Japanese restaurant that exsists here. This is not American Style Japanese this is REAL YUMMY JAPANESE FOOD!
5	If you go for lunch, I recommend getting either A or B. They have a display of the 2 boxes in the front that you can check out. It is such a good deal, you only pay about 8 bucks for either box. The lunch sushi box B comes with 10 pieces of sushi, 6 regular rolls, 2 larger ones, 2 slices of sashimi on rice, some kind of mayo based salad, miso soup, and peanut sauce salad. Box A usually comes with a rice and meat dish and a ramen soup, although it can vary many days. Both are mouth watering.     For dinner, I love to get the Nabeyaki Udon Noodle. It is awesome, it comes out burning hot so you have to be careful. You cannot take this to go, so be sure to finish it. It has egg and lots of vegetables, and tempura shrimp and tempura veggies. The dinner teriyaki bento box is very good, but a california roll is the only option for the sushi portion. Other things I enjoy are the pork katsu-don, ramen, curry katsu, and the agedashi dofu is excellent. Really, no matter what you pick, you can't go wrong.     On a rare occasion, most likely in the winter, be sure to check out the sushi specials. If they have TORO tuna(fatty tuna), be sure to get it without any questions, and do not get the roll, just get the whole slab. Its really expensive but it melts in your mouth. Worth every penny.    Overall, Musashi is a great place with pretty good prices, Lunch is definitely cheaper than dinner. It is in a small but comfortable and not too fancy place. But when the food is that good, it doesn't really matter. It doesn't have any of the over-the-top sushi roll specials, but rather it is just rolled well with perfectly cooked rice. It is the most authentic Japanese place in Charlotte that I have come across.
3	This restaurant seems actually run by Japanese people, which is rare for a Japanese restaurant in the US. It also seems to receive a good number of Japanese regulars, which is always a good sign. I see they're trying to be authentic in their food (I lived in Japan, and I can tell). Anyway, the ramen I tried, I guess you just can't make it as good as you'd get in Japan. It is pretty ordinary ramen (stuff you could make with the material you gather from an asian market without much efforts), but pricey, (not as meh and pricy as the ones I tried in St. Mark's Place in NYC though, those were absolute rip-offs and were literally cup-noodles in bowls!). The lunch sushi plate I didn't try but I saw a sample display at the entrance --- the usual cheapie American style sushi, i.e. a bunch of makis (easy to make a bunch, easier to cheat the flavor of lower quality sashimi, not accidentally never ever seen served in restaurants in japan), fake crab meats (seriously, why would any supposedly "authentic" japanese restaurant serve this crap? Why not skip the crab anything altogether if the real thing is so expensive?), etc.OK food. Really, not much better (but certainly not worse) than any other japanese or sushi restaurants in Charlotte, and the prices were OK. The Japanese regulars seems to frequent the place because they know it cannot get any better in Charlotte as far as Japanese cuisine goes (not because the food there is as good as they'd get back home). So what can you do?
4	Nice lunch specials: one with warm items and one with sushi.Sushi chef and waitresses speaking Japanese with customers.Free wifi from neighboring businesses.
4	This review is a long time a comin but here it is either way. In my first few months I found myself in Charlotte, all alone on Yom Kippur, which is the jewish holiday where we fast for the entire day, thats right an entire day. Basically, the entire day you dream about what you are going ot eat for dinner, which makes it even more excruciating. By 8pm (1.5 hours past sun down) I decided on Musashi after a colleague reccomended it earlier, she had told me of a secret japanese menu, and fresh fish.Well I can tell you this place has BOTH! And the best part, is the head chef there and owner, is quite japanese, and began his career in my home city's (Toronto) first ever sushi restaurant in the early 80s. Suffice to say, I was pretty sold after talking to this guy The japanese menu is off the chain and features japanese favourites like broth meat and raw egg in a hot pot (not sure what the name of that is),  they are a little hesitant to let you order off of it but I've been 3 times and just asked the waitress what she reccomended and have never had a bad item. Probably one of the best Sushi places in the city along with sushi guru, yet to try new zealand which i also heard was great.
5	this place is probably as close to authentic Japanese food as you can get in the south charlotte area. its family own for quite a few years now.  i've been here for lil over probably 20 times or so and everytime i go i enjoyed my food as usual its freshly cook and sushi is always fresh they use high quality ingredients as well.  the place is small with lil less than 15 tables for the whole restaurant it always seems packed,  the atmosphere and the decor is also nicely matched the Japanese feel. Service is always good, server is always smiling and very friendly, she made a joke to my friends about how i will finish all the food that they dont eat if they ordered too much lol. however the price is not cheap 2 entrees and a appetizer can easily run ur bill up to bout 40 + tips and tax ur looking at around 50 at dinner time. but u know what? u get what u paid for, although i can't afford eating here every week but its totally worth it when i do come with friends and family  :)on a side note, REAL japanese people eat there ALL the time. there is always atleast one table with japanese eating there. hey...if Japanese are eating japanese food here.... how bad can it be? LOL
4	I finally found some legitimate tonkotsu ramen in Charlotte! It wasn't bland or watery and the pork (chashu?) was savory and delicious. I would definitely come back, though it is a little far out from the city (20 min drive).You'll notice that the interiors of this restaurant make a particular effort to imitate a japanese home. There's a private dining room, which appears to be a small compartment with traditional tatami mats, sliding doors and pillows.The owners are also japanese, which is always a good sign in my books if you're looking for some lip-smacking ramen. The menu offers a variety of delicacies from Japan, ranging from potato croquettes (with the delicious bulldog brand sauce) to gyoza and even mini fried crabs. Ramen is by far, the best dish on the menu and you even get a choice between the broths, soy, miso, tonkotsu etc.The process for making tonkotsu broth is incredibly laborious and takes a lot of skill to perfect. I would say Musashi does the japanese broth justice by delivering the almost-creamy texture of the broth, filled with the rich flavor of pork. The soup also has a great milky-color. Unfortunately the noodles aren't hand made and you can tell they're more of an upgraded version of instant ramen noodles. However, this does not deter from the overall experience of eating a hot bowl. I didn't leave one drop!The restaurant serves alcohol, but not past a certain hour (like 9 or 10), so you can enjoy a range of japanese beers and saki. Perfect accompaniment to dinner. Prices are very reasonable and the hospitality is fantastic. Food is served in a timely fashion and everything tastes phenomenal. I'm already looking forward to the next time I come back!4/5
1	Worst restaurant I have eaten at in a very long time.  I do not understand why this place has any stars at all.They were out of basic sushi, like tuna etc.The servers were rude.Three of us were there for dinner on Wednesday, they brought out one persons meal, then after that person was done eating, they brought out the second persons meal, and then after that person was done eating, they brought out the last meal, (which was sushi, so should not have taken an hour).So each person had to eat their dinner while the other two watched.The sushi menu was stapled scraps of paper that looked like it was made by a kindergartner, and was very limited, missing even basic items, like salmon roll, tuna roll, eel roll, etc.  Salmon roe (Ikura) was dried out, so I didn't even eat it, and they only gave me a half portion.  (The Ikura can say a lot about a place.. it should be wet and firm, so they explode in your mouth when you apply pressure with your teeth.  If they are sticky, deflated, over-salted and mushy, they are no good, and the pace probably isn't either.) My brother got the pork ramen soup and said it was the worst he has ever eaten.. the noodles were pasty, the broth had WAY too much salt, etc.  He said it was worse than the packaged stuff.The place was also dirty, especially the bathrooms.It was a horrible experience in almost every way a place can be horrible.  There is no chance we will EVER go back!  Stay away from this place, FAR AWAY!
5	Went for dinner - excellent tonkotsu ramen noodles - the broth was delicious. Also has potato croquets - five stars. Service was excellent as well !!!
5	This is the only authentic Japanese place in Charlotte. I lived in Japan for 3 years and I can tell you first hand this is a close as it gets without spending $2000 for airfare! The food is awesome. The people are awesome. The place rocks!To all the people giving this place 3 stars and complaining that the chicken was not great and the salad should have had ginger dressing.....this is an authentic Japanese restaurant. Not the American Hibachi down the street. Japanese is not a big room with large grills with guys flinging food all over the place creating small fires. That is an American Invention and THIS is what Japanese food tastes like and how it is served. But then again American Stupidity on what other cultures food tastes like knows no bounds....TACO BELL?The service is slower because you are supposed to talk to each other and enjoy your company and not scarf down your food like a couple of baka gaijin. It's Japanese!Again hands down the best place in Charlotte to get authentic JAPANESE FOOD like it is served in Japan in every small town and small food/bar in the country. This is NOT American style Japanese it's AUTHENTIC!
5	This is by far the best Japanese place in Charlotte.  We had our nephew who lives in Japan come by to see how authentic it was.  He said it felt just like home.  The food is always great and the employee there are very kind.My family and I go there for lunch all the time!
4	This place has delicious, authentic, Japanese ramen! The gyoza are delicious. I always get the pork ramen (tonkatsu)... A bowl of happiness :) I have yet to try their sushi or teriyaki,  but it looks so good. It is always full of happy customers! I love Musashi!
4	First off, we WILL return.  This place is pretty solid on humble authentic atmosphere and recipe/presentation.  It is obviously a favorite of the Japanese-American population of Charlotte!After many good Yelpers guided us to this spot, we decided finally to give it a try.  A busy spot and a small restaurant.  It did not appear that they took reservations; I'm not sure.  There are two American style kotatsu tables that appear to seat up to six.  Dress in layers; this tiny joint gets cozy.We plan to try more sushi varieties; it's right in line with prices from other places.  It's very fresh, straightforward presentation.  Timing on food coming out is decent; we didn't wait forever.  We had a couple of rolls and they were good.  Noodle bowls could be a bit more generous or perhaps a bit less expensive.  My $11 tempura udon by itself would have left me wanting.  Next time I will probably try a bento box.  My husband had the tonkatsu ramen and was pretty satisfied.The service staff is so very nice and cheerful.  If you know Japanese (my husband does) they love to make conversation.
1	I love sushi and japanese food.  I was looking for a gem.  My wife and I tried Musashi and she got food poisoning from the teriyaki chicken.  My sushi was decent, but it did not make up for the chicken.  Obviously.  Granted this dinner was a few months ago, so hopefully they have improved.
3	I had high hopes for this place after a friend said it was a well known gem with the Japanese in Charlotte. I enjoy restaurants that are run and frequented by people who know the food well. My friend and I came here on a Thursday night around 8:30pm and were the only souls in the place. Let me also say how hard it was to find this place. Granted, it was raining and dark, but their sign was not lit and was hard to see amoungst the other places in this strip/suite mall. I was anxious to try the ramen noodles since it was a cold, rainy night and it sounded very comfortable, like memories from college days. The bowl was very large but could have used more noodles. I don't eat pork and there were 3 hefty slices in the bowl which my friend gladly ate. Overall the ramen tasted good, but there could have been much more noodles and less broth. This would be a great meal to eat if you had a cold or wanted to be warmed quickly. My friend had the squid salad which was pretty good. We also had 3 different sushi rolls which were named after a baseball theme. The spicy tuna roll was pretty bland. It was wrapped in tuna and had spicy tuna in the middle of the rice roll. The tempura shrimp roll was good but a little large to eat with chopsticks or even your fingers! We also had some sort of avocado and crab roll which was fairly decent. Overall this place was just ok. I may be back for some take out ramen but honestly I could probably just make my own at home for 95 cents and add some veggies.
3	I think my expectations were a little to high on this one. I was looking for some good ramen and decided to drive across town to Musashi. Unfortunately, I was not thrilled with the ramen there. It was not bad, but not what I was looking for. I also ordered a spicy tuna roll. The roll was overpowered by mayo and was not for me. The service however was good and the staff was friendly. Just to many other better sushi places around town.
4	After a just okay visit to Yama last week, the fella convinced me to try "the best sushi in Charlotte" at Musashi.  I'm not a sushi fan, but I can eat teriyaki chicken and veggies anywhere.  He said he hadn't been in years and was curious to see if they were still as awesome as he remembered.  They were.  He got 4 or 5 different types of rolls and all were good, but he said octopus is one of the best tests of sushi.  He said it was a smidgen chewy, but it's octopus.  The teriyaki chicken was good, but it came with soup, salad and egg salad... no grilled veggies like I'm used to.  It was tasty though.  Our young waiter was super nice and accommodating (this Asian food nerd needed a fork), and he even bowed to say thank you when we left.  I would've never tried this place without the fella's suggestion since it's in a strip mall and the sign wasn't even lit when we got there, but it was very warm, inviting and unassuming with great food.
5	If you are looking for the most authentic Japanese food in the Charlotte area, this is your place. While it is in a strip mall, once we walked in, we were greeted with smiles and told to sit anywhere. The first thoughts we had were of Japan while looking at the decor. Our server was very attentive and helpful. Absolutely no complaint about service here! We have been here twice. The first time, we both got the tonkatsu ramen with a gyoza appetizer. The gyoza were perfect - served with a chile oil and soy sauce. The ramen was delicious and fresh with mushrooms, half an egg, three pieces of pork that were very tender, a piece of fish cake, and noodles with a lovely chewy texture. The broth tasted of every one of those things - a warm, inviting flavor. The second visit, I got the tonkatsu ramen again, while my daughter got the tonkatsu bento box. Her box came with a whole tonkatsu, 4pc. California roll, 2 shrimp tempora, 4 pc. vegetable tempora, a seaweed salad, miso soup, a small salad, a shrimp dumpling, a pork dumpling, and an egg roll. Needless to say, we had enough food for lunch the next day. Those two meals, plus sweetened tea for two, came to almost 42.00. For the atmosphere, the friendly service, and the authentic food, I can't wait to go back and try the river eel over rice! Please don't pass this one by!
5	Tonkatsu Ramen!!!ITADAKIMAS!!This place is authentic. You'll find several decent types of sake and small plates here, from Shisamo to hamachi kama.if you have not had either, you should try it. Their agedashi tofu is also awesome.They have both tonkatsu ramen and also miso ramen. Buddy of mine has the latter and i think it is better than the tonkatsu ramen. The tonkatsu is good, but the broth of the miso ramen looked so rich and flavorful.I had a few pieces of sashimi but the plan is to go back for more.
5	Musashi holds a special place in my heart and I can't believe I haven't blown up their yelp page with my review! This restaurant is family-owned (the owner is a sweet little lady) and has been around for a while. Musashi has and will always be my go-to place for simple, fresh and authentic. No sizzing grill, no fancy chefs or crazy tricks, just the core of Japanese cuisine. Some friends and I decided to go to Musashi for dinner last Saturday. I've been craving their sashimi for weeks! They use the most high quality and best part of the fish so every single bite keeps you wanting more. Salmon is my favorite. Trust me, I kept yearning for a chance to go back. If you're more adventurous, I recommend the beef tongue! If you've never had beef tongue, it is soft yet slightly chewy. The pieces are sliced and the flavors just melt in your mouth! I don't think it's on the menu, but you can always ask the friendly staff. Sadly, they ran out on this occasion. We've also tried the Fukahire Salad (marinated shark fin/jelly fish salad), grilled sardines and a few other appetizers, but the sashimi and beef tongue are my favorites as far as appetizers. What can I say, we're some adventurous eaters!Now.. for the main course! My absolute favorite is the Katsu-jyu, which is fried breaded pork cutlet with egg and onions, served over a bed of rice. A jyu box is actually the Japanese's traditional method of presenting food (how cool!). If you're not much of a pork fan, I would go with the Chicken-katsu. If you're in the mood for some soup or traditional ramen, the Tonkatsu ramen is also delicious! It is cooked in a pork bone base and served with Japanese egg noodle, roasted pork slices, bamboo shoot and green onions. Yummm.. this is definitely not where you want to stroll in and ask for a hibachi grill and shrimp sauce!Before I talk about dessert, I have to say that a meal at Musashi is more of an experience. There are so many varieties that keeps you wanting more. Many Japanese restaurants are Americanized and that special authenticity of the cuisine is lost. I'm glad to say that Musashi still holds its roots close to the traditional culture. Ready for the end of this food adventure? Green tea or red bean ice cream is the only way to end this perfect meal!
5	My family has been a repeat customer (and huge fans) of this place for as long as I can remember.  I really don't think you can go wrong with anything on this menu; the food is authentic, as so many people have said below, and doesn't disappoint.  The setup of the restaurant is nice, and the servers are extremely nice and friendly.  I love a good bento box or bowl of ramen from here.  And out of all the sushi I've ever had, theirs is definitely at, or at least very near, the top of my list.  You can always count on this place for a satisfying lunch or dinner.
5	Love this place. Niku dofu (dinner only dish) is one of our favorite. Green bean dessert is yummy.
2	I would say this place was just okay for me. Nothing to amazing, but the server was nice. My husband did not like his sushi very much but I liked my vegetable tempura. Our son did not eat most of his bento box and did not like his steak very much either.  Maybe it was an off night or maybe it was just not as good a quality as they are used to, either way I don't think we will be back.
5	This restaurant is nestled in a little shopping center, but don't let the locale deceive you. The food here is outstanding - I got a musashi bento box (probably should have went lighter on the soup and salad I had beforehand) with some sort of citrusy wine. Everything was excellent - it looks to be a family-owned business as well, and it shows with the excellent and courteous service (of course, the place is usually busy, so don't come here expecting fast food, but our order arrived within reasonable time). Do check this place out!
5	Well, here goes my first review to chronicle my life-long love affair with food. I had in mind trying something new because how awfully long some reviews turn out to be - kinda like the length of this introduction. So, bottomline, I'm going to begin with a five words or less review. Authentic. Attentive. Explore the appetizers.This place fills me with nostalgia. The menu selection and execution remind me of my mom's dishes and the local mom & pop establishments tucked away in the underbelly of Japan.You won't get a show with your teppan yaki, but what you will get is authentic, and delicious Japanese food. If you are looking to get past the more well known dishes and expand your experience with Japanese food, I'd recommend the agedashi dofu, grilled mackerel (get a side of rice with it), and nabe udon. All in all after three times here, I've left with a feeling of happiness - due to some part of not having a rice cooker here nor a car to drive to the Japanese market - that hasn't surfaced in quite some time, even back home in Long Beach, CA.The only disappointment was the tonkotsu ramen. The broth needs some work. 5 stars.
5	Authentic Japanese food in an otherwise nondescript location. Fresh and generously sliced sashimi, lightly breaded tempura done right [not a heavy batter used to disguise miniscule portions of vegetables and cocktail shrimp], flavorful ramen and noodles, and housemade sauces for nearly all their dishes, including the light miso-based salad dressing! We ordered the fried baby crabs and tofu for appetizers [tofu was divine...not overly cooked], then a sashimi platter, a ramen, an udon, a tonkatsu entree and the spicy pork belly w/kimchee dish [an unusual item for a Japanese restaurant as I believe it's a Korean dish, but wonderfully prepared nevertheless]. None of the dishes were too sauce-heavy or overly fried and the soups/broths were not too salty. As a result, you could actually taste the food...what a concept!
3	So this place comes highly recommended!! It is behind my favorite Thai/Vietnamese place (Viet-Thai) and once night we thought we'd check it out.We had a couple rolls of sushi and I had the Panko crusted Chicken and the boyfriend had the teriyaki chicken. Everything was good, but I wasn't blown away. I really wish the salad had a ginger dressing and I  may ask if they have it next time, but it has a sesame dressing. I hear they have the best Ramen in town and over half of the patrons were japanese!! That speaks volumes...  FYI he loved the place but didn't think his chicken was the best. We both agreed we'd be back to try the Ramen and Udon!!
1	Arrived, party of 6 on a Wednesday night. Host would not acknowledge our presence, wasted :30 mins of our time figuring out whether we could get a table or not.Terrible service.
4	the ramen noodles here would be my first choice! It's taste very fresh. Costumer service is good. The place is very small...
3	This is THE place to go for sushi in Charlotte. The service is bar-none. Super friendly and informative. I eat a lot of sushi and this is my to go list .The servers are more than happy to help teach you how to eat your food and what you are getting.Parking is easy.
3	I asked the cashier at Hatoya for an authentic Japanese restaurant, she gave me Musashi.My friend and I immediately wanted to check the restaurant out, only to find out that they open at 5:30pm..  We came back at 6:35pm.Place - The establishment is small, but gosh it was packed on a Friday night at 6:45pm. One thing I have learned is to make reservations! It looked like almost more than half of the tables had "Reserved" signs.  There were people behind us waiting for a table.. some left.Food -- Tonkotsu Ramen: I was craving for some ramen, and the ramen I had ordered was alright. I was hoping for the one I had tried in NewYork or the one in Houston.  The flavor of the pork Tonkotsu Ramen was there, but just missed the mark on presentation and other ingredients. Definitely better than the others I have been to around Charlotte. - Tonkatsu Bento Box: My friend's husband loved his bento Tonkatsu box. - Katsu Chicken Entree: My husband had the Katsu Chicken and it was alright.  - Salad: The salad ginger peanut dressing was good.- Off the menu Shrimp Tempura Roll: Just shrimp tempura and the roll.. no.. other veggies - what?!Service - They are good about getting to you, when you ask for their service..  When they are busy, it may take them just a tad bit longer to get to you.Price - Was alright, not too shabby, and reasonable at best. So bottom line, I like the food... but I am in no dire need to come back. I would be happy to have their food at the Japanese Festival though.   I felt bad for the people who waited around the door for the next available seat/table.  My friends and I quickly paid for our dinner after we were done so they could be seated.
2	I hate to give a bad review on a rare restaurant that's actually run by Japanese people (apparently), but it just wasn't a good food. The sushi set I ordered was a typical Americanized sushi affair. Not authentic at all.I also don't know where they find their cooks, but I seriously doubt the Japanese guy behind the sushi counter was properly trained in the sushi making (at least not in Japan). Just because the guy is a Japanese, doesn't make him any kind of sushi master. It's a profession, not a nationality. He also was very slow in making his sushis. I had to wait at the counter for my sushi set for nearly 30 mins while the guy was chatting a bunch of lame stuff with other customers at the counter. Not only he doesn't seem like a proper sushi cook, his work-attitude was not professional at all. They need to hire somebody else before he pisses off too many customers.
5	Most authentic in the Charlotte area.
2	Husband was craving Chicken Teriyaki & gyoza, so we found Musashi. I was very unimpressed. We started with gyoza and edamame. Neither were anything special. We then ordered a chicken teriyaki plate and a few sushi rolls. The chicken teriyaki was nothing more than some boiled chicken smothered in teriyaki sauce. Was not good at all. The sushi was mediocre at best. While they were friendly and the service was pretty good - I will not be back.
4	We decided to try Musashi on Friday night after reading some other Yelp reviews and I'm happy to say it was a great experience!  Everyone in there seemed like regulars (several were commenting that it was busier than usual on a Friday night), and some seemed to have "their table."  Just like another reviewer said, I always take it as a good sign when I visit an ethnic restaurant and see it full of people from that ethnicity.  We were definitely in the minority at Musashi and so I knew the food would be very authentic (and awesome).The service was a little slow and disorganized, so that's the only reason I can't give Musashi 5 stars.  I ordered the vegetable tempura dinner that came with rice and miso soup and it was fantastic.  We also had the vegetable spring roll appetizer.  My food arrived to the table about 15 minutes prior to my husband's sushi.  Would've been nice to eat together but it wasn't a deal breaker.  Like I said, a little disorganized but otherwise very good.  We will definitely go back to Musashi - great food, authentic experience and well priced.
4	Very enjoyable evening.  Fantastic service by the wait staff and entertaining performance by the chef.  Would recomend for a good change of pace from the norm.
5	Great place I've been in north Carolina for 3 years now and I've seen this place and was always scared to go in due to it looking small. Well , the hell with the outside! Best Japanese food 8 charlotte and authentic.
4	Tried this restaurant on the recommendation of a friend.  We had the vegetable tempura, tonkotsu ramen, and chicken katsu cutlet.  I will update this review as necessary after trying the sushi side of their menu.Pros:- The food here is authentic.  I am not Japanese, but this restaurant's dishes taste identical to those I tasted when visiting Osaka/Tokyo.  As far as I know, this place is the only restaurant in the Charlotte area with authentic ramen noodle soups.-It seems they make their own tonkatsu sauce.  It was not as sweet as the bottled version that is available from Asian grocery stores.  The perfectly balanced tonkatsu sauce was a pleasant surprise. -Service was good, and food came out very quickly.  The entrees came out before we were finished with the tempura appetizer.-Price is reasonable, perhaps a touch high.Cons:-The restaurant space is cramped.  Musashi crams as many 2 and 4 person tables into the space that they can.  There is a large area dedicated for tatami room style dining.  That area was not in use and made the restaurant seem like a suboptimal arrangement/floorplan.-The restrooms are single person restrooms.  They are located behind the kitchen and when I checked the floors leading to the restrooms were sticky, presumably from spilled food/drink.-The portion sizes are not consistent.  The tempura appetizer(notably no onion rings) was about 7-8 small vegetables, which I consider to be small.  The chicken cutlet portion was gigantic, containing two chicken breasts along with two generous portions of sides.  My ramen was just the right size.
5	Japanese owned Japanese restaurant. I had a Chirashi couple of days ago, it was very good!They have verity of Japanese food not only teriyaki, sushi or rolls.5 stars.
2	Reman was ok, but the sashimi I ordered was terrible... It doesn't look fresh, the cut is not clear,  and it even has some chewy stuff in my tuna and another kind of fish. Never know sashimi can be this bad. Worst sashimi experience ever.
4	Best Japanese restaurant I've found in Charlotte so far. I'm Japanese and so I can get pretty picky with my Japanese food.  I like that there is a Japanese owner and sushi chef and a menu full of authentic dishes. None of that Asian fusion stuff.
5	Awesome! We had the fried baby crabs... they were so good that we placed a second order. I could have eaten just those for dinner!Hubby had the Sushi Deluxe plate, and enjoyed the chef's selections. I ordered the Chirashi, and it was great.I have to mention their salmon. It was fresh, buttery, and utterly delightful. (I'm craving it now that I'm typing this!)Their service was prompt and friendly. The restaurant is small but efficient.We have found our new favorite sushi in Charlotte, and will be at Muashi Japanese Restaurant often.
5	A group of friends and I had a great time at Musashi.  We were in the elevated room with floor seating.  I have not had traditional ramen soup before - it was great!  I think we were probably a little much for the typical crowd there so maybe don't show up with a ton of bros in tow.
3	I used to like Musashi back in the days I lived in Charlotte. My Japanese teachers would tell me to go here and a lot of people who knew about the culture would recommend here. I remember my first time at Musashi I saw the most Japanese people in Charlotte ever and I started to believe that it must be the closest one to have the authentic taste.Well so from my old memories I visited again with my mom but only to prove myself wrong.The lady wasn't so friendly but I don't mind she was like that all the time. We sat ourselves at the bar and ordered a spider roll and another roll I don't remember, a tempura udon, and a chicken katsu. I got to see the sushi guy making my rolls and thought to myself wtf is he making? There was no delicacy. I was surprised when he handed me the dish. I obviously wasn't happy to see the result. The rolls were warm like there was no sushi rice. It was just regular white rice so it pretty much tasted awful especially with not much crab. The amount of rice was ridiculous I thought I was eating onigiri, or rice ball.Then my chicken katsu and my mom's udon came out. The chicken katsu was just what I was expecting, nothing more nor nothing less. Rice, chicken, salad, additional side item and this time was tuna pasta salad? and miso soup. It was good. Just normal chicken katsu. Not so crispy this time. The portion is pretty big. My mom liked the udon. The broth was clear and light color, the tempuras came out on a separate plate. Tempuras were just ok. The sushi was very disappointing but the rest was fine. I don't know if I'll comeback when I'm in town again. Maybe to get the katsu if I crave some teishoku style meal bc its my comfort food. But definitely no sushi at Musashi. I just want to say that just because it's owned by Japanese don't automatically assume that it'll be good.
5	I have eaten sushi all over the US, and in Japan. Musashi is by far one of my top 3 favorite sushi restaurants ever. Wonderful service, delicious sushi and I prefer their traditional menu rather than overly Americanized sushi (with cream cheese, cooked meat, etc). If you want traditional sushi in a quiet, friendly environment this is your place. If you're looking for trendy, loud or flashy, look elsewhere. The restaurant is on the small side, however when my husband and I had an early dinner there, we shared the space with a large group. It didn't feel overly loud, but I would try and go at off hours if you are a large group, simply because I'm not sure they could have fit more than one group of over 4 people.
4	Went there Saturday noon they open at 12pm but people were waiting outside before 12pm so you can tell it should be a good place. Nice Katsu & Eel with rice. Many Japanese go there.
5	Probably the only authentic Japanese restaurant in Charlotte. They have the regular bowls and dishes served in normal every day meal, not just sushi. Personally I like the tonkatsu ramen and all the bento items. Unagi (broiled eel) here is just ok
5	Delicious worth the drive from Huntersville.  Best Sushi I've had in a while. The Shuman dumplings were perfect. Very traditional Japanese.   Red bean ice cream for desert pleasant surprise
5	Whenever I am in Charlotte, I practically BEG my friends to take me to Musashi! For three years, I have gone to this Japanese Restaurant for their Miso Ramen and croquettes. Both of which are truly amazing! Them miso ramen always has such tender pork in it, and the broth is fantastic!My last visit (which was last Thursday), I finally got to sample their sushi. I have some Unagi (BBQ'ed Eel) and some Ebi (Cooked shrimp with some vinegar). I had NEVER had Unagi and Ebi that was this flavorful! The Ebi had the perfect amount of vinegar taste to it, and the Unagi had a wonderful BBQ sauce on it. The green tea they serve is always hot and a great way to compliment any meal.The atmosphere includes a private section that is like a traditional Japanese Restaurant. it is closed off by some sliding doors. It also has  a hole under the table for you to place your legs when you sit.  The rest of the restaurant is brightly lit and a cozy feel to it.The Staff is always friendly and kind, and you really could not ask for any better. They always feel very attentive to their customers. If your glass of tea is nearly empty, someone will be by in a few minutes to ask if you want more and then refill it.Musashi is my favorite Japanese Restaurant in all of North Carolina. It is a shame it is so far away from me, but it's worth the trip when I am in the area. if you are looking for some fantastic sushi, tempura, or ramen, this is the place to go!
5	After a visit to San Francisco Chinatown to eat Ramen noodles, I had a huge craving for real ramen noodles.  A friend of mine recommended Musashi as an authentic Japanese restaurant, so I decided to give it a try.I ordered the udon noodle soup and it was almost what I remember eating in San Francisco.  I also ordered a small roll just to try the sushi.   Both were excellent.  It's great that we can get authentic Japanese food in Charlotte.  I just wish it wasn't such a drive for me.
5	Very authentic Japanese food. Highly recommend for anyone looking to experience real Japanese cuisine. Not your typical Teriyaki or Hibachi steak kind of place. For someone who lived in Japan Musashi will feel just like home. And for those who hasn't it will be a rewarding experience. Try the ramen!
5	So far I've only had the ramen but it is so delicious. Honestly I started craving real restaurant ramen while I was watching Naruto and it was as good as I could have imagined and I'm so glad I found a place that's in the area. I also tried their steamed dumplings as an appetizer and they tasted incredibly fresh.
4	Pretty tasty and very authentic. For some reason, it was white guy/Asian wife night plus kids. Good thing, my hubs and I fit in. Also, I need to brush up on my Japanese so I can read the secret menu.
5	After hearing my dad rave about this place we decided to do his birthday dinner here. He doesn't rave about anything, which means it has to be good. He used to work for a Japanese company and they would frequent this place after work. I'm a Japanese food novice, so I let my dad order everything. Their menu is simple and so is their layout. Just two ladies were serving a packed restaurant and they really kept up quite well. But you don't care about that. THE FOOD WAS AMAZING. I'm excited to add Musashi to my regular rotation.
4	Came back for Ramen and so very glad I did!! This place had some absolutely delicious ramen that was flavored and cooked to perfection. I am not a ramen expert but it's the best I've had in Charlotte. Again their other food is good and authentic and while I originally said I wasn't blown away I feel like it might be a slight injustice. The food at Musashi's is made to be good. It's kind of like when your mom or grandmother cooks. You know you love it and it tastes amazing to you but it's not something you see in a fancier establishment so you don't feel impressed. However it is exactly that good and tastes great and that's what you get from Musashi's!
5	The Pork Ramen is indeed delicious, as are the Sushi, Gyoza & Shrimp Tempura! Hands-down the most authentic Japanese restaurant in South Charlotte. Highly recommended!!!
5	This is as close as it gets in this town. Good variety of standards and super friendly environment.
