5	I am on baby #3 with Dr. Leonard and his staff and I can't say enough about the high standard of care I receive from them.  The staff is friendly, the Dr. Is on the ball with returning my phone calls and answering my questions, and I feel safe knowing they put God as a priority in their practice.  I even had a high risk pregnancy situation, in which Dr. Leonard handled very well.  When my daughter was born, he took the time to check in with the NICU to check on her progress.  I am happy to be a patient here.
5	The two reviews are about the wrong Doctor or are down right false. We have had two babies with Dr. Leonard. It was discovered that our first daugher, Charlie, had a Cystic Hygroma at 14 weeks. We had a fun ultrasound at a commercial location when her condition was found. As a side note, we went back to that tech later to thank her and she said Dr. Leonard treated her with great respect. I can't imagine it is easy for a commercial tech to call an office and give bad news and be berated by a Doc when they are just trying to help. Christine, the tech, said that is normally the case, but Dr. Leonard was grateful and thanked her .... We were called into the office the next business day. We knew something had to be up. Dr. Leonard was loving, gracious, and let us know he would be with us at each step, and he was. Mary, Dr. Leonard does not per scribe the pill let alone have "abortion pills." I don't know what pill you are referring to and I can only imagine it's plan B. Further, having HIGH hCG numbers would indicate the opposite of a miscarriage. In a miscarriage it would be expected to have very low numbers. I am sorry you had a bad experience at the hands of another OB, but I think you are confused on the details. K.G. Dr. Leonard has a form on his website where people can ask questions and he personally responds to each query. As far as bedside manner, when we had our second daughter, Amelia, he was in our room with plenty of time. He sat and prayed with us as Sarah came close to delivery. During delivery, Amelia's heart rate was dropping because the chord was pinched by her head. Dr. Leonard worked expertly, and very quickly to deliver our healthy little girl. Afterwards, he ensured all three of us were in a good place before he left. He is nothing like the stories you hear where the Doc is in at the last second, pulls the baby out, and is gone before you know it. When our first daughter passed at only 23 weeks due to Cystic Hygroma, turned Hydrops, he took the time to attend her funeral. He treats your child like the living, breathing person it is. We looked forward to seeing him and his team every week with Charlie. They made us feel loved, and cared for. We felt better because we knew we didn't carry this burden alone. The entire office shared the load.
5	My last doctor was great and I loved her but I moved to the East Valley and had to establish a new doc closer to home.  I came to see Dr. Czerkes for a checkup and I couldn't have picked a better doctor.  He has a great bedside manner and his nurse, Maria, was friendly and makes a great first impression as far as the medical staff is concerned.   Nothing bad to report with this office, everything was clean, everyone was friendly, I'll be back next year!
5	Dr Leonard is an exceptional doctor. His staff is professional and friendly. Maria one of the nurses is a joy to be around even when she is drawing blood. The doctor made me feel at ease in his office and at the hospital and I felt he really cared and wanted what was best for the baby and myself. It was my first experience in childbirth and I couldnt have asked for someone more patient and informative.
1	It was my first time going to an obgyn I was very nervous. At first my physician seemed nice, as soon as she asked me about how many sex partners I had, I felt quite uncomfortable to tell her. But since she was a professional I knew I could trust her. After I told her she suggested that I should wait to have sex until marriage. I had no response to this and was shocked she would even suggest something like that to me. She is my physician not my pastor at church. When did getting a obgyn check up become a religious act as well. Who gave people the right to open up a practice that is so personal to women and slap religion on the face of it. I wasn't at a clinic talking about abortion nor was I talking to my physician  about my personal choices about sex. What right does it give physicians now to get degrees, open up practices,  and tell women in a very personal setting their view of sex and what the Bible thinks about it. As a obgyn your not to console me on my sex life your too make sure I am taken care of and comfortable and feel I can trust you while poke me in areas I usually would not allow a stranger to go. I am disgusted with this place! And the women I got is lucky I held back and did not shout out my liberal views at her as she judged me for not waiting to have sex until marriage.
