5	I always find more than I'm looking for here, and I love that they have a wide variety of brands and price ranges. I buy everything from my runners to my eff me heels here!
4	I love shoes but what woman doesn't? I always get a smile on my face when I know I'm going shoe shopping.  DSW makes it easy to find any type of shoe I'm looking for.  I always try to be the bargain shopper and go straight for the clearance items in the back.   They have these clearly marked with different color price tags to determine how much MORE you they are discounted.   So you get a great deal plus 30-70% more off?  Love this!  The store is huge with everything neatly organized and well laid out.  Boots, heels, sandals....  they have everything.  I can always send my husband to the men's section to browse while I'm piling up my boxes.  :-)  Plus they also sell accessories such as purses, socks and miscellaneous items. Since I have small feet, sometimes my sizes are available and I have to come back when they get another shipment in.  But I guess that allows me to go shoe shopping again right?  The cashiers have always been friendly and courteous during my check out.  There is never an issue of using a coupon on my phone.  It's very easy for them to scan it from there.  Whenever I feel the shoe shopping need.... I stop here first!
5	HELLO!!I love DSW! Every time I come I am not disappointed. DSW is a large store, clean and well organized, a huge selection of all types of shoes from boots, to heels, comfort shoes, men's shoes, some hand bags and stockings/socks..I have to restrain myself here for sure.The prices are good and the sale prices are even better!
4	After complaining about my experience at Rainbow, this store allowed me to use my $20 customer discount, as well as my $5 mail coupon. I was going 8 mile terrain running with some friends the next day and needed really good shoes. I ended up being VERY happy for the price I paid for these shoes.  The shoes were not only comfortable and stylish, but reasonably priced to begin with at a already discounted price BEFORE my discounts. Very happy with DSW THIS time.
5	Love Love Love this DSW! Best Customer service ever! The Staff is so friendly and willing to help but leave you alone when needed! Best selection of shoes and accessories. Even the the Rack is next door the value is way better and the staff is more enjoyable. They actually seem to enjoy their jobs which is rare these days. Most stores the people who work there could care less if you shop there or need their help..Prices are Awesome! The selection is unbelievable! Love Love Love this store!
