4	This is one of the newest DQ's around.  They are also one of the most busiest yet most efficient locations.  Every time we go here, no matter what time of day or night, there is a ridiculous line in the drive through, you would swear it was In-N-Out at lunchtime.  Luckily the staff is able to move very quickly through all those customers.  On every visit there I have found the cashiers to be quite friendly.  The majority of the people who work here are high school kids, but they all seem to have a pretty good time.  Their blizzards are some of the better ones here, and they tend to get them mixed pretty well all the way to the bottom.  Sometimes you get a little cheated on the mix-ins and sometimes they are generous, but it's usually pretty consistent.  If you can, see if Jeff can make your blizzard, they're the best.  That was a shameless plug for my little bro, but he really does make a killer blizzard.
4	Love DQ, especially when it's a hop, skip and a jump from my front door. Always busy, but never a super long wait. Have had my order messed up a few times, but it is always fixed in a friendly and timely fashion. It's a great family treat on the weekends!
1	If I could give this place a 0 star I would. When I go through the drive through, I expect my food order to be correct. How hard is it to mess up two ice cream cone orders? And because it's hot out, how hard is it to take a cone and put it upside down in a bowl so it doesnt melt all over me on my way home? Apparently the workers can't even fathom this crazy contraption and give me a plastic dish that's NOT what I wanted. Unless you want to deal with idiots don't come here. That is all.
5	This Dq is always busy and I have never had to wait long for ice cream or the yummy chicken fingers! They are always nice, professional and accurate.
4	I've been going to this DQ for the last two years. I have always had the best service and the best food at this DQ. the staff is very friendly and the Manager has the habit of asking patrons how their service and food is. The restrooms are clean and the service is top notch, great job! i'll be back week after week.
4	This is probably the nicest DQ I have ever seen. With that being said the appearance of the store also matched the quality of the food and the service. Even late on Sunday nights this place is busy yet still executes each order perfectly with a smile on their face. So weather you want something sweet or a real meal to eat this place will not disappoint.  I really like that they offer smaller sizes for the Blizzards now because although they are good it can get a bit rich. The drive through seems chaotic and is constantly long, I would reccomend going inside to order or realxing and eating in like I do.
1	Shame me once fool on you, shame me twice, fool on me! Well needless to say, today was the second time (in a looooong time) I decided to give my DQ down the road a try.... Apparently they don't read their Yelp reviews or even care what the customer has to say because once more as I went through the drive thru and ordered 2 large TWIST ice creams with sprinkles in a bowl the person at the window either needs to have their ears checked, hearing aids implemented or just plain be banished from this earth because I was served 2 VANILLA ice creams with sprinkles in a bowl..... looking at my receipt - AMAZING 2 TWIST ice creams were ordered (so I'm not crazy- Hallelujah!)Dairy Queen, I'm done- stick a fork in me. And you're lucky I didn't  just throw my ice creams at the idiotic lady who served me... At this point the assault charges that would have followed would be worth it after numerous times you've failed to serve the customer correctly.
5	Who doesn't love Dairy Queen? This location is clean, modern & run by teenagers, so what can you expect but a few minutes waiting on them to pull their head out of their butt long enough to provide a semblance of customer service.
2	This Dairy Queen could get 5 stars for their blizzards and staying open late! Unfortunately, find my picture and see that I'm reviewing the food and wait time. It was a 15-20 minute wait for two chicken strip baskets. The one pictured was my 4 piece (count them, only 3!). Not to mention, they were more like nuggets, measuring just a few inches long. Now, this is not the DQ norm and I was embarrassed because I assured somebody that they actually have good fast food, not just soft serve. Lol. Fail!
4	Gotta love DQ  It's all American!
5	Beautiful new restaurant style location
3	Nice DQ! Stop here a lot when we have a taste for a "nightcap." But, don't bother with the hot dogs. I had a chili cheese dog the other night and it was probably the poorest excuse for a hot dog I have had in my life. It was like a blown up cocktail weeny that someone dumped some canned chili on with a little cheese Whiz. Not impressed by the food... Always good service and Blizzards though.
2	So I was craving an sundae earlier, I decided to pop by this DQ and got the medium size sundae with strawberry. After paying for the sundae, I was shocked by the size of the sundae, the server said he had weighed out the sundae too, it was as big as the vanilla cone. If you want every want a sundae, don't come here. Its no way as good as the Costco very berry sundae! Hands down!
5	Man I love this place....qhe. they say uve never sewn a DQ like this one before thwyre telling the truth...its gorgeous! Its one of the cleanest food joints around....I have been going here for a long time and the service and food are what brings me back. They have a GREAT handle on what customer service is and you'd think you were In a full service restaurant by the way they treat you.  The managers are always around and their kids are always rocking out orders. The drive thru is always packed but they keep it moving pretty well. I have found that if the drive thru is busy u can usually get served pretty quickly inside...so if its more than 6 cars I go inside and get out quicker than the guy that would have been in front of me. Just a great bunch of kids all around they have really done an awesome job when I'm there...don't get me wrong, they will have the occasional mistake and if u bring it to their attention it is ALWAYS fixed beyond my expectations...that's what I like, when you go to other places n say ur burger has ketchup on it when it shouldnt, they make a new one n send u on ur way whereas DQ takes it personally (they should) and will fix the issue and take it a step further to ensure you're happy...the one time I did take my burger back because of the ketchup, they brought me out a brand new burger and made it a combo for me for free and I got dessert on top of it. Keep up the great work DQ, you've got a customer for life!
5	I can't believe im writing a review of Dairy Queen but this is by far the nicest one I have ever been to. You give them your order and they bring the ice cream out to you. They also do this fun flippy thing with the blizzards at the table.
4	The only reason I gave this any less than 5 stars is because there is always a huge line. But beside the food which I hope no one orders the ice cream is always good.
1	We stopped by on Easter Sunday after church, about 11:15am. They were not busy as I believe they must have just opened. We went through the drive thru & brought the food home... big mistake!  The ice cream was excellent as always BUT the 2 burger combos were horrible! The burgers looked & tasted like they were made the day before...they went to the dog. Even the buns were cracked & dried out!!! I now wish we had eaten inside so that we could have returned the food! After paying nearly $30.00 for this meal & the only edible thing is the icecream, I will take our business elsewhere! DQ is usually know for really delicious quality food but NOT at this location!!!  I gave 1  1 star for the employee who was really nice & upbeat!
