1	So I went there last night for a few beers and maybe some pizza. The pizza was decent, nothing special for sure. When I got my bill the waitress has added several drinks that I definitely did not order nor did I give anyone permission to add anything to my tab. Instead of realizing here mistake and removing the items that weren't mine she argued with me and it wasn't until I told her I was going to call the bank and disallow the charge that she finally removed the charges. I was a waitress for many years and understand that sometimes bills get mixed up but being that there were only about 8 people there there was really no excuse. I would never go there again the food is mediocre at best and the service is awful at best. Drive one mile up the road to Red, White and Brew if you are in the mood for great for including pizza and servers who are friendly and know what they are doing. If there was an option for 0 stars I would use that!
2	I have selfish reasons for wanting restaurants near my home succeed ~ need I explain? I was cautiously excited to see Gus's open. Several businesses have failed in this location. I hope Gus looks at their reviews and work to improve (they've only been open a month). I ordered a X-Lg "Gus's' Special" and a medium Mediterranean pizza, and got an order of wings (hot). Being from Buffalo, I know my wings and so far, NO ONE in the valley meets my expectations!  Sorry to say I was disappointed.  The pizza sauce (if there was any) was bland.  In fact, the whole pizza was bland. The Mediterranean was supposed to have artichokes, sun-dried tomatoes and feta cheese. If it had ANY of these on it, I didn't see OR taste any of it (hard to miss sun-dried tomatoes). Unfortunately, they were no where near hot!  Good thing I have hot sauce in my fridge! Order came with celery sticks, but no blue cheese or ranch dip. SO disappointed. Come on Gus, step up. It's not that hard!
5	We were so happy to see a new sports bar/pizza restaurant opening up down the street from us.  We tried them for lunch right after they opened and were not disappointed.  We each had a slice of pizza - and each slice was about as big as a small pizza and perfectly cooked.  I ordered a half dozen wings cooked extra crispy - and amazingly enough they came out just how I ordered them!  I've been hunting for someplace near us that can cook wings to order and I finally found one.We ordered delivery on Friday night - we've had no luck with home pizza delivery in over a year, so even though we liked their food  when we ate in, we were leery.  No reason to be at all!  Delivery was fast, our driver was friendly, our order was exactly how we placed it and the food was hot and delicious.We will definitely be ordering from/eating here again.  Our only complaint?  We were really hoping they'd have at least one pool table so we could go down on a weekend, watch some sports on TV and shoot some pool. If that's our only complaint though ~ I'd say for sure this place is a winner! :)
3	Boneless wings are really good.  Pizza is pretty good. Cool vibe with indoor/outdoor bar.
1	I had to give it one star just to write a review, but it doesn't deserve even one. This place was AWFUL. The service was horrendous. They lost two of our food orders. Three people at dinner. One got food (a lukewarm, half cooked burger). Our pizza (the lost order) came 40 minutes later, lukewarm. Our to go order was lost. We left without waiting for them to bake another 40 minute pizza to take home. We tried take out last week. That pizza was half cooked, raw in the middle. We tried to like this place twice. It was a flippin nightmare. We felt like we were being held hostage, waiting for food, waiting for service, waiting for them to figure out our bill. Moe, Larry and Curly could run a business better. Complained to management. They got defensive, saying they were "slammed". OH, and I loved the cigarette smoke that wafted in from the patio during dinner. Don't waste your time or money here. The WORST place ever.
4	This place is new!  We came to support the new restaurant bar and had a coupon with all their specials.  Great price for X-Large Pizza with 2 toppings for 11.99.  Plus during happy hour they have 1.50 Coors Light.  Great place to watch football they have quite a few TV's so every seat has a great view.  One nice feature is their patio bar area, it opens up the place.  We came for the pizza and it was very good, thin crust and lots of cheese.  The menu looked good and next time we will try their wings.  Anyhow, all in all the service was excellent and good pizza!
1	Service was horrible. Pizza was undercooked. Bartender was inattentive. Owner/manager/whoever that man in charge was, was rude. We were there 2.5 hours to eat a pizza and get 3 to take home to the kids and friends. They lost 2 orders. Left with NO pizza! This was the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. Add the cigarette smoke to dinner and it just rounds it all out. The smoke wafts into the dining area from the outside patio. Bleck. Yuck. Never again. Gross food. Rude people.
1	This was my first time ordering from Gus's. I got an extra-large cheese pizza, and wings. Medium and BBQ. I picked up my food at around 5:30 on a Sunday and the restaurant was nearly empty. That should have been my first clue of how horrible this food was going to be. First off the pizza looked worse that the cheapest frozen piece of crap that you find at the grocery store. The crust has no crispness to it. It was sluggish, like a wet sponge. The sauce was overly bitter and tasteless like they used canned tomatoes and didn't add anything to it. The cheese was low quality didn't melt well, and was also pretty tasteless. Overall I would say that your average bowling alley, or Chuck E. Cheeses has better pizza. The wings were overdone and dry. I spit mine out. I feel that if a pizzeria advertises "New York style" to their name, they should have high standards. It shouldn't be just a label, but an title that is held in high regard. I would think that people from Chicago would agree that a regional cuisine such as this should be prepared a certain way. If it does not meet certain criteria, then it doesn't receive the title.  This was seriously the worst pizza I've had since leaving NY, and I lived in CA for four years.  Their pizza is horrible as well.
1	My husband and I decided to order Gus's NY Pizza on a whim, and what a lousy one it was.  I ordered the Grilled Chicken Wrap with a salad, and he ordered the Gus's BBQ Burger- medium done. WOW, what a disappointment! Mine was mostly hard veiny romaine lettuce leaves, with a few chunks of dry, chewy chicken. YUCK. My husband wouldn't even eat it! His burger was no where near medium! It was clearly overcooked, blackened and dry as well! It honestly looked like a burger from a school cafeteria meal. The curly fries were soggy, and my chili poppers were lukewarm on the inside. This was a terrible experience!  They are way over priced for what tastes comparable to gas station food! Never again!
1	We live in the neighborhood near Gus's and we like to support local businesses. When we first started ordering food from them it was pretty darn good. We thought we finally had a good place in our neighborhood that delivered. A few months later and we will never order from them again. Tonight we got a pizza that was just disgusting. The dough was mushy and the pizza was cold. We opened it as soon as it got here and it was cold and gross. We live, no kidding, a quarter mile from them and the pizza was COLD!!! This isn't our first time with getting bad food from them though. We have ordered different sandwiches and one day it will be great and the next time it will be terrible. There is absolutely no consistency and you seriously never know what you are going to get. We have ordered sandwiches one night and the next time we order it, it doesn't even look like the same sandwich. We're done with this place.
1	Horrible service. Horrible food. Meals were delivered to the table at separate times not all at once. They forgot a dinner. A party of 4, each eating diner alone. Manager/owner/whoever he was... took the price of a raw, inedible, cold in the middle hamburger off the bill but did it like he was doing us a favor. Our to go order was wrong. Cigarette smoke from the patio wafted in over our table the whole meal. Never again. Truly one of the worst meals/experiences EVER.
1	I have to wonder if struggling businesses (and just have to assume this one is) ever check on Yelp to see what they're doing wrong.  Maybe if they did they would realize what customers don't want.1.  They don't want a large t.v. right over the outside of the entrance door blasting commercials when they approach.2.  They don't want to be greeted by a sour smell of a dirty restaurant when they walk in.3. They do want to be greeted by an employee when they walk in and a little direction- be right with you, take a seat anywhere, etc.4. They don't want to look around and see several unbused tables, trash on the floor, etc.5. They don't want to sit down and have their elbows adhere to a sticky table.6. They don't want to listen to radio stations, with their annoying commercials, for ambiance.  Pay the extra bucks for commercial free music.7. And they never want to wonder if the a/c is broken because it's so miserably hot in here.So you're probably wondering, owner, why we stayed after all that but we really do want to support local businesses so were determined to stick it out.  Maybe the food was fabulous and it would all be worth it.But, sadly, the food was the nail in the coffin.  The pizza could only be described as revolting at best.  Just recently a Peter Piper Pizza went out of business across and was wondering if you somehow scooped up their ingredients at a discount.  Someone on here described the dough as a wet sponge and that pretty much summed it up.  Add canned tomatoes and extremely low quality cheese and you have yourself a lukewarm hot mess.The other issue is your restaurant has an identity crisis.  At the ceiling is the loft feel with exposed pipes and these strange industrial lights that illuminate all the dust up there and make you feel like you're being interrogated.  Below that is the Tuscan wall mural attempting to give the feel of an Italian bistro.  Then you throw in several LARGE t.v.'s all tuned to different stations.  Continue on down and it's modern furniture.  So it's a industrial, Tuscan, sports bar with pizza in their name.  I'm confused.Have to say the server was sweet and we felt a bit sorry for her.  It was her second day on the job and she was answering phones, waiting on tables and bar tending.  There didn't appear to be a manager or owner on site.  The only other employee appeared to be the cook (sorry, just can't call him a chef....see pizza description above).  And they seemed to be confused as to which of them was supposed to clear the tables as all the dirty ones we saw coming in remained that way the entire time we were there.So, Mr or Ms Owner, you already blew your chance for a repeat customer with us but maybe you can save the next one.
2	We decided on a whim to try this place out. No one greeted is we walked in, so we asked about seating. We started my sitting on the patio. After 15 minutes, when no server came to our table, we went inside.We ordered sweet potato fries & wings to start, and a The Mo (spinach, tomato & feta) pizza & a meatball sub.The starters arrived at different times. The fries were crisp but didn't have a whole lot of flavor. The wings came about 10 minutes after the fries. I ordered medium but they had were very mild. The carrot & celery should have never left the kitchen, they were so dried out!About 10 minutes after the starters were cleared, the pizza arrived...ten minutes after that the sub arrived!The pizza had clump of frozen, tasteless spinach.  The meatball sub would have been better at a Quizo's or Subway!We have no intention of returning.
1	Horrible pizza. Undercooked crust - just gooey and raw under the sauce slopped on there. Ugh. Gave this place a second try. Wish we didn't.
3	My experience was pretty nice. The bartender was super friendly and the beer I had was nice and cold. My hot wings were good as well. I'll return and up this accordingly.
4	I always pass this place when going to Target or Game Stop and I always thought it looked nice from the outside. So I went here for lunch today to try it out. The food was delicious, they had pizza by the slice, which I thought was really convenient. So, I ordered a slice with pineapple on it and a side of fried mushrooms. It was super good, pizza was cooked on point  (Not soggy or anything) and the fried mushrooms were cooked perfectly. My friend kept it simple by ordering a burger and some onion rings, which he said was one of the best burgers he has ever consumed.I only have 2 complaints: 1) drinks are a little expensive, you should come during happy hour or Sundays because that's when the best drink specials are. And 2) our waitresses head was up in the clouds. It wasn't even busy but we has to ask her twice for a refil on our drinks and when we got our food, she went in the back and never came out. We had to hunt her down for the check. I would definitely come back though :)
2	This place is no longer Gus's.  New ownership changed it to NY Pizza and Bar.Pizza is still pretty good on the right nights and they still have a $5 cheese pizza on happy hour... But there is a high turnover on staff and it seems like the new owner is experimenting with his menu. He took all the yummy Mediterranean dishes off the menu, including the house hummus and made it strictly Italian food... NY style? All I have to say to NY Pizza and bar: good luck competing with Red White and Brew, Pachino's, and Venezia's NY pizza.  :(My money says this place doesn't last much longer than the other 3 restaurants at this location that failed before this one. Very disappointed; I may not return.
3	So on a recent visit the experience wasn't as good as my previous. went in for beer and wings and was disappointed.  2 of 6 of my wings were broken in half...As in I could see the bone marrow. not sure why but this was a huge turn off. Also the bartender was smoking a cigarette outside, didn't wash her hands and then poured my beer...'thanks hon'......but we aren't cool like that. Paid my tab and split. I'll consider harder on my next lunch time bar crawl.....maybe ill return.
2	New to the area, dropped by on a Sunday for lunch with friends. Although the pizza, wings and $1.50 coors light drafts were nice, this was the worst service I had in a long time. Waitress was terrible; didn't know her product and we even questioned if she actually worked there. It's safe to say if I ever come back here it will be for take out only.
5	Idk if you call this New York pizza or not, but it's good pizza. Especially at happy hour prices! Waitress with the awesome tattoos is pretty wonderful. Garlic knots melt in your mouth. I'll be back!
5	I have lived in the area for several years, have driven by 100s of times, and have never stopped.  Recently, I noticed patio activity, it peaked my interest, and I learned it was under new ownership.  On our first trip, my husband and I dined with our friends.  We had a great experience.  I am truly impressed by the new owner, Bruce.  He is very hands-on.  He makes an effort to greet customers and make them feel welcomed.  He is also not afraid to clear a table or deliver a drink which I think is an outstanding reflection of his commitment to his staff and his restaurant.  He takes the time to speak to his customers, valuing their opinions, and is willing to make changes to accommodate their drink and menu preferences.  The restaurant is evolving.  Since the prior restaurant concepts didn't survive, it only makes sense new ownership would not want to imitate what has already failed.  With the open air bar, we love that we can watch a game and still experience the outdoor sunshine and weather.   The restaurant is clean and comfortable.  We have had salads, pizza, wings, and pasta.   The servings are generous and the ingredients are fresh.  In addition to the accolades of the restaurant experience, Bruce is making a strong effort to contribute to the community through his efforts with Red Mountain H.S., amongst others.  I would strongly recommend giving this place a try.
5	Ordered four pizzas, salad and a sampler plater. They made one wrong pizza but gave us that pizza and the correct one for free. The service was good and the pizza was delicious. I always like to support local businesses and the great service they give.
2	Management, Management    This place is having a difficult time with Management. I dined at this restaurant for the 3rd time and they are just not training the staff.  If there is anything that bothers me more is when there are dirty plates and empty glasses on the table and they can't be cleared - especially when management is walking around looking at all the tables and they can't address this issue.  Clearly, the wait staff needs some restaurant training all around.   Don't bring someone's meal and then 10 minutes later bring the other 3?  I was giving this place a chance since it is in my neighborhood but they clearly are catering to the bar patrons.   This was my third visit, first since the new management.   Not returning.
4	Just went for dinner realised a new owner took over back in Oct. 2013.  Food was good, the happy hour specials are really good, drink and 12" cheese pizza for 5 bucks! The also have a slice of cheese pizza for 2.50 and it's HUGE!  The owner was in and it seemed that he was on top of everything, making sure things were running smoothly and people were being taken care of. I saw some negative reviews on the management and service, but I think they are getting on top of it and we had no issues when dining there tonight.  Would definitely go back again!
3	This place is A-OK, nothing crazy special, nothing super bad! If you come here I definitely recommend trying their pizza! This is an A-OK food/bar, any given night kind of place. Decent prices, spacious and decent food. I ordered their baked ziti last night and wasn't ecstatic about it, it was ok. It had decent flavor, it wasn't bland, but it was overloaded with cheese, was runny and barley had any noodles in it. The best part was the portion, it was HUGE!!! My friends seemed to enjoy their wings, their buffalo chicken wrap looked good, it was also a very large portion and they had a decent selection of beers. I am interested in going back and trying something else.
4	This place has definitely redeemed itself since my last review.Easily one of my favorite happy hour hang out spots these days. The drink specials are good, the food is delicious and it doesn't hurt having a hangout where they know your name or at least your face! Keep up the good work!
4	Went in there today. Great lasagna and great customer service. I was a first time visitor but first impression was good.
3	3 name changes later... "BT'z Pizza, Grill, and Sports Bar" is a decent restaurant with a matching following.  Some of their wait staff has stuck around, and a bartender or two, and it seems that the family management has made changes that tickles the fancy of several local bar patrons.Trust me: Get the pizza. I like mine extra crispy, which they accommodate easily all the time down to flavored crusts.  BT'z has a good happy hour price for a pizza too for dine in customers only. Another thing... Their wings are pretty darn good. Can't go wrong here. Lastly, they have a surprisingly extensive selection of beers on tap.  All the classics covered, including the local brews.
1	Tried to call in & order food for delivery. Basically could not even complete the order, the lady was rude. Sorry to bother her with an order on her shift, I guess.
1	This is a ZERO STAR review.  Awful service. There is no pride in food prep or service here. Would you serve garlic knots that were completely CHARRED and burnt to your guests? One of the few guests, I might add, who is trying to support you and keep your sorry ass in business!!!!  It is so sad!!  No wonder there are only two customers ever in there at one time...
