3	I had pho tai and my bff had the pad thai. The pad thai had a little chili next to it on the menu to suggest it was spicy. Once again, my theory that Montreal does not eat spicy food has been further supported. The pho was good, so was the crispy spring rolls. I thought the pad thai tasted a little like ketchup...not very thai. This place stands out in the area b/c of the decor and overall ambiance. Its bright and open and invites people in without the intimidation of having to know exactly what you want to order. They have plastic molds of dishes in the window so you have an idea of what this place has to offer. HOW COME PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF A LITTLE SWEAT MUSTACHE HERE? I wish a giant serrano chili exploded all over this city.
4	The Tonkinese chicken soup was the perfect thing on this chilly February afternoon. Clean flavors and chock-full of chicken pieces, though slightly bland. The lunch special is a great value, though the wonton soup and spring roll aren't anything to write home (Yelp?) about. ;) We also shared the Chicken Chow Mein -- it's served Hong Kong style, on a bed of crispy noodles. Heavy on the veggies (a plus!), and no burnt edges. Portions were so large that I had enough for lunch the next day. If you're looking for something with a slightly more upscale ambiance in Chinatown without being pretentious or compromising on quality, this place definitely fits the bill.
4	Very good food, everything was really fresh!  A great selection of the old standbys, the Vegetable Curry was to die for!
4	I came here 3 years ago and I only just found out the name of this place. And I'm so happy I did because I've been wanting to review it for a while. We just so happened to stumble upon this place while walking through Chinatown one night. Immediately, the place impressed me. Very minimal and chic. Gives the impression that it's going to cost you a pretty penny, mais, au contraire! They were under $10 (USD)!I chose the shrimp in Thai green curry and coconut milk. Mmm mmm! Well flavored and not too hot. My friend had one of the pork chop dishes. I can't specifically remember the name but I took a picture of it. Her dish was delicious as well. I only wish I had a place like this back home in D.C. When I go back to Montreal, I will definitely be stopping by here.
3	A pretty run of the mill viet-thai place. The only thing that really blew me away was how clean the place. From the tables to the floors to even the bathrooms. The foot was mediocre. I had the house pho which came with a pretty meaty broth but that was about it. I wish they gave you more greens on the side , oh and a lime. The noodles were kind of  crappy and the meat was very fatty. The beef balls were really good, but how can you mess up a pre-processed meat? For the guys, they have the large bowls - which are the size of little buckets. My friend, who's pretty allergic to MSG, was faced with another dilema. Only two of their dishes don't come chock full of MSG (It's an asian place, what did we expect). She chose a chicken/veggie dish and it was pretty good. I found the sauce a bit too peanut-y but she seemed to like it. If I'm back to Montreal I'd consider coming again simply because of the very clean atmosphere.
3	Had a quick dinner. Grilled pork chop was good. The Thai green curry was not so good - was brown in color and tasted like no other green curry I have ever had.Reasonable prices.Fast serviceClean, especially compared to many of the other restaurants on the street.Attached bakery is fun as they have a number of unusual treats.
2	There's really not much to say about this place, it's nestled on the one street that they call Chinatown in Montreal. The place seems to be clean and modern for a restaurant in Chinatown, they don't turn on AC, so expect it to be stuffy and warm on a hot day. They didn't even give cold water, it was just straight warm tap water. I never expect decent service when dining at a restaurant in Chinatown, so it was on par. The food lacks a lot of flavor, I had the vermicelli noodles with grilled pork and spring roll, and my husband had the pineapple fried rice (thai style). Not the best place for Viet-Thai, and not the worst, but not coming back here.
4	In the mood for Asian food, we strolled down Chinatown. Basilic was the most modern looking place which is why we picked it. Once we were inside we worried for a little bit, since there weren't too many Asians which led us to believe that their Viet-Thai fare wouldn't be good, but we were wrong. I ordered their Shrimp and Chicken Pad Thai, my friend had the Chicken Pho, and my other friend had the Korean BBQ. We were very happy with our meals that our plates were licked clean! We each also had their Red Bean Ice drink which was very cool and refreshing. Our meals were under $20 a pop.
3	The decor and presentation of the food is above average for Chinatown.  The food itself was definitely average.  I would go back here again, but I'm not jumping out of my seat to do so.  One of many average restaurants in Chinatown.
4	Good food. Good service. Recommended good Chinese beer. Cheap
3	the place is tucked away in the Chinatown area, but the display is what caught our attention. the prices arent too bad, but are probably catered to tourists. most dishes were about $8-$10 range. the food portions were decent but lacked taste. we tried the mango salad which was refreshing but lacked dressing. also had the hainese chicken which was nothing more than boiled yellow skin chicken with dark soy sauce. the spicy sauce was merely sriracha and not the typical malaysian hainese soy sauce/spicy sauce. can't trick me!!! i was pretty disappointed in that since the display looked decent. the bubble tea was ok. a meal for two of us ended up about $40USD with tip and tax. i think i'll take my business elsewhere the next time i am in montreal.
1	I had the hainan chicken over rice, it was horrible. Wrong sauce... And I could tell they microwave the food for me...10bucks + tax for that? I would rather eat McDonald.
5	amazing place, with amazing food and great customer service! Thanks to SAMANTHA for the best waitress service ever! her recommendations for vegan dishes were amazing..I Had the instant veggie noodles full of mushrooms, and then amazing coconut milk coffee!!! went there TWICE yesterday!! highly recommended. big portions and affordable prices, super clean place!
2	Meh. MSG overload. Cheap and mediocre food. What really annoyed me was the waiter who threw the piece of paper  and walked away without telling what to do with it. It was to place your order in it. The food is nothing special, boring.
4	I was wandering around Chinatown and stumbled upon Basilic. I went in because it looked modern and clean.   I ordered the fried dumplings - OMG YUM - and the beef and vegetable on rice noodles. Dinner was fantastic and cheap. Dumplings $4.95. Beef noodles $8.95.   Restaurant was clean, the service was pleasant, the food was served quickly. I would not hesitate to go here again and am happily recommending it to my friends.
5	Very good place to eat! The House Pad Thai was very good and fresh! The restaurant is a 2 minute walk from The Palais de Congres! Really good place for Chinese and Thai!
1	I would give it zero stars if I could.  One of the worst restaurant experience of my life, and there are so many great places near by.  We sat down and were actually pleasantly taken aback by the better-than-Chinatown decor.  The menu was large and provided many options.  The staff was scattered and a little cold, but no more than expected in a Chinatown hole in the wall.  We ordered, and were actually fairly excited by the menu despite being denied our hope for different protein and the waiter telling us she didn't like much on the menu.  Then we waited, and waited, and waited and waited.  After waiting for around 40 minutes we asked about our food, because we had to make a Just for Laughs show.  Our waiter told us our best bet was to cancel the order, because after already waiting for 40 minutes, our food wouldn't be out in less than another 15 minutes.  We asked her to please try and rush it, because at this point there was no where else we could get dinner in this much time, but she said it wasn't her side of the restaurant, and it was up to the kitchen staff when our food would come out.  We waited around for another 10 minutes or so, when our server came out for a final time and told us our meal wasn't going to be possible because they were out of rice.   A Chinese restaurant out of rice at around 8:35!  We were told to leave, because there was nothing they could do.  We left, hangry and very disappointed.  Luckily, we walked over to Mai Xiang Yuan, a wonderful dumpling shop I would highly recommend, and they were able to extremely speedily give us some incredibly delicious dumplings in no time.
