4	The view of downtown Pittsburgh is ridiciously nice - especially on a clear night. The interior is very elegant with chandeliers and piano music. The food isn't as great for the high pricing. However, the desserts are pretty decent. A great place for an anniversary or special occasion. Sometimes, I don't understand why they don't hire better chefs. By the way, valet is only like $5 so it's worth it.
5	The name of this place is simply "Le Mont."  How do I know?  I used to live right next door!  It is an elegant restaurant up on Mt. Washington with an incredible view overlooking the three rivers that the old Steelers Three Rivers Football Stadium was named after:  Ohio, Allegheny & the Monongahela Rivers.  From up here you can see into the new Heinz Field!  Across the rivers is the new Pirates Baseball Stadium and the golden triangle of downtown Pittsburgh and bridge after bridge.  The food is expensive, but worth it and the view is unbelievable.  Be sure you make reservations, because you are not the only person who wants to eat here.  Do it in advance so you can sit by the windows.  Go on a fireworks night . . . or when the Inland Regatta is happening . . . or during football or baseball season.  Ride the tram up from below . . This is the place to be . . . . you will not be disappointed.
3	three stars because this is really not a 5 star restaurant.  the locale is great, and the view is phenomenal.  its actually right next to the Duquesne Incline so you can get to the restaurant on the funicular.but onto the service and the food....1. eventhough i made reservations for 2 a month in advance for a special occasion, they could not give me a window table.  instead we were seated in a raised area in the back, which wasn't that bad, but wasn't as good as sitting next to the view.  perhaps its because i didn't slip a cool 20 to the maitre d??  another couple came after and got a table setup for 4, which made me curious.2.  our waiter was friendly, but i have to say from our vantage point, the "butler" facade doesn't work.  you can just tell from the minutae of the mannerisms and interaction, and from the level of detail and service you receive.  3.  the interior is very dated.  its got mirrors, gold trim, old chandeliers, dark carpet, etc.4.  the food is like hotel or wedding food.  comes in a platter with a metal cover on it.  i know some think this is the way its supposed to be served, but it leaves you thinking that it had gone through a production line and then were kept warm with those covers.  you get the point.  the chicken was dry but the chilean sea bass was good.5.  the food's presentation looks the same despite your order.  they've got they typical carrots, green beans and smash potatoes on every dish, and worst yet, they're arranged the same on every dish.  see pics i posted.after paying a bill for dinner for 2, i'm still left wondering where the good food in Pittsburgh are if this is supposed to be at the top of the game.oh...they have a separate line item on the check for maitre-d tips...bizarre if you ask me.
3	I agree with all of the reviews of this place.   It is over hyped.  Yea the view is great but as with most restaurants with a view the food never lives up to it.  Please try Isabella or even Monteray bay before shelling out le cash for le mont.
3	Le Mont or should I say "the le mont" like my yinzer brethren is what you would expect it to be if you are from this town.  Now, if you are from out of town it is truly one of he most beautiful vistas you can see whlle dining in any city.  I've eaten here maybe a dozen times and a few years ago hosted about 30 nights while presenting seminars.  As an aside this is a good spot for business functions because it has good name recognition, professional staff and a restaurant manager who will negotiate costs.  Anyways, I was here again on Monday and the fact that we were there probably dropped the average age a few decades, which is fine.  This is definitely the kind of place your parents and grandparents would like.   It was a Monday and at first when we were cocktailing at the bar seemed relatively empty, but actually to my surprise filled up through the evening with elegant gents and ladies wearing there sunday or monday best'.  The restaurant itself is classically elegant.  BIg beautiful chandeliers, lots of ornate woodwork and crystal, bold colors and a baby grand' elevated above the dance floor.  After a guinness (bonus) at the bar we were seated at a big table right on the glass.  The view was sublime, however there were a few dead flies on the inside ledge a few inches from where we were seated.  The waiter was there quickly to get our drink orders and explain the features.  He was a professional server and was pretty much spot on from start to finish.  The features of course, were seafood (restaurant trying to clear out leftover seafood from the weekend) there was a platter with lobster tail, coquille, and a few other items.  I didn't try it, but Garrett and Tom said it was good, I'm sure the quality wasn't that great, but it was a large portion.  We started with a few apps'.  They were calamari (nothing special, overpriced at $13), also the brie (chambord brie stuffed with apricots, apples and pecans finished with an apple glaze).  This was pretty delish, but at $14 again a bit high and the final app' was oysters bienville (oysters topped with asiago, crab and spinach).  This was okay, but again the same theme here overpriced for quality.  A few folks had the ceaser salad which was fun because it was prepared tableside.  I was told it was very good.  Megan got some chicken dish with pineapple.  It looked pretty good and not dry.  Tom and Keith had some type of preperation of veal, which they both said was excellent served with perfectly cooked root vegetables and mashed potatoes.  Matt had the steak diane, which is fun again because it's two small filets prepared tableside with a nice demi-glaze.  I had the lamb which were several small lamb chops lightly breaded with a mustard type glaze and breading.  It was okay and I will admit I ate all of it, however it was a bit more "gamey" than it should have been.  There were several desserts sampled and most were palatable.  Megan tried some coffee at the end, however the cream was spoiled.  THe waiter quickly replaced.  This is a place you should take out of town guests, however if it's my "dime", which it usually isn't when I'm here you can do better elsewhere.  You are easily paying a 20% premium for the view and it is pretty much the opposite of "hip or trendy", which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  The service is 4 stars, the food 2 stars or less because of price, but the view is 5 stars.  Go at least once and sadly that's probably enough.
5	Make sure you see Dani at the bar for one of her great special drinks.
4	Growing up a Yinzer, I always thought that the Le Mont was too pricey an'nat just to see a view of dawntawn Pixburg.  Well say hello to the Le Mont fixed price menu (or as they say the "prix-fixe menu").  For $50, yes $50, you get two main dishes and two-side salads.  This special coincides with the restaurant celebrating 50 years of service.  True, as prior reviewers have stated, the place does feel a little like a high-class place from the eighties but if you order off this menu, you will definitely get your monies worth and have a very nice experience.Atmosphere - Think fancy restaurant from any 1980's movie where someone creates a scene and everyone is shocked...saying things like "oh, my".  Service - Friendly, prompt, first rate.Food - I ordered from the prix-fixe menu and ordered the...actually, I forget the exact name of the dish...but it was the one with two 4 oz fillets.  They have several other choices including fish.  It, my fillets, were prepared as ordered, medium, and they were delicious even with a brown sauce drizzled on top.  Oh, the darn French and their nonstop use of sauces make for watching your weight difficult.  The Lemont salad that was part of the meal deal was basic and good as were the accompanying breads.  For dessert, I had the coconut custard cake, which was also very good and moist!   Price - Um,...$50 for two.  Where they get you is on the dessert and drinks.  The dessert was $7 and drinks are priced at restaurant drink rates...yeah known...expensive.  Although they do have a list of select wines at $25 a bottle, which can work well on a budget.  Overall - I think with this promo, the Le Mont is one of the best deals in town.  So, go check it out an'nat.Note: I went on a weekday, not positive if the prix-fixe menu is available on weekends.
3	Being here on a business trip the Sheraton recommended this place with a good view of the 3 river area and downtown. Its a unique experience to ride the Duquesne Incline to get to the top. Just make sure you have exact money 2$ or else your going to end up with a pocket full of quarters.I was seated by the window and had a great view of the city. I had a crabby old guy as my waiter, who then later Angel stepped in. He was great, and a very nice guy. Service was exetremely good after that.As an Appetizer I had the onion soup au gratin. It wasnt what I expected. The cheese was completely melted over the bowl, and it was a thick mozerella instead of the normal gyrer. It was very tasty I thought. For the main course, I tried something odd I had never seen before. Salmon Wellington. It had Salmon of course, but was stuffed with crab/shrimp as well. It sounded better than it tasted. It was ok. Not as flaky as I remember the beef wellington I had at the Paris in Las Vegas. It was very hot. The vegetables it came with were overly salted. Desert was a fresh berry cheese cake. It was very good, and I had a Churchill port that was right up there with the best of them.Overall I think I have to agree with everyone else. You come here for the view, and the ride up the mountain. Its a fun time, and Im glad I did it. Le Mont is supposed to be an icon around here, and Im glad I was able to visit such a place.
4	What an interesting experience...The electricity was knocked out in most of the area, and Le Mont was no exception.  However, this didn't stop them from pulling together a very nice candlelit experience! This past weekend wasn't my first time there but definitely the most memorable.  Who knew the sparse generator powered lighting paired with candles on each table would provide just the environment to enjoy looking out at the Pittsburgh downtown skyline.The food was great, not exceptional, but their current anniversary special is quite the deal.  My swordfish was cooked rather well.  If you've been thinking about checking it out, do it soon!Great place for a date, celebration, or just a special night out.
2	When I asked the server to suggest some of their best dishes, his reply was "everything is excellent." The view was excellent, but nothing we ate there qualified. If you're going to freeze your steaks, don't expect people to be pleased about spending $40+ for their entrees. I will most definitely go back for drinks, but not for dinner (unless of course they hire a great new chef who completely reworks the menu!).
2	If it were just for the view this place would be unparalleled but they proudly advertise and display their culinary credentials. The service and the view were impeccable, but the food was wanting. Perhaps it was because it was a Sunday night, perhaps it was because we ordered from the 50th anniversary menu (One dinner wanted the chicken that wasn't on the a la carte  menu. Between 4 of us we had chicken, veal, sole and swordfish. The sole had to go back due to bones, the chicken and veal were mostly flavorless and the swordfish was dry. Most disappointing was the unmistakable taste of instant mashed potatoes. Although mine actually did have chunks of real potatoes, these were obviously dried or someone went to great lengths to make them taste that way. It is truly unfortunate that such a nice place with such an outstanding atmosphere and service served up food so far under their own advertised standard. It, in all truth, cost them a very prestigious VIP dinner.
4	Ambience is Fabulous. We ordered off the 50 year anniversary menu and both dinners were disappointing. Our waiter gave us complimentary desserts. We danced, that was special. We will be back but we will not order off the anniversary menu.
3	It's important to preface this review with two caveats: first, remember that you're in Pittsburgh. Second, understand that largely the restaurant location, not the food, is what you're really aiming to experience. That's not to say the food is bad; it isn't! But it's also not extraordinarily creative or adventurous. Each entree is served alongside mashed potatoes and vegetables, and is plated in a similar fashion to the others.However, there are many good things about this restaurant: the food is good. I enjoyed it tremendously. The service was excellent as well, very attentive and knowledgeable. My steak was prepared perfectly, and the lobster I had was broiled exceptionally well. Oh, and the view - well, it's hard to beat.If you're looking for a good place for a nice dinner in Pittsburgh, consider giving this place a try. It's not the best, but in the city where people dine out the least in all of America, it passes muster and gets the job done.
3	Le Mont  isn't the type of place I'd ever choose to go to myself seeing it's fairly expensive and a place where I'd have to cross my legs, sit up straight, and use the right forks- that and the decor reminds me of a dilapidated mansion. But after a delicious pomegranate martini I couldn't care less what kind of restaurant I was in, the cliche view was great and the food to follow even better. Not really "different" enough for my taste... just another fancy restaurant but the service was great and I'd recommend it to someone trying to impress a date.
4	I was invited to Le Mont for a dinner reception a week or two ago and was thoroughly impressed. Incredible view of the city, very elegant setting (tuxedos and chandeliers galore), and excellent service to boot. Food was pretty good (although I didn't foot the bill, so that could have something to do with it).I wouldn't mind returning again.
5	I had a 5-star experience here mainly because I came here on a Wednesday night, with a prearranged large party that was able to secure an excellent corner spot with floor to ceiling windows surrounding us on two sides. And also, we came here for restaurant week too so we had a 3-course meal for $30 (pre-tip and alcohol) which was amazing.The View:Here's a tip, the best time to come is right before the sun sets. It's like you get two shows for the price of one. The sun reflecting off the 3 rivers is amazing. Here's another tip, choose the seat that faces the window. Or if you brought someone here to impress, have both of you sit perpendicular to the window. Since a picture is a thousand words, check out my photos of the skyline from Lemont.The Food:For the reduced price restaurant week menu we still had an amazing selection. I started off with a soup, moved onto Filet Mignon medallions topped with shrimp and dessert was a baked alaska, charred fresh with a blowtorch by our tuxedo-ed waiters right by our tables. Everything I ate was to be expected from a fine dining establishment. Although, I think the restaurant week menu has gone downhill since the time I went back in 2009.The Service:Who doesn't want to be served by a man in a tuxedo?! Although my waiter was probably twice my age, he showed no signs of airs and made sure everything was great. Which it was!Overall, I had a great meal, a great view, and did it all within a very reasonable price. Only downside? I wish I was there with a girl instead.
2	I ended up here as a result of a business function. As such, we were given a private room furthest away from the main dining room. The view was spectacular on a rainy day, and after the sun set, we were treated to a fantastic show of lightning bolts.Too bad the food was just meh. I had a basic salad and a filet mignon. The rolls served to our table were white and crusty; they tasted like Rhodes frozen rolls. The meat was fine but it was accompanied by some sort of yellowish sauce. I tried the sauce and it tasted exactly like mayonnaise. Fortunately, it was not poured all over my steak or it would have ruined it. For dessert, I had a fresh fruit tart and quite frankly, I get better fruit tarts from my local grocery store bakery.Too bad the service was NOT friendly. There were many comments about our server's demeanor. It was almost as though she didn't want to be there at all. I feel bad for our host who probably paid out the nose for this so-so meal and the mandatory gratuity for the grouchy server. I was just happy that none of my personal money was going to this establishment. I would have been very mad if it wasToo bad you can't eat the view.
2	View is great.My waiter (Michael) was a snob. I asked for cocktail sauce and he rolled his eyes.  Food was just average at best. I have had much better meals. Great place for dinner with a view, but expensive with marginal food.
5	Haven't been to Lemont in many a year!  Always liked the food and service was impeccable!   Well it hasn't changed!The maitre'd showed our small group to a great table in the corner.  Yes!, what a great view!  Had reservations for a friends birthday...special occasion.  Fun to watch boats on the river, the incline and planes flying over the Northside..oh excuse me, it is now the North Shore.  We did go mid-week so it was not crowded.We had a few kids, ages 11 to 14, and the maitre'd and server were so good at making sure they could order just about anything they wanted.  They had a long list of ideas not on the menu, since everything is made to order.  Fantastic!  Server went way above and beyond, like you would expect at a top notch restaurant.The tables were so sweet!  Shiny table ware and glasses.  Fancy plates and linens, it is nice to dine out.  We ordered some Champagne to start off and waiter made sure to ask about the type we preferred, Brut, Asti or semi???  Great job!Server also suggested we not over order apps, and extras and told us about the roasted tomato that came with our meal.  Started with a couple of apps, escargot alio was so nice with garlic, not seen much anymore but fun to see the kids try!  The crepes fontinia were delicious.Had a classic, the Lemont salad, nice fresh greens served with the Lemont vinaigrete, really enjoyable.  The meal came with assorted fresh bread and was refilled when needed.Had the Veal loin rib chop for two that was cooked perfectly, tender and sweet.  Others had the salmon, New York Strip steak and a special kids spaghetti. Everyone loved their meals and how they were cooked. Managed to get a bite of the spaghetti when the young one next to me keep saying this is better than grandmom's.  It was very good indeed.When you go you have to try the deserts.  We decided to get a couple of the old tried and true cooked tableside so the kids, big kids too, could watch and try deserts they have never seen.  The Baked Alaska and Bananas Foster were sweet and very good, as was the coconut cake.  Deserts were passed around and the Bananas were the fav.Lemont can be a little pricey if you order extras, but not to bad if you stick to the basics, but  you get really good food and service.  This is a top notch place during the week.  What a great experience!
3	3.25 stars. But, I downgrade it to 3 because the care taken in preparing the food (and serving it) did not quite match what I would normally expect from an upscale restaurant like this. We had a very good experience with the scenery and the interior (and our conversation), but it could have been great if Le Mont went the extra mile and put in 100% effort into ingredients instead of building a foundation on iceberg lettuce. The food was basically average, not distinctive, and subpar at times. I have always been hesitant to try Le Mont (for the almost 3 years I have been in Pgh) due to somewhat mixed reviews, my fascination with the nearby Isabela which I always thought would be very hard to beat in romance, views, and relatively casual elegance, and, all right I will say it, the "old money" hunch I had of the place.  This hesitation was overcome last week when I wanted to treat some distinguished overseas visitors at a nice Mt. Washington eatery -- what place is better than Mt. Washington on a clear day to initiate an out-of-towner to Pittsburgh?Le Mont is greatly successful in impressing visitors in two ways: outstanding scenery of the city and exquisitely decorated interiors. Sit at a table next to the window and enjoy the view both outside and inside. Deserves 5 stars easily for this. But that is 5 stars just for being at the right location at the right time. A great restaurant should do much more than that. The food and service are another story. From an upscale restaurant like Le Mont, I would have expected elegance in the food and ingredients that go into the food. The food was tasty, but it was lacking the fine care that is a staple of *great* restaurants. Let me explain. We ordered three appetizers: shrimp cocktail, crepes fontinia, and the oysters. Oysters were subpar, shrimp was not high quality and was served with iceberg like lettuce, crepes were just OK. Nothing was distinctive in the three dishes. The bottle of wine we got was very good, which made me somewhat forget, albeit temporarily, that the appetizers were average. The bread and butter were OK, but only with the cabernet my visitor chose. My swordfish entree was the best food I had, and it was actually good. The steak looked good, but I cannot vouch for it. A visitor had bouillabaise, which looked less soupy than what I think it is supposed to be, but he thought it was fine (maybe he was being polite).  We did go all the way in and got desserts and coffee. I liked the carrot cake with cappuccino, but again nothing was really distinctive. Our main server, a gentleman who was clearly seasoned and confident in the art of waiting tables, was somewhat odd. He seemed he was always in a rush and was rough around the edges. I actually appreciated his experience and confidence (and even what could have been perceived as roughness), but I did not care much for the somewhat quick and rough service. Nonetheless, I enjoyed the service; it was fun, but I will for sure not call it elegant. To summarize:+ Outstanding scenery and interiors+ Good wine- Average food, not necessarily prepared with great careo Fun yet not-so-elegant serviceLe Mont, thus, has great potential to improve and become an very good restaurant instead of an average one. I will probably give it another try at some point, but I would not take a date I am excited about to Le Mont.
3	The view was fantastic. (I mean fantastic!)The service was great. The waiter and bartender went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed - not always easy when you are eating with a toddler! :) Then the food arrives. The soup of the day - Vichyssoise - was good, but unlike any I've ever had before. And that's where, for me, the good food stopped. The strawberry/prosciutto salad that I had was not good. Then, I had a chicken entree. I didn't even eat half. Nice evening out, great views, lackluster food.
3	We had a gift card to Le Mont but didn't get to go there until the day before the expiration. Whoops. Made a reservation for 8pm on a Friday night. Rolled up to the front and got our car parked through the valet. When we entered, you could feel the opulence reeking out from the decor but in an old school way. The host was kind but unfortunately sandwiched us into this corner in between two large parties. The view was fantastic though. We were served bread and the candle was lit on our table but then because of where we were located, blending in with the two parties, we had to wave down a waitstaff for a menu after twenty minutes. They apologized profusely and offered a glass of wine on the house. This was kind of them though I was not impressed with their wine menu. I am not a wine expert at all but when you've got Sutter Home at $8 per glass it does make me wonder... I ordered a caesar salad to start which was made table side and then had the raspberry duck. Both were delicious and they redeemed themselves on the starter and entree. Then we ordered bananas foster for dessert which was made table side like the salad and the portion was huge but very delicious. I wish I had more room to eat it! These too were on the house because of the delay that we experienced. All in all the food was good and the wait staff were great but the style of Le Mont was just not me so I probably would not come back unless there was a specific reason.
4	LeMont saved our New Year celebration.We made reservations at a restraunt down the street and were unable to sit down to eat our food for 3 hours after the time our reservations were for.  We walked down to LeMont and they sat us immediately.The view is beautiful and our service was good.Food was great. We had the pork chop, osso bucco, and our friend had the sea bass.  All of which was wonderful.Give this place a try and you won't regret it.
1	If you hate saving money and love extremely mediocre food, then you will love Le Mont. We came here for a Valentine's Day dinner. The view is nice but we were stuck near one of the side windows so we ended up having a poor view of the beautiful Downtown Pittsburgh. It was also snowing...but I can't blame wintry Mother Nature. Especially since she visits Pittsburgh so often.Red Flags:1- Our waitress, when we asked what the soup of the day was, completely forgot what was in the soup. She stuttered and pulled out a notepad and read it off to us. I would like to think Le Mont would step up their game during V-day weekend. The soup was also a boring vegetable soup. Gag.2- When my boyfriend ordered crabcakes:Waitress: You should order a side.Him: Why?Waitress: Because this entree is small. It only comes with one side.Him: Well what's the side?Waitress: a tomato.The "side" is half a tomato with cheese on top. I got this side too. It was disgusting and undercooked. 3- Our food. I understand that this place is expensive. But I expected at least decent quality food for the price!Appetizer: $17 - for FOUR pieces of cocktail shrimp in what tasted like jarred marinara sauce. This was especially painful because I bought a pack of cocktail shrimp and sauce for a third of the price at Trader Joe's the week before. My lamb: ~$40 dollars. The sauce was nasty and brown and had absolutely no taste. I had to repeatedly put salt and pepper on it. The skin wasn't crisp and had congealed into this thick layer of fat that my teeth couldn't even get through.Crabcakes: ~$40 dollars. Mediocre, cold, and so boring. There was no presentation. It was literally two blocks of garbage on an empty plate. Side: We ordered a side of potatoes because our waitress wouldn't go away until we did. It was DISGUSTING. Even my boyfriend, who loves most potato-y things, couldn't stomach a second bite. It was like a potato gratin, but had been fried and left outside for 5 hours. That garbage was $7. Dessert: $7 mediocre slice of cheesecake.A terrible experience -- I wouldn't pay $20 to eat this kind of food.
4	The snail appetizer was succulent.  The view of the city, beautiful.
3	Food was good but the view was fantastic!
1	This place has an awesome view, but the interior and the food is awful. I went here for a work party, (thank god i didn't come here and pay with my own money) and we were served selected items from the menu. My boyfriend and I both got the sea bass and it was literally the worst fish I have ever had dining out.  It was nothing but a semi-warm plain piece of fish with some seeds on top of it. There wasn't even any butter or sauce on it. The vegetables and sides also just tasted like they were boiled.  This was worse than even the banquet food I've had at weddings and other similar events.  The wallpaper was peeling off of the bathroom walls and the place was just ugly inside. The view is awesome, but not worth sitting through the disgusting meal i had.  There are much, much, much better restaurants in Pittsburgh in the same price range or even cheaper.
1	Where to start?  The best part of this place is without a doubt the view.  Amazing on a clear night.  The food and service are another thing all together.  In the party of 5 that attended our dinner we ate filet, sea bass, salmon and veal.  All were served with a twice baked potato - horrible.  It was not hot, hard and completely without flavor.  I had the filet.  It was a tough flavorless hunk of meat that was not eatable unless you doused it with A-1 and salt.  The bernaise sauce was flavorless, watery and would not have been good paired with anything on the menu.  The food looked like it was pre-prepared and considering that it was not busy it seems lazy to not make it fresh, but you could taste that it was sitting refrigerated somewhere in the back.  The server was SLOW as molasses and not very astute to the needs of the customer.  Note to servers: when your customer is doing the "chicken neck" looking for you that's a signal you are needed.  He was fast with the bill, but that would be about it.  Horrible food.  Save your money and go somewhere else.   The ride to the top is a lot cheaper than the bill you get at the end of the night.
3	I have been to the Lemont only two other times for networking events during the day, and this would have been my first dining experience on New Years Eve. We had dinner reservations at 10:00pm. We had to wait in a valet line for about 15 minutes while a police officer directed traffic. It wasn't too inconvenient since we took into account it was NYE. We arrived at 9:55pm, and didn't get seated unit 10:30pm. They kept telling us that our table was still occupied. They seated us at a table in a walkway, and then moved us. It was a lot of shuffling around. The food was good, although my friend found a piece of plastic in her salad. The service, for how upscale this restaurant is, was terrible. We ordered champagne for midnight and it came at 12:15am. There was no countdown to midnight and we almost missed it. It was a great, laid-back atmosphere, but pretty anticlimactic for midnight. Aside from the service and disorganization and chaos, it was fun. I don't think we'd go back here for NYE again though, maybe just a regular dinner.
1	Awful and way over priced.  Food seemed pre-prepared and was flavorless.  Was very disappointed with experience and will never go back.
5	I have gone here twice with my husband the last time in January to celebrate my birthday :) both times we have experienced exceptional services and wonderful food. And of course the view is breathtaking. I would highly recommend dining here!
1	I'm only giving one star because the view is beautiful. Service was horrible and far from elegant. The server addressed my Mom as "honey" and argued with her about what went into her drink (a perfect manhattan straight up with a twist)...she was right and he admitted it later. He didn't look to belong in a tux, rather a pair of overalls. The waiters were constantly bantering while walking around the place and boasted about being "the only unionized waiters" aka why no one had not yet been able to fire them. Food- salads were good (hard to screw up) and French onion soup was good. From there, the food was horrible. Pre prepared mashed potatoes and veggies and flavorless meats. Sea bass was ok but then they smeared cold mango salsa on top straight from the fridge. Chicken Romano tasted like a microwaved slab of frozen chicken and the rolls were served cold and stale. The dessert looked great but even my 4 year old sweet toothed niece didn't take more than one bite. At the beginning of dinner, my father told the waiter to give him the check for the meal at the end. When the check came, he asked who it went to and when my dad told him we wanted it he said "I don't ask but if someone wants to pay it you gotta tell me at the beginning". Save your money- go grab Subway (the service is better) and take it to the incline  building and enjoy the view. Truly my worst dining experience to date.
2	I had really wanted to read past the reviews and like this place, but beyond the view, it did not live up to the owner's dream.  Putting their staff in tuxedos was as uncomfortable for me to see as for them to wear.  There was no pedigree in their training, beyond being polite, but polite is not what a tuxedo wears.  "What can I get you guys..."  and the minute a plate was near empty, a tuxedo would reach over you and yank it away.  You had to time your eating.I had an appetizer of escargot, and although generous in the portion, they were tasteless.  It needed seasoning, garlic, oil, butter, and white wine.For dinner, I ordered Cavatappi Shrimp Natural.  Again, generous on the shrimp but tasteless.  It was pasta with shrimp. My wife ordered a glass of house chardonnay and could not get past the first sip.  I tasted it and it was , honestly, undrinkable and I love finding cheap French wines. We had to get a $85 dollar William Hill Chardonnay to get through dinner.  Seriously ridiculous (400% markup)  My wife ordered their Hearts of iceberg appetizer with the hot bacon vinaigrette but it was so vinegary it was hard to eat and she could not finish it.  For diner she had the Coq au vin, but again--lack of seasoning.All in all, it was so overpriced and under-delivered.  I felt really bad for the young couple at the adjoining table, hopefully they were overwhelmed with the view to make up for the lack of delight in dinner.  If this place wants to survive, ditch the tuxedos, lower the prices dramatically and season the food.  The chef needs a pallet for seasoning, or is being held back by the owner.The place was not very crowded.
5	Absolutely fantastic!! My husband and I dined here for our anniversary, and it exceeded my expectations. We had requested a table by the window (definitely do that) and they had one reserved for us. We weren't in a rush, but I thought the service was great, and the staff was so polite. The food was beautiful and delicious. We got the french onion soup (which was a presentation within itself), the stuffed portabella mushrooms (again, nice presentation), the chef's special entrees, and dessert.  Dinner took around 2 hours, but for a nice date when you're not pushed for time, I would absolutely recommend Le Mont!
4	What. A. View. Le Mont made for a fantastic rehearsal dinner for a friend's wedding. The food, drinks and service weren't out-of-this-world good, but there was nothing wrong with them. Again, the view makes up for all shortcomings.
2	The best thing about this place is it's view. Others are meh. Strip steak is a bit disappointing. Don't like the flavor, taste a bit sour. Wish the taste is worth the price =/.
3	You are paying for the view.  It is breathtaking.  The decor is old-school and dated. The service is fair - not terrible, but not worth the price.  The food is ehhhh - not the worst I've had, but no where near what you would expect for the price point.Recently here for an event.  The salad was extraordinarily overdressed with a balsamic dressing.  The main course was a filet. These might have been the biggest filets I have ever seen.  They were cooked perfectly, much to my surprise (banquet beef is usually overdone).  It was served with a bearnaise sauce that we passed around the table. I should've passed on the sauce- it had little flavor.  The steak also lacked seasoning and was under (or maybe not at all) salted.  The sides were carrots (cooked nicely- cooked through but still maintained some firmness), green beans, and some roasted potatoes (would have been nice if they had some more seasoning or sauce). Be forewarned, valet parking is $6. A little steep, in my opinion, but Mt. Washington parking can be tricky.  The prices at the bar weren't outrageous- charged me $1.50 for a diet coke.
5	We went here for our honeymoon on Sunday night. I'm not sure if they have altered things since their current poor reviews. We were accommodated as we changed our reservation time twice. We arrived ten minutes early, and we're immediately seated. Danny seated us and was very pleasant. Our server Mike was easy to find throughout the evening, and very entertaining. Maybe people think it's slow because they finished our courses table side. We ordered Caesar salad,  chateaubriand for two, and bananas foster. All were superb!
5	The view is spectacular, mike our sever was amazingly helpful. The roasted duck was tender .. Whenever I'm in town this is what I look forward to most.
5	No, it's NOT just the view overlooking Pittsburgh. It's not just the amazing decor, and brilliant atmosphere. The food and service speaks for itself. From the host to your waiter, I'm certain you shan't be disappointed with LeMont. My girlfriend and I happened upon this gem, and if ever in the area again, we will certainly go again.
3	Another old restaurant that you are paying for the view. Ok, but unimaginative food. Overall a skip based on price and style.
5	They out did themselves tonight I had the pork chop with an apple walnut glaze, that was delicious the wait staff was on point, with just enough to know when to come by and when to wait until I was ready.. It's always a pleasure to come here..
3	Not quite sure how to go about reviewing the Le Mont, so I'll just go with my initial feelings throughout the meal. It was my first time here so perhaps I had higher expectations, but that never really came through. After taking my girl out to the Grand Concourse and Eleven for previous special occasions, I decided to surprise her for our anniversary by setting up reservations at the Le Mont. Upon request, I had made reservations for a Saturday night in March at 7pm and asked for a window seat being that we've never been there before and since we were celebrating something special.The place is elegant, don't get me wrong. I was quite taken back by how amazing the interior and exterior were decorated. My girl, being an architect and interior designer was in awe of the place and barley spoke to me as she was taking it all in. We liked the old school feel to it. It made us feel like we were in an episode of AMC's Mad Men dining so elegantly. We got a nice seat by the window, unfortunately it was a very dreary night so there was hardly any visibility. My luck of course haha.We were excited to get some drinks to start, but after looking over their cocktail list, there really wasn't anything special that caught our eyes. I was kind of expecting some interesting/different cocktails that I've never heard of before but not much out of the ordinary. I settled for a Manhattan on the rocks, and she a Dirty Martini. Both were made very well though.For starters, we got the shrimp bruscheta. It was actually really good. Small tomato's, red onion, cheese, greens, and a vinaigrette dressing delicately garnished the dish. For my first side, I got a salad which was very generic. It actually kinda disappointed me. There was enough french dressing drenching the vegetables that it could have been used for three salads. My girl opted for the lobster bisque soup as her first side and it was quite delicious. I wish I had ordered that instead as I kept dipping the bread we were given in her bisque. For our main dish, we both had ordered some kind of fillet off their Winter Menu which came with a soup or salad, your main dish with starch and veggies, and a desert of your choice. The fillet itself was good. Bigger than I expected actually. It was wrapped in bacon and covered in peppercorns. I enjoyed it, my girl thought there was too much peppercorn on it though and she had to scrap allot of it off. The "starch" that came with the fillet was just bland. It was like half steak fry, half home fry. That sounds good to me, but they were pretty soggy as if they had been sitting in a vat all evening under a heat lamp.  Also big long carrot sticks and asparagus came as the veggies. Carrots, I'll pass on that and the asparagus was ok, but once again nothing special in that department...The best part of the night were our deserts. I got the pecan ball which was pretty good and she got the creme brulee which tasted amazing. Our bill for 3 drinks and 2 winter special en tree's (once again you got a soup or salad, main course with starch and veggies, and a desert) came to about $120 without the tip.For how much I wanted to like the place and enjoy it and say we'll be back again, I'm not too sure about it. Maybe for drinks and appetizers in the future. Don't get me wrong, the place is gorgeous, the view is equally as good, even the valet parking was cheap for a Saturday night, but when I compare this meal/experience we've had to the Grand Concourse or Eleven (which you can also read about in my previous reviews) this experience just wasn't up to that level. The food just didn't seem to be hot out of the pan and fresh. Soggy potato's and veggies, kind of a warped salad, a little too heavy on the seasonings. This stuff is all easily fixable with some good plate presentation and fresh out of the oven/skillet consistency though.If your looking for a special place to get dressed up and impress your girl or entertain the family for a special event you might want to try it out. By no means was it terrible, but as I see its a 5 start restaruant I thought I would critique it a bit more than other places I've been too.Happy eatings my fellow Yelpers!Your's Truely, The Shaw...
1	Went to the LeMont years ago and it was great. Went back again to treat my parents for their anniversary. We had booked a table for 4 at a window at 6 pm. We had a table in the central part of the restaurant  and had to wait until 7 to be seated. The guy that seated us said that I must have forgotten to request a window seat and was rather condescending.  The food tasted like pre-made food from a freezer. I knew it would be expensive but the quality was so bad. I recently went back because a friend insisted and it was like no time had ever past. The food was terrible and cold in an uneven way like it was microwaved and tasted so bland. Go up the incline and then go somewhere else better, like McDs for food. The only thing that was good was my desert.
5	Went here twice already.. First time was a few years ago with my big family. Second time was recently for friends 5 years anniversary. Both times were excellent! Food was on point and although some of my friends showed up quite late for the anniversary dinner (and the server seemed very annoyed) throughout the night, service was great nonetheless! And of course, we cannot forget about the BEAUTIFUL view this place has to offer! Absolutely wonderful to be here on any night, any occasion.
5	Gorgeous views of the burgh!!
4	FOOD - Their lamb is fantastic. Everything else was average or above average. I also loved their cocktails, but their lobster bisque was too thick and salty and their stuffed pepper was too plain. The only thing I didnt like about the place was their valentine days menu. Other than then, I was never really unhappy walking out of Le Mont.SERVICE - Good service! Fast, nice and friendly.AMBIANCE - very formal. The view is amazing. You should call earlier to reserve a table nearby the window. The whole place looks like 19th century and is very romantic. Its very quiet in there so probably not the best place for kids, but it is a really good place for couples, soon to be couples, families, or for big groups in special events.OVERALL - Le Mont is probably one of the best restaurants amongst the ones on Mt. Washington(I've been to 5 restaurants on mt washington).
3	My wife and I took our two teen-aged nieces to the LeMont for a special dinner on a recent weeknight.  We were hoping a for a memorable evening, but we got less than that. Our service was slow and perfunctory. While the waiter was pleasant enough, empty dishes sat on the table for too long;  there was a long gap between appetizer and entrees; the dessert cart was wheeled up to our table and abandoned for 10 minutes or so while the waiter assisted with the large party seated next to us. When the waiter finally came to review the dessert selections, I had to prod him for the selections not on the cart, specifically the Bananas Foster which my wife and I wanted to try. In sum--I felt that the service was fine, but that we weren't getting the best that our waiter had. The food was, on the whole, fine. The girls both had  filet mignon, which were butterflied to accommodate their request for medium well. My wife ordered the Neptune's Feast, a seafood platter that she enjoyed, commenting that it was well seasoned and tasty. My Salmon en Papillotte was almost completely without taste, despite the crabmeat garnish. All of the entrees were served with a routine green beans and carrot mix and a twice-baked type mashed potato, sans skin, that appeared to be made in bulk and served with all of the entrees. The girls ordered chocolate cake for dessert, which they declared "yummy".  The Bananas Foster was well presented by our waiter, but the bananas could have been riper, and I'm not sure that it was flamed long enough as the sauce was quite runny compared to others I have had.  Almost predictably, the waiter forgot my requested coffee refill until we were ready to leave.Needless to say, the view was spectacular. All in all, it was an average meal, served in an average way, at an above average price in a terrific setting.
1	I recently attended a wedding at LeMont . The view is outstanding,the food was average at best.The bartender was rude to a patron and when the patron told him he was rude the bartender invited him to go outside and fight!!!!!!  What is with this place?  When a complaint was made to the manager the manager did nothing.So I guess pack your boxing gloves when you decide to eat here.
4	I've only been here once but it was a great experience. First; the view of Pittsburgh is amazing! I had the Veggie Strudel and I thought it was amazing! The only reason I'm giving it 4/5 instead of 5/5 is that I wish they had more of a mixed drink menu; its really  just wine. We had to ask them to make a certain drink but they were happy to do it. If they make a mixed drink menu, I think they would attract more people. The server was nice, kind of quiet, but nice. I recommend everyone going here!
3	I visited Le Mont for a wedding. Unbeatable view of Pittsburgh- both looking out to the beautiful landscape and looking in at my dear friends deciding to spend forever together. Drinks were strong and service was fine.Quite possibly the worst wedding food I've ever had though, and that's saying something.
2	Two stars for the view.  The lookout is beautiful and a perfect backdrop for a wedding reception.  The food... Well, it wasn't good.  So so bland.  The bread passed around was so so salty.  I couldn't eat it.  Something wasn't right about that bread.  The filet was so tough and tasteless.  They REALLY need to step it up when it comes to the food there.  That being said... I was at a wedding reception so maybe it's better in the dining room?
4	Came here after a long day at the NPC North American Championships (bodybuilding competition) as a triple date.  All three couples got the chateaubriand for two along with a variety or appetizers and different desserts.The ambiance, food and service are AMAZING!  I am definitely a fan.  The place is upscale and formal, so lean towards the side of caution and dress either dress casual or formal with a jacket.  The venue is beautifully decorated with a stellar view both inside and outside of Pittsburgh.  There was a live band the night my partner and I were there with friends.  As per the food, from the appetizers to dessert, everything was perfect and down to the dot!  The serving size for appetizers are fair and entrees are generous.For anyone seeking an intimate night with a loved one, Le Mont is definitely a place to consider.
2	Beautiful view of the city, love the elegant and retro bar, and lounge singer.  Had a table right by the window after a couple of drinks at the bar.  Generous pours. Nice atmosphere.  Tried to order a couple of nice bottles of wine that were on the list, but were told they had neither.  Food is some of the worst in the 'burgh.  Had chateaubriand to share. Couldn't finish it.  Meat and sides were bland and lukewarm.  Dessert was mediocre.  I've had much better NY style cheese cake.  I've eaten at many of the better restaurants in Pittsburgh and other major cities and many fine restaurants in Europe.  They need to completely start over with the food starting with a new chef and ingredients.  Cook some simple dishes well with quality products and good seasoning and serve it hot.  I hope they will read these reviews and make changes because I like this place. Maybe I'll have drinks and eat at the bar next time.  Reviews are overwhelmingly negative for the food.  Would expect management would get the message.  Don't know how they stay in business other than the bar and views.
2	Very beautiful! was such a gorgeous place the view was a widescreen HD version of Pittsburgh point with the ducky in the river at the time I went. There was live pianist and singer that was just great. It was so pretty and formal like something right out of the titanic. I was pretty on edge I suspected my BF would purpose to me on this night at this restaurant which later I found to be pretty cookie cutter for Pittsburgh and lacking originality. It was really a great time but I haven't gone back we have since split and it taints the place for me unfortunately because my other half knows as do I that I got engaged here lol. Other then the obvious reason for not returning lets point out the positives. Great lighting. Nice wait staff, clean presentable and possibly the best view of Pittsburgh EVER. I got a Caesar salad which the waiter made table side and I got to ask questions about anchovies paste and what he was adding in our dressing. The salad had an acquired taste but still pretty good. I got a filet with mash and carrots. The meal was great is wasn't super over flavored which allowed me to taste the quality of the beef. The meat was much better then other places in the burgh and its wasn't too expensive. The night ending bill for apps, salads, diner and dessert was only near 100 and in the end they served me with a plate, plated with a diamond ring strawberry syrup in the shape of a question mark. They were really helpful helping the ex plan and definitely could tell it was something they were used to doing but i couldn't help but feel i was just another piece of meat on their engagement assembly line. I wish the location hadn't been tainted with a failed engagement cause they are a decently priced night out for any occasion or celebration, im not saying its cheap enough to invite other guest but i would definitely recommend this place for quiet romantic dates especially at night. Just if you plan to propose do it else where, I found when i was telling my engagement story to those who asked I heard comments such as how cliche, or how original, or gee-sh who hasn't got engaged there? Don't get me wrong it was great but give your gal a creative and love felt engagement stay away from going with the grain. MAKE IT SPECIAL. Make this the anniversary spot instead lol. I do agree that below food is kinda bland and mediocre for the price.
2	OMG. That says it all. The decor is a throwback to the 50's. Big, pretty, over the top with a wonderful view.  I was waiting for the rat pack to pop out any second. This is where it ends. The menu, also from the 50's, was OK. Raspberry duck, chateaubriand, baked alaskan. Ordered escargot and it was mush over boiled spinach. Calamari was over cooked and rubber. When it was sent back the chef refused to remake stating it would be the same. I asked if the $44 a la cart steak was aged and the waitress had no idea what that meant. That was the clue.The steak was no better than standard quality with a vinegary sauce. Lamb was OK but again overcooked on ends. Asparagus was small and lacked flavor. We skipped dessert after hearing the table next us being told they were out of everything except store bought cakes.$451 later for 6 of us we left and ate a few hours later at a much better quick food place. Did i say the view was good?
2	The building and view are beautidul....and that's the only reason why I gave it two stars. The waitress had limited knowledge on fine dining cuisine, the calimari was over cooked so we told the waitress, she returned it to the kitchen and came back out asking if we wanted something else and declines to remake the dish stating "that's just how they make it. they won't make the dish again because that's how they cook it and it will come out the same way." My father asked for fresh lime in his beverage and the waitress said she'll have to check and see if they have any limes, that they didn't have many in stock. The young man filling our water and butter on the table was smacking gum so loud you could hear it across Pittsburgh. He also refilled our table water by reaching over us, so instead of pulling the water glass off the table and pouring it properly he poured the water with the glass directly ont to the table resulting in spilling ice cubes.  I had chucks of solid cheese in my pasta that wasn't melted, missing tomatoes, my dad's escargot was over cooked, my boyfriends steak was flavorful but a poor cut of meat & they ran out of half of their dessert options. Overall they are just stuck in the 1970's with their black tie outfits and old school menu. Save your money, enjoy the view from the overlook and find another restaurant with better quality.
3	Nice for a special occasion because of the view. Can't get a better view anywhere in Pittsburgh. I recommend going at night in particular for a great view of the skyline. I gave 3 stars because the food was subpar regardless of the price. Most everything was under salted. My wife's Caesar salad was supposed to be prepared table side but wasn't and didn't come out until I was finished with my lobster bisque. When the salad did come out it was soggy and the dressing lacked flavor. My wife ordered the chicken saltimbocca which was very bland. Her potatoes looked nice but were very overdone. I had the veal and shrimp dish which was very good but the risotto which was cooked perfectly lacked flavor. Overall very disappointed in the food.Service was good with a very professional waiter, good maitre'd, and excellent valet. Unfortunately the kitchen was really slow despite not being overwhelmed with guests for a Friday night.It was nice to try once for a special occasion and because of the view but I won't be a regular here.
5	I set up an initial appointment at Le Mont about 18 months in advance for our Oct '14 wedding (second wedding for both me and my wife) and considered several other well respected and highly rated venues in Pittsburgh as well.  After our initial meeting with Bill Laughlin, the Banquet Manager, I knew we were in very good hands.  While I think all brides and grooms believe their unique requirements might be forgotten in the details, I will say that Bill inspired confidence in us that things would go precisely the way we wanted.  On things we were unsure about he offered suggestions that allayed our concerns, sometimes it was just his comment to us "Don't worry I'll take care of that" that reassured us.   We came to dinner there the next evening and after a few more questions and answers Bill had all of our paperwork prepared and we put the deposit down.  Our next big planning event with LeMont was nearly a year later and that was the tasting which went extremely well...done personally for us, full sized portions of all the items we requested so we could see the meal size...very very nicely done.  I had explained to Bill that a number of our guests would be restaurant and/or winery owners, and I wanted to feature the best items on the menu.The wedding day approached and my soon-to-be-wife (who is local to Pittsburgh) did most of the coordinating and she commented how smoothly and perfect all the planning was going with Bill.  In the day or two prior to the wedding we delivered all the items we needed to have there, and all vendors told us they too had a very easy time coordinating everything with the restaurant staff.  The venue itself is truly one of the most amazing views you'll get in any city...perched atop Mt Washington overlooking the city and the stadiums.  We had great weather for the afternoon and into the night.We had our wedding ceremony and reception for about 100 guests in the larger banquet room and it all came off perfectly.  Bill and Tony orchestrated all the timing for the entrances of the bridal party, cueing the DJ, and other musicians.  The food was really excellent...how often do you hear that about a wedding?  This is first and foremost a restaurant, and the food preparation seemed much more personalized and precise than what I've experienced elsewhere for large groups.  The service was excellent throughout the night.  We had high end wines and the top shelf bar, and the bar staff was great with my crowd.  My friends from the restaurant and wine industry all remarked to me how much they enjoyed the meal.At the end of the night there were no surprises in the final billing, and my wife and I felt we had the wedding of a lifetime.  Bill, Tony, (and the owner Mr. Dunlap) made us and our guests truly feel like VIPs and we most definitely got our money's worth.   Two and a half months later I can tell you that many of our guests have contacted us to say what a great wedding we had, and how much they enjoyed the food, the service, and the beautiful venue that reminded them of a gilded-age mansion.  I would highly recommend LeMont for a wedding (or any other gala) for anyone who is looking for a Pittsburgh venue.  My sincere thanks go to Bill for all the flawless coordination over 18 months leading up the wedding, and to both Bill and Tony for outstanding execution on the wedding day.  We plan to continue to come back for many more special occasion dinners!
4	A very classy restaurant with expertly displayed meals.  Wonderful taste with much time and effort into making it.  The overall feel of LeMont is wonderful to be in and open, well done with scenery, food, and service!
