2	Great atmosphere! Like a neighborhood pub; complete with regulars, big screen t.v., beer, and food.I wasn't very impressed with the food and we had quite the variety. Big breakfast (bangers & eggs), cottage pie, curried chicken and chips, appetizers-chicken wings & gravy & chips. (chips the European style- American fries)Had a coupon so, we tried it and I don't think we will put it on our list to go back. They had a heating problem so, they had the door open and it was cold. The prices were a little on the high side. They used to much salt in their food-to my taste.
2	Decent local pub.  Food is mediocre...beer selection is not substantial.  Can get noisy and tight.  Beantown Tavern accross the parking lot is better, but only marginally.
3	They have good fish & chips when you are in the mood for  unheathly fare. When you want a great salad try the Fountains Salad.  Try their soda bread - its really good.Update - 2011 - this place is now closed.
4	I see a lot of reviews on the food, and they are typically not very good. What do you want in an Irish pub? Has anyone ever had excellent food at an Irish pub? The Irish are known for POTATOES! What do you expect? All that said, I think O'Shea's does a good job with the materials they have to work with. The fish and chips is excellent (get the haddock), and it is only $10 on Thursdays. The draft beer selection is very good (Smithwick's on tap!). The atmosphere is good, and the staff is pretty friendly. Need to talk to "once in a while" patrons more often and let the regulars fend for themselves.  ;)
5	Let's skip the fluff and get down to brass tacks: they pour the best pint of Guinness in town. Now, that said, the food is excellent (Fish'n'chips and Waterford Dip are highlights), and the service is beyond compare. Honestly, I feel like I'm drinking at home there. If you're there on a weekend, look for Barry behind the bar, and tell him Anthony sent you.
4	we came here because of a groupon deal, but it was a good atmosphere, good service, good fish and chips, good drinks. can't go wrong. too bad it's so far away!
