3	Home style cooking with a southwest flavor.  Good value.
1	Well... Richard was very generous with his 3 stars. Truth is, this place ONLY stays in business because there is NOWHERE else to go in Historic Florence, Arizona.Went here for a Groupon package deal... everyone in the restaurant was there for the same reason. I overheard the people next to us inquire as to where their food was since they had been waiting 30 minutes. The waiter replied, "Oh, I think it might still be FROZEN. Let me check, I'll have it right out."FROZEN??!?! I guess its a decent solution for an empty restaurant to be able to serve a variety of foods- since it really would be expensive to prepare everything fresh everyday and have no one to service it to...But don't admit this aloud. Advice to ALL restaurants: At least pretend like your food is fresh. :)
2	I don't understand how my office continually ends up at this place when we go out of the office to eat.Food is horrible (fake orange plasticy cheese on everything). Even the Caldo de Questo has that gross cheese. Yuck. I've eaten here MANY times and the best thing I've had have been the Huevos Rancheros (and 'the best' is a relative statement).The redeeming parts of the place are the patio and the "bar/cantina" area. Fun when you're in a group of people. They have some margarita specials during happy hour (no food specials during happy hour though) that are decent. Other than that, stay away from this place.
4	Go for the food, not the ambiance. They have a nice patio area out back that is comfortable in Spring and Fall, with a nice waterfall.  The indoor area needs an update, the decor is ugly and the booths are old - but the FOOD IS GOOD AND CHEAP and we've never had a bad meal or bad service.
5	A lot of my friends were telling me about the Mexican food at LB Inn in Florence, so I drove down to try it.  We arrived at about 3PM on a Saturday and received outstanding service.  I happen to love salsa, and theirs did not disappoint - very fresh with a hint of garlic, Mexican oregano and cumin.  All three of us decided on the lunch menu taco and enchilada plate.  I found the enchilada sauce to be very similar to what I grew up with in El Paso - wonderful and fairly mild.  Next time I will ask for them to put onions in my enchilada, though!  My taco was shredded beef and it too was excellent.  Beans and rice are very good, as well.  I definitely will return soon!
4	Looks kinda dirty and skeezy, but we gave it a shot anyway. We were pleasantly surprised.  Delicious food and great service.
2	= = = = =  MONDAY & FRIDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = =We're somewhat short on Mexican Buffets here in the Valley, especially after having lost Tradiciones, Camarones, two Pancho's, & just this month, Julio's Too in Mesa.  That made it fun to discover L & B Inn (Not "LB" in case Yelp HQ hasn't fixed it yet), & to come give it a try over here in Prisonville.  (Actually, it's a cute little town.)This Buffet was very small at only 14 items counting everything but sauces & dressings.  With that said, Tradiciones & El Penasco both actually did pull it off at this size.  Unfortunately though, this place had a number of shortcomings that added up.Mike C. joined me to give it a try today & I started with some Potato Soup that would have been good with some meatballs in it, but they were missing.  Then it was on to an "ok" salad, leaving only cheese enchiladas, beans, rice, chicken meat, taco shells, tostada shells & a couple of other toppings.  No beef for the tacos was a serious drawback!  A small bowl of chips & salsa were brought to the table for the two of us to share & they were good.Bottom line?  It just wasn't very good, & somewhat expensive too, at $8.49 including beverage, & only one trip to the Buffet line with a fairly small plate (reminiscant of the Salad Bar at My Mother's Restaurant).  Seriously Meh!     :-|     :-|
4	This girl I really like works in Florence. Since I like her so much I came out to see her for lunch on my day off. Twice in one week. We already tried the amazing Greek place so we wanted something different. So Mexican it was. Someone in her office got something from here and it looked good so we decided to give it a shot.When we pulled up to the restaurant it looked a little scary on the outside. It was pretty nice on the inside though. The hostess was very friendly. We both decided that we wanted the Pollo Fundido. Our waitress said that was a good choice.It was pretty good. Maybe a little too much sour cream but still good. Chicken was cooked very well and everything worked together nicely.This is definitely a mom and pop restaurant in a small town. Everybody knew everyone that came in and some of the customer's orders were already known also.This was another good find in this small town. I will definitely come back here if that girl ever wants to have lunch with me again.
4	We had a late lunch there today. They were busy, but the food came out hot, quick & very good. The waitress also did a nice job. The beer was nice & cold. They have a great outdoor patio area.
2	Place has gone down hill the last couple years and is now trying to make a come back, they gotta put a little more try into it though. Food has gotten back on track but service is terrible and what is it with only one complimentary bowl of chips??
4	A favourite stop of my best AZ friend. The Pollo Fundido is amazing! I have had this dish both visits. The blend of cheese is heavenly! The other menu items are equally as apetizing such as fajitas and machaca. Pricing is incredibly reasonable for the portion served. Service is friendly and quick! Worth the drive past the prisons - short trip from Queen Creek area!
4	I found this restaurant on Yelp, had great reviews!! And they were right the food was great the service was outstanding!!! I've read reviews that the restaurant is"sketchy". Its NOT!!! If your in Florence AZ give it a try!!!!!
