3	This is the place to go if you want a truly customized sandwich with seemingly every sandwich combination imaginable.  No soup or salad served here.  It's all about sandwiches.Hailing from Texas and the South, Which Wich is a very McChain atmosphere -- from the moment you walk in, grab a paper bag (in which your sub is served and on which you write your choices) to the Which Wich logo'ed Sharpies to write with.  It's on this bag (which** has an imprinted menu) that you write your choices for veggies, cheese and other ingredients.Every sandwich is $5 and you start out by making your choices, paying at the counter and watch as your bag goes up a clothesline and as your sandwich is sent through to be made, toasted, etc.  They were playing an NFL game as I watched, munched and tried to figure out what the hell I was eating. I ordered the Cuban with pork, ham, pickle slices and pepper jack. The pork was atrocious.  It was minced and microscopic like Gerber food or like someone pre-chewed it for me. It was probably just a bad choice, as I'm sure one of the 50 or so sandwiches has to be decent. The selection though is really its strength.  Every sandwich is categorized: turkey, ham, beef, pork, chicken, seafood, Italian, salads, classics, vegetarian and breakfast sandwiches. I mean they had a Shrimp Po Boy, Muffaleta, Chicken Cordon Bleu, Monte Cristo and even an Elvis Wich - with Peanut Butter, Honey and Banana.  Sideburns are additional.All in all, not a bad place, I just won't pick the Cuban next time.  Not sure if it's worth going out of your way for though.** Sorry about all the "Whichs" in here....it wasn't intentional.
3	Which wich do you want? With more than 50 to choose from, there is something for everybody.  I chose the Thank You Turkey: turkey breast, cranberry and stuffing - a Thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich. Well, I got my sandwich and it had NO cranberry and minimal stuffing, and let me tell you, I like my sandwiches STUFFED. So, with that, minus a star. To their credit they did completely remake my sandwich and the manager came to our table, apologized and gave us a warm and gooey chocolate chip cookie - YUM. I just couldn't help but compare this place to Sak's.  I am a huge Sak's fan and I always get the Improv, which is similar to the Thank You Turkey and it didn't compare. So, with that, minus another star.Not horrible, but nothing special.  It would, however, be a quick, cheap treat before or after any football/hockey game.
3	grab a bagchoose your sandwichcheck that box on the bagchoose your condimentsthen check those boxeschoose your breadthen check that boxchoose your toppingsthen check those boxes.. hand that bag to the guy behind the counter.. he makes your sandwich and then puts your sandwich in the bag. how novelsandwich could have been better.
4	Stopped in before the Coyotes/Stars game on Saturday.Like everyone else has said you pick your selection from a menu board. There are categories like 'vegetarian', 'salad-wiches', and 'breakfast' (served all day which is cool). Each category has it's own bag. You pick your bag and from there start customizing your sandwich with a red mini Sharpie marker. Lots and lots and lots of options which is pretty cool. At the very bottom of the bag you write your name so they can call you when your sandwich is done.You hand your bag to the cashier who rings you up and then clips your bag to a wire and sends it on it's way.I also ordered a banana shake which was pretty darn tasty.My sandwich had everything I wanted on it and the bread it was on was pretty tasty. I'm giving it four stars for the many options available for the sandwiches alone, the cleanliness of the place, and the efficiency of the staff. Think it would be a great place to go with a small group that couldn't agree on where to go....of course everyone would have to like sandwiches I guess.Will definitely go back when I'm in the area.
5	I had my first Which Wich experience in Dallas back in 2006. Imagine my excitement last week when we found this Which Wich outside Jobing.com Arena. I love the concept of this place. There are over 50 different sandwich combinations at Which Wich. You pick up a bag and mark options with a Sharpie to get a sandwich customized to your liking. Your sandwich is served to you in the bag when it's complete. All the subs are $5. I love the banana shake at Which Wich also. It really hits the spot. This time I chose a chicken parmigiana sandwich that was really good. This Which Wich was very clean, had Phoenix related vibes on the wall, and a friendly staff. Vibes are the large circular pieces of art on the wall. They can be different at every Which Wich location. It's simply a fun place to eat.
2	*** I"m not a local... ***I was walking around looking for a place to grab dinner. Oh, I'm here in Phoenix in the middle of the week and there's hardly anyone here where I am. But the waitor said that it generally gets busy during the weekend. Anyhow, I was trying to find something healthy to eat. Choices were sushi, Johnny Rocket, Cold Stone, and some other places. Which Wich kind of looked interesting and I thought it would be healthier since it won't be deep fried.The cashier was really cool. I told her that I wasn't from the area and asked for suggestions. She told me about the "Wicked" but I told her that it had too much meat. Her second fav was #7 which was the Grinder.I asked her how Which Wich is different from Subway. She said that subway toasted their bread and Which Wich toasted it half way and after preparing the sandwich, they toast it. I guess you can say it's a combo of Subway and Quizno's.Anyhow, the sandwich was... ok. it wasn't like a WOW, if I ever visit Phoenix I must come back. It was just ok. The environment was pretty nice although it was pretty much vacant. The whole shopping area was pretty much vacant. Anyhow, the service was pretty good. The cashier was very kind and helpful. The cost of my sandwich, bag of chips, and a drink cost about $8.50. Oh, another plus, per the cashier, you can bring Which Wich sandwiches into the AMC theatre.Btw, Which Wich has their own potato chips. I tried one, but didn't care too much for it.Enjoy!
4	Last sunday I was out with my Brother in Law and one of his friends and no one could decide on where to eat lunch.  we were downtown coming back from mesa.  and decided to come back to the west valley because we know the area.  His friend suggests Which Wich.  Which I've never had (that's a lot of which's) so we show up at westgate and I'm immediately bombarded with a world of sandwich possibilites not yet known to me.  I like the concept of using the sandwich bag to write down your order and customize it.  not sure how the food is I be safe and order a muffeletta nurturing my love affair with all things olive, I even checked the box next to black olives, so I'd be getting olives on top of my olives.  When in line I notice they have their own kind of natural/home made chips, so I pick up a bag.first I tried the chips and found they were nice and crunchy as well as perfectly seasoned.the sandwich wasn't the best I've ever had, but was still very good, the Olive tampenade spread was a bit lacking and thinly applied., but the sandwich was well prepared and still very tasty.  the sandwiches are only about 8 inches so if you've got your A-game appetite go somewhere else or order 2, otherwise good size for lunch.They advertised a surf and turf sandwich with roast beef and seafood, maybe next time I'll be bold enough to try it.
3	Running between meetings I had a couple of minutes to grab something to eat and this place was on the way.  So it's a new idea for a sandwich place, you place your order on the bag that your sandwich will be in.  You don't talk to anyone really about what will or will not be in the sandwich, it's all checkboxes.  Very easy and allowed me to return 2 phone calls while I waited for them to build my custom sandwich.  They were pretty quick on the fulfillment part and the sandwich came out as expected.  Nothing to rave about, other than when in a hurry, it's pretty straight forward and next to nothing to slow the process down.
3	A very  good sandwhich shop!  My boy and I stopped in here after a movie at the AMC.  They have a neat concept with the bags on the wall where you mark your items.My only wish is that they had cold sandwhiches as well as the toasted variety.  I am not always (rarely in fact) in the mood for a toasted sandwhich.The italian sandwhich I got though was delicious.NOM NOM NOM
4	This is my fav "fast food" place out there!The first time I tried Which Wich was when I was working the NHL All Star Game in Dallas. In the local mall's food court, I saw this new sandwich place. So I grabbed some sandwiches for my coworkers and we all loved it!I noticed they put one in Westgate a couple years ago and have been going quite a bit.The sandwiches are hot and you really get what YOU want. Sorry Subway, now you know why I haven't emailed or texted. The turkey, chicken and hummus are great sandwich choices. Do yourself a favor and for an xtra $2, get double meat. I eat lunch here at least 2x a week!
3	I had this tailgating on Sunday for the cards greenbay game. It was very tasty and had a lot of flavor. One thing was it was a smaller portion than I expected. By the why it's better that any subway or blimpys.
4	Good sandwiches, nice fresh bread and ingredients. This place reminds me of the Potbelly Sandwich chain back home.
5	Why is everyone else writing their reviews on the listing on Hanna?? Wrong address peeps!So I had been wanting to eat here for a while, but everytime I come to Westgate it was to meet friends at one of the big restaurants there.So I came here today on my own for lunch. It was pretty easy to figure out how to order (you pick a bag by number that corresponds to the category number on the menu then you choose your toppings)I got the Ruben with provolone and thousand island and I substituted the sauerkraut for  coleslaw and it came toasted. I also ordered the house chips which are homemade potato chips with salt and pepper.So I got my sandwich and was surprised at how small it was. It was significantly smaller than the sandwich places I normally go to. So I ignored the size and dove in. WOW! The bread was so good. Toasted without being dry, light. The meat was perfectly cooked, not chewy like the last sandwich I ordered at another place, the coleslaw was so good and flavorful, juicy without dripping all over the place. The chips were also really good! Now the sandwich was smaller than I am used to but it wound up being the perfect size. It was so good I can't wait to go back!
5	Why is everyone else writing their reviews on this listing on Hanna?? Wrong address peeps!The actual address is:9404 W Westgate Blvd # C102Glendale, AZ 85305-3151(623) 977-9424So I had been wanting to eat here for a while, but everytime I come to Westgate it was to meet friends at one of the big restaurants there.So I came here today on my own for lunch. It was pretty easy to figure out how to order (you pick a bag by number that corresponds to the category number on the menu then you choose your toppings)I got the Ruben with provolone and thousand island and I substituted the sauerkraut for  coleslaw and it came toasted. I also ordered the house chips which are homemade potato chips with salt and pepper.So I got my sandwich and was surprised at how small it was. It was significantly smaller than the sandwich places I normally go to. So I ignored the size and dove in. WOW! The bread was so good. Toasted without being dry, light. The meat was perfectly cooked, not chewy like the last sandwich I ordered at another place, the coleslaw was so good and flavorful, juicy without dripping all over the place. The chips were also really good! Now the sandwich was smaller than I am used to but it wound up being the perfect size. It was so good I can't wait to go back!
4	Anytime I am in the Glendale area I love stopping in.  I have only ordered one kind of  sandwhich from this place, and will always order it. They are very good and I love the fact that you can get your sandwich any way you want it.  Will continue to go back.
3	I've been eying this place for awhile. Each time I've gone to a concert or hockey game I've debated on trying this place out. Well, finally I gave in before a hockey game.My toasted pastrami sandwich was very good, but I found the sandwich small in both length and width. I would have expected a bit more for $5.25. I could eat two of these sandwiches without a problem.I had a great oreo milkshake with my meal. There are several shake flavors to choose from-chocolate, vanilla, strawberry and pineapple (who knew?).   I'm always a fan of crushed ice for drinks.The shake and sandwiches were fixed within just a few minutes of ordering and paying.I think the concept of ordering the sandwich by marking your choices on the paper bag and then handing off to the cashier is catchy. This process is pretty cool and unique compared to other delis/sandwich shops in the area.My final rating is 3.5,
5	So the boyfriend and I were an hour early for the Coytoes vs. Blackhaws yesterday, so we figured we'd get some food. We had planned on going to the BBQ place, which ended up having a 45-50 minute wait, as did Johnny Rockets, so we walked BACK to Which Wich. I was delightfully surprised! The little bags you mark your sandwich fixings on are charming, and super efficient. The folks behind the counter were cheerful, and the sandwich was delish!!Perhaps one of the BEST sandwiches I've ever eaten!
3	I have eaten here twice and I find the sandwiches to be pretty tasty and that is about it. You pay 5.75 for a sandwich and that is all you get! Very expensive for a tiny toasted sandwich. It's a shame that it is so overpriced because it would otherwise be a nice place for lunch.
5	When it comes to sandwiches, Which Wich has it down!  They may not be the largest sandwiches, but there are times with quality wins out over quantity, and this is one of those times!The variety available to you beats out any other sandwich shop in town (INCLUDING subway and the like), and you will find yourself having unexpected cravings for these sandwiches once you've tried your first.The music is a bit too loud most of the time, but the service is friendly and fast, and the hard-to-find crushed ice is a must since it is so rare these days (lets face it, what QT calls crushed ISN'T!).If you're not sure, go to the website, and join the club ... they send you an email for a free sandwich.  What better way to try them out, than with a free sandwich, right?
4	When I walked in....I was like "WTF". There were bags on the wall and some red sharpie markers on a counter. It took me a minute to figure it out (I'm about a green in the box of crayons...not bright like yellow, but not dark like midnight blue). Any who, the sandwiches all looked great, and I decided on the Club. It was a different kind of club than you would find at say Subway, since it had ham, turkey, and bacon, instead of roast beef. On said bag, you mark which ingredients you would like, hand it to the cashier and wait. It wasn't terribly busy, so the wait time was about 5.5 minutes. When I got back to the shop (I was eating with a friend @ her hair salon...great place BTW), I was pleasantly surprised. The bacon wasn't that crap microwave stuff, and it was just delectable. The sub was perfect...not too big, not too small, juuuuusssst right! They do toast it, and I'm not a big fan of toasted subs, but it was about a 2.5 on the toasted scale, and that made me happy! I would definitely come here again, as the subs were great, the speed of service was great, EVERYTHING was great!
5	What a way to make your sub for only 5 bucks!!  You have the choice of all kinds of meats and toppings plus killer shakes too!!  If you need a quick fix or want to sneek food into the movies stop by here you will not be disappointed!  Turkey pastrimi, buffalo chicken and gyro meats are to die for.  Just grab a sharpe. write your name on the top of the bag and check off the things you want on the sub..  that simple - well for some...  Its hard for me to pick what I want.
3	This is a solid little sub shop in Westgate Center. The ordering process is a little different from most places. Instead of walking up to counter and telling an employee what you want, you grab a brown bag off the wall and mark what you want with a Sharpe. It seems a little odd at first, but this actually helps speed up the process (which takes a little bit of time since all of the subs are toasted). Like any sub shop, there's a huge selection of meats and toppings, and you can stuff any sandwich with nearly anything you can think of. The price is also pretty good at less than 6 bucks. However, the basic sub is not enough to satisfy a normal appetite for more than an hour or two. Your best bet is to either get a side of chips, or go for extra meat (dollar upcharge), or double meat (2 dollar upcharge). That's really my only gripe with Which Which. I would give it four stars, but once you start paying for the extras, you're getting close to gourmet sandwich prices, for subs that are significantly smaller than Quizno's or Jimmy John's.  If you're looking for something sweet, I highly recommend a shake or malt.  It's way better at Which Which than at most burger places!One thing to note, the employees here are always really friendly and cool. They deserve five stars. I've stopped by here a few times over the past couple of years, and never had a bad experience with any of them. They always seem to be having a good time behind the counter.If you're heading to an event at the arena or stadium, this a great spot to grab a bite before heading in to save some cash on concessions.  But Which Which certainly isn't a place that I would hop into my car and drive out of my way to.
5	Love it! All sandwiches are $5.25 and toasted! (they have one supreme one that is like 4 or 5 meats that cost a $1 more) SCORE! Cute little kids menu, for $3.75? or so. I was amazed with every bite. Had the grinder from the Italian category. So so sooooo good! Grab the bag with the category you want at the top, pick your bread, toppings, condiments, and write you name at the bottom, give to the cashier, and wait for you name to be called. DIG IN! So seem less and easy. The bread was so perfectly crunch and soft at the same time. The only thing I could complain about was when you eat your sandwich the fillings are one bite and the meat is your next. This normally makes me annoyed but with this place I did not care, I had to consciously eat slowly so I wasn't done in 5 minutes. What a good reason for me to head to Westgate and see a movie, even if I've passed several theaters on the way. I can not wait to try something else. What I had: wheat bread grinder (salami, capicola, and pepperoni), with pepper jack, dijon mustard, FAT FREE Mayo (what who has this, MAJOR Plus for me), red onions, lettuce, tomato, pickles, cucumbers, bell peppers (they were red), black olives, vinegar, oregano, parmesan, and garlic. Wow, that's a lot, but it was my first time, I had to put it to the test, plus i'm weird and love my sammies stacked. The end.
4	I was definitely confused upon entry, as this was my first time at any Which Wich.It's a little overwhelming with all the choices but I really like the brown bag where you select all your own toppings.  There's just enough options without being too many to read through and the process is efficient.  Plus your wich is toasty and warm in your hands just a few minutes later.The highlight is, amidst the chaos of westgate, when you don't want to sit down for a meal with waitstaff, or wait 2+ hours in line for a table when the game starts in 2 hours, and you don't want bad stadium food, this is the perfect option.  It's fast, it's easy, it's GOOD.In fact, I'd return for a wich at another location.
5	You have got to try this place!  I love the concept of writing what you want on the bag your sandwich comes in.  It speeds up the line since there never is one because the slow pokes are still figuring things out on the sidelines and you can bolt right by them if you know what you are doing.  The ingredients are always good and fresh, plus the way they grill the sandwich it always comes out so perfectly blended and tasty.  Cant say enough about this place except they need more locations, I have to make a special visit if I am craving this place or plan my day around it when i get close by.
2	I've been here twice and both times I wished I had gone somewhere else.  I'm ok with the ordering process, where you pick a bag and write what you want on it, fork it over to the cashier and in about 5 mins they call the name on the bag for you to pick up.  The first time I had some type of shrimp sub, the shrimp were tiny, breaded, cold and just gross.  The sandwhich size is small, in this case I was glad because I didn't want to gag down a huge sandwhich nor throw away a huge sandwhich.  The veggies are not crunchy or crisp like they would be if they were fresh- they were actually soggy like they were old. The next time I went with turkey thinking that was a safe bet.  NOPE.  It was still as gross as the first time, just with a different meat.  I was not impressed and would choose Subway over this place.
5	Soooo many sandwiches to choose from.  There's 60 different choices.  Try the black bean patty!  It's yummy!
5	This place is awesome. Learned about it in California, so glad there is one close to me out here in Arizona. I like this place more than Subway. The sandwichs here are much better for they grill them, and the customization of these sandwichs fit way better than Subways. Sorry Subway, I had to change.
5	Had an awesome sammy here. You grab a paper bag and mark the sandwich and toppings you want. Perfect bread and fresh toppings. Best sammich ive had in a very long time
3	No bad for a chain.
3	Which Wich has a unique ordering method.  You walk in and fill out your sandwich order on pre-printed paper bags.  Each bag is categorized by base type (Italian, veggie, etc.).  You fill it out with your sandwich selection and all the toppings, add your name to the bottom of the bag and turn it over to the cashier.I grabbed the "Italian" bag and ordered the pepperoni sandwich.  I opted for the combo with a beverage and chips.  The chips were very good and from a local company (the name I've forgotten) and they had Mello Yello in the pop dispenser (yes, I said "pop").  That's a major bonus for me.  The pepperoni sandwich was pretty damn good.  Based on the food quality Which Wich is a solid 4 stars.  I've opted to drop it to 3 stars because I don't think the price is good for the size of the sandwich.  The combo set me back over $8 for a 7 inch sandwich.  I understand that anything at Westgate is overpriced but it still irked me a bit.I'd love to see a Which Wich open up closer to me (perhaps with better prices).  I won't go out of my way but if I need a bite to eat before a hockey game again, Which Wich will likely be my stop for grub.
5	Wow!!! This was my first time eating here and it was great! I had the Chicken Pesto on white with lettuce, tomato, olive salad. It was SO good I wish u had gotten the large!!! Can't wait to go back!
2	Ok. we had an hour before our movie and decided to go here and eat. I thought food tasted OK. Just Ok.Negatives:- Portion size made this a  no deal !  I paid $2.50 for "double meat"  on TOP of the $7 for a small ham and bacon,   good thing I did, because there was BARELY any meat on it and certainly not enough to make this a $10 sub.... add another $2 for a bag of chips and soda.-Wife said she couldn't taste any meat at all and should have just bought the veggie sandwich..-she also said it was bland and she wouldn't go back.Plusses:-it about the cheapest meal at Westgate without "dining" on movie theater food. (which is unhealthy and expensive.)- You choose your toppings and they were very fresh.- You order by using a sharpie to fill out a brown paper bag, when is delivered with your sandwich in it...kind of a neat gimmick, especially if you are there with Kids or adults with ADHD:)- Bread was good crisp on outside but didn't break your jaw chewing.-There was absolutely NO sign of Justin Bieber in this restaurant.
4	I love love love Which Wich. We enjoy sandwiches here often when we go to Westgate and so happy that it continues to do well. The staff is fun and friendly. The process of ordering your sandwich is unique and interesting. The sandwiches though...oh my. They are so yum. The bread is fresh, chewy on the inside, crunchy on the outside. The deli meats are cut when you order the sandwiches and the condiments are just perfect! Whether you get it cold or toasted, you can't go wrong at Which Wich. And try the "house" chips. They are seasoned perfectly! :)
5	Very friendly and a good selection of different sandwich's.
3	First time coming here.  We got a beef sandwich which was pretty good but their gyro sandwich came with very little meat.  This means a lot coming from me b'c I typically don't like to eat that much meat.  The sandwiches are more expensive than Subway but I would say only slightly better, if that.  I'm not a big sandwich person so maybe I am being a little picky.  I would say definitely try it once and see how you like it.
2	Had the Cuban sandwich. Not what I expected for a Cuban. I will need to try something else.
5	very good, very refreshing, very fresh with a very creative spin on how to make a good sandwich, all in all my new favorite sandwich spot. fukk subway lol...
4	Great sandwiches.  Chicken Cordon Bleu was my favorite.  Used to go every Tuesday during work lunch for double stamp Tuesday.  Friendly staff, big with the Westgate businesses.  Expect long lines however on Tuesdays, and Cardinals or Coyotes game days.
5	Very good food. Great flavors and amazing bread. Very friendly staff too
5	Came in10/27/2012. This is what a sandwich should be. This is a slice of heaven. Best damn sandwich!
2	I went here today for the first time with about 15 co-workers.  I'm sure they were not expecting that many people on a random Tuesday during the lunch hour, but that is no excuse for unorganized, slow service.  So, the idea here is you fill out a form to place your order (and put your name on it), and it becomes the paper bag that holds your completed sandwich.  They put the order up on a wire and push it on down the line as they put it together.  Simple system that keeps the orders in order and you pick up your sandwich when they call you name.  Yet, my very simple turkey sandwich wasn't ready until after 5 other people's sandwiches who ordered after me.  How do you screw that up?  Another of my co-workers had the same thing happen with his order.  And their sandwiches were just as basic as mine and his.Then, as I said, I ordered a turkey sandwich, however, I truly had to take apart my sandwich to see if there was any turkey on it.  There was, but it was so minimal, I might as well have ordered the vegetarian option.  My new job is within walking distance of this Which Wich, and I will not be going here again.
4	Great lunch spot. If you are hungry they are your place. Service is terrific. Not the cheapest sandwich, but you get what you pay for.
5	GREAT tasting sandwiches. I like the idea of building your own sandwich. There's plenty of cheeses, veggies and dressings to choose from. The bread is awesome, especially when you order it toasted. It has that perfect crunch on the outside and softness on the inside.
4	Good Samich, I got the Italian sub. If this company really wants knock it out of the park, they will drop the hot pepper spread which contains chopped celery, and carrots, i dont think that spread had any pepperz in it. They should offer a real pepper spread like you find in Samich shops on the east coast. It's a crushed cherry pepper spread, this will dial these samiches into another dimension.
5	So let's see.....your hungry.....you want an awesome sandwich.....Buffalo Chicken....Cheddar Cheese.....Chipotle Mayo......on Toasted Wheat Bread. Sounds great right....but how about I add the fact that you can simply take a Sharpie....mark all these items on a brown bag and hand it to the cashier. You can also use the same method for for ordering cookies or your favorite shake. The sandwiches are the star at this establishment though and the concept is in a word is.....LEGENDARY....LOL!!! The sandwiches come in 7 inch.....10.5 inches and 14 inches. They also have combos which is what I had the day I visited. I had the Large combo which comes with a 10.5 inch sandwich....bag of chips and 32 oz drink with free refills. All of this delicious food and drink for only 10 bucks tax not included. I wouldn't recommend driving a long distance for this great concept.....as well as the food...but if your near one don't hesitate to treat yourself. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
1	Ill be calling the manager in the morning. I love which wich and couldnt wait to take my 12 guests there! Especially for the shakes! And we walked in at 7:38pm on a sunday afternoon to be asked if were getting it to go. So we decided to still eat but take our food outside. Sadly i would be missing the refills of amazing tea they carry but i guess thats ok if i have to miss it. So We wrote up our orders and gave em our 6 milk shakes with our several sandwhich orders and then we were informed they were " out of milkshakes" hmm and the trash cans were already covered up with chairs. They arent trying to get out early at all! Or lying about the shakes being out because the machines are cleaned 22 minutes before the already early close. Infact they close earlier than any restaraunt in the whole area. Sad to say i love this place but they have some employees that need training or something. Ill find out in the morning i guess
5	EHRRMEGHERRD WHICHWICH! I love whichwich, by far my favorite sandwich shop, spicy mayo and horseradish mustard on my sandwich?! yes please!!
4	This place is pretty much amazeballs! so many options! almost too many options ;) we love to hit this little sub shop when we have the kids with us, since there is definitely something for everyone here. Not only is there an astounding amount of sandwiches to choose from, your options for customization are endless... so many sammies, so little time :) Some highlights:-fresh bread, toasted to perfection-awesome ice (trust me on this, the ice is awesome ;)-delicious shakes-healthy options (to counteract the shake you just ordered ;)
4	Hey this is a great place for a sandi if you planning to see an event an event at Westgate!   It's a creative way to create "which wich" or what we call a sandi, you are craving for.   They offer a variety of proteins to choose from and/or you create a veggie sandwich!  The kiddos and adult enjoy their process of selecting what they want on a paper bag using a sharpie.  They offer homemade chips or sun chips ~ both are great options to choose with your sandwich.  Some tips; check to see if they are offering a Yelp check in!  When we were there last, we received a free homemade cookie that was delish!  If you're feeling artistic, get creative using one of their sharpies and decorate your brown bag.  Hang it next to some of the other local artist renderings and enjoy your master epic :-)
4	Wandered in here while we were at Westgate, and this place is pretty awesome. I had a toasted Elvis sandwich (peanut butter, honey, banana, bacon) and it was delicious even if it did taste more like dessert than lunch. Hubby had an Italian meat sandwich and loved his as well. I like the different size options for sandwiches, and the prices seemed reasonable enough. The cookies were good and fresh, or at least served warm, and the service was friendly and helpful.
4	Check in bonus of a tasty cookie. I'm not above accepting bribes!This was my first (and hopefully not last) visit. Sandwiches were great. Prices seemed fair. And the system is great for grabbing office lunch. I was skeptical going in. But this place really does seem worth any higher prices compared to other sub shops.
2	Ok sandwich but the portions are small and it's overpriced. I won't be back.
4	Stopped by here after the Cardinals game. Went to the Yard House for a beer first and rather than wait for a table for 30 minutes we decided to try out Which Wich; what a great choice that was. The wicked sandwich was wicked huge and the medium was too big to even finish. Only thing is be careful when you're filling out your bag drunk, those marks are taken seriously and when you accidentally put cucumber they put it on there. Put as much as you'd like on, no extra charge for pesto either. Great sandwich, great portions, great price. Not going to be in Glendale much, but definitely will check out the new location on Mill Ave.
5	Awesome sandwich and conceptBeen a loyal customer since 2010 at this placeStopped going to other sandwich placesItalian sandwich is the bestI get to put whatever I want in itLove the concept
5	Delicious food, great service and a really clean restaurant. And the sandwiches are completely customizable, my favorite part
3	The food is good. I really like the unique menu and ordering system they have with the paper bags. It's definitely a worth while stop but quality and taste wise they aren't far off of what subway has to offer.. but their prices are quite a lot higher. It's a fun thing to try once.
3	My wife brought me home a sandwich from here and it was delicious. So, on our trip out to Westgate to catch an early morning movie, we decided to stop by here and grab lunch. First, the food is great. It is a bit pricey (e.g., $10 a sub), but the quality is worth it. Second, my only complaint is the atmosphere of this place. I don't know if it was because the store had opened less than an hour before, but I did not feel welcome here. It was synonymous with, "What do you want? Okay, get your food and go." We had lunch in this place and if a pin needle fell, we'd all probably dive to the floor because of such a loud noise occurring. The workers here said nothing to anyone. Instead, they'd appear from the back of the place, walk across the lobby, and then return to the back without really doing anything. All in all, the food is great, but you better get it to go. This place has a worse atmosphere than the morgue.
1	Don't waste your money or your time.What's wrong with this place:1) You have to fill out a paper form to order your sandwich. This wouldn't be so ridiculously moronic if you didn't ALSO have to wait while the person working the register has to type in everything you just hand wrote down on the brown paper sack your sandwich ends up being delivered to you in.2) The wait. Waiting. I'm still waiting... Now we have ONE of the two sandwiches from our order... 10 minutes later... finally we have our entire order. 10 minutes after we placed the order. TEN PLUS MINUTES FOR A SANDWICH. I don't mean to be overly negative, but at Subway I not only watch them make and toast my sandwich, it takes about four minutes from start to finish if there's no one in line ahead of me. This was the case at Which Wich. No one was ahead of me and I waited more than ten minutes per sandwich. Between having to fill our an order form by hand, waiting for the woman behind the counter to enter that form, then waiting for them to make the sandwich it took nearly 20 minutes. That is an abysmal failure of service. 3) The food is just not worth the price or the wait. My sandwich was $9.00, it took more than 10 minutes to make, and I honestly couldn't finish it. I ordered a turkey sandwich, my wife order a turkey and ham club. In both cases the meat was minced. To be clear I mean it was chunked and what could only be described as put through a grinder so that the texture of the meat was unrecognizable to the original source of said meat. It was disgusting. It wasn't edgy, interesting, or unique. It was just gross. I literally couldn't finish it.What's REALLY wrong with this place:1) It feels like the concept was designed by a fifth grade teacher. It's essentially designed to make you follow a process that is both totally unnecessary and repetitious.  2) When I asked the woman at the counter if I could just tell her what I want she said, "No." After I filled out the paper bag and handed it to her she asked me, "Did you figure it out okay?" So what she's really asking is if I'm too stupid to fill out a form. Thanks for insulting me, then serving me terrible food for which I over paid. 3) All the food on a single order should come up at the same time. By the time my sandwich FINALLY appeared, my wife was more than half done with her food. The entire process on which this restaurants is based is designed to create a "UNIQUE" customer experience that really just translates into a stupid waste of time. What's good about this place:Nothing. Seriously. Don't go here.
5	I simply ADORE Which Wich. This is my second favorite sandwich place of all time (Sacks is #1) I love the Veggie Tomato/Avocado sandwich. They do not skimp on the avocado!!!  Everything is fresh and delicious. The bread is toasted perfectly. The shakes are outstanding. And I LOVE that they have crushed ice (tiny cubes)!!! The also have mellow yellow which is fun to see on a fountain for some reason. The sandwiches are good sized. The medium is usually too much for me but I order it anyway. I can't get enough of this place. I'm a regular!  Highly recommend!
2	Very disappointed.  Loved this place when they opened but this time I was disappointed.   Tea had a bad flavor, tables were dirty, son said meatballs tasted funny and no sauce and my turkey coleslaw was bland.   Bread didn't seem like anything special.  Too expensive for below average food.
5	Love this place! Their sandwiches are awesome and their employees are super courteous. They also give military a free drink. If you're looking for a quick and low priced sandwich come here!
4	Good location, good food, a little pricey, okay service. Will go back for the fresh subs!!
4	This is still one of my favorite places to get a sandwich these days.Which Wich is a quick service restaurant. You do have to wait a little bit longer to get your sandwich than you would at most quick service places though. The price is also a little high, but is about the same as what you would pay at Quiznos and other similar sandwich places.This restaurant uses a unique way to take your order. You grab a sandwich bag and a marker at the front and you fill in bubbles on the bag to select your order.I love the Italian Grinder and the chocolate chip cookies are also very good. One random thing I love about this restaurant is the crushed ice in the soda machines. I personally find the food here to be very tasty and to me it is worth the price and the wait. I would recommend getting the sandwich toasted. I think its much better that way, but it depends on your taste.
2	Ok sandwiches. Nothing spectacular. Convenient to the nearby movie theater. I had BLT and it was made with bacon bits. Disappointing.
3	Unique spot to grab a sandwich with your choice of toppings and sauces. Instead of being rushed through a line at subway, you can take your time and put together the perfect sandwich of your liking all on a brown paper bag. You do this by deciding the type of sandwich you want, chicken, Italian etc., grab that bag and a marker and fill out the rest. The varieties are endless. The bread is soft yet crusty and the milkshakes are a must! The only thing I've noticed that I really don't like, is the saltiness in the meat. Maybe it's only the chicken because that's what I usually get. But it just tastes like there's high sodium content. Other than that, I really enjoy a which wich sandwich. Oh yeah one more thing, I added bacon to my sandwich, I was expecting a slice of bacon but what I got was bacon pieces. I won't be ordering bacon anymore.
4	Love the idea and being able to build your own sandwich. I had the pulled pork and my girlfriend built her own. She loves it because she always wants a million things on her sandwich. Very friendly attentive staff sandwiches came out quick will be back
1	Staff was pleasant and helpful yet both my wife and I thought this was a one and done situation.  I try and only leave reviews that are positive or to business owners as feedback.  This one is the latter. My wife ordered a small gyro.  She said the sandwich was dry and the meat was non existent.  She said the bread tasted old, and the sandwich could of used a tasty sauce and more fresh vegetables.   I ordered a double meat pastrami.  The meat was very salty and I also thought my roll was stale.  Very minimal toppings and dry.  I didn't bother eating the large half of the sandwich due to lack of interest.    Product needs improvement.  My opinion of your bread would be to replace.  Stale or not.  No flavor.
4	This place was awesome. You order by writing what you want on the corresponding sandwiches bag, it's great. I had a delicious hot sub while my buddy enjoyed the gyro and shake greatly. Definitely recommend.
3	I like the bags that you make your selections on. I picked the Italian bag and checked off Meatball, Small, White, Hot Wich, Provolone & Parmesan, Marinara, Oregano. The guy rang us up more quickly than past visits. Got a few punches on my punch card. My sub came out piping hot! The marinara is not very "saucy" and mostly tomato chunks. The meatballs were pretty good and the bread is soft. This is not a cheap sandwich place. And I don't like their chairs- hard pieces of wood on wobbly metal legs.
2	Love this place usually, but this is hands down the slowest and most sub-par service I've ever had at one of these. The majority of people in line when I first got here left before ordering because it was so slow
