4	I have shopped here for about 2 yrs now. The quality is fairly consistent and so is the high price. =P  The selection is wide, and during holidays, they push out special desert cakes.  I have yet to try their bread and chocolates though.Things I've tried:Candied pecan cookie, chocolated-coated mascarpone cookie, morning bun, almond croissant, French cheese braids, chocolate truffle cake, etc. The big pluses are the right amount of butter and sugar in their pastries. It is never too sweet or too oily.  The right use of butter also gives a desirable texture as well.  The cakes have very fine layering (4 layers over 2.5in height), which makes the flavors of the cream blends very well with the cakes when you warm it up to room temperature.
4	After spending a month in Europe, I was very excited to come back to Madison and rediscover Clasen's European Bakery. Though the shop is about ten times bigger than any bakery in Europe, you can find some pretty authenic goods, and the kitchen is said to be staffed by German master bakers. Of course, nothing tasted quite the same as the real European thing, and you are sure to find some pretty standard American bakery there as well.Clasen's doesn't look like too much when you first walk in, but who cares when you have a warehouse of good to gawk at? There are shelves and shelves full of cookies, desserts, breads, sweetbreads, etc! Everything I've tried is quality and very fresh. Be sure to come early for the best selection.Prices are decent, but the staff can be grumpy. There is ususally a sale or special deal to look for on one of the store's front tables, and a wide selection of holiday items. Also don't miss the sampling area near the back.
1	This one is a big fail. After having been told numerous times that I had to go to Clasen's Bakery, I finally went. What I found was a large room filled with unappetizing, boring baked goods. Nothing in here did I want, or have any desire to try. There were loaves of bread, but the selection is better at Whole Foods or Willy Street Co-op. The cookies had the panache and flair of the garbage that is sold in Starbucks. Chocolate chip, peanut butter, sugar? What is so European about any of this? Greenjim H said about high prices? I am not sure what he bought, I saw nothing that would be classified as high priced. The pastries were as boring as the cookies, danish, morning bun?I don't know how this classifies as a European bakery. This is an average bakery, in a very far out of the way place. I am sure there are better places to go to grab a loaf of bread and a cookie.
3	This Place has noting on Italy, but for Madison is gets a pass. They server free coffee, have good bread and baked treats.
4	I was pleasantly surprised at the wonderful selection of candies, cookies, pastries, bread to be found here! All fresh and ready to eat. Staff was very helpful and professional and friendly. Place was bright and clean. A mouth-watering experience! Already looking forward to my next visit.
1	I ordered a birthday cake for the first time through Clasen's. Due to the flu going through our house, I had to reschedule the party and the cake for the following week. the Baker did not get my cancellation and baked the cake. Clasen's said they were sorry and not to worry about it. When I picked up the cake the following week it was stale. my guess is they just kept the cake in the fridge until I picked it up the following Friday. I called to let them know they apologized and said they would call me back. I never heard from them. :( Disappointing.
2	It was near my birthday, I was in the area, and I wanted a croissant.It wasn't as good as I had hoped. I like my croissants light, buttery, and flakey. A nice exterior with a good "bite" to it is a must. Sadly, my croissant was none of these things. It was doughy and heavy. I wasn't pleased with it.Before the disappointment of the croissant, I managed to get a simple of a brownie they had on special. The brownie was good. Not life changing, not memorable, jut good. Unfortunately, "Good" does not bring me back into places too often, and especially when things are overpriced.
5	OMG. Go early and get everything you have ever wanted in European carb form. Yus Yus Yus.
4	Mmmmm....morning buns with coffee.  I had no idea this place was here, and I felt like a kid in a candy store. I'll definitely be back for the artisan breads.
5	After walking around & viewing their huge selection of goodies, I had to look  up to avoid temptations hahaha.... they offer free samples of current goodies & coffee... had every flavor you could think of for cookies, cupcakes, muffins, breads, some candies..... I WILL RETURN....
4	I usually pick up their buns at outpost in Milwaukee and I've been a fan.  We stopped at the bakery in Madison and was impressed at their selection.  For natural ingredients and consistent quality baked goods this place is it.
4	It was my German professor who first introduced me to this place. During my course works, a very nice and smart professor whose class I took last year, frequently brought some German chocolate cakes to our class! Of course, we loved them! No offense to anyone who likes overly sweet stuff, the cakes from this European bakery are not sugary; they're just sufficiently sweet!This dear professor continued to bring not only the delish cakes, but also some Christmas sweets, also from the same bakery! and again, I fell for them. After interviewing my dear professor, I learned about this place and she gave me a very food review.Too bad, it took me almost a year to finally give this place a try! On one chilly Saturday morning, I drove myself to Middleton only to treat myself some sweet breakfast! Arriving at around 10AM, I found myself astonished: the bakery is so spacious and has lots of variety! What do you need for breakfast? You name it, and they have it! Breads, cakes, sweets, croissants, among other stuff are for you to savor!Two birthday cakes for my dear friends have been ordered from here and they both loved it very much: "Thank you, Nelly! It was a very good choice." And everyone devoured the cake happily :)Come here for some delicious, not too sweet cakes and sweets! You'll fall for them at the first bite :D. Trust me on this! :D
