3	This place has changed hands so many times it is hard to keep up. I think it was most recently Town Tavern and Brick and Barrel before that.It is a great place to grab an after work pint as the main level is a cozy room with upgraded decor from the last palce.However at night, the basement is a dance club. I have not been down there since it became SIP but I do recall losing my hearing for a day down there as the enclosed space traps in whatever beats the DJ is throwing out there. It was a good dance venue though as long as you're not claustrophobic.One perk to going to SIP is that they supposedly have a working relationship with Fitzgerald's who will validate your parking at the 5th St garage. That is a huge bonus Uptown.
3	I went this weekend hoping to go to Town Tavern, but I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of SIP. It was already in dance club mode by the time I got there, and it was a ton of fun. We got to wobble all night long while drinking fairly cheap beer (cheap for uptown). While I'm sure it's cozy and a nice place to grab a beer after work, I was amazed at how quickly it changed it's atmosphere to a club and how much fun it really was. I hope to go back soon to get the full SIP experience.
1	Not a bar i'd recommend. They try to attract the club scene, but on the weekends it's overly crowded, the music is ridiculously loud (makes it impossible to talk to your friends), and worst of all they're always kicking people out. Though I would expect a lot of drunk people around this area, but i've heard and seen a few myself where the bouncers they employ have very hot heads. If you go downstairs it usually has an odor, like there isn't any ventilation. There are much better bars/clubs in uptown than this place.
2	I went in last night and tried to use a yelp coupon for 25% off for checking in and the bartender told me they wouldn't accept it so I wasn't happy about that so fair warning to other yelpers.Fairly cheap drinks and there is usually not a cover.  Mainly this is the only reason I go to this place.  It used to be Town Tavern and the only thing they really did to change it was some new paint, a cooler looking bar, and raised the price of drinks.  Budlight bottles are 3 dollars here which is pretty average for anywhere around uptown.
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars. I've been here a couple of times (only because it's one of the few places on the block that doesn't have a cover charge) and have consistently been disappointed. My most recent visit was plagued with terrible service and an extremely unfriendly and aggressive staff. If you like being treated with shocking disrespect, try your hand at SIP.
1	My LAST visit entailed an extremely aggressive bouncer. I have the bruises to prove it! It was as if this guy was looking to kick someone out. Rude & unprofessional manager taking the bouncer's side without so much as asking the patron's opinion. If you want to drink in a bar where all the staff have chips on their shoulders, be my guest.
1	I used to like this place a little bit more when it was Town Tavern.  There are some relatively inexpensive beer choices and an OK dance floor in the basement.  The crowd is not the greatest, but you cannot really hope for much at this type of bar.The staff here tends to be indifferent, so the inmates run the asylum.  We had a wonderful time trying to convince the staff that a young lady passed out on the bar needed assistance finding a way home safely, but they seemed annoyed when we sought them out, or told us she was fine.My past few experiences have really turned me off to this place.  I will probably be avoiding it in the future.
4	Great staff. Jennifer is a great bartender. Fantastic!
2	Pros: they serve alcohol, and thats about it. No thrills here and recently they have started charging to go downstairs to their 'dancefloor'. This place is not a club and never will be a club so how you decide to charge people to go to your frat house basement is beyond me.
5	Sip is  pretty cool spot with a friendly staff. I see some of the negative reviews but that was under prior management.  I usually go to the nightclubs but found Sip to be a nice change of pace.  I would definitely recommend checking out while you're bar hopping or just trying to throw some back.
2	I came in around 5:30pm on a Friday afternoon to grab a post work beverage.  It was not busy at all but I waited several minutes sitting at the bar while the bartender messed around on her phone.  Once she finally finished her personal business, I ordered a Yuengling draft.  I enjoyed my beer while the live music was just starting.  My beer sat empty for 10 minutes before I could get the bartender's attention so I could grab my bill.  I realize this is Uptown Charlotte, but $6 for a domestic pint is ridiculous.
3	Not a bad little place to stop in and have a drink in Uptown. Setting is very casual. Drinks are reasonably priced for the area (they usually have a few specials going on) and the bartenders Ive had have been quick and friendly. Last time we were there, they had a guy playing acoustic guitar, and he was very good. SIP will likely never be your "destination" for the entire evening uptown,  but certainly a great place to peek in, have a drink, and hang out.
3	Decent little bar in the touristy part of downtown Charlotte. There is a dance floor downstairs, but I did not venture down there. Beer and drink selection is good, and reasonably priced. If you want food though, best keep waling. I ordered a basket of wings and not only did they take an extremely long time, they were nothing special. Decent place to grab a beer and watch a game though.
