3	So there is a 24/7 diner IN the heart of Charlotte Uptown, yay!!!!!  Unfortunately that's where the excitement ended.My hmm-what-should-I-call-him and I were looking for a quick bite at around 10ish last night... NIX decided to tell us their kitchen was closed (on a slight tangent... how can a place promotes half price burger AFTER 9pm when the kitchen apparently closes at 10pm???  I mean, shouldn't they make it a point to say 9-10pm ONLY??)  We eagerly went next door to the newly open Queen City Diner.2 immediate impressions: empty & loud (wow... oxymoron??).  I have been in this location so many times, under so many establishment names.  I don't remember being able to hear music from Latorres!  Granted I don't care, in fact I would do a little salsa while waiting for our food, but it is a little weird to be in a diner that blasts musica latina.  And it was empty, as in no patrons... maybe it will pick up later.The waiter/bar person/TV remote control person (aka I think he's the only one that works there) was attentive.  Unfortunately my hot water was warm at best (so I can only wonder what the coffee tempature would be).  The menu is not big, at all.  They have the basic breakfast options, sandwiches/burgers, and even wings.  The disappointing thing then was that they were out of rueben (no rye or corn beef), no burger buns (he offered to serve burgers on sliced bread), and no wings.  Hmm... those things don't spoil easily, so what's the reason for not stocking them?At the end he ordered a club sandwich that comes with fries ($8.50) and I ordered a cup of soup (cream of spinich).  The sandwich was a-ok... it's decent portion, and the fries were interestingly sprinkled with BBQ seasoning (which we liked but some may not).  My cup of soup was... THICK!  But it is a typical problem ordering soup at the end of the day.  That pot has been sitting there all day, so at this point it became condense soup.  I expertly asked for another cup of hot water to dilute it; my cup of soup was literally endless haha.All in all, I have had way better food at other diners.  This would have been a 2-stars review but for 2 reasons I am giving 3-stars: 1. It's new, so I'll give it a benefit of the doubt (please get better, please) and 2. it's 24/7 in Uptown and priced decently.
4	We went on a Saturday morning for breakfast. About half the place was full. We had the most delicious pancakes and my omelet was cooked perfect. We will definitely be back for a good, affordable breakfast in uptown!This place is great for groups but just a note for management*** watch your yelp reviews- people don't like to wait for food in a diner and want to order what is on the menu so stock your kitchen accordingly***
2	If I had to describe this place in one word: Blah. I found myself hungry with time to kill after work, so I headed over here since I'd been meaning to try it out. I was in the mood for a good sandwich. I walked by and it was... dead. One table of three people, and I could see a staff member rolling silverware at the bar. I considered my close by options, but as my budget was limited to the cash I had in my wallet, I decided to stick with the diner.I was impressed by the decor. It has a diner feel, but with a little higher class- dark wood dining chairs, a (probably fake, but nice-looking) marbleized bar, wood floors, and bar TV's that don't dominate the room. There was an (empty) wine rack, and wine glasses on display. I was expecting diner food with a twist. Unfortunately, this is not what I got. Latorre's music was blasting through the walls. I didn't realize it was Latorre's at first, until they took a break for someone to make an announcement, and I could hear the diner's actual music playing through. Staff: The one employee I saw served as host, server, bartender, food runner, and busser. This was the perfect amount of staff for the crowd. He was kind and courteous, but honestly looked kind of bored to be there, and who could blame him? He immediately briefed me on things they were out of: Onion rings, mac & cheese, and 2 other high demand things I forgot. Menu: Plain. Plain plain plain. It's only 2 pages- a breakfast side, and a non-breakfast side. It is clear that no thought or effort has gone into making this menu look appetizing: It's on plain white paper, in a plain font, and there are no descriptions by the food- what's on it, what it's served with, any reason at all you should be tempted to order it. I came in looking for maybe a club sandwich or a panini but ended up getting a cheeseburger because that's all that looked appealing. Fries do not come with it, they are sold separately. The prices are reasonable, though. The menu does have a History of Charlotte on the back, but I didn't get to read it- I was busy looking for the rest of the menu and never found it.My cheeseburger was not bad, but not great. It was served on a plain bun that looked like they got it at Harris Teeter on a VIC special. I'm pretty sure the fries were Ore-Ida, though they were seasoned very well. My bill was around 8 bucks. You guys know I am a lover of diners, but I probably won't be returning to this one unless they step up their game. It's got so much potential, what with their location, their 24-hour concept, and their decor. Their food needs to get with the times. If you find yourself stumbling around lost at 3 am, saying "Eh, well, this place has food" it will meet your needs. If not, there are better places to go.
4	Diners seem to be popping up fast and furious around the Queen City and Queen City Diner (see what I did there?  witty, right?) is one of them.  Went for lunch with Lindsay H. since its only a few blocks from the office and we tried to hit it once or twice before.The place has a great look about it, nothing there trying to bash you over the head with "diner nostalgia", but it still had a well sized counter area which is required for any place that has the word diner in its name.  We were seated quickly, which wasn't a problem as there were only 3 or 4 other tables occupied at the time, and our drink orders were taken right away.  The only reason I mention the drink order thing is because that hasn't been the case at another diner in town.  Anyway, the menu is basic, but priced accordingly.  The chicken salad sandwich was about $5.75 and came with seasoned thick cut potato chips.  It was a basic sandwich on white bread (there are other bread options) with a piece of lettuce and a tomato but for the price and location I was good with it.  Our waitress was attentive and made sure our glasses didn't run dry.I'm going with a slightly generous 4 star rating here because I don't want to turn people off to the option.  It's probably not somewhere I'm going to think of as my first option if I'm not already uptown, but being open 24/7 with good prices in the area adds the extra star for me.  No, the menu isn't adventurous and the food isn't a surprise for the price, but it's a good value in a location where that can be hard to find.  If price, hours and friendliness weren't playing a big part here this would certainly be a 3 (maybe 2.5 if I were in a particularly stingy mood) review.  Keep your kitchen appropriately stocked QCD (see other reviews) and I think you'll see success.
1	I'd love to review the food here, but we've been sitting here over an hour in a nearly empty restaurant and it still hasn't arrived. It good 20 minutes for someone to take our order and no one has been by to refill our drinks in the 45 minutes we've been waiting for our eggs. Yes, just eggs. Thanks Queen City.
1	First visit--January. 4  star review. Please read the most recent review, further below...REALLY surprised about this place. First off--the decor was swanky and the servers were young(-er than the usual diner folks). The menu was short--which is a good thing--and the prices were very reasonable.I ordered the 2 eggs (scrambled), with hashbrowns (homemade!), meat (bacon) and coffee. The eggs were fluffy, the hashbrowns were delicious, and the bacon was very tastey.Another of the group ordered the blueberry pancakes--which were both delicious and pretty to look at. Cake-like, but crispy on the edges, delicious.This diner is open 24/7 and is in a great location!**********************************************************************Re-visit 3/13/11, ONE STAR REVIEWOk so after a fun night at a couple of bars and a good nights sleep... we headed (with a group) over to Queen City Diner, excited to revisit and have some of their delicious food. Um... I really wish we would have gone somewhere else. I give this place less than a month to stay open. Here's why:Warning sign #1: No cream for the coffee. They ran out and didn't have anything but 1% milk.... sounds like their distributor isn't delivering for a reason--they might not be able to pay their bill? Anyways--no cream for coffee isn't something that should EVER happen in a diner.Warning sign #2: Understaffing. Why in the world wouldn't you be full or even overstaffed at a downtown diner the day after the largest bar crawl in the world????Warning sign #3: Everyone was "new" and that was the excuse they gave for poor service, long wait times, running out of coffee (yeah they didn't have any reserves), and the kitchen screwing up orders.Warning sign #4: Loooooooooooooooooooooooong wait times. Some of our party waited OVER 10 minutes for their DRINKS to arrive. And they weren't "busy." Our food took over an hour. Did I mention they weren't busy? Also--when they finally brought out the food, they brought out everyone's EXCEPT for one persons.... oh yeah, it's because the kitchen forgot to make that order.Warning sign #5: The kitchen screwed up at least 4 of the 9 orders... and when they were delivered wrong--the staff IGNORED us. And they never bothered to bring the hashbrowns that I ordered even though they were reminded over 5 times.Warning sign #6: The food quality was... poor. The last time we ate there the food was excellent--thick cut bacon, fluffy eggs, homemade hashbrowns, delicious and light pancakes.... this time--the bacon was obviously cheaper and thinner (and had less taste and they served less of it), the eggs were "meh" and NOT fluffy, the hashbrowns (which someone else gave me a taste of since they never brought me mine) tasted like the frozen patties you get at the grocery store that they just put in a food processor (not the best). Oh did I mention there was no cream for the coffee?Warning sign #7: When the time for the check came--I spoke up (again) about our orders STILL not being right--the fact they never delivered my hashbrowns or my boyfriends biscuits. We were going to get a "discount." WHen the waitress FINALLY brought us our checks--I was shocked--a measly 10% that didn't even cover the cost of my MISSING HASHBROWNS. When it was pointed out to our server that I was not happy about this, and that I felt that after this bad experience that there should definitely be more of a discount, I was ignored. I shouldn't have paid them, I realize that now. I was completely astounded at this place today. Several people got up and left--one couple was very angry (their orders were also messed up AND they waited a long time). The thing is--they HAD the staff today... but it seemed only one person was doing the work--our poor server, Hannah (bless her heart). HANNAH--you might want to find another place to work, just a tip, you're a sweet girl and a good waitress, unfortunately the rest of the staff is what made run around frustrated today! The shift manager delivered food... but mainly stood around and watched Hannah hustle around frantically as she was the only waitress working... along with what appeared to be a bartender/drink lady person who didn't bother to make coffee, refill drinks, or help make any drinks like it appeared she should have been doing. Oh and she was constantly rolling her eyes and frowning. I think this lady and the (un) friendly greeter should both be doing something else besides customer service. My tip? DON'T GO HERE. It's overpriced for the quality, you'll waste a LOT of time, and you will not be treated well as a customer. I will NOT ever go back to this place. Sorry QC Diner--but your presentation today was absolutely pathetic.
2	We were on our way to see a show at the Belk Theater and needed a place to grab a quick bite -- we were thinking appetizers.  Nix was packed, but the new Queen City Diner next door was totally empty.  We popped in and were quite surprised by the decor for a "diner."  The Urban Outfitters-like decor, low-level lighting, and bar-like atmosphere from Feast and Fiji Sushi still remained.  The employees were gathered around the bar in what looked like a shift change.  Or perhaps a pep session just before opening for the night, but it was already 7:15 p.m., so...  Anyway, since nobody greeted us, I walked toward the group and asked, "Are you open?"  Someone nodded, so we grabbed a spot at the bar to hopefully get faster service since we were in a hurry.  The menu was pretty basic and not at all unique or appealing, especially for the ambiance of the restaurant interior.  One side of the two-page menu was breakfast (which I ignored) and the other was sandwiches and just a few basic appetizers.  Hmmm...chicken tenders or nachos?  I ordered chicken tenders and a side of fries for us to split.   As our server started to ring in our order, he was informed by someone (a manager? the cook?) that they were out of chicken tenders.  And nachos.  And onion rings.  Basically, the entire selection of appetizers.  Okaaaay...I closed my eyes and picked the first thing that I saw when I opened them:  turkey melt sandwich with chips.  Our server went to place the order and then called over to us:  what kind of cheese?  Uh...I guess provolone.  Not sure what you have.  A couple of minutes later, "What kind of bread?" Geez.  I didn't care at this point.  I know our server was just trying to do his job and was probably new (he was very nice), but it seemed like the entire operation was out of synch with the world of restaurants.  The turkey melt came out and tasted hot and delicious, but it felt very odd eating a basic sandwich surrounded by such lavish decor.  So much for date night dinner.  At least the show was good afterwards.  I'm not sure what the Queen City Diner is trying to be, but whatever it currently is isn't working.
3	My latest baseball adventures brought me to Charlotte to see a team that actually plays in Fort Mill, but regardless, I had a few hours to kill before the game, so I decided I wanted to get some breakfast.  Scouring the Yelps to find a well-ranked breakfast joint, I stumbled upon Mattie's Diner, but apparently, this supposed holiday where kids worship some rabbit declared that Mattie's would not operate.  So I decided to go the old fashioned route, and park my rental downtown, and hoof it, and seek out food on my own.  And by sheer complete chance, I found Queen City Diner - they were probably the only place open and not serving some ridiculous $50 champagne Easter brunch.For a supposed diner, I was a little confused at the decor; reading what a few others had to say, it's obvious it was once a much schwankier joint at a previous time, but "diner" isn't what I get out of it upon entering.  Not quite "Patrick Bateman American Psycho comestible level," but surely not "diner."  Despite there being hardly any customers, nobody really seated me right away, and if I waited 10 seconds longer, I probably would have bolted, but fortunately someone finally got to me.I ordered a fairly pedestrian two eggs, toast, hasbrowns and sausage plate, and it took a precariously long time for staple breakfast foods to come out to me; they apologized for the delay which I appreciate, but it goes worth mentioning in a critique.  It wasn't egregiously priced, and the portion did the job well, and the endless coffee raised my coherence for the day. I give them three stars, because they weren't bad, but they certainly didn't wow me as a chance visitor.  The next time my travels take me out to Charlotte, I'd side with the want to explore more before trying QC Diner again.
1	My friend and I decided to visit this diner which is two blocks away from my apartment on a Sunday AM (well... may be more like brunch). This place look so empty all the time so why not. The menu is mediocre. The kicker... they run out of bacon!!! How do you run out of bacon in a diner? News flash: Harris Teeter is two blocks away, where you could... umm... buy bacon since your ordering manager under estimate? The hash brown was super sallty and made from chopped potato with green peppers and ham?!? Definitely not my taste of hash brown.They know how to poached eggs and have ok coffee. I'm very sad for the experience, since I would like a walking distance breakfast place by my home.
2	I really *wanted* to love this place since it is open 24/7 and is in walking distance of my house. And Uptown has a SEVERE lack of late-night food options. I just didn't love it at all.Wandered in about 9:00 one evening and the place was dead. Didn't bother me, since the place had just opened.After reviewing the unimpressive menu, I went with the grilled cheese, which was really just ok. I mean, if I order a grilled cheese when OUT to eat, I want it to be cheesy, piping hot deliciousness. It wasn't.I sat at the bar, and the bartender was pleasant enough and made sure I had what I needed.Sadly, a miss for me. And wouldn't return unless there was not another option open and I was desperately hungry.
2	Went there for lunch today and they seem to be out of business but they don't know it yet. The place was empty from 11:45 until 12:30 when we left. When the waitress came to take our drink order, she said they were all out of sweet tea but they had sugar and unsweetened tea - she must not have been in the south too long.  Then when my son tried to order chicken fingers with ranch dressing, she said they were all out of ranch. Go to the store folks!  The food was okay but it came to $25 for me and my 6 yr old son to eat lunch. I had a sandwich and she said it would be extra to get onion rings instead of fries. She failed to mention that they would charge me for the whole lunch including fries (which they did not give me) and another $3.50 for onion rings as a side dish. The food was not that bad, but we could have gone to the Capital Grille for this price. Go ahead and pass on this one!  They probably won't be there much longer anyhow.
5	valarie was nice, i was the only guest but i enjoyed my tuna salad sandwich and my frangelico and coffee.. her conversation was good and not intrusive even though i had a million questions about the area..
1	Food was horrible - yuck!
1	Went with a group for brunch, and I wouldn't go back. The service was insanely slow--I don't know if the server forgot to put in our order or what, but we had to flag her down after waiting half an hour, and then it still didn't come out for 15 more minutes! When it did come, it was average diner fare. Greasy hash browns and dry toast... had to ask for butter and jam, and then wait again for that, so the toast was cold by the time it came. (Jam was just those little packets of mostly-corn-syrup "fruit spread.") Don't recommend.
5	While the menu was unimpressive, it contained usual diner fare. We went late night/early morning and ordered breakfast. My eggs were cooked right and the hash browns were perfect; my dining companion ordered pancakes with fresh peaches which were also great. Weary travelers waiting on a train, a twenty-four hour diner was a sight for sore eyes. Valerie, our server, was outstanding and a testament to southern hospitality.
3	Wow, I can't believe what I'm seeing reading the other reviews.  Sadly, my experience was no better.  I want to love this place so badly because it's just around the corner from my new home.  Sadly, the menu is uninspired and what was served was less than average.  I ordered french toast and it was just 3 slices of plain white bread dipped in egg batter - I could've made that at home.  I could've toasted up some premade french toast and probably have been even happier.  I overheard at the table next to mine that they were all out of butter.  On a Saturday morning during brunch hours?  Like others have said, Harris Teeter is around the corner, send someone and pick up a pound of butter!What's going on with the management of this place.  They went through all the trouble of building this awesome place, staffing it 24/7, and they're letting it flounder by not keeping their already small menu available?I'll keep coming back a few more times to see if it picks up, but I'm not hopeful.
5	Honestly, I probably never would have gone to the QCD if I hadn't purchased a Livingsocial deal. But I'm glad I did and discovered this little gem. I check reviews on Yelp before going anywhere (obviously) and was a little worried about what I would find at the Queen City Diner. However, my Livingsocial was soon to expire, I'd spent about 5 hours down the street (if you know what I mean...) and I was starving; QCD would have to do. Like many of the other reviewers noted, there was no one on the main floor. The door guy, the "manager"(?), and the one server were standing by the door trying to drum up some business on the street, which reminded me of cafes in Europe, so I figured that wasn't that strange. The "manager" (he was the only guy in the place wearing all black and a tie. He could have just been pretentious) was selling us on the band that was about to go on downstairs and said they did serve food downstairs too, so we were in. Apparently it's a $5 cover to see shows there, but he let us go down for free when we promised we were really just there for food, but also enjoyed music.When we got downstairs, it kind of looked like a frat house basement, but in that fun, "there's-a-full-bar-in-the-corner" kind of way. There were actually a number of people downstairs and they have hookah! The band hadn't started yet and the bartender informed us you could only order appetizers downstairs, so we headed back up. A bit of confusion on the staff's part, but not that big of a deal. We grabbed a booth upstairs and put in our order. As other reviewers have said, yes, the menu is a bit "uninspired", but it's a freaking diner. Calm down. They have all the diner basics AND booze! What more do you want!? And the food is actually decent. Our server recommended the omlettes and did not lead us astray. They're well made and yummy. The other food wasn't especially mind blowing, but it wasn't bad, either. The prices are cheap, too. $2 PBR EVERY day and on certain days $2 Yeungling and other great drink specials, in addition to cheap food prices ($5 for biscuits and gravy! $6 for an omlette, hashbrowns, toast and coffee!)If you're looking for an upscale, diner experience, this is not it. If you're looking for decent diner food at any hour of the day, when you might or might not have been drinking for hours and would like to eat some food AND continue drinking, this is your spot! It really would be a shame if this place shut down, so go check it out with an open mind and an empty belly!(p.s. they have wifi, too!)
2	My wife and I had a Living Social coupon which was about to expire.  We decided to use the coupon for breakfast this past Sunday morning.There weren't many people in the restaurant.  The tables are in a weird configuration.  Plus, the restaurant is rather dark and depressing.  We were waited on promptly, but the menu was quite limited for breakfast.  We ordered eggs, hash browns, sausage and toast.  It came out relatively quickly, but we had to ask for jelly and had to ration what we had been given.The breakfast was okay for what we spent utilizing the coupon that we had.  I wouldn't have wanted to pay full fare for what we had.I doubt if I will visit this restaurant again due to it's location, parking issues and mediocre food.
1	Ugh eat your shoe, the diner and your shoe are both available 24 hours a day only your shoe will taste better. The bacon came as a curled up mess and it was fat and chewy.  The Eggs Benedict was under cooked. They didn't bother to toast the english muffin and it looked like half the egg was missing. When i cut into the egg it oozed uncooked egg whites. The hollandaise sauce was sour and tasted like they used chicken broth in it, Yuck.I am pretty sure the pancakes are krustez mix, not bad for a quick home cake but not at a diner.
